New beautiful modern hotel on the border of University City. The front desk staff have all. Been extremely friendly, and cheerful. The hotel is located in the Cira Center South Building (FMC), and the entrance is located off of 30th street. 

The interior is clean and modern, the finishes are beautiful,  and we stayed on the 33rd floor, which gave great views of the city. Well, most of the marketing showed views facing the Liberty Place buildings, ours was facing more Northwest, so it was more of a view of the 30th St Station... and the train tracks. Still nice, but not what I was hoping for.

We booked the studio, which had plenty of room for the two of us, there is even a small washer and dryer! I loved the look of everything.

Why 4 stars? We were excited to used the beautiful pool, and had some free time on our first day there. It was closed for maintenance. We really did not have any other time during our trip, so it was disappointing. I feel they should have let people know that ahead of time.

The other issue is that they tested the fire alarms at 8:30am on a Saturday. No Bueno, in fact it pissed me off. Why did it have to be that early. So what I hoped to be a relaxing, luxurious stay was kind of meh.

It is New construction and some of these issues are due to that, but I feel that we should have been forewarned about the loud alarm testing and the pool being out of commission.
The staff over--stands the art of hospitality! Other hotels in the area had better watch out, this hotel knows the secret to creating the ultimate getaway  experience. The front door men are always courteous and front desk is refreshing helpful minus the "front desk attitude" you get in most hotels. 
So here it is:

Pros- 
*The AMENITIES! Check out the 28th floor. Wow!! Gorgeous swimming pool, movie theater, gulf simulator, and more.

*The views in the rooms make your eyes pop and transport you to another place. Really! It's that nice.

Cons- 
*Hmmm..... I'd say the restaurant attached to the hotel could open earlier on a Sunday but then again, it gave us an excuse to see more of the beautiful city and try a new restaurant. Wait, is this a con? 
*Ah, here's one- the golf simulator needs an instructions sheet for non gamers. We just clicked buttons and wacked the gulf ball, which was fun but we would have enjoyed it more if we knew how to work the machine for a proper game.

Side Note:
Shout out to Eric and Steve at the front desk (lol).
Also need to mention the maintenance man who was called to fix our remote but instead got us a room upgrade. Boom! Yea, that happened ;)

That's all I got people! The hotel is awesome.  Hubby and I will surely return
As an avid traveler I am extremely particular about accommodations. I have to say AKA University City did not disappoint. In true AKA fashion it is an ultra luxury hotel. We stayed in the deluxe 2 br penthouse which was ample space for my family for the weekend. The master bedroom with an insuite bathroom was perfect to seperate the adults from the children. The bed was extremely confortable. I was able to prepare a fabulous lunch our first day there in the fully appointed kitchen. The soundbar in the living area was easy to access and play the soundtrack for our family weekend. The amenities on level 28 were outstanding, from the elegant pool area, sleek gym and cozy movie theatre; we were able to take advantage of all the offerings during our stay. The Walnut St Grill downstairs was a great place to have brunch Sunday morning and my teenangers loved the french toast. 

Overall we enjoyed our visit immensely. The only negative was a mishap at check in at which time we did not recieve the floor requested over another guest who was not present but expressed as a high profile client by the front desk staff. I would say that while this left a really bad taste in my mouth, I charged that indiscretion to the particular guest services professional and not the establishment. I hope that in the future the client that is present would be treated as just as valuable as any other client. That is the sole reason I did not give them a 5 Star rating. But I will be returning to give them a chance to rectify the previous encounter with better customer service.
Wow!

The amenity floor, which is on the 28th floor, is dynamite!

It's such a comfortable place. And there are multiple different environments on this floor. 

One room is a golf course simulator. There's like 30 different courses you can take a whack at.

Another room is the movie room. It's comfortable. 

Another area is a let's-do-business sort of place with conference rooms and a library-like setting.

They've got a 70 foot long pool with a view of the city up there. 

There's a gym with terrific Center City views.

They've got a lounge/bar area.

And the outdoor terrace on the 28th floor is a unique aerial marvel. 

Access to the amenity floor is for hotel guests, gym members, and residents of the building. But it is possible to see it. Just ask the doorman. If he's not too busy, you've got a good shot at getting a tour.

(It would be cool of you to tip the fellow at the conclusion of the tour.)

It's an interesting and worthwhile excursion if you are interested in seeing views from way up while in a luxury environment. And you can park in the garage right next door. Just 4 bucks for the first 30 minutes. (For Philly, that's a bargain!)

And while you're there, if the weather is good, check out the park in the sky known as "Cira Green." It's on the top floor of that parking garage. Guaranteed to be interesting on any nice day.
This place was amazing!!! It was a bit hard to find, and they don't accommodate your parking in the garage but it was the nicest hotel I've ever been in.  They are full apartments. Two bedrooms, kitchen,great room. 2 full baths and a washer and dryer. So beautiful, and a amazing view of the city. Luxury at its finest. The only downfall was the the front desk couldn't help us with where we could get food after midnight. They said call Uber eats??
BEWARE OF POOR MANAGEMENT BEFORE SIGNING A LEASE AT THIS AKA LOCATION!! My current experience at AKA is by far the worst leasing experience I have ever had! We have spent over $150k in the last three years as a resident and this year is just awful. While the property presents an attractive value proposition given the amenities, modern finish and price/location, the managing director Evan is notably unprofessional and highly unscrupulous. 

WARNING!! AKA seems like a dream but it can be a nightmare! Terrible experience with Evan the manager who will go to great lengths to get an unprofessional lawyer involved to talk to you & police officers to escort you out of your own home for a single late fee charge of $200!  We are so disappointed on how this was handled. He is extremely rude and unprofessional. Feels like a vindictive move to deny access to 28th floor. Extremely difficult to have a peace of mind and enjoy life in your own "luxury" apartment when you are constantly being harassed and attacked verbally by the manager. We no longer feel comfortable here and our quality of life has dropped significantly since dealing with this person. Management here MUST change!
I can't say enough about this hotel. Simply the best. Simply amazing. Heaven. I am spoiled, and can never use a normal hotel again!
I just finished a nine night stay at this location, it was amazing! When I first opened the door to my one bedroom suite, I could not believe what I was seeing, It was even better than the pictures on the website.I can't wait to stay again, and I'll definitely recommend this "Hotel" ( more like a home away from home) to any and everyone I know!
AKA University City defines luxury in Philadelphia. It's the tallest building in the city with attentive staff, phenomenal amenities (including a top-of-the line gym, lap pool, lounge, cinema, and business center), and the best apartments (or hotel rooms) money can buy. If you're here whether for short-term or long-term, I recommend checking out the rentals!
I have lived in this apartment building for three months and really wish I did not sign a 2 year lease.  To get anything delivered at the loading dock such as purchased furniture  from a high quality company requires a COI. That is not the problem,  the issue is that they will not work with the furniture store at all so you have to be the middle man.  I have had to do this  on multiple times which is not reasonable for a busy professional paying over 5K a month to live here.  Unless you have a assistant to follow up on all the details I would avoid the frustration and rent somewhere else.
So this hotel is aesthetically great. Beautiful amenities floor, nice rooms. Stayed there on a long-term corporate lease. However, management is terrible. We had non-stop issues with billing, cleaning and basically anything related to basic hotel management.  Despite paying bills in full every month our credit card was repeatedly charged without authorization even weeks after we checked out.  Would not return nor recommend.
