Definitely one of the nicest hotels I've ever stayed in; certainly the most spacious.

All the rooms at this hotel are "suites," and many are used for extended stays. But these aren't your typical "corporate" suites, these are stylish and elegant. It felt like we were staying in a small apartment (actually it wasn't that small), and my husband remarked that it was like the flat in "Dial M for Murder." 

There was a large entryway/sitting area, and then a living/dining room, separate kitchen, and also an office/study. The bedroom was also quite large and the marble bathroom also had ample space. I could have lived there!

Of course, this is not a hotel if you're super budget-conscious, and we only ended up staying here because most hotels were booked (Eagles/Redskins game, some type of medical convention), and we're too old to stay in dumps when we travel. It still ended up being less money than I would have expected to pay, and I absolutely felt like we got our money's worth.

It was in a great location in Center City, just across from Rittenhouse Square Park. We had plenty of restaurants, bars, and shops right at our fingertips. We walked all over the neighborhood and it's just so damn charming and appealing.

We're so happy to have stumbled onto this hotel chain. Definitely a happy accident, and we're planning on staying here again on our next trip to Philly.
Serviced apartment style hotel in a prime location in Center City. Placed at the edge of Rittenhouse Square, an abundance of shopping, restaurants, museums, and a beautiful park are within walking distance. My boyfriend and I stayed here for two nights. We booked a Studio room online priced at $190/night, and received a complimentary upgrade to a One Bedroom Apartment ($270/night) upon arrival. The concierge was friendly, and allowed us to check in two hours early. They do not require a deposit for incidentals. 

The layout of the apartment was a bit weird-enormous living room, narrow hallway shaped kitchen, small bedroom, and tiny bathroom. The decor is modern, minimalist chic-earth tones, essentials only. The space was immaculately clean. The kitchen was equipped with flatware, pots, pans, dishes, and all of the other essentials required to comfortably cook and/or dine in, if you like. The bathroom had essentials, but only one towel, for some reason. Outlets were inconveniently placed.

While nothing particularly wowed me about AKA, they provided a perfectly comfortable short stay in Philly. If you prefer an apartment to a more traditional hotel room layout, I would not hesitate to recommend them.
Wonderful location. I loved the two bedroom, two bath suite as I was travelling with others. It enabled each of us to have our own private spaces and share a wonderful kitchen and living suite. For the size and the area it is a really good bargain if you look in the right places to book it. 

There are indeed 32 inch HDTVs in nearly every room. Decor is definitely leaning trendy but I found it stable and comfortable enough. They have marble in bathroom and kitchen areas which is nice. Hated that they charge for wifi though.

We had curtains so light was not a challenge but street noise was a bit problematic at times, especially as it got to be the weekend. I sleep like the dead but others in my party found it a bit annoying.

Staff was great, we made sure they knew we wanted daily maid service and got it no problem, the room was kept spotless. Tip nicely and you will get incredible service. The concierge was super sweet and helpful about various adventures we were looking into. 

Plenty of great restaurants and destinations nearby, convenient and very nice indeed. Hope to be back sometime.
A truly amazing location, I stayed here for about a month while in town shooting a film, and the 2 bedroom suite I was in was absolutely fantastic.  Full gorgeous kitchen with marble island and countertops, 32" HDTVs in every room, WASHER/DRYER IN SUITE!!!.  Some nice touches all around - you can tell they went very cheap/modern on the furniture as it's all kinda rickety yet LOOKS amazing.

Staff is really accommodating - I was on the 2nd floor and the blinds weren't doing a good enough job of getting my room to be a proper "hotel blackout", so they freaking installed curtains - which did the job and looked great.  Really fine service.

My only complaint was the infrequency of the rooms being cleaned and towels replaced - ours were supposed to be cleaned/turned-over every 3 days, and we were lucky if it was once a week.  I don't care as much about having my bed made as I do about having fresh towels every day, but whatever, it is in the perfect location, and a relative bargain.
This is the worst hotel ever! I recently stayed here for one night traveling on just a leisure trip for the day. I drove down from Washington D.C. and found what I thought would be a great hotel hence the reviews.

Although there were a couple of negative reviews, being that you cannot please everyone. As I approached the hotel I was surprised to find that parking would be three  blocks away at a nearby public parking place. I had to carry all 3 bags down the street into the lobby which is just mediocre for the price that I paid. I was greeted by a warm smile and it felt like I had known her forever. She told me that I had to wait a few minutes because my check-in information had not been loaded into their system properly. I went to the bar next door to grab a drink and came back 15 minutes later and still was not able to check-in. I sat down patiently and finally after 45 minutes I was able to check-in . Upon arrival into the room it was extremely small but quaint. Bathroom was extremely small and the phone in the room to order room service or to call front desk was not working. 

So this is the main issue .After my stay I checked out and they gave me a warm goodbye and I left. I proceeded to get my car to find out that parking overnight is $55. I said this cannot be correct. The parking attendant said I needed a validation from the hotel so I had to walk back 3 more blocks to the hotel we go to get a validation which should have automatically been given by the hotel. So I did, and presented that back to the attendant to still be charged $35 for parking. So after 4 hours of me leaving the hotel I am charged $500. I get the notifications on my phone so I new immediately that I was being charged. I called an spoke to a front desk agent and he told me that I was smoking in the room, which is why their was a $500 charge . This is a blatant lie. I don't even smoke .I then asked to speak to the manager and she picked up the phone with a rude demeanor and tone and with complete disregard to any of my other conversation with the front desk agent and was ironically contradicting the other story the front desk agent informed me of. So my question was to the hotel if this were the case that they had a guest smoking in the room why was I not notified of this before the charge occurred on my card. A conversation from the hotel would have been appropriate but instead they made an unauthorized charge to my card and I filed a claim with American Express. I have not been refunded for this blatant lie and I will never use this hotel again In the future. I suggest you find another hotel as well because this hotel is money hungry and will nickel and dime you all the way till you check out. And charge your card for whatever they deem necessary.
I'm so sick of this place I pay over 8500 a month. There tub over flowed over me and it poured all over my things, my head, and body because I was using the toilet. To them it was no big deal only somebody else's tub water. Then I sent my clothes to their cleaners and they didn't separate the items all of my socks, shirts, jeans, now destroyed. They have returned everything stained. They could care less they are all pink in color. Then I asked for toilet paper there was no more. I called the guy said he was coming. He never showed. Then I called this morning and I finally received it. This is not 5+ star. I would not recommend staying here. Dirty water went all over me and there attitude we will give you a small gift card but we need receipts to cover your things. It was only somebody's dirty tub water. I'm black and they could care less about me. They only want this room filled. No class
I arrived on a late Wednesday night and flew in from California.  I was woken up at 9am by the sounds of pounding and drilling on the 12th floor, which is the floor we were staying on.  Mind you, I was still on California time which would've been 6am.  Exhausted from the all day travel on the previous day I was not happy, to say the least.  I called the front desk and asked what all the noise was and he informed me they'd be doing construction starting at 9am for the next couple of weeks.  I expressed to him I just could not stay on that floor to be woken up by that ruckus my entire stay.  He let me know he'd speak to his manager and get back to me.  I stepped out for a few hours and when I entered the hotel I was greeted by a tall woman and I reminded her of the noise and she informed me they'd been trying to reach me.  Without a thought, she apologized for the inconvenience and let me know they'd be upgrading us to a one bedroom suite.  She offered to have their staff help us with the moving of our belongings.  We obtained our new key and couldn't believe where they'd placed us.  The 5th floor in a beautiful one bedroom suite! We went from a basic room to a suite. Our jaws dropped!  We just expected to be moved into a quiet room but they took it upon themselves to go above and beyond. There was a beautiful kitchen equipped with full size stainless steel appliances, a spacious living room with french doors looking out to the heart of Philly.  Lastly, a spacious bedroom with a king size bed and gorgeous marble bathroom with shower over tub.  Minutes after arriving in our new suite, a knock at the door.  Complimentary cheese and crackers dish for the inconvenience followed by a telephone call making sure we were satisfied with the upgrade.  We couldn't have been happier with the hotel and staff!  I felt like Julia Robert in the movie Pretty Woman :) Their motto "If you're happy, we're happy!" Had it not been for that first sleepless morning, I'd be giving a 5 star review and I also feel we should've been informed of the construction work prior to being placed on that floor.
It's Saturday morning. I'm on the 4th floor. The noise from outside, garbage trucks? Is laughable. If you want a good night sleep, find someplace else.

Coffee maker but no coffee?

No water bottles?

The is a beautiful apartment and if I wanted to go shopping during my stay it would be perfect.

Very clean and fully stocked kitchen (glasses, plates, utensils, toaster, etc.).

2 rooms.
2 TV's.
2 closets.
Very nice bathroom w one sink.

Not a hotel. No real lobby. 
For me, more like a 2-3.
I cannot say enough great things about this hotel. We had an enormous 2 bedroom 2 bath suite with a kitchen living room and dining area. We had a late check-in at the door and we were greeted at the door by name. Bags were whisked upstairs and awaiting us was a cheese platter and a letter to my mother wishing her a happy birthday. Excellent touch. I felt as if they would have accommodated us in any way we asked. The room would have been a bargain at twice the price. We will stay again for sure.
The drinks are good, and the servers are fun!  The menu options at the bar are limited, but lets face it...We're here to have a cocktail and people-watch!  Sit by the window and enjoy some of Philadelphia's finest stroll into (or away from) Rittenhouse Square!

Oysters on the shell had good flavor-slightly sweet and briny.  The grilled octopus is delightful-Soft, not chewy, and seasoned well!
the burger is just right...AND...it actually fits on the bun!  (cute gherkin and olive on top too-made me chuckle)

If you're feeling adventurous, you could even visit the newspaper stand, just outside, and grab a few lottery tickets, for your table to enjoy while you sip your drinks and laugh the afternoon/evening away!

Will be back!
Very impressed with this hotel.  Situated less than a block from Rittenhouse Square, this hotel has an unsupposing front, but as soon as you walk in you know you've found something special.  There is mood lighting all throughout the lobby and the elevator.

The staff is very friendly and helpful.  The rooms are gorgeous, with dark wood furniture, and marble all over the bathroom.  The rooms are suites, with a small but full kitchen and separate living room.  Also, there is none of that salmon-pink and washed out-yellow color you get in alot of other hotels, it's all tastefully done in black, white, gold and silver.

It's also situated in the middle of downtown and I found several wonderful places to eat, spanning several price ranges :-D

The only bad thing is that the downtown area of Philadelphia seems to not have any noise ordinances, and I could hear some nightclubs going on well into the night.  If I could take away a 1/2 star I would just for that, because it was hard for me to sleep.

Other than that, however, I loved this hotel.  They have complimentary  coffee/tea and pastries in the morning. The housekeeping was also wonderful and unobtrusive.   For guests staying less than one week, there is light housekeeping every day.  Guests staying longer than a week only get weekly housekeeping, or upon request.  They also have a laundry room on premises, and an agreement with a gym situated 3 blocks away.

All in all, I was really impressed with this place.
It's like home away from home at Aka. My girlfriend took me here for a little birthday vacation and I was blown away by this place. The feel to it was so different from any other hotel I've ever stayed at. The lobby feels more like a club lounge and the elevator has purple and green lights inside. It's very nice that at night they lock the front and your key opens the lobby doors but there is always a night guard. The rooms are great and are bigger then most peoples apartments, they had full kitchens and are fully furnished. The view we had was looking right at rittenhouse square. I loved this place and would definitely go back and stay for even longer time.
This hotel and extended stay is located right off of Rittenhouse Square in the heart of the city . Lovely accomodations, Pet friendly, and helpful staff - best of all is the Location . The spacious suite styles are elegant and spacious , with a great view of Rittenhouse Square park . Also has internet access and kitchen . You wont' want to leave , its really one of the best places to stay with your dog in Center City, Philly .
At first I was really skeptical because I was searching around for hotels in Philadelphia - Center City when I stumbled upon what seemed like an amazing deal. For two nights, we stayed in a lovely suite (1 kingsized bed, spacious living room, fully functional kitchen) for ~$400. Don't get me wrong, that's still a little steep for my taste, but compared to the $400-$600/night options that were pretty much across the street from this hotel, I had no choice but to settle for this price. Nevertheless, everything about the hotel itself was lovely and very modern/artsy. The rooms were exceptionally clean. We even got free wifi and cable, which was awesome too. Moreover, the location was great! The hotel is situated pretty much in the shopping district of center city with Anthropologie, Urban Outfitters, Coach, Burberry, etc just a 2 minute walk away! Moreover, the Rittenhouse park was right across the street. Overall, a splendid place to stay, and I will definitely stay here again when I come back to Philly. :]

Plus, I think I might've stumbled upon Lady Gaga in the very colorful elevator (especially because paparazzi were outside the hotel), tehehe.
Great location.  Good deals.  Nice professional and amicable staff.  Loved my stay and highly recommend it.
I'm so excited that I found this hotel. With family in Philadelphia, I'm sure I will be returning often and now I know exactly where to stay. We got a studio for 1 night. The room was small but comfortable. We didn't use the kitchen, but it was fully stocked with plates, silverware, glassware, pots and pans. The bathrooms were really beautiful and had all Molton Brown toiletries. Location can't be beat. LOVE THIS PLACE. Definitely returning, hopefully next time my stay is even longer.
I cannot emphasize how good our stay was. I highly recommend this place.

I was looking for a hotel or apartment for a month long stay in Philadelphia for my family and Aka was exactly what I needed.
They recently renovated so their facilities are new and spotless but what stood out the most for me is the service. Their staff were outstanding and helped us whenever we needed them, at any time of the day with speed and efficiency. The doormen are always here to help you carry your things or to run to you with an umbrella when it rains. The front desk were reliable and excellent.
I would like specifically thank Mahika her help, she was tremendous. We are leaving Aka happy and very satisfied.
My husband and I stayed here for two nights and it was wonderful. The room was very nice and clean and the staff was friendly and accommodating. But the best part of our trip was the doorman Darren! He is the best! He made us feel right at home, helped us with anything we needed and is also hilarious! We would come back solely based on him!
Excellent hotel, great service, spacious rooms.  Darren the doorman was very very helpful.  Despite the cost, I plan to stay here in the future.  The hotel was the nicest I've stayed in in Philly
We moved from the suburbs and needed a place to stay for 4 months. We were recommended by someone to stay here. They have not been to this place in a while but its the name and its in Rittenhouse. Like when people stayed at the Plaza in NY and that started falling apart so they closed it for renovations.The only plus was the service people are extremely friendly as well as the front desk. the lobby looks good but they only have one small elevator for use for everyone, including the people who help you move in. So it is hectic. People come and go all the time. We got it site unseen and when we walked in we could not believe we were paying for this rundown place. It should have been renovated 25 years ago! We had a two bedroom/2 bath and it was tiny. The kitchen was more of a kitchenette. Had no closet space except one closet in guest room. It was run down. There were 3 of us. there was no room to put anything and we lived out of suitcases on the floor. The bathroom was so tiny two people could not even be in the bathroom at the same time.The guest bathroom was a bit bigger. The furniture looked like it came from Target and was falling a part. The paint was a dreary yellow,the carpet and sofa was army green, the lighting was non existent. The blinds were old and yellowed and didn't close properly so light shined in the window from the street all night. The windows were terrible and you could hear shouting on the street all night. No laundry facilities in the units. Per housekeeping there was a laundry room with 2 washers and dryers for all the units but it was not available and the room was being redone. We had to go to a laundrymat every saturday!  Plus they cleaned once per week and barely cleaned. they would change the towels and make the bed. They never wiped counters, cleaned bathrooms, vacuumed, and I asked them to!This place was expensive. After 1 week we started looking for other places to live. There was no way We were staying there.  We found 3 other places to live. All had hardwood floors, nice furniture, washers and dryers in units, nice size bedrooms, bathrooms, lots of closet space. All about $800-$1000 cheaper and square footage for 2 bedrooms at least 1200 0r more. We are very comfortable and happy with our new place and live like human beings.  They spend over an hour every Saturday cleaning and do a great job.
