This is my favorite place to stay in Philadelphia:

-Super convenient location a few blocks above South Street and within walking distance of great shopping and dining;
-Professional, warm service;
-Well-appointed rooms with Art Deco décor and comfy beds;
-Complimentary Continental breakfast in their lovely breakfast room, which has tea, coffee, and light snacks the rest of the day;
-Discounted parking at a garage on Walnut, an easy walk from the hotel;
-Major steal of a deal at $119 a night.

The Alexander is a popular, small, boutique hotel that books up a few months out.  As soon as you know your dates of travel, get on the website or call the front desk to make your reservations.  The staff who work here are excellent and make every effort to accommodate any special requests you have...like asking for a room on the top floor because nothing grates your nerves more than listening to a constant parade of elephant-stomping overhead.  (Although, the insulation/soundproofing at Alexander is great.)

The rooms really vary here, so it helps to think of this place as "European."  The first time I stayed here they put me in a large room with a sitting area overlooking 12th Street (so I assumed this is what all the rooms looked like).  But on the next visit I ended up in a room barely bigger than the queen bed, for the same rate as the larger.  All the rooms are nice, but some are much bigger than others -- something else you can request at time of booking.

A few negatives:

-Free wifi is extremely fickle.  I imagine if you're a business traveler this could cause problems;
-Elevator is tiny and slowwww.  Not a problem if you're on a lower floor (take the stairs), but frustrating when you're on the 7th.

All things considered, the Alexander is a real Philadelphia gem.  Highly recommended.
Fellow Yelpers, lend me you ear. I'm sorry to report that you have shaken my faith to its very core. How in the blue hell this place merits four stars is a mystery akin to the Bermuda Triangle or Donald Trump's hair. 

Before I arrived my wife asked, "How did you hear about this place?" I said "Yelp." She said "Well, what do the pictures make it look like?" I said "I didn't see any pictures." This should have been my first clue. As it turns out, there is a reason there are no pictures.

Long story short, this place is a dump. It reminded me of my college dorm minus the fun. It is old and dingy. I think when they chose to call it a boutique hotel, they meant to say antique. The rooms are small, dark and loud (window units...that's right...window units). It was hot as hell in the hallway and the bathroom (no window unit in the bathroom). Come to think of it, my college dorm bathroom was bigger. 

When I checked in, the first words from the guy at the reception desk were "I hope you weren't planning to eat." Not "Welcome to the Alexander Inn" or "How was your trip in?" He looked exactly like the guy with the combover in Scary Movie. Kind of acted like him, too. In a word, creepy.

My first and prevailing thought as I was getting settled in at the Alexander Inn was "Please dear God let there be rooms available tomorrow morning at the Four Seasons."

And that's what I did. I lied and said we had a family emergency and hightailed it to the 4 Seasons the next day.

Don't know what I was thinking but I will now look at Yelp 4 star hotels a lot closer.

Frowny face
I count myself as a very easy hotel guest but I had a lot of requests of the Alexander Inn. I'm currently breastfeeding and I was there without my baby so that meant a lot of pumping. There are no refrigerators in the rooms but the management went above and beyond to accommodate my needs. They kept my ice pack in their freezer and my milk in the fridge. It meant coming home with a full supply of milk after my trip. 

Additionally, I left my dress (that had gotten sopping wet in the rain) hanging to dry and forgot it when I left the hotel. When I called, they found the dress and are having it fedex to me. 

The hotel room was clean and pleasant but the customer service puts it over the top. I would stay here again. They also have discounted garage parking available. They have free internet and continental breakfast and the neighborhood is quiet and easy walking distance to great restaurants.
If you are looking for staff that are extremely unprofessional, this would be the place.  

Having stayed at this establishment before, I decided to book a 3 night stay there for a conference.  When I booked, the staff member said "Great, that means we're sold out and I get a bonus".  Sounds good to me, as I want the little guy to make as much money as possible.  After all, who needs another Hilton? The staff member informed me on August 8th, that my reservation for November 17th, 18th, and 19th (3 months in advance) was all set; however, on the 19th I would have to downgrade to smaller room.  I was content, and he informed me to keep calling and checking to see if a larger room would become available in the next few months.  I did, and until 2 days prior they confirmed that no other room was available, so I'd be switching. 

On November 17th, I checked in with the night guy and confirmed that no room had opened up, and I was still going to change for the third night.  He had even mentioned the note on my account for that day requesting a larger room on my reservation.

The morning of November 19th rolls around and I'm ready to switch rooms/check out of the larger room and I approach the desk where an employee and either the General Manager (or owner?) were sitting.  They then informed me that I no longer had a room. That is, i had NO PLACE TO STAY. In the most unprofessional way possible, the manager told me "My job is like counting goose eggs, it's really hard to make sure they all line up".  NOW, I'm not general manager or owner of a small B&B; however, I'm pretty sure it's not THAT complicated to make 1 reservation for 1 room and NOT overbook. He then became extremely defensive and said "Well where's your confirmation email?"  Really?  I have been a loyal customer for a year now visiting multiple times and this is how you treat a repeat client.  I was visibly upset, and no one at the Alexander Inn seemed to care! On a weekend where I was at a convention of an additional 12,000 people, on top of the Philadelphia Marathon, finding a hotel seemed like a nightmare.  Luckily, they were so nice as to find me a hotel that was $100.00 more a night.  Something I had not planned on. Best part, there was never an apology- the GM or owner simply pretended that this establishment did NOTHING wrong.  

Moral of this story- don't stay there!  In a moment, they will not honor your reservation and leave you high and dry in a city with no one to blame but you (for not have a confirmation email)  Shame on You, Alexander Inn.
I think for the price, location, and friendly service, I was very happy with the Alexander Inn and would whole-heartedly recommend it. I don't usually review hotels as much, since, when I pick one, it's usually with an eye towards finding somewhere sufficient to sleep. But there are little touches here and there that show a real heart and soul that might otherwise be lacking in, say, a Marriott or Hilton. Also, if you're an architecture buff, you'll get a kick out of the stained glass windows and the marble floor patterns. 

Location: Super convenient. You're right in the middle of Center City with a ton of coffee shops and restaurants within walking distance; Reading Market is only 10 minutes away. We stayed during the week so can't say what the noise level is like on the weekends but, even though we were on the third floor, we slept pretty soundly. 

Room: My only two nits are that the mattress was extremely firm (I don't mind hard beds but I woke up the second morning with a pretty tender back) and the layout of the bathroom had the toilet two inches at nose-level away from the sink. 

Amenities: I definitely partook in the free snacks throughout the day (mostly fruit and breakfast pastries). The complimentary breakfast was also way more plentiful and varied - I had assumed there would be lukewarm eggs and small boxed cereals but they had sliced grapefruit, a few kinds of granola, yogurt, Danishes, and bagels. The WiFi is free and I appreciated how you didn't have to log-in every few hours, though it was a bit spotty during some parts of the day. 

Service: Couldn't be friendlier. Had umbrellas on hand for a very drizzly day. Lugged up a space heater when our room was a little on the chilly side. The manager came around during breakfast just introducing himself and seeing if anyone needed more coffee. They'll also store your bags for when you check out but your train/plane doesn't leave for another few hours.
We arrived here on New Years Eve and were greeted by the very friendly hotel operators/owners. They allowed us to check in early and  were very grateful for our business. 

Here is my take:

Pros:
Location 
Location 
Location
Price 
Clean
Friendly staff 
Safe area
Great restaurants nearby

Cons:
Small bathrooms
A bit chilly in the rooms but heaters are provided.
No parking.
You can hear footsteps from above but not really a problem. 
Corner of the bed frame will break your shins if you are not careful.
One-ply toilet paper but it saves toilet from clogging. 
Slow elevator - but the steps are more healthy for you!

I liked this place buy my partner did not really care for it. It is not a Marriott or a Ritz, but it is basically a very nice, 5 story motel. I can't really call it a "boutique" but just a nice, classic hotel. I would recommend it - unless you are used to a full-service, high-end hotel as my partner is.
On July 3 I called to make a reservation at The Alexander for the following Saturday.  I spoke to John, we discussed room location (and the lantern festival ending that weekend.  John helped me select a room and verbally confirmed my booking for next Saturday, checking out Sunday.

When we came to check in just after 4pm Byron could not find our reservation.  I told him I had booked it on the phone with John but he could not find it.  I recalled I had gotten an email confirmation so I opened the email and showed him my phone.  Byron was puzzled as well and could not figure out where our reservation was.  That is when opening the attached PDF it was discovered John had booked a room for the following year, 2020, in error.

Byron said the Inn was booked but there were two people who had not yet checked in, plus room 503 was empty but he was not sure if he could book us there. He texted and called John as well as maintenance to check the status of room 503 and he assured us not to worry, one way or another we would have a room that night.

We stopped back in 2 hours later when I had not heard back, and he told us there was still one room without a check in, and he had not heard back about 503, but he could put us up in a Rodeway Inn if those did not work out.  I looked up the Rodeway Inn and it was not comparable to The Alexander Inn.  I told him that and he called a few places that were all booked, until he reached the Fairfield Inn which is just down the block, they had availability.  Byron said he would put us up there if room 503 or the other room without a check in did not work out.  We left for dinner confident that Byron would get us a room for the night as promised.

At 8:35pm Byron texted me saying room 503 could not be rented, our "best bet" was the Fairfield Inn, but "we don't have a relationship with this hotel" -- basically saying we were on our own.  We called Byron and asked to speak to a manager, he said he would have a manager call us back.

An hour passed and at roughly 9:30 we called Byron again and were told that  it was our mistake for not opening the PDF attached to the email confirmation to notice the date was 2020 instead of 2019, and there was nothing he could do for us.

At that point I checked the Rodeway... while I was not happy with a poorly rated hotel I did not want to pay $300+ for the Fairfield Inn.  The Rodeway was sold out.

We were left without a room at almost 10pm at night.

I am EXTREMELY disappointed that this is how The Alexander Inn treats customers.  It was their error booking a room in the wrong year, not mine.  I did not open the PDF the attached to their confirmation to notice 2020 instead of 2019, but to blame your error on me is horrible customer service.

I had sincerely hoped for an apology... that a manager would call back or even email.  Ignoring our request for a call added insult to injury.  We have stayed at The Alexander Inn before, and we are big believers in supporting independent businesses and the "little guys".  I am very saddened and disappointed with their service, lack of concern that we were left without a room, and failure to respond or even apologize.

As a last ditch effort for an apology I emailed them the above on July 19 but did not get any response.  SO disappointing!
Thank you, fellow Yelp-ers!  You are the reason my husband and I gave the Alexander a whirl on a spontaneous drive down to Philly from Boston.  I made my reservations just two days in advance, and we did have to switch rooms one time during a three night stay.  So, I advise you to book early, as the Alexander gets full pretty quickly.  The decor is beautiful, the staff is very friendly and helpful, and the place is clean and quiet.  For the location, it is a total steal.  We paid $159 for the first night and $119 for the next two nights.  Our first night was in a more deluxe room with a mini fridge, and our next two nights were in a more basic room.  Either way, a total bargain!  Breakfast is Danish, bagels, fruit, muffins, cereal, pretty ordinary stuff, but note that the coffee is wonderful!  And the Alexander thoughtfully leaves snacks in the great room all day so you can grab a piece of fruit as a pick me up while you are running all around wonderful Philadelphia.  We found it easy to walk to the Museum of Art, all the historic stuff, shopping, the trolley stop, Visitors' Center, etc.  We did not need our car at all, which was parked safely in a garage nearby.
Great location.  Cute boutique hotel with surprisingly low rates for Center City.  

Our room was small but fit our needs perfectly.  It had a pretty bay window and nice blinds overlooking the street.  We had an iron/board and hair dryer, in-room safe.  The room was an accessible room with large doors and a desktop that folds against the wall. (Though I don't think a wheelchair-bound person would be able to access the closet with the bed in the way.)

The breakfast downstairs was generous, and we had comfy seats and tables, not just a table with donuts on-the-go.  They even left fruit and some pastries in the lobby for round-the-clock snacks.

Staff were friendly and helpful.  They held our bags until 8pm on the day we checked out so that we didn't have to lug them around the city.  Very nice.

Overall, we loved the Alexander Inn.  It will be our first choice next time we visit Philly.
I was back in Philly for Penn reunion and some friends reserved a bunch of rooms at the Alexander Inn- I had no expectations as I was just happy to be staying at the same place as my friends for convenience in making plans while there. 

I normally don't like old style boutique hotels- but Alexander Inn was perfect. The rooms were small but clean and had everything you need (and the windows open- which I LOVE, because you can get real fresh air, not the over air-conditioned kind I'm used to at large hotels...then again, it was cool and fresh outside, so it was nice- not sure how I'd feel in the middle of a muggy summer stay).  Staff was very friendly- they checked us in early and let us stay a bit late as we were a bit behind in checking out.  They were also helpful when my earring fell in a nook in the floor (offering duct tape and other suggestions to get it out). 

They have complimentary breakfast until noon (fruit, cereal, bagels, muffins) and they keep some stuff out all day and night (or we were just lucky to find a big corn muffin and bagel upon stumbling into our hotel at 3am looking for a quick bite to eat). That itself earns this hotel a star.

Oh, and did I mention this hotel is extremely reasonable? And the location of the hotel is awesome. Trendy restaurant/bar, Tria is literally across the street, and the neighborhood is tree-lined and cute. Easy walking distance from downtown and only 20 blocks to Penn campus. Highly recommend this place if you like older, boutique style hotels (and spend more time walking around enjoying the city rather than camping out in your hotel all day).
I have to say this hotel is a gem. Its not huge and the rooms are on the small side however if you been to Philly before you know building here aren't huge.
If you drive here there is an unloading zone across from the hotel where you can park for 15 mins to check in and drop off your luggage. They will tell you to park your car two blocks away at a lot where you will get a discount. Its $15 per day which will be charge to your room (you cant come in and out)
This hotel is very clean and the rooms have everything you need. One thing I loved was that they had complimentary breakfast until 12pm which is great since I'm not a morning person.
The people that worked there were nice and helpful if you have a question.
This hotel is walking distance to most places and is in a great area.
Yelp pulls through yet again ---- 

I was looking for a weeknight hotel, close to Jefferson University Hospital last summer... I am a huge fan of boutique hotels and the reviews here were all 4 or 5 stars... and that means one thing....  this place is actually legit and it was!  

The staff here was extremely friendly -- they gave me directions for walking to and from places close by, as well as a map to the parking garage ( $10 or $15 charged to your room) nearby.    

My room was quaint and served the purpose....  everything was clean and quiet...  I had a nice view of buildings close by.  

There was a continental breakfast that was offered the next morning and someone greeting guests, to ensure their night's stay and hotel experience was pleasurable.  

The price for the location was unbeatable.   I would recommend this to anyone looking for hotel in this neighborhood...

I am actually planning a weekend trip back to Philly and will be staying here again!
Value is important to me. 'Am I getting my money's worth' is foremost in mind when I write reviews. This Inn was a decent place for the price if you plan to be out exploring most of the day. I don't think these rooms are intended for lounging. Nice "concrete jungle" views from 7th floor. Free continental breakfast in the Great Room was a nice touch. Staff was friendly & informative. Walking distance from nightclubs, bars, ice cream parlor & almost anything else you can think of. 4 stars only because parking  is expensive & too far while carrying luggage/bags etc.
Needed to stay in Philadelphia for one night and was turned off by some of the crazy prices at some other hotel establishments so I decided to stay at the Alexander Inn. It definitely has an older feel to it. The room was fairly small, but had everything you would need. The room was quiet which was exactly what I needed and I just slept the whole night through. The employees are extremely nice and probably was the best part of the place. I would definitely stay here again.
The Alexander Inn was the first place in Philadelphia where I stay when in town. I love the place.

I originally chose The Alexander Inn as an alternative to a big conference hotel a few years back.  I enjoy staying away from the conference hotel, so that I can relax and un-plug. I also looked to support a Gay-owened business.  Since then, I've not stayed anywhere else.

The Inn is an historic building, with many beautiful architectural details. Our house was building 1918, so we felt at home with the creaky and narrow staircase.  Don't worry - there's an elevator!  Tiled floors, coved ceilings, detailed woodward and leaded glass make the public spaces at The Alexander Inn something special. This feels like an authentic decor - not one re-purposed for 2013.

The rooms are efficient. I find that there's a way to maximize using the space. When I arrive, I immediately raise the blinds and crack open the window: It makes the room seem larger, and gives me a sense of the community.

The rooms at the corners of the buildings have a bit more space, with loads of windows.  

If you're driving in, parking is $15/night - charged to your room. You'll arrive on 12th street, and park in the loading zone on your right.  Philly is STRICT when it comes to parking, so obey the 15 minute limit in the loading zone.  The guys a the Alexander Inn will give you a map to the nearby parking garage.  After unloading your bags, park at the garage and walk the few blocks back to the Inn.  When you check out, the staff will give you a card that you will use to pay for your car on the way out of the garage.

There's something 'right' about this place.  Don't expect the snotty hyper-glossy world of the impersonal hotels downtown - get a real experience here.

If you're Gay:  This place is a must. It's right in the Gayborhood - within walking distance to all of the community shops, restaurants and night spots.  No cab needed for the few blocks you'll walk home.

If you're straight:  That's cool, too.  This neighborhood is Gay, but it's warm and diverse.  You (and your family) will blend right in.
Finding a hotel in a city you've never been to is always difficult. You have to go off reviews (at least in my eyes), I found the Alexander online when searching for hotels in good walkable areas and started to see the amazing reviews pouring out of my computer. So I'm glad that across channels this place was voted one of the best. I was looking for something affordable, with charm, and a good vicinity. 

When driving into the city, we googled where the parking was vs the hotel. We checked to see if our room was ready - it was not, which I suspected but they offered to hold them for us at the front desk so we could go out and sightsee and not have to carry our bags. By the time we parked across the street (20 minute loading lane), and came in - our room was ready! 

The place is small, about 6 floors, the rooms are not huge - we had a small corner room, full sized bed. The shower was handicap which I didn't mind - and there was plenty of storage. There is a TV mounted in the upper corner, didn't put it on. The views are great. The place is quaint, clean, and charming. It had a lot of personaility. It was homey without being outdated. 

The owners/managers were so helpful. If you have any questions they will help you get to where you need to be. In the morning they have a full continental breakfast which is surprisingly unexpected for such a small establishment, granolas, cereals, fruit, and pastries. And of course juice and coffee. 

There was a small gym in the basement which has just enough if you're looking to get a workout in while you're in town. 

For the price and location, I give this place 5+ stars. I loved everything about it.
No issues staying here, staff was nice, & breakfast included (limited breakfast offerings, but included croissants from an excellent bakery nearby).  Room was cozy, hotel was nicely kept.  Building was a historical landmark, & in a decent area of downtown Philly.  My only complaint was that the tv was the size of a computer monitor.  Hotel rate was very affordable.
I suppose I could wait until checking out to write this review, but I am exploding to talk about how floored I am by this hotel.

This is our second stay on this trip, and having stayed in two different rooms here in the course of two weeks, I am in a better position than usual to say that Alexander Inn is consistently good. 

First, this is no substitute for a luxury hotel. There's no doorman, widescreen plasma television, in-house restaurant, or customizable pillows. There are only 9 floors, so you can't look forward to breathtaking views. And don't expect a turn-down service or bellhop. Still, Alexander Inn is far from basic, and left me most impressed. I don't usually do pro/con lists, but if I don't, I'll go on forever, so here it is.

+ Simply but tastefully furnished and decorated everywhere. It kind of reminded me of Starbucks, if Starbucks was a boutique hotel. There is plenty of fabulous artwork (but honestly, I don't really get the one on top of the breakfast buffet).

+ Clean and quiet with jazz music in the lobby and near the elevators. (On my second stay, my room was close enough that I could hear very soft music while in the bathroom.)

+ Free WiFi in every room, and free use of the two computers on the lower floor. They will even print your itineraries and tickets for free. (The WiFi stopped working for me at one point, so they reset the router and it started up again right away.)

+ Complimentary continental breakfast in the lobby every morning. There are many different kinds of breads and bagels, waffles, cereals, various condiments and spreads, a huge and varying assortment of pastries, yogurt, coffee and many different types of tea, orange and apple juices, grapefruit halves, and whole pieces of fruit (apples and bananas). The fruit and pastries are there 24 hours a day. 

+ A simple fitness center with all the basic equipment most people use at the gym. It's separated from the computers by a low wall, so if you have some way of combining the two amenities, you're in luck.

+ Genuinely friendly staff who have good knowledge of the area and clearly enjoy their jobs.

+ Wonderful location in a safe neighborhood close to Philadelphia's main attractions and public transportation. Many dining options and bars in close proximity. There are also a few synagogues within walking distance, which is why we picked this location.

+ In-room safe that's free to use and fits a laptop. 

+ Consistent pricing and unbeatable value for money. Right now in winter, rooms are between $99 and $129 per night, depending on the bed configuration. 

- The beds. They're comfortable if you like a firm mattress, and have ample underbed storage, but my 6'4" boyfriend complained that his feet were hanging off the edge. We were sharing a double bed, so perhaps the queens are longer. If you're quite tall and aren't into sleeping in the fetal position, or if you need a soft bed, this could be a big con.

- There's only one elevator, and it's small and kind of slow. A couple of times it opened to the maid (edit: with her cart), and I don't think we all could have squeezed in, so we waited for it to come by again. With the nice decor and music and a bench to sit on, the wait wasn't frustrating, but could have been if we were in a rush. Psychologically, I think waits are only really frustrating when there are multiple elevators and none of them come through for you.

- Smallish bathrooms, dark inside the combined shower and bath. But they're clean and designed efficiently, and the adjustable shower head provides very decent water pressure.

- Too few power outlets, and inconveniently located.

- No mini-fridge.

Neither here nor there: While the hotel is definitely in the heart of the Gayborhood, there was no distinctly "gay presence" (at least not one that I noticed), so don't let your heterosexuality deter you from checking in. If you're homophobic, don't come here. Don't even come to Philly. Just stay at home.

In all, I'm being persnickety with the cons, because all round you really can't do better than Alexander Inn. Since it looks like I'm moving to Philadelphia, I won't hesitate recommending it to visitors. I can't imagine anyone being disappointed with this hotel.
A very nice botique hotel. 

No this is not the Doubletree, the rooms are different sizes, but all (well we looked at two as we reserved one for my wife and I and one for my Father-in-law) seem well laid out. I kind of prefer floorplans that obviously work with the architecture of the building and not just try to carve out cookie cutter boxes. 

It is in a great neighborhood. 12th and Locust is the epicenter of the gayborhood in Philly so if you are gay (I am not) it might be a very great place to visit. However, even if you are not partaking of the love that dare not speak its name, you are right in the middle of great restaraunts, fantastic bars, and close to both old city to the east, many cultural points to the west, the museum district to the north, and south philly, well, to the south. 

The staff are great, friendly, non-pretensious, always eager to help. 

Rooms are very comfortable. Bathroom was a little small, but hey, who cares? Great beds, and they obviously take great care with the linnens. Like sleeping on a big awesome cloud.

Price is reasonable. Parking is available in a garage about two blocks away, with a voucher. Reasonable for Philly.

If you want to stay somewhere with a little more personality than one of the chains in a great neighborhood, and have a tight base of operations to explore Philadelphia, I highly reccomend this Inn.
I have so much to say about this place so I'll keep it brief and concise. Also, I watch a lot of Hotel Impossible so I might be pickier. 

Pros:
(1) Discounted Parking - it's VERY hard finding street parking and at a rate of $0.25 per 5 minutes, it's worth parking your car at a lot. Alexander Inn has a deal with a lot three blocks north for discounted parking at $15 per entry. Once you park, you can leave your car in the lot up to 24 hours (so you can check out of the inn, drop your stuff off in your car, and tour the city before the 24 hours since time of car entry is up). 
(2) Kitchen Staff and Front Desk Clerk - enthusiastic kitchen staff is friendly and helpful. He does a good job with the breakfast station. Check in and check out went smoothly.
(3) Free breakfast - good variety. 
(4) Location - safe neighborhood with many coffee shops close by and Tria Cafe at the opposite corner.

Cons: 
(1) Cleanliness - the toilet had fecal residue so I can only deduce that the cleaning staff cut corners. Strange though that the hotel wreaked of bleach. Dust over headboard and under the heating vents. I also found a strand of hair in the bed that didn't belong to me so I assumed that the beds were dirty and sheets possibly unchanged. I slept on top of sheets with a hoodie on.
(2) Shower - don't know why we were given a handicap accessible room on floor 7. The shower had a thin strip of plastic that was meant to keep the water from flooding the rest of the bathroom. The whole bathroom was filled with a pool of water at the end of every shower. I had to brush the water into the drain with a towel to prevent water from seeping out of the bathroom into the room. It was impossible not to get wet sock even after soaking up all the water.
Fabulous service and extremely reasonable rates, especially considering the Alexander Inn's lovely location.

Were it not for the bbq potato chip that sprang from in between the coverlet and the blanket as I prepared to slip into bed, I'd have given this small hotel five stars.
We were looking for a central place to stay for an impromptu few days in Philly.. and lucked into this gem of a hotel. The reviews we read said that the stay was great but that the rooms are small. The rooms are larger than any hotel we stayed in in Europe and are comparable to the chain hotels like a Hilton or a Hyatt.. so I don't know what palatial places the other are staying in, but our room was ample, clean and well appointed.
The staff were all friendly and very helpful.
The best part was the location. Walking distance to everything we wanted to see and in a beautiful neighborhood with all the amenities we could have hoped for.
I highly recommend this hotel for family, single or a romantic getaway.
I have a very interesting story as to why I give Alexander Inn five stars that could very easily have been a one star story. 

I arrived for a two night stay as I was on a business trip. I purposefully got a single room, knowing it would be small but affordable. It was both and my expectations were set accordingly. The room felt cozy but smelled of cleaning solution which was in wet patches on the floor. I passed this off as a cleaning staff faux pas in removing a stain, opened a window and slept comfortably the first night.

When I woke in the morning, it was very clear to me that parts of the bathroom had not been cleaned and I am putting this in a nice way. It was pretty bad. I called the front desk immediately and they sent someone up to help me. I left for my meeting and let them go to it.

An hour or so later I received a call from the owner, explaining that the cleaners had clearly made a mistake and spilled chemicals and they were going to upgrade my room. We had a very nice conversation and I felt in all the staff was overly attentive.

The new room was beautiful with great big rounded windows. I was quite shocked at the difference between the two rooms and happy that they had done the fair thing. 

I also ended up getting a massive cold on the trip and was very happy to spend my second day and night in Philly eating pizza, drinking Emergen-C with champagne and resting in my great big room.

The breakfast was suitable and the gym and computer station were quiet clean and in good working order.  I would definitely go there again.
An older hotel in the heart of Philadelphia. I knew before checking in that my room would be small from photos. I had a room with one twin bed, that was pushed against the wall. The room was long and thin, yet I still had plenty of room. Despite the small size, there was still a chair and a small table in the back near the window, a spacious closet, and a dresser. 

The bathroom was tiny as well. A small sink, a toilet, and a shower. The shower had great water pressure, which was a breath of fresh air considering other hotels I've stayed in in the past. 

One thing I didn't like was the TV is on top of the closet. Too high. Made watching TV awkward. The other way that they lock the front entrance door at night and you have to ring the doorbell to be let in. Minority things, but a little annoying anyway. 

Overall, I enjoyed my stay and would have no problem staying there again.
This place is great. I'm writing this review as I'm lying in bed. Pretty close to a lot of things and rates are wnderful. The wifi at first was a bit slow but it got better over time. I think this place is better than some rooms that I've stayed at in SF and NY. I parked on 11th for $17 for 24 hr.
This is OUR place to stay in Philadelphia. We only live about 40 minutes away in Trenton NJ, but we stay here at least 2-3 times a year. The location is stellar, walking distance to most Philly sights and restaurants, the rooms are comfortable and clean, the continental breakfast is a good way to start the day. But best of all, the service and the people. 
John, the manager, ALWAYS, makes us feel like family. We never consider staying at any other hotel.
This hotel wins against all other bargain accommodations in Philadelphia.  

Location: fantastic.  
Hotel staff: friendly.  
Antique inspired decor: charming.
Room condition:  clean and odorless.
Price:  A STEAL.

Win, win, win, win, and win.

The room was tiny and a stark contrast to where we were the night before (at the Sofitel), but it was almost just as comfortable for A FRACTION of the price.  

And for a 2-star Inn, it was better than some of the 3-star places I've been and paid 3-4x more for.
Really impressed with the service here.  Stop by the front desk and see for yourself.  The hotel itself is charming, love the lobby area and seating, it's a great place to read a book.  The continental breakfast in the morning is pretty good, there are hard boiled eggs for example, and they leave pastries, fruits and some teas 24/7.  I can only speak for my room but it was very small with a twin bed, although very nice and I was on the 7th floor with a beautiful view of the city.  The neighborhood, if you aren't familiar is called "Gayborhood" so I was a little cautious about loud partying; although there were a few bars in the area I didn't hear or run into anyone obnoxious.  It's a clean and great area, very convenient.
The Alexander Inn wants to be 5 stars really bad but it falls short for a few minor issues. I would seriously let someone punch me in the face for free daily parking in this part of Philly.   :-X

As always i like to start with the good, the staff was very friendly and patient with my questions prior to arrival. The location was very close to the Philly Convention Center and the room was affordable (after taxes it was about $160 per night).

Cleanliness is the name of the game and despite actively searching for something to dislike the room was clean as could be. Nice job!!

A quaint feeling inside, it felt European almost. 

Just a few things are holding back a 5* rating. NOTE: before reading these please realize this place was dam good. Very much 4/5 stars so don't get side tracked by the list of 'eh' items. 

1) The rooms were extremely small. I'm not a person who needs a ton of space and still i had issues with the size.
2) They work with a parking garage about 4 blocks away. You get a special rate but MAKE SURE to talk to the person at the hotel desk. 
3) Continental breakfast was cold food only. (It was 'free' though!)
4) The internet stayed connected for only 30 minute sessions at a time.
5) The exercise room had one treadmill from the 80's Not much to work with. 
6) The Heat/AC unit was difficult to operate. 

For the price i would definitely satay here again, the friendly staff and the cleanliness really made it worth while!
Sorry, but I'm going to be the dissenter here. This place sucks. And it's 2am and I can't sleep, so I won't be holding back.

The AC unit in our room is very loud. We've tried adjusting it all sorts of ways but it keeps making a very loud clicking sound, and neither of us can sleep. I called the desk to see if they have earplugs, and they don't. I then mentioned the AC, and they said if I don't like the AC I can turn it off. Since it's 90 degrees out, I found that quite dismissive and rude.

In addition to the AC issue, these have got to be the worst pillows I've ever encountered, They're small, flat, and hard. My neck is already sore and I've only been trying to sleep a couple hours.

Sure, this place is pretty cheap and has a gym and breakfast and blah blah blah. But I really couldn't care less about any of that when I can't sleep in my room.

Update with the full pro and con list:
Pro:
Affordable.
Daytime front desk staff is friendly.
Lots of power outlets in the room.
Decent wireless Internet coverage.
Decent continental breakfast.
Bananas in the one room all day long.

Cons:
It's just bananas, seriously. It's not a full snack bar or something.
Pillows are like stones.
A/C is very loud and not in a constant, soothing, way.
Nighttime front desk staff is rude.
No microwave.
No mini-fridge (this is a bigger inconvenience than you might think).
Ice bucket has no lid so it all melts right away.
Ice machine turns out nearly melted ice to begin with.
The shower has no real division between it and the rest of the bathroom, so every time you shower it floods the bathroom floor.
Single-ply toilet paper.
The main light in the bathroom was one of those heater-lights intended for use in the winter, and I was there in the summer.
One elevator for 7 floors which is basically tied up full-time all afternoon with the cleaning staff using it.
Parking is several long blocks away - like 1/4 mile.
Very comfortable rooms. I was lucky enough to get a street side room with a nice view of the trees and architecture of adjacent buildings. Bathrooms were spotless and looked newly renovated compared to older parts of the building. Continental breakfast wasn't bad, either. My favorite part was the hospitality and the price. This hotel is convenient for local bar-hopping in the Gaybarhood, Convention Center and local transit. Taxis were abundant in this area. The location seemed rather safe compared to other areas of Philadelphia.
I would highly recommend the Alexander Inn. It's a small, very clean and unique place. The rooms are very small but have everything you need. The bathrooms are large and the soap they supply smells like oranges - yum.
Great continental breakfast, small workout room with everything you need and the staff was extremely friendly & knowledgable. The location is in a great neighborhood within walking distance to some truly excellent restaurants. The Inn has access to a parking garage that's only a couple blocks away. It does cost extra to park, but they have a discounted garage rate which adds up quickly.
I would definitely stay here again :)
As a good friend was in town from overseas for the weekend, I decided it would appropriate to hang downtown rather than do the drive back and forth several times and/or couchsurf. It was a great decision, as not only did that allow for much, much more fun to occur, I also got to find my new favorite hotel in Philly, the Alexander Inn.

It would be easy enough to drive right past and not notice, as it isn't a towering skyscraper with its name emblazoned in giant letters on the side. Just a simple awning. I like that! The interior is cozy and warm...feels lived-in but is also very clean. Many modern hotel lobbies almost feel like a train station, but not here. Check-in was painless and then it was up to the room...small, but tidy and comfortable. Almost felt more like a home as opposed to a sterile hotel. On the fifth floor there was a great view...Billy Penn, Liberty towers, etc. Nice!

They serve continental breakfast every morning, which is always a nice touch. For those expecting a mini-fridge, coffee maker, etc. you may be let down, but since the Inn is in such a great location you have no reason to be eating in your room...just walk outside!

Every staff member encountered was extremely friendly and helpful, and there was not one hitch...well, one, and that is why a star is deducted. The website makes it a point to mention that the rooms are "soundproofed", but I awoke early one morning to a very loud conversation that sounded like it was happening right in our room. At first I thought the TV turned itself on (and loud)...but nope. Not sure where it was coming from, either (above? below?), but it went on FOREVER and kinda speedbumped a necessary rest. Perhaps this isn't an issue in all rooms, but it is worth mentioning.

Still, I would stay here again in a heartbeat, and have already recommended the Alexander to friends. It is my favorite place to stay in Philly, no contest!
If you are having guests in town, certainly have them stay here. Not only is the price only about 100 per night (considering the location that is phenomenal), the staff is incredibly caring and the continental breakfast is decent.

My fathers only complaint: "boutique" means individual rooms do not have control of the temperature of the room. I told him to call the front desk and request another blanket.
Stayed there over night...must say the room was attractive and comfortable and the customer service is great!
Not far from the Attractions but still in the middle of a quaint funky area
Lots of restaurants to explore!
In August 2004, I decided to leave my husband and impulsively packed a bag & decided to check into a hotel. Somehow, I randomly ended up at the Alexander in. I think I liked the sign. I don't know why I ended up there.

After a wonderful 3 day stay at the Alexander Inn, I realized I can't afford to stay in a hotel forever so I went back to my husband. (I did finally leave the guy for good in December, 2004). 

To this day, I credit the Alexander for saving my life by planting the seed that I could leave my low-life ex. I've been back there several times since.

I could write about the rooms or the lovely Continental breakfast (which is quite generous by hotel standards), but I'll let the other reviewers do that.

I wanted to share a more personal story.
This was an excellent Hotel and Experience.  An older building that has been completely renovated with an eye for detail.  The rooms were smaller (Historical Building?) but very cozy and very clean.  The Continental breakfast was very good and there were snacks throughout the day.  The Staff was caring and knowledgable with handy suggestions and maps for the area.  This Hotel was Definitely a highlight of my vacation.  I will recommend this to everyone I know and will hopefully be back!!!
Reading the reviews, and living the experience is a completely different story. I have visited a few time, and have previously enjoyed my stay there. The rooms are on the really small side, but if your looking just to sleep then it's good. 
For me I enjoy a bed that's a little softer as it feels like I'm sleeping on a stone slab, the billows were hard, and you could tell that the fabric on the bedding was cheap by the feel of it. The breakfast offered a decent verity with a nice late breakfast.  So here's what I loath. I had food in my room since the snack bar is left over breakfast stuff that sits out all night long. Eww!  So about 2:30-3 I was awaken to mice dancing loudly in my pizza box like it was an all you can eat buffet, that to me was beyond disgusting. It was like 5 little baby mice a little bigger than a quarter. One I can deal with, but I didn't pay for my room to be a soup kitchen for rodents. I came down with box in hand and one of the critters with it. The front desk guy apologized and said he was able to relocate me. Great, after being in my room 2days I was comfortable. Now I had to pack everything up make sure I wasn't taking any guests with me and move. 

So I went to the new room which was a little more spacious, I got settled and relaxed and used the bathroom... What do I find... Pubes on the floor, and they weren't mine as I'm bald down there! Feeling skeeved  out I now feel I need a shower. Pull back the shower curtain, and bam let click it up a notch. A ring around the Rosie. It looked like someone bathed in the tub that hadn't washed in months. The ring was beige almost yellow. 

At that point I just wanted to get up and go. So I did. NEVER EVER again!
thank you fellow yelpers, i discovered this place and stayed here based on all the great reviews. the staff was super awesome. like more awesome than awesome could want to be. room was on the small side, but the overall awesomeness more than made up for it; super location, we walked everywhere from here. they serve breakfast in the morning, and it's not just junk stale pastries from costco, it's a whole spread of juice, coffee, tea, HOT CHOCOLATE, fruit, yogurts, oatmeal, granola, bagels, english muffins, and waffles. seriously. miss piggy here helped herself to breakfast so much that we were late to the airport and missed our plane. true story. god i love this place.  oh yeah, free wireless in their computer room/gym, free printing for tickets/boarding passes.  AND their vending machines have the best candy stock i've ever seen!!
Adorable, historic building; Financially reasonable; Building and rooms well maintained; Excellently located to all major sites & restaurants.
Superb small gay-friendly hotel with breakfast included and a wonderful staff. Well located and not too costly.

This was our second stay: very comfortable and clean.
I've been staying in Philadelphia for a month on business and because of some last minute scheduling, we found the city hotels booked during the week of graduation.  One of my team found the Alexander Inn on the 'net and they had some limited availability for us.   
Just like the other reviews, the Alexander Inn is fantastic.  It's a charming building in the middle of Center City, surrounded by great streets with restaurants, coffee-houses, and some local bars.  The hotel itself was as charming inside as out and the staff was tremendously friendly and helpful.  I was in a larger room with two queen size beds and beautiful bow windows looking out over the city.  Everything was fresh and clean and quiet and I've slept great during my stay.  This Inn is highly recommended if you're staying over in Philadelphia and would be a great part of any trip.
Checked in for two long weekends about two months apart, and couldn't be more satisfied. The staff were all great and helpful, the rooms are smaller but cozy, and the location and price are perfect. It's in a great area within walking distance of most of the sights, and there are a ton of great choices for food and shopping all around it. There's also parking for $15 a day and complementary continental breakfast every morning, which only adds to the appeal. 

The first time we stayed, we had absolutely no issues, and everything was perfect. The second time, the lock on our door stopped working for some reason. We phoned the front desk and they sent the manager up to look at it himself. He couldn't get it to work, and we were really just expecting them to maybe fix it while we were out for the afternoon, which would have been totally fine, but they immediately switched us out to another room one floor up. I've never encountered hotel staff more helpful and courteous.  We'll probably make an excuse to visit again in the spring!
I booked a block of rooms here as well as some of the bigger hotels in philly for our guests at our daughter's wedding. The Alexander was by far the best experience when the guests compared notes- comfortable and clean rooms, courteous staff, wonderful complementary breakfast in a charming dining area at the hotel entrance, and Last but not least very affordable in an expensive city. It was the perfect place to steal away and get some rest during a hectic weekend. I will definitely book again- we are planning a philly family reunion at the Alexander!!!
This is a great place to stay. The staff is friendly and helpful. My partner and I came into the city to spend just one night and the Alexander is close to many restaurants and bars in the area. It is also just a quick walk to the train station as well, which is very convenient for me.
The manager on duty even gave us an upgrade room since a bigger room was available for the same price as I reserved. They have someone at the desk 24 hours which is nice as well. The rooms are very clean and comfortable.  We will definitely stay here again.
4.5
Take one part nostalgia, one part boutique-chic, a modicum of authentic retro with contemporary amenities, and add lots of class, charm, affability, courtesy and character. Include some architectural highlights (like leaded and stained glass windows), beautiful wood trim everywhere, radiating classic style and immersing you as if you've stepped back in time, and you have an idea of what The Alexander Inn holds in store.

From our warm and genial welcome to the always-ready-to assist personnel throughout and their attentiveness to every aspect of our stay - in and out of the building (as well as information about some special places and hidden gems around town) the Alexander's Innkeeper and his staff made our stay here seem more like home than a rental.

Be advised, the rooms are micro; ours had a comfortable Queen bed, small convertible bench-table, and just enough room on each side of the bed to walk by. The tiled shower had plenty of hot water and pressure to adjust to our liking. One small hitch - the sink's single stem water handle was quite stiff to pull and turn on / off, whereas an actual retro two-handle porcelain fitting would have better suited our needs.

The Continental breakfast in the small lounge was quite adequate, constantly monitored and restocked with bagels, English muffins, hard-boiled eggs, juice, coffee, tea, and fresh fruit. 

If you go, be sure to look for the 1930-40's original switchboard, with rotary dial and dozens of retractable cords that is displayed on different floors different days. Another "call back-throwback" in time.

There's free WiFi throughout the building and a small computer station near the modern exercise equipment in the basement.

If we were to return to Philly...no doubt we'd stay here again. It's very affordable, within easy (flat) walking distance to many historic sites, 2-3-4 star restaurants, parking facilities (no hotel parking provided), and easily accessible by SEPTA (bus-subway-rail) (or via Uber and taxis).
If you ever stay in Philly and are looking for a decent priced hotel, this is the place to go.  It's definitely not a 5 star hotel or anything.  Although it is a 5 star yelp review for its great customer service, location, and cleanliness. It's the in between of a hostel and a hotel.  The rooms are somewhat small, but it feels very homey and clean.  Parking is two blocks away and at a discounted rate. Walking distance to the Liberty Bell and many other places. Right around the corner is a grocery spot that makes fresh sandwiches, wraps, and hoagies, that are very good.  They even have a fresh complimentary continental breakfast.  Oh and did I mention a mini gym with two computers?  And... free wifi.
Cozy hotel in a very good location close to some of the most popular touristic attractions as well as excellent restaurants. 

The service was excellent; professional, nice, friendly... Rooms were cozy and had a more than decent size. 

Certainly I will consider it for my next visit to Philadelphia.
LIke this place a lot, it is elegant and the location is primo Philly.  I heard this was "the gayborhood" but it just feels like CC. The rooms are very small as in SRO small, but comfy, basically my bed WAS my room lol.  I know a lot of actors in NYC who live in this type of housing.  Great views from most rooms, helpful staff and a discount on parking that i always forget to take advantage of. 

They serve a breakfast that is simple, lots of cereals and danishes, but go across the street to Toast who serve amazing poached eggs with avocado and sprouts, yum.

I mostly like it for the guest profile, it is more adult than some hotels and everyone is so polite.
terrible,don't be black and stay here they are cheats and frauds.These freaks charged me for the whole room,and i only stayed for one hour after check in,they took the whole 137.00 and change off my visa,and to top it off i go outside to grab some drinks and get propositioned by a man dressed on womens clothing....one block away,rightfully so due to the fact out that I later found out through business associates, that this particular area is promonent for this type of activity,I am an Executive Chef of a reputable Corporation,distasteful and disgusted is the way I would describe my deameanor....never again.I am now moving forward with a criminal complaint,oh,and I was funded my money back from my bank not these characters,save your breath and the lung capacity for DoubleTree right around the corner,or splurge for the Mariott on Times Square N.Y.. make the trip and the mimosas are delectable
Beautiful building. Almost sound proof walls. The only noise I heard was someone in the adjacent room yelling (no idea why at midnight on a Friday night he decided to start yelling, but it was short lived, so I didn't complain). I couldn't hear anything through the walls up to that point, so I'd call that pretty sound proof. Especially for a hotel build in the late 1800's. Unfortunately there were also drunk people outside screaming as they walked down the street at bar closing time & constant car honks from the street below, which is also not the hotels fault, so no complaints there. Actually the only complaint was the mattress was too firm. We both woke with back and neck pain / tossed and turned all night. We told the front desk and within minutes a staff member was adding blankets and extra sheets under our fitted sheet to make the mattress more padded. We were informed all of the mattresses throughout the entire hotel were identical. Otherwise I'd give this boutique hotel a full five stars! They even have a free continental breakfast. It was just what we needed before our 9 mile walk around the city.
So business trips are never fun, especially when you have to fly across the country and back in less than 48 hours. I refused to stay at the airport hotels due to the lack of sleep and steep prices (I'm cheap, I think that's why my boss loves me). I relied on my yelpers and found this place. It's amazing. The location alone is worth it. It's in the middle of the trendy area and also gay area of Philly - translate: amazing restaurants and cool bars :)
The rooms are smallish but again, what do you need a big room for. The breakfast was OK - that's why I took 1 star off, I was really expecting a huge deal after all the great reviews. Overall I liked the service, the concierge was super friendly and funny and I will definitely stay here again when I have to fly to Philly.
I had a near perfect experience at the Alexander Inn. 

Pros:
The room was a perfect size for one person (who needs a King bed anyway?).
The staff was incredibly kind
Breakfast was perfect for me (thank you for having hard boiled eggs!)
Really well located. Even in subzero temps, I was able to walk to the convention center. 

Cons:
Bed was very hard and the sheets bunched up terribly. 
Couldn't control the heat in my room. Slept with the windows open and there was a lot of street noise. 

Sleep was tough because of the cons, but I know I don't sleep well, so this may not bother you. 

Next time I have a conference in Philly, I will definitely stay at the Alexander Inn!
The great: LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION

The good: Clean, neat, friendly staff

Tips: The rooms are smaller than they look online, and the breakfast isn't anything more than fruit and muffins, so if you want a hearty breakfast plan on eating elsewhere.

The less than great: Wifi is weak
Oh, Alexander Inn, how I wanted to love you.  

My husband is a native Philadelphian and desperately wanted to show me his city.  We decided to stay in Center City, so that I, a Texan, could experience the actual city first hand.  We did our research; read Yelp, Google and travel reviews for many, many hotels.   The Alexander Inn was glaringly favored as a Center City destination.  Booking.com found us a wonderful rate.  We were so prepared for a fabulous, boutique experience.  *sigh*

Warning #1:  If you are visiting the Alexander Inn during the summer, or when the temperatures are 90degrees +, please be aware this building has no central air conditioning.  If you are coming from the South, or other places where climate control is a priority, 90 degree temps + the Alexander Inn = not for you.  The common areas were stuffy and humid.  I could feel the heat weep OUT of the building when I opened the front door.  The 5th floor king room we were situated in had a tiny window unit that simply could not compete with the internal rising heat and outside temps.  

Warning #2:  The toilet area is...interesting.  While the bathtub was only 4' long (don't expect to soak anything but your legs) the water pressure was nice and the tub floor was not slickery like so many hotel tubs.  However, the toilet is situated directly across from the sink.  When I say directly, I mean, if you are on the toilet, you can, literally, rest your elbows on the sink basin.  Perhaps that's meant for drunkards, I don't know, but it's certainly not meant for chubby or fat people (like me) who need to be able to have a little space between the toilet and the sink.  

Warning #3:  This did not affect me, but please be aware, this facility is NOT ADA compliant.  The front entry has 4 steps and the breakfast area also has 4 more steps.  The bathroom in our room was certainly not wide enough to accommodate a wheelchair.

The service was fine.  Murray, the gentleman on duty when I realized our stay would be cut short, was kind enough to cancel our second night reservation without penalty.  We did not take part in the continental breakfast.  (Who wants to try to drink coffee in a sauna?)  

The bed and furniture were also fine, nothing to write home about.  A bit dated, in my opinion, especially for a hotel that presents as hip in online reviews. 

They do offer a discounted parking rate of $15 in a lot a few blocks away, however, there are NO in and out privileges (something I think should SERIOUSLY be mentioned on their website.)   So, that's $15 to park every time you leave and come back.
Comfortable, clean, and conveniently located.  And at $119 a night, it's also an exceptional value.

We stayed in a small room overlooking 12th street and were able to quickly walk to just about anything in downtown Philly, from historic to the hip.  Their breakfast is perfectly adequate, with everything you could reasonably require to get you going for the day...and there's a small coffee shop just down the block to cure any unrequited caffeine needs. 

The only negatives were the super hard pillows, non luxe bedding, and less than stellar housekeeping in the rooms.  But again, for $119 a night you can't complain too much.

But, On the whole I really enjoyed my stay and will definitely make the Alexander home base on my next visit.
This is a great hotel in a sweet neighborhood . 
While the rooms are small , they are clean and very quiet . We basically just slept and showered in our room anyway . The customer service was refreshing . Would certainly stay here again .
Quaint inn close to great attractions in Philly. Stayed 2 nights on my friends recommendation and so glad we did! Not a chain, in and out, vanilla place, the Alexander is very charming and warm. Staff are friendly and inviting and knowledgeable about the area. Rooms are clean and well maintained. Building has a history but that doesn't take away from modern day amenities. No mini fridge in our room but we never use it when we travel anyways. We LOVED that our windows open for fresh spring air this week. Breakfast was great! Big variety of cont breakfast and hours matched us well serving till 10:30am! They treat guests well :) will definitely stay again! There is a small gym and office space we checked out. Glad to know it's there if on biz.
Exceptional staff!
Very personable and helpful, had to extend my stay twice, and they were very accommodating. 
Smallish boutique hotel in downtown Philadelphia. Tons of great places to eat nearby. 
Apparently their prices are fixed. They don't change for seasons or special events!
The twin room is small but surprisingly functional. I actually preferred it to the standard queen I was upgraded to for my extension. For a single traveler, the twin is all u need, plus I had a better view. Speaking of, ask for a corner room, _01 or _02!
In conclusion,
I definitely recommend this spot.
Boutique hotel, I'm starting to realize, means a tiny room with great hotel staff. It's pretty centrally located by the theater arts district but was not expensive. The room itself was okay, could have stood a little more vaccuming at the wall edges, and had a cooling system with a very mystifying remote control and no instructions. We are two computer geeks and it took us a good 10 minutes of fiddling to get the thing running. The room smelled strongly of bleach when we arrived, though it dissipated later. There was a biggish dark spot on the carpet at the door, which said it could use a serious steam cleaning. 

On the good side, the staff were about as friendly and helpful as you'll ever see. The orange soap/amenities were really great. The building is a historic site and has some gorgeous woodwork and stained glass touches. Complimentary breakfast is included; nothing elaborate but not complete junk either.
This was a great find for us! We stayed in the combo room and although it was very small, it was cozy and comfortable. 
The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful.  
There was snow while we stayed and it was nice to walk into the hotel to a little fireplace each evening.  
Walking distance to lots of restaurants, sights, etc in the center city. 
Would stay here again for sure.
I was very pleased with this hotel. Even though, it is an older hotel which needs some updating, I would stay here again. My single room had it's own shower. Next time I'll ask for a bathtub, because I love to relax after a long day of site seeing. The room had plenty of storage space and it was actually bigger than I expected. While the air conditioner worked fine, it was noisy. I think it was about to give out.
The location is great for folks who don't mind walking.
I walked to the Reading Terminal and to South St. Which is not too far. I appreciated high quality teas and coffees provided by the hotel and enjoyed a the banana granola for breakfast.
This was by far one of the best hotel/inn experiences I have ever had.  The place is small, and the rooms can be small, but they have taken great care to make it not seem so.  The place is decorated Art Deco style, with particular attention taken in the lobby.  The staff is super helpful, and the free internet is great.  They have a really good continental breakfast which goes until almost noon on the weekends (my kind of place)!  The location couldn't be better.  The neighborhood is super cute and felt really safe (I was a single female traveling alone).  It is near the subway, lots of great restaurants, and a lot of great bars, all within just a few blocks.  It seems to be a great place to walk to everything from (South Street, historic Philadelphia, Rittendon Square, etc.).  And did I mention how cute the neighborhood is, which shouldn't be surprising since it is on the edges of the gay neighborhood.   I really loved staying here.  It was one of the highlights on an extended trip I took to the East Coast.  I would give it 6 stars if I could.  Not to talk it up too much or anything......
After the coverage in the NYTimes I was looking forward to a great stay. I've learned yet again that you get what you pay for. 
It's a pleasant hotel, clean and all, but the pillows were hard; so was the bed. I'd rather pay for my wifi and have a decent pillow.
Really reminded me of the better small hotels in Europe.  Very friendly and helpful staff!   Good complimentary continental breakfast which was available from 7 AM to Noon on the Sunday morning of our stay.
Reasonable walking distance to many attractions.

The $149 room was $171 once taxes were added, but that would be true anywhere in Phila.  You may park along the yellow line across from the entrance for 20 - 30 mins to unload and checkin.   It's a 3-lane one-way street so traffic can easily pass your car.  Parking garages within 1 to 2 blocks are $15 - $17 per night.

If the very firm mattress or small elevator cause you distress, take the $100 or more that you save per night vs. a national hotel chain McRoom and treat yourself to a really good dinner or some shopping.  Both are available nearby.
This little hotel has 48 rooms.  They aren't large, but each room I've stayed in (and I've stayed here at least 5 times) has been very comfortable and nicely furnished.  

Service, from check in to check out and everything in between, is friendly, personal, and efficient.  

I like the downstairs room with faster Internet, workout equipment, and 24-hour snacks.

Highly recommended.
I just stayed here for two nights during an East Coast visit.  Some of the reviews I read said that the rooms & the bathrooms were small.  And the room & bathroom I stayed in weren't big.  But they weren't tiny & they were definitely functional.  The room I stayed in (408) had a bunch of windows & felt very comfortable.  It was well appointed.  The hotel itself is beautiful.  The leaded glass windows & the woodwork is very impressive.  Breakfast was great.  The hotel staff, especially Kevin were great to deal with.  For the price I thought it was a very good deal.  I have stayed in the Bellevue & the Doubletree & many fine hotels all across the country & in a few global locations.   And I would definitely stay here again.  And I would absolutely recommend this hotel to others.
Perfect place for a stay in Phila: good hosts and service, pleasant place, with free continental breakfast with an assortment of items, lovely toiletries, and nice shower, Well located, too, near transportation and within walking distance of various sites.

HIGHLY recommended.

If you are seniors, mention it: AARP discount applies,and local buses are free with your ID.
I am a road weary traveler the staff at the Alexander inn were not corporate fake nice at all 
I felt like they were my friends I haven't seen in a while. Just awesome service. The establishment 
has lots of charm and when you think there cant be anymore you turn the corner and you are attacked 
by more charm. I just checked in and I am already having a wonderful stay. If you are staying 
in philly and you miss home stay here they will make you feel at home. I was even referred to a 
bar where its a bunch of artsy types that can throw peanuts on the floor. Viva la Redwood. 

Think I might make a Seattle in Philly list. Turns out there are some cool Seattle type spots here.
This is my third stay at The Alexander Inn. I cannot recommend it enough, it feels like coming home when you arrive. Beautiful building, fantastic architectural details, clean, comfortable along with a warm and friendly staff.
It's a straight 1 mile or so shot to the convention center (why we are), in walking distance of soooo many historical sites, great food and shopping. 
I was told this morning that there was extra love in the coffee and I believe it! Did I mention the kick butt complimentary breakfast they offer. 
I can't wait until next year!
This is probably the best place in Philly to stay at when in Philly.   The hotel rooms are gorgeous and the view is nothing short of spectacular.   

You know what really sets this place apart?  The customer service is amazing.  They go out of their way to help you out.

When we go to Philly again we want to stay at this hotel.   The free breakfast and assorted pastries and fruit that they have on hand throughout the day is really very nice. 

I can't say enough good things about this hotel.   It is the best place to stay when in Philly.   Book early they do fill up quickly. 

Great place to go to recover if you are in for treatment at any of the hospitals.   We were at Wills Eye Hospital and they were all very generous and helpful to us after the treatment.  To me this place will always be considered special.
When I first started looking for hotels the Alexander & the Independent were at the top of my list. I honestly wanted to try the Independent but since they were booked I got to stay here, which is in a very nice building on a very nice block. Closer to South St the hotels are small so there are a few things that you won't see here--fridges, microwaves or ice machines on your floor (there's 1 machine in the basement). 

Regardless of those things this hotel is excellent. There's a continental breakfast till 12 pm on the weekends and you can stop in to get fruit or coffee throughout the day. You get parking at $15 per day, which is $10-$15 cheaper than other garages over the weekend, and it's very quiet in the hotel. The only sounds I heard were the ones coming from my room, and I was never disturbed by cleaning personnel. 
The Do Not Disturb sign goes into the keycard slot instead of just around the door handle, and the keycard worked the first time every time. I don't think I've ever experienced that before. 

I stayed in their deluxe suite, which is a corner room with a sitting area and two huge windows. It's not a big room but for two people it's just fine. I guess the best thing is that the Alexander is so personable. I called the hotel to check on something and I knew the voice that answered the phone. Oh, and in the basement the hotel had a bunch of thank you letters posted on the wall. I doubt many guest see this so I guess this is really for the hotel staff. Very cool, and it's these little things that make the Alexander a winner.
Great rates, helpful--almost courtly--staff, boutique decor, great location, good breakfast spread. This part of Philly, and Philly in general, were always leafy and architecturally splendid and now seem to have come alive with nightlife and dining, relative to where I "left" them in the early '90s. The surrounding "Gayborhood" is not oppressively supergay. You'd have to really have just fallen off the turnip truck to be put off. It does seem to mean that there are a number of outstanding cafes, bars and restaurants right around, so deal.   
Iffy wi-fi on the 6th floor was the only downside.
Ask for the -01 rooms, which are biggest and viewiest.
A find!
my boyfriend was in philly for the summer and i went to visit him. he got us a room at the alexander for two nights and it was fantastic!

the hotel is quaint and hidden and the staff is helpful and accommodating. and the location... forget it! pretty much everything you want to get to in philly is in walking distance, but you're not in the hustle and  bustle of downtown.  it's the perfect spot for couples who want  to "get away" to the city.  it's a nice walk back to your hotel on a quiet little street.  plus, they give you personalized business cards to give to people ("you can reach me at the alexander inn") how cool is that?!

this place really made our only weekend together special and i would recommend it to anyone! classy....
Awesome hotel in a beautiful neighborhood. Great rates. Friendly people. Super clean. Would definitely stay here anytime I come to philly.
I spent a couple of nights here when my girlfriend was visiting over the summer, and had a fantastic time.  The hotel staff was very friendly and went out of their way to make our stay enjoyable.  

The location can't be beat if you're looking to explore center city, and if you take the trolleys you can get anywhere.  This was one of the best vacations I've ever had.

If I ever return to Philly, this is where I'll stay.
This a decent hotel, no doubt about it, with friendly staff and good breakfast. However rate it at 3 stars as room smelt musty as did towels and either walls are thin or someone was talking (or playing their tv) very loudly at 2.30am. Hence not a great night's sleep. I would certainly go back though - good location and staff/breakfast a big plus. Would ask for another room tho!
When I moved to Florida for a few years, I would always stay at Alexander Inn on my return visits. I'd always bring friends along and we were never disappointed. 

The rooms are clean, cozy and the walls are deaf ;)

I always found the staff friendly and accommodating. I guess that's why when I returned to Philly, and I discovered they manage rental properties too, I became a tenant. They are top notch in all of their services and I would recommend Mel and any of his businesses. He treats everyone like they were family!
Great Design !
Tastey free breakfast!
Fun-gay-staff!

great location!

made some amazing new friends in the lobby, i will return!
My husband and I stayed there this past weekend and we will 100% stay again. I booked through one of the travel websites (hotels.com, I think) and got the room for a steal - $129 a night. The regular price was $149, which is still a steal for a Philly hotel, in my opinion. Check in was easy, the front desk guys were friendly. Our room was small, but perfect for a night's stay. It's within walking distance to the theaters (we were going to see Brian Reagan at the Merriam), TONS of great restaurants and dessert places. The neighborhood is nice and quaint. A breakfast is included and you can park for $20 for a 24 hour period (no in-out driving though). Honestly, you won't find a better hotel for the price. Perfect stay for us! Oh, free wifi too...can't beat that!
I just came back from there over the weekend. This is a great boutique hotel in the heart of Philly. The rooms were extremely clean, the bathroom was impeccable and the towels were nice and fluffy. The price is spot on and the service is great. The free breakfast in the morning was icing on the cake. Two thumbs wayyyyy up.
Not so small as to be annoyingly friendly; not so big so as to be soulless and you can't beat the location.
I cannot say enough great things about this place.  

The rooms are adorable.  They have this old-house feeling to them, but the rooms are fairly modern and totally clean.  

The staff are friendly and the complimentary breakfast is just what you need before checking out the sights.  

Once we arrived the man behind the desk told us about all the great places to eat, the local bars to visit and just about all the information we needed to feel right at home.  

I would definitely stay here again.  

Great hotel!
Love this place and highly recommend it!Neighborhood is safe and so cute. Lots of shops and food really close by as well. 
Walking distance to downtown as well as the Independence Hall areas.
Rooms are pretty small, but super comfy, clean, and didn't need much else.
Staff here is beyond nice and made us feel like we were lo g lost friends.
LGBT area of Philly so it is a happy, fun place to be.
This place is amazing.  We came here for our first time in Philly, and if I ever come back again I'll make sure to stay here.

The staff is extremely friendly and great to talk to (and I do mean the whole staff, front desk, cleaning, management, everyone) and very helpful. They'll happily help you find the best places to eat, or the sites you won't want to miss if you need it.  

The rooms are very comfortable.  We stayed in the suite for a couple of nights, then a single queen bedroom.  The suites are very spacious and comfortable, highly recommended, especially for families and friends travelling in a group of three or four.  The smaller rooms are pretty small, but serve the purpose of keeping your stuff and a place to sleep and relax after a day of sight seeing.

The breakfast is really good, with a lot of options that won't give you an easy excuse to go out for breakfast.  They also usually have fruit out through the afternoon in case you want a snack.

The location is also great. Right in the middle of downtown, within easy walking distance (with plenty of shade, if you're there during the summer) to all the historical sites and many great places to check out.

The only downside is that the parking garage is a couple of block away.  This isn't really a problem though - you can load and unload luggage from the curb (which travel companions can help with, or I'm sure the staff would lend a hand) and you won't need your car at all since you can walk to everything.
What an awesome spot to stay in Philly, check it out.

Pros: Mod rooms with really nice amenities like soaps, movies, and parking. Great location for a tourist like myself and great prices. Free wifi that works.

Cons: Bed was a bit hard.
The Alexander Inn is a warm and friendly boutique hotel.  It's an old-world, European style, hotel in a safe and centrally located neighborhood.  The staff is friendly and quick to help us plan out the "must-see" stops on our Philly weekend.  They were well booked so we ended up changing rooms during our stay.  The staff made this (planned in advance) glitch go smoothly.  We came back from our long day of sight-seeing to find our luggage in our new room.

The rooms (we had two, remember)  were not huge, but not small ... they were very clean, well appointed and comfortable.  The bathrooms, too, are clean and roomy.

The breakfast was verrrry nice.  The food was fresh and varied.  The young man staffing the breakfast buffet was very accommodating, and made sure everything was stocked well, and sparkling clean.  Even the people eating at the dining room were friendly and conversant.   It all made for a warm experience!

The rates were the best we could find, which made them a great value for a place of such good standards.  There wasn't a single sour note in the whole experience.
Staff, accommodations, neighborhood, amenities..... all flawless!
Love this place.  The rooms are small but very clean and close to everything in center city Philly.  Bars and restaurants all close by, and you can't beat the price for this boutique hotel.  The guys who greet you are really friendly and helpful.  Breakfast was great, and parking was close by.  Will stay again soon.
We stayed here for two nights and would return in a heartbeat.

This place is NOT for people who actually like boring chain hotels.  The Alexander Inn is fabulous and quirky and feels European.  Every room is different and it feels like home.  The rates are excellent and fair.  And free wifi!  Many chains nickel and dime you for that sort of thing.

The staff was super friendly and happy to take our bags until it was time to check in, so we could walk around the city without lugging our backpacks around.  Friendly, down to earth staff, and you gotta love the free breakfast and coffee!  

Alexander Inn is in a great location, where it is easy to walk to everything or get around via public transportation.  I love the slow as molasses elevator and the rooms and bathrooms were clean.

So snobby folks, you can pay double for your five star hotel.  This is the kind of place for us regular folk who would rather support a small business than any chain!
Great rates, helpful--almost courtly--staff, boutique decor, great location, good breakfast spread. This part of Philly, and Philly in general, were always leafy and architecturally splendid and now seem to have come alive with nightlife and dining, relative to where I "left" them in the early '90s. The surrounding "Gayborhood" is not oppressively supergay. You'd have to really have just fallen off the turnip truck to be put off. It does seem to mean that there are a number of outstanding cafes, bars and restaurants right around, so deal.   
Iffy wi-fi on the 6th floor was the only downside.
Ask for the -01 rooms, which are biggest and viewiest.
A find!
Wonderful little hotel, easy walking to site seeing & lots of restaurants.  The nicest hotel staff who go above and beyond. Hotel is older so it's not plush, but the room was clean & comfortable and we had everything we needed.  Free continental breakfast & fruit & snacks available all day.  I would definitely stay here again
This is one of my favorite hotels!  It's located in a great area, walking distance to everything.  The staff is really nice and helpful.  The decor is tasteful and the rooms are spotless.  The free breakfast, fitness room and free internet seal the deal.  

I spent Valentine's weekend here with my boyfriend and we had a great time!
No complaints whatsoever.  This was the best place we ever stayed in Philadelphia.  We go there for a couple of days several times a year and will now not consider staying anywhere else.   I did not have a laptop at that time, so the internet terminals downstairs came in quite handy for finding restaurants and looking at Goggle maps.

Now, this is supposedly a "gay" hotel.  But the only thing gay about it was the panache, good decor and pristine cleanliness.  There was as many straight people as there were gay people staying there, which, to me , is as it should be in the 21st century.

They refrigerated our "bubbly", which we like to have every evening when away and were happy to do it.  

The neighborhood has a plethora of restaurants and is right around the corner from our favorite, budget priced gay hangout, the very popular Venture Inn.

At around $100 a night, it is affordable.  Oh, really good continental breakfast.
Excellent stay here, excelled on every level. First of all, they have locked prices - they don't change based on surge pricing or demand. We (inadvertently) planned our trip to Philadelphia during the Army-Navy game, and their prices were about half of what most larger hotels were charging! The space was cozy & charming - rooms were not tiny. Offered a nice, simple breakfast in the mornings; also had a 24-hour fitness room. Staff were extremely helpful & courteous. Location in the 'gayborhood' was convenient - we could walk to Independence Park, to the markets at City Hall, to South Street, to transit. Can't recommend it highly enough!
We were like you reading reviews of hotels and inns in the Philadelphia area to stay at during our mini-vacation. Let me first start by saying this the owner is a very selfish, inconsiderate, immature, mean old man with the personality of peat moss and  and he earned this review.
 Moving forward...We came across some really stunning reviews of the Alexander Inn which prompted our stay. Well we arrived to find the front desk unattended and waited for almost well-over 20 minutes to be greeted and checked-in, however the front desk attendant was very pleasant, friendly welcoming. The elevator was out of service and a woman was in there screaming because she was stuck in the elevator. So we had to lug all of our luggage up a very narrow staircase to the 6th floor. The hotels hallways are very hot no air conditioning and smelly. We finally arrive to our room which we find to be dated. Stains on the walls and beds, old chipped paint and stained filthy carpets. We turned the AC on to find it barley worked and seemed to be made for a bathroom. speaking of the bathroom the toilet was broken the whole time there and clogged. Ther was no one to assit or fix it. No AC in bathroom and extremely small and hot. The bed is very uncomfortable and extremely hard. We had to pick pubic hairs from the sheets and the covers appeared to be unwashed and smelled. Once we settled in we went down to lobby area and to the "Great Room" to find fresh fruit and pastry along with fruit fly's and other insects nesting in around and on the food. We ventured out in the neighborhood in search for dinner. We were pleased to find the hotel is close to everything, however we were greeted by crackheads smoking dope just outside the front door of the inn. The inn lacks security. No security at all and appears to be unsafe during the night. We did observe strange characters in and around the hotel loitering around. Every morning housekeeping will wake you up. You can hear everything in the room beside you and in hall. 
Very loud and noisy to call this a 'fleabag' hotel would be an unconscionable insult to both fleas and bags everywhere, "In my 25 years of business travel, I have never experienced such a consistently, depressingly mediocre property  Save your time and money and don't stay here! Thank you.
Great place to stay if you want to experience being a "local" in Midtown. We walked pretty much everywhere. Close to a bunch of restaurants, as well as short walk to the Forrest Theater (Book of Morman was in town) as well as all the historic sites and Old Town. Cabs are everywhere if you get tired of walking. Hotel was older, window unit instead of central air, and a little small. But we were mostly out enjoying the city, so it was "baby bear" for our needs.
Lovely and unusual small boutique hotel in a wonderful area with modest prices.   Everyone on the staff is kind and helpful and patient.   Room is a tad small but there's everything one needs and it's very clean.  Lots of art everywhere which makes it all feel very warm and cozy.    Workout room is fine; snacks are available 24/7.   There's a large comfy room with tables and chairs for breakfast as well as couches and it's a really nice place to read or chat.    Wonderful cafe right across the street with terrific breakfast/brunch foods (Toast) and excellent teas.  (Coffee/espresso looks good too).   I'd stay here again and I'd recommend it to others to stay here.
Last minute business trip to Philly a few weeks ago.  Found this hotel because every other hotel was booked (turned out that the President was in town).  Very welcoming and friendly staff, great part of the city, walking distance of some nice restaurants.  Would definitely stay there again.
What a great value for the money. It may not technically be a 5 star hotel, it also doesn't cost that kind of money and so it get's 5 anyway.  It is a charming old building that has been beautifully adapted to a small hotel.  Just 56 rooms, the hotel still retains some grand features e.g. beautiful paneling, archways.  Over the course of four days it felt really comfortable and intimate.  The rooms are a tad undersized and  the bathrooms are similarly small but very nicely done.  How much time do you really spend in your room anyway?  The location is great.  Just six blocks up to the Reading Market.  Four to the subway and a nice walk to Rittenhouse Sq.  You can't beat it.  The staff are tremendous and that daily breakfast is more than adequate altho you may want to head up to the Dutch Kitchen at the Reading Market.  At peak hours in the dining area it becomes very social.  It will be my spot in Philly from here on.
One of the highlights of my families recent trip to Philadelphia.  This boutique hotel will not bust the bank and is located in a safe part of town.  The staff is crazy friendly and the hotel is tastefully decorated.  The show tunes playing in the lobby made me chuckle.  There is a small gym and the restaurant has a simple complimentary breakfast.  Many of Philadelphia's tourist attractions are within walking distance.
