This review is about the Valet Service this Aloft provides. I've stayed at this location many times and the rooms are always clean, stocked, and delightful to stay in. 

Unfortunately this last stay I was robbed by the valet. Do not valet your car here if you have a newer vehicle without a physical key lock on your glove box. My glove box, center console, and trunk were ransacked. A cup of change I keep for tolls/meters INSIDE my center console was cleared out, an emergency $20 bill that I keep INSIDE the velcro car manual case INSIDE my glove box for emergencies was gone. 

Also if you chose to valet your car, please connect to your vehicle if you can and pin it's location on apple maps or a similar app, I also have reason to believe my car was taken for a little joyride.

Apparently this location uses a third party valet service, but it is still the responsibility of Aloft and Marriot to provide a trustworthy service to well paying patrons.
This place is modern and clean and in a great location (right by the convention center). I really appreciate that they went the extra mile to find my cell phone charger after I had checked out hours prior. 

The rooms are perfect for me on solo travel. Not too big, just clean and efficient. Be mindful that the walls are thin and you can hear a lot. I had room 1001, which is right by the elevator and i could hear conversations and people getting on and off the elevator. If you get a room, make sure it doesn't end in 01 or 02. 

The lobby is a vibe with board games, TVs, and a pool table. I really enjoyed the fish tacos.
We had a terrible experience, so here are the highlights: 
1. We loved the hotel upon arrival. 
2. We loved the room. 
3. We thought we'd walk to the market for some food. There were people who appeared to be on drugs following us all the way to the market (yelling, demanding money and walking WAY too close). The same people tried to follow us into the market. 
4. Many people sleeping on the streets between the hotel and market. 
5. We were followed all the way from the market back to the hotel by two people who repeatedly kept asking us for money. 
6. When we went to check out, the Valet informed us that our car had been broken into (along with 3 other cars from the same hotel); this led to a 5 hour ordeal and no one at the hotel or the parking lot or the Valet service would take responsibility. 
7. The management of the hotel was no help and would not refund the room they only wanted to sign us up for Marriot Rewards...ridiculous. 
8. Anyway, it took days and many phone calls for the Hotel to just refund our money. After a couple of weeks and never hearing from the Hotel, the parking lot or the Valet service we had the car fixed...$3000.00 in damages. 
9. Luckily, insurance covered all of it except our deductible. 

Bottom line, Philly REALLY needs to get cleaned up. We used to go to Philly regularly and never had a problem, this trip killed over motivation to return to Philly.
If you're staying downtown, the price is not bad for what you get. Not bad at all, Gyna. 

Pros: 

Price 
Central 
Service
Decent lobby bar 
Lobby games 
Decent bed
Clean 

Cons: 

Lobby bar closes early 

Do I need an intervention?
Wow what a horrible experience. You would think the fact that they are next to the Convention Center that their customer service would be stellar. 

Here for Out & Equal which means, LGBT PEOPLE + x1000 + $$$$ should =  service. 

Not only did they not have adequate staff to handle the bar, the bartenders they had were slow and had bad attitudes. One didn't even know how to open a wine bottle. 

I asked the front desk for a manager and was told there was no manager on duty. I asked for the highest ranking person and was told it was the front desk agent. WTH?

For a Starwood property this place did not meet my expectations. 

2 stars are for the amazing building. Bank turned into hotel.
I was disappointed after having read the reviews for this hotel and booking it for this weekend. Management and their software need to work on a few issues. Staying in a room for two night, the first night with no major problems, but the second we were rudely woken up with a loud banging on the door around 12:45am immediately followed the individuals opening our door to the end of the extended lock before we even had a chance to answer the door ourselves. We shut the door, then fully opened it to them. They identified themselves as the manager and another employee, then stated they apologized and were there because their computer system said the room was vacant. They then offered us a breakfast, which we declined (since we were leaving early), and they left us. Hotel facilities are fine; however, they have some overall general management issues to work out as noted above and the walls are thin, making it noisy when people are walking in the halls, especially if you are next to the elevator waiting area (the elevators are slow at times). I do not recommend staying here if you want to get a full nights sleep.
After attending the Penn State prospects camp with my son,we traveled here later that night. We stayed overnight here to shop in Philadelphia for the daytime! Located in Center City this place is posh! It's strategically located for plenty of restaurant visits and shopping. If your an Eagles fan its not far from the arena. They have a snack bar that is over priced as many hotels are.  The rooms facing the city streets are stunning! I highly recommend you stay here if possible. All the staff including the Valet were awesome.
I stayed here for a week during a conference and enjoyed the hotel. I didn't spend a ton of time here, but found the Aloft to be modern and recently renovated. The room was spacious by east coast standards, and there were LOADS of power outlets. Yess, charge all the devices. 

The front desk staff were friendly, although they needed far more people staffing it on our departure day (a Friday). The one strange thing about the room is that it didn't have drawers for clothes. Like umm, what? I saw a similar thing at a hotel in Taiwan last month, so maybe this is becoming a trend. Either way, I don't like it. I ended up putting my folded clothes in the closet. 

Cool place, nice vibe. Didn't have an opportunity to use the hotel bar but it looked nice as well.
My husband and I paid up front to stay for 1 night to enjoy my birthday at an event nearby.. 10 minutes into being there while my husband was parking in another parking lot because they had no space available. I get a knock on the door there stood a woman stating they are checking rooms for a foul smell I opened the door she poked her nose in and sniffed like a dog. She said ok its not you guys and walked off. I told my husband about it he thought it was odd.. we were there for not even 10 minutes getting settled in.. the next day we check out and they hit my husband with a 250.00 smoking fee.. the gentlemen at the front desk called the manager to the front. It was the same lady with a different wig. she said oh no I opened the door amd I smelled the stinch. I could not believe this woman a liar lying in my face!  she stood there and said nope there was a smell. after going back and forth she stayed she was going to the room and get this went through our garbage with plastic bags!! she saw nothing and took the charges off. We were warned by a gentlemem that worked there that ppl who smoke outside come in and are charged because of the smell of the cigarettes that stay on them. this was my first time in Philadelphia and would never recommemd this place to anyone. This woman shouldnt be managing anything lying amd then treating us like criminals going through our garbage. The gentleme was apologetic ... she wasnt ! First time in Philidalphia and will never recommend this place to anyone. Mind you we never smoked!!!!!
The room was fine, though more cramped than it looks in pics. Thanks to COVID, there were limited services (ie no room service, no food on site), but I can't fault Aloft for that. The location is great; it's across from Trader Joe's, next to the Convention Center, and walking distance to a ton of restaurants, parks, and other cool spots. 

However, when I tried to leave the hotel for dinner, I pressed the wrong button in the elevator, and found myself in the closed lobby. I walked around, looking for an exit- and some bro with great hair and a chip on his shoulders charged out, practically yelling at me about wandering around. I laughed, told him I was simply trying to leave, and clearly got off at the wrong place. I asked him to show me out, but he kept snapping, "you are not supposed to be here! The only place you're allowed is your room, got it?" Uh...yeah, tough guy, I got it. He kept badgering me after we were already in the elevator! Dude, I just want to get out of the hotel, I'm not trying to case your crappy hotel for ways to rip off the linen! 

I've been a fan of Aloft for a few years now, and have stayed in several across the country. They're usually nice rooms, and their people tend to be super friendly and down to earth. Suffice it to say, the next time I'm in Philly, I'll be looking for a better place to stay.
I love buildings that are repurposed. The Aloft Downtown use to be a bank and you can tell the age when you walk in. The floor to ceiling windows, the vaulted ceiling and the balcony in the lobby all scream old style bank.

The lobby is welcoming with large comfy seats, and a pool table. The bar also seemed very popular though we didn't try it.

The front desk staff was polite as was the valet (Kyle is awesome - just saying). The front desk staff also made excellent dinner recommendations. (See my review on Midtown Continental)

The rooms were fairly small and the walls thin. The bathroom was very small also. Shower stall only, and the sliding door to the bathroom allowed for a lot of light bleed around the door if used in the middle of the night. The bed was very comfortable, though the pillows smelled terrible. The hallways also smelled heavily of marijuana. 

The hotel is located very centrally. It is a short walk to most of the entrances of the convention center and not far from Chinatown. There is valet parking under the building (for $44 a night).
The Aloft is located in the shadow of City Hall and a short walk to Reading Terminal Market and other center city destinations. The hotel is clean, the staff are all pleasant, and the rooms are spacious (for rooms in a city standard).  The hotel has a bar/restaurant and a pool table onsite. Worthwhile restaurants are located on the other side of city hall and in Chinatown, both short walks. The hotel does not offer free breakfast, however, Platinum and above Marriott members receive a $25 a day coupon to use in the hotel store (snacks, upgraded coffee products, drinks, and pre-prepared breakfast meals). Drip coffee and tea are complementary in the lobby. The only downside of my week long stay was the valet parking. The hotel charges $55+tax a night, while parking garages nearby are at least $20 cheaper a night. The hotel doesn't have a dedicated lot either so they are just parking your car in a lot you could access yourself. Additionally, Philadelphia, like most major cities, is becoming overrun by the homeless. Expect to see panhandlers, homeless sleeping on sidewalks, etc., specifically around city hall/the hotel. The homeless situation is more of a city problem (not the hotel) but it's worth noting.
Checked in this morning - for a couple nights. First impressions: modern decor, comfortable room, nice lighting. The lobby is pretty awesome and clearly, some effort has gone into it. The staff is super friendly. 

The location, being right next to the Convention Centre, makes everything super convenient, and walker friendly. Based on the experience so far, would definitely recommend. 

[to be updated after checkout]
My flight landed early so I arrived to the hotel around 1:30. I asked upon arrival if I would be able to check in early. The front desk agent then rolled her eyes and said they didn't have anything available. I said ok no worries, I'll just sit and wait. She then proceeds to tell me that "this isn't a waiting area you have to wait outside." First of all, what're the chairs here for in the first place? I would think I would be able to wait especially being I had a reservation! Second of all it's 90+ degrees outside. Her attitude was so horrible it made me cancel my reservation and check in somewhere else. If you woke up with an attitude, don't come to work! It's sad that sometimes it's really your own people. Management needs to train their employees to greet guests correctly and not the way I was treated.
Stayed here from September 25-27 2020. Everything was going fine until my boyfriend and I saw a red stain on the comforter that resembled blood. We told the front desk and they changed the comforter and promised me "Marriott points" due to the inconvenience. I'm honestly really disgusted because it is covid times and this experience is absolutely ridiculous.
Pretty nice hotel with a wonderful location. Best part about this hotel is the location and cleanliness of the hotel. The rooms are very small but I do understand this was an old bank building turned hotel. The Hotel Gym was actually my favorite part that they call the Vault in the basement. Scariest elevator ride of my life getting down there (older elevator that creeks as you go down). The gym is styled like an old vault but they have what you need for a cardio session or arm/shoulder day. While the room was small it was still comfortable - very little natural lighting however. We walked everywhere since our hotel was so centrally located for all historical sites and there was a starbucks about 3 blocks away I would walk to in the morning - they were very friendly and helpful!
I was excited to stay here as I've always had pleasant experiences at Aloft hotels. To begin with, it took the front desk staff (really only one woman) a good 8 minutes of wrapping up a phone call before helping me. She told me the room I originally booked (king bed) was not available, but she could move me to an upgraded room (a queen bed with a view)... weird first impression but okay. 

After a long evening of meetings, and I'm getting into bed, I find that my sheets are dirty. It honestly looks like either a dead bug or crusty boogers in the sheets. I called front desk and they tell me that no one is available to change my bed sheets, so they send security to my room with a room key to a new room... it's 11pm and I'm in my pajamas, and I'm not interested in moving rooms. Instead, I ask for new sheets, per my phone call. Security finally drops off the new sheets and here we are. 

This whole experience has not been great.
Went to this hotel for a 2 night stay in a one bedroom king.
It's in a great location right downtown- within decent walking distance to most attractions and the bus/subway. The staff were really friendly and knowledgeable. The lobby was inviting- they had a bar, pool table, and outside seating area.
The most disappointing part of the hotel was in the room; the air conditioner was extremely loud and rattling whenever it came on. I would wake up every time it came on. The room was small and so was the window so I couldn't really enjoy the view unless I was standing in the corner of the already small room. That being said I would probably stay here again just based on location and price. It was a bit expensive for what I got, but still cheaper than some of the surrounding hotels downtown.

TLDR- nicely situated modern hotel with rattling air conditioning system. Would stay again based on location
We were with friends who were staying here, and had a great experience at the bar!

A ton of us wandered in from a convention just as they were about to close (without realizing) and they kept the bar open an extra 2 hours for us (bar usually closes at 11pm).

While the service was a bit slow since they weren't expecting a crowd, the staff was friendly and clearly doing their best. All our drinks were accurate and mixed well, and I'd definitely go back if we were in town another night.
I said here for 2 nights and I was very disappointed. Pictures are inaccurate, house keeping was unhelpful, valet is $50/night and does not answer the phone.

I found the pictures of the rooms to be misleading. They are much smaller than they seem and though it's marked as city view, the one window only gave a view of the building across the street. The hotel failed at refreshing our room in a 2 night stay and when I called to ask for turn down service they told me house keeping had left for the night. The valet was over priced and unhelpful, not answering the phone when I called for my car which takes 20 min to retrieve. They offered no help with our luggage which should be important since there is a staircase to get to the front desk. I will not be staying at this hotel and I would not recommend it.
First of all, right now the exterior looks nothing like the photos. It's a run-down looking sliding door in a center city area by the convention center. Unlike most of the big hotels in the neighborhood, everything in the hotel is still closed - I mean everything - you can't even walk through the lobby. I get COVID, etc., but thought I could at least walk to the elevators through the lobby not go in through a dingy basement. No housekeeping services. No extra blanket, no coffee supplies, no pen with the pad of paper. No valet parking, and parking garages in the area are $40-45/night.

The room is also small, very basic and not worth $200/night. It's like a mid-level Marriott. If you are planning on coming this summer, don't.
My wife and I stayed here for four nights ( May 1 to May 5, 2018) exporing the city of Philly. ( First time in a Aloft hotel ) We found the hotel to be in good location (  more hotels are also in that general area ) and the staff was friendly and informative. The two star rating ( below average ) related to the housekeeping service AND the lack of any corrective action on their part to address our concerns. EACH DAY we had to call the front desk for service, and either we just got some clean towels of they would send someone up to do a haphazard housekeeping job ( garbage still in cans, dirty towels still on floor ...) 

. ...and no, we never opted in on their Go-Green house keeping service. 

I'm a firm believer you should receive what you pay for. In this case we paid for services but did not receive. What struck me the most was the lack of attention to our issue. We just kept calling the front desk every day telling them we had the same problem. 

After we returned home, I called one of the Aloft managers to give her more details of our experience. 

I personally will avoid Aloft's in the future. They show good, but service, hospitality, and a staff that addresses their customers' comfort are important to this travelling road warrior couple.
I stumbled past and saw the "back yard" which is a gorgeous patio. We came in and sat at the bar. Tammi made a delicious margarita and chef Rob made an awesome cheesesteak flat bread. We ordered a bottle of Malbec and sat outside. Despite the cold it was a beautiful night in the open air. The ambiance is warm and inviting. Chef Rob also gave us a tour of the amenities and the spaces that are available for meetings. What a great time and lovely place to stay or come for a drink.
Housed in an old bank, this a fun, hip midlevel Marriott chain.  Had a couple snafus with my toilet not flushing and housekeeping arriving late, but we are in a pandemic, and the hotel staff addressed each concern quickly and with a smile.  They are courteous, with fast solutions.

Nice clean rooms with decent views.  And the BEST blackout shades ever--I didn't even need my sleep mask.  Bed a little firm for my taste, but not terribly so.  Clean, crisp linens.  Nice pantry with lots of water, sports drinks, and booze, as well as snacks.  Nice bar and outdoor patio area with good bartenders--for two nights, I had a bartender just make me her random choice of drinks, and they are tasty and affordable.  Kitchen still not up and running, but again, pandemic.

This hotel couldn't be better situated for touring the main sites of Philadelphia.  Right next to PAFA, the Masonic lodge, and Reading Terminal Market, it's no more than 2-3 tenths of a mile from most things, and less than a mile to constitution square/liberty bell.  About a mile to things like National Justice Museum, Mutter, etc.  I very rarely had to take a Lyft anywhere.

I will definitely stay here again when returning to Philly.
I love the atmosphere here....! The vibe is real cool with great scenery. I'm not reviewing the hotel... this is just a review of my bar experience. I think for a center city bar the drinks are mediocre. Measuring drinks is quite wack to me. They do have good happy hour pricing but I'd stick with the wine or basic cocktails because the mixed drink I had was wayyyyyy too sweet I had to send it back. I'd come here to hang out in the lounge area but I wouldn't try anything fancy on the bar menu.. keep it simple.
Cute decor- the lounge is nice and Drinks have potential but Horrible service, the bartender didn't know how to make any of the drinks and he had to read step by step what to do. Also complained that we ordered two drinks off the menu instead of ordering something straight. On top of that he had his friends come in and just chatted with them loudly and told them not to order food off the menu as it was nothing special...and I was going to order something but just wanted to get the heck out of there - also when I was leaving I made the front desk aware of glass near the elevator shafts on my guest floor and she seemed not to care.
A great space, way less cheap feeling than the other aloft hotels. Staff was super friendly and helpful and the location was majorly helpful for this trip.
Defintely one of the better Aloft hotels out there. Modern design, decently large rooms, everything looks new.

Location very handy for downtown meetings. Occasionally there can be protests given its central location fyi.
Beautiful hotel in a great location. Especially LOVED the staff. They were all so friendly & accommodating. I would be happy to stay here again on my next trip to Philadelphia:)
The hotel only opened in August of 2017, so expect a sparkling new hotel with a nice lofty lobby, well-equipped rooms, and fully-functioning equipment. 

The hotel is full of history - the building used to be a former bank. You can still see the original seal on the ground of the lobby, and the gym is where the old vault used to be. It's a great fusion of old and new.

The front desk staff was very helpful and friendly, took time to explain every bit of the hotel to me. I didn't stay in the lobby long, but it had a nice bar area, some decent seating, and a very high ceiling. I was on the top floor (19) and the elevator took me up there in no time at all. 

The room itself is fairly standard Aloft. I got upgraded to a corner room, the view is amazing, but the room wasn't significantly larger than a standard hotel room. It had very modern conveniences though including power plugs everywhere, a nice flatscreen tv, and a decent desk area. The bathroom was a comfortable size, and I'm always a big fan of the bliss bath products. Wi-fi worked well as well .
Room was the best part, trendy, clean and inviting. Location is good too, but the rest left some room to be desired. The front desk staff member took a call in the middle of checking me in, when there was another staff member who could've taken the call. I had a sizable box shipped to the hotel that they did not offer to bring to my room. There is no room service and the one dining option wasn't available in the middle of the day. Blinds also didn't go all the way down, so the sun woke me up. Also, shampoo and conditioner in one in the shower?! Next time, I'll go to a full service hotel.
Stayed here mid week for one night while in town for a concert. Check in was fast and easy, front desk were very friendly and the lobby smelled like a spa. Not sure if they are diffusing or pumping in some sort of essential oils but it was lovely. 
Had a room on the 10th floor with 2 queen beds. Rooms are modern and have a large screen tv, small fridge, coffee maker and safe. Tub/shower are in a tiny space and a door separates that from the sink/vanity with a full length mirror on the outside of the bathroom door. My only issue is that there is space between the door and wall so when you close it light comes in/goes out along with sounds. Otherwise it was ok. Shower was equipped with built in shampoo and body wash. I wish there was more lighting in the sink/vanity area. 
The view of the city was pretty cool and i love that its an old building with lots of history. Did hear staff talking in the hallway but not much else noise (again we were mid week though). Beds were pillowy soft and comfortable we had no issues falling asleep. Pillows left a lot to be desired, while fluffy as soon as you put your head on them they became flat. 
This hotel is within walking distance of reading terminal market, bars and restaurants. We didnt get to try the bar because it closed at 11pm so cannot comment on that. Appears to be a good bit of seating in the lobby/bar/lounge area complete with a pool table. 
Would recommend this hotel for a quick stay. The room was a little cramped for anything longer than a few days.
I booked here because my normal hotel in Philly was booked up and this is where I'll be staying from now on. The staff goes above and beyond, the views are great, price is competitive, rooms are adorable. Some have complained that they are small, and mine was, but it's part of the charm. The gym is in the basement and part of the bank vault when this building was a bank. Definitely recommend it.
Aloft checked me in at 3pm, had me swipe my card before telling me that my room wasn't ready and I should wait a few minutes. An hour and ten minutes later after I went back to desk the ask whats the holdup I was told the room I booked was not available. Instead at the same price they would give me a smaller bed.
One star for making me swipe before telling me I couldn't get what I paid for. Dishonest!
One star for making me wait without an apology or a gesture. This is not hospitality! 
This hotel allows dogs but I wouldn't even bring my dog here!
Cool place to stay. Fun lobby with pool table, jenga, a bar etc. Rooms have a fantastic city view and are so comfy. Love that its an old building too! Great staff.
I've stayed at a couple of Alofts, most notably the one by the Philadelphia airport. I'd been saying forever that they really should put one of these in Center City. I guess the Starwood/Marriott gods were listening!

Let's start with the building. It's an old bank that was built in the 1920's. How cool is that? The main lobby has the front desk and a nice lounge area. I was able to check in around 1pm on a Saturday afternoon - the only thing that was kind of annoying is that the SPG Keyless feature was not activated here yet (I've done the mobile check-in bit at another Aloft before.)

Oh, there is also the bar! The gym area downstairs still has the old vault, which I thought was pretty neat.

Rooms are standard Aloft fare, with plenty of outlets and USB ports to charge stuff. You can even use your own Netflix/Hulu Plus/YouTube account to stream stuff on the TV - a perk that other hotels should have, to be honest.

I'm pretty sure I'll stay here again next time I come to Philly...which might be sooner than I think!
A simply awful experience.  The staff try, but need some serious training.  This is a budget hotel and the facilities are very limited.  My upgrade room was tiny.
Across the street is a hang out for all the homeless vagrants in the city. On side of Aloft theres three makeshift cardboard homeless shanties. You have to pay $50 a day to park on top of room cost. I ordered 2 glasses of prosecco   off menu  they didnt any then ordered 2 glasses of rose they said that was all they had of that on a sat evening.. the rooms are very nice and very clean. No restaurant in hotel which kinda sucks. We were walking outside and a homeless guy who was whacked out walked into hotel right past front desk guys muttered something crazy then went into bathroom ! Theres no security guards at front entrance or inside lobby. Im here with wife and kids .. ur supposed to use ur room card to get to ur floor in elevator my sister in law walked in at valet entrance and used freight elevator to get to my floor without a room card . Theres no room service if u want food theres a small bar menu u have to order and go to lobby to get it. First time in philly we walked around the city sat evening and night there are more homeless people then not ..
They advertised contactless check in, but actually don't offer it. The link for check in is ridiculous, and no one has any urgency. No social distancing; nothing. If you want to wait in a long check in line and deal with front desk assistance who barely want to assist or care; book here. Hotel is not up to par; check in at 3, 4 o'clock room still not ready.
I'm giving 4 stars just because I haven't stayed at the hotel but I can only write about the lounge bar area for all patrons.

Overall, I've enjoyed each experience I've had at the aloft bar and lounge area.  Each time I've gone it has never felt crowded and can absolutely have private events in each section of the lounge or outside areas.

Upon entering by climbing up the wide stairs, you enter into an open brightly colored relaxed environment.  To the right you have a free pool table and an extra large Jenga game with very comfortable and designer chairs and tables.  To the left the beautiful bar and more chairs.  If you continue left there is a private outside/rooftop bar area with an abundance of chairs and sections.

The drinks are on the pricey side with not that great happy hour specials.  But the atmosphere makes up for the prices.
The place is not bad considering the Downtown area and price, however the sheets smelled like fried food as if they were sitting or stored away in the kitchen and that was very unpleasant.
Ultimately the best hotel in Philly.  Booked here 2 queens.  Asked for room upgrade for a celebration and received a upper floor corner. The hotel was new and employees were top notch!  Check-in was smooth as well as check-out. Hotel is close within walking distance to town square and what wasn't there's Uber. Would definitely stay here again!
It's fine. The building itself is stunning. No iron or ironing board in room though there would be plenty of room to keep them there, and I think like many people when I pull clothes out of a bag they often need a touch-up. The HVAC is the one thing that struck me as very odd: It is SO LOUD. I mean distractingly, interfering-with-hearing-other-things loud.
Posh and swanky for a newcomer. I only went for a short event by the bar but I'm excited to stay there as I usually look out for Alofts in other cities.
This hotel is one of the best SPG properties I've stayed at in my almost 20 years as a Starwood preferred guest. It was also my first time staying at an Aloft which seemed like a mix of a W and a Four Points. Building was gorgeous, an old converted bank building and the juxtaposition of that and the sleek modern decor was awesome. This property is only about a year old. Location was excellent -- walking distance of city hall, love park, convention center, Redding terminal market and one liberty.

Oh and the staff! John warmly welcomed us and circled all the top sites for us to check out and a path to each. He was awesome and also hooked us up with an amazing room on the top (19th floor) with a killer view of City Hall and Ben Franklin because we were kicking off our honeymoon trip.

Jack was also great and so informative. 
 
But we have to admit that Warren, the property's chief engineer was the most memorable. We had the great fortune of bumping into him while in the elevator and asked about the "vault" bottom underground floor. Not only did Warren tell us we were welcome to visit it and check out the vault (which is located in the gym) but he escorted us to both vaults, including the large one in the executive offices and told us all about them including that the large one is made out of 30,000 tons of steel! 

This hotel is a great value. Highly recommend and we'll be staying here again.
Do not come here. Andrew Dryden racially profiled me and went into my room when I wasn't there. He went though my things and forced me to leave because I'm Asian. Andrew and the front desk lady racially profiled me and told me I had to leave. He said "due to corona he can inspect rooms"... I hope nobody ever goes through what I went thru during these times. Terrible customer service
