Needed a place to crash for one night before an early morning flight and decided to choose the aloft this time. There is supposed to be a shuttle from the airport to the SPG airport hotels but I waited around 15 min this time and the shuttle never came. I decided to take a short uber there as I got tired of waiting.

The hotel is typical aloft with the colorful furniture, dark lighting, and lack of dedicated dining. The check-in process was quick and efficient, and the bar had a pretty good happy hour going on (with some amazing bar snacks as well). Definitely the highlight of my experience there.

The rooms were typical aloft, decently sized with a small desk. Plenty of outlets near the bed which is always important to me. The bed was comfortable, and the bathroom though small was functional. Always a big fan of the Bliss bath products.

The gym was a decent size, but some of the machines had to be reset to be used properly. There was also a nice outdoor courtyard, but given that it was 25 degrees outside, I decided to skip it.
I travel a lot with my 11-year-old son and dog, and we absolutely love this hotel. My son begs me to stay here when we are in the Philadelphia area. I have read a lot of complaints on Yelp about the decor - I think it's innovative and different and such a nice departure from your standard hotel decor of cheesy flowered bedspreads and ugly artwork on the walls. Love the high ceilings and the colors (I'm about as much of a girly girl as you can get, and this is not girlie looking decor, and I love it anyway). Common areas (gym, pool, lobby) are very clean and well-stocked and well-equipped. Love love love the Bliss spa products and free bottled water in the rooms. Never had a problem with the wifi service. 

The service is second to none. They treat our small dog like a pampered guest (ask for the complimentary pet package, which includes a dog bed and bowls to use for the night, as well as a bag of treats and little bags to clean up after your dog). Unlike many hotels, there is no pet fee or restrictions on size of the pet, which pet owners know can be such a headache when traveling. You have to sign a basic waiver accepting responsibility for your dog upon check in. There are plenty of very nice areas to walk your dog just outside the hotel.

The woman at the front desk always remembers my son when we visit and treats him so well - really makes him feel important, which he just loves. He also loves the snack area. Snacks are overpriced, but that is the case with any hotel, and I like that they have healthy things in addition to the junk. I really appreciate how they treat us and given the number of people they must see in an airport location like this, the fact that we are remembered. It makes me feel as though they really value our business. 

As for having to pay for parking, I hate paying for parking like anyone else BUT if you stay in Center City Philadelphia, you will easily pay $25-30/night for parking, so the $7 is a bargain in comparison. This is just how Philly is - it's not Aloft's fault. Also, they have a terrific offer where if you stay there the night before your flight, you can park for free for up to a week. We did that once and we were thrilled with that, because it worked out cheaper than for paying airport parking, plus we had the night at the hotel, so no stress getting to our flight in the morning. The shuttle service from the hotel to the airport was hassle free and super convenient. 

Just FYI, the residential area around this hotel is kind of dodgy. As previous posters said, there is no restaurant, however we don't mind driving off-premises. Just be a bit careful, as the area where Subway, Dunkin Donuts, Mc Donalds, etc are located is a little shady. No big deal, but just get what you need and don't linger and don't go at night.

Overall, this is a clean, safe, beautiful hotel with nice amenities and superior service. Highly recommend it for single travelers, families, and pet owners. Very convenient to Center City - about a 15 minute drive. Far more affordable, in terms of room rate and parking, than staying in Center City or one of the Main Line suburbs.
So, flight in the morning was at 5:30am and spending a night close to PHL was a necessity.  Stayed at Aloft and actually liked it alot.  Room was clean,  modern, different vibe from the Marriott brands I know.  They have real cream, brown sugar, good coffee in the caddy, that's important to me because I am forever asking for this at every hotel I visit.  The bed was firm and lush, makes me feel altruistic until I realize I need to sleep....well.  Staff were friendly and helpful, the free airport shuttle came in handy.  What I like most about the room was the techno gadgets power hookups.  

Simply, thanks Aloft for hooking me up.  Happy happy joy joy!  I think Ima stay at another Aloft next time.

Visits: 2, def. more.

Tip:   Marriott just bought Starwood.   Marriott Rewards members, link your account to Starwood (spg.com) and get the same perks and vice versa.  Points however dont transfer 1:1, check the conversions and transfer wisely from Marriott to SPG.    Very nice to have more choices now.  Marriott Gold and Platinums  get upgrades like Marriott hotels at Starwood hotels and vice versa.  High floor rooms not facing the 4Points and Sheraton are best.  Parking is $12 per diem but the exit gate arm was broken so I got to park for phrreeeee.  There's a gas station/store about 1/2 mile away for the rental.
Absolutely incredible hotel. 
When we first got there, I was in awe with the modern, upbeat decor and informative staff.  The staff was so helpful, I couldn't get over it.  This hotel was just definitely a modern place for young, trendy adults.  And the fact that they allow dogs is even better.  
When I got on the elevator to my room, the floor that moved with your feet was so cool.  It doesn't take much to entertain me, obviously!  But I only ever saw these floors in clubs so it was cool seeing it in an elevator. 
I opened the door and I walked into Heaven.  The king size bed in all white welcomed me and Lord knows, I just did not want to get out of it.  The walk in shower was beautiful and the complimentary dispensers of shampoo/conditioner and body wash felt amazing and smelled even better.  I reached for the phone and had to ask for extra pillows. I maybe waited 30 seconds before there was a knock at the door.  Just some exceptional service.  
They even have a bar in  there, the W XYZ bar.  It is kinda expensive but it was great.  And if you don't feel like drinking- the indoor pool is open until 11PM.  The Refuel station offers coffee, drinks, dinners, and ice cream also.  They just have everything for you that you could possibly need.  
The only thing I didn't like but really didn't matter- you have to pay for parking.  It's only 7$ a night so it didn't break the bank but I didn't understand it.  Why should I have to pay for parking if I am already paying for a room!?  But it was not a nuisance enough for me to lower the star rating. 
This place is absolutely incredible and cheap for the service you receive and everything.  I cannot wait to stay here again.
This hotel had gone down a little in the last couple years but don't get me wrong...the setup is exactly like the pictures! I had a number of people come up from Baltimore & spoke with an employee at the desk (Danielle) who was absolutely great! Knowing it was my birthday, she even gave me a complimentary card that entitled me to a free drink & snack at the wxyz bar in the hotel! 

The pool area was less to be desired. We went when the weather was in the mid-upper 60s and ithat section (encased in glass) looked really humid & sweaty..even with no one in there. It reminded you of one of those community pools that you would think twice before swimming in. The outside lounge area was tastefully decorated, however it was raining and I noticed the area was uncovered..which meant mildewy sofa cushions, etc.

Overall the customer service was spectacular! Rooms looked just like they do in the hotel pictures. I liked the fact that they had wireless, a pool table, board games, etc for guests as well. The regular lounge area in the lobby was cool and had a huge flat screen & fireplace which was cool.
As mentioned in a previous review, I consider myself to have a starwood disorder.  I will travel out of my way for precious extra points and the status I usually have at a Starwood hotel.  their places tend to be clean, nice, and very service-oriented.  And the W line tends to add the right amount of style and swank to make me feel less like I am a 'road warrior' (yes, I have heard people use this retarded phrase) and more like I am on vacation.....until the next morning's 6:00 am meeting

but I digress...

so when my plans take me to the PHL area (and they often do), I search for an spg hotel to continue this tradition.

on the night of all the Beijing spectacle, 8/8/08 also witnessed the opening of starwood's new concept hotel here in Philadelphia - W's aLoft hotel chain - a chain that seems to be popping up in the outskirts and suburbs of cities across the country.  and that might be why this place just didn't sit well with me

it definitely had some positives - cool, European styling - huge flat screen telly in room - nice tiled shower in bathroom - pool table and other 'young' aspects in the lobby.

but it definitely had some problems - it was the loudest damn hotel I have been to in a while - walls, paper-thin - windows facing the highway and airport, definitely not thick enough to block out the noise.  it just feels like they threw the place together with a gift card from Ikea - stylin sleak lines and durability of product that will coincidentaly break right about when it goes out of style.  Unlike its more mature sibling, the W, this place is definitely the suburban 'trying to act cool' kid brother who still needs to grow out of an awkward phase.

and lastly, location.  I have already pointed out (hopefully) that this isn't the place you would come for a vacation, but rather a layover of some sort - and if the layover is because of the highly likely occassion that PHL airport has delays and cancellations, you might be OK here.  But if you are here longer than a "I just need to crash" period of time, well - you are kind of effed - because this hotel is on a Starwood compound with two other properties - between them hosting 2 restaurants that are along the lines of a $17 burger variety - granted, downtown is only a 15-20 minutes drive away, with many options - but if you want something close by other than said $17 burger (no joke) or something off Mickey D's dollar menu, you are SOL - there is nothing else nearby.  

Again, this probably follows along the business plan/concept for this chain of hotel - get into a segment of the market where Starwood hotels don't exist - out near airports and suburban and ex-urban locales near office parks and convention centers - and my wondering is "just because there aren't hotels out there, does that necessarily mean there needs to be?"  - and if I am using this place as a clue to the answer, my vote would probably be "um, nope"
Doesnt deserve even one star....One word...BED BUGS...omg....I pulled back the covers and the sheets are so thin and nasty all I saw was black dots....I scooped up about 6 of them and went to the front desk...all acted as they didnt know what I was talking about...however all over all travel sites the one word that is repeated over and over is BED BUGS....I hope the Center of Disease Control gets word of this....
We checked out and went to the Hilton across the street...it was clean...the staff was great....complimentary breakfast was nice quality food and delicious....
This hotel is just not my thing. While I appreciate modern touches, the room reminded me of an upscale, IKEA-style males' dorm room; and a hipster male at that. As a business traveler, I felt uncomfortable and decided to end my stay after one night. I will not return to this hotel in the future. 

The website is straightforward and did not oversell the amenities or the vibe of the hotel. If you really like what you see, then you will probably be happy with this hotel. I thought I would be more content than I ended up being. This is no fault of the hotel itself.  They provided what they advertised, therefore I will not reduce the star rating below 3-stars.

Here are some pros and cons of the hotel:

Pros:

1) The staff, once I finally got a hold of them, were very nice.

2) Complimentary bottles of water in the room.

3) Bliss soap, lotion and shower pumps of body wash and shampoo.
 
4) The prices of the items at the snack bar seemed decent, especially for hotel food.

5) Parking is free if you have a government reservation. Otherwise, it's $7 per night which is reasonable.

Cons:

1) The vibe, the vibe, the vibe, the vibe. The room is entirely too dorm like. It's also more suited for a male guest, with its dark colors and hard lines. 

2) The alarm clock was difficult to maneuver. It was a dinky little clock with one button. I get trying to be trendy, but the clock was just not functional or intuitive. 

3) The front desk staff was not available upon check-in, nor when I called the front desk from the room (although I did receive a return call five minutes later).  In fact, the hotel was so modern that I thought I might need to check myself in and I started to use the hotel computers that turned out to be for airline check-in. 

4) No restaurant or food besides a modern snack bar. They do have a drink bar but the atmosphere was too neon-sleek for me. 

5) The front desk is used for check-in as well as snack payment. People paying for snacks had to wait for people to get checked in and vice versa.  Grocery store? Hotel? Grocery Store? Hotel?
Do not stay at this hotel. It is gorgeous and has a nice pool and outdoor area but the front desk and Customer service there is the absolute worst. I had to stay at this hotel for a Microblading training for a few nights and the second day I was there I had returned from my Microblading class at 5:30pm and then I get a knock at my room 10 minutes later with the front desk lady with blue hair ( which is sooooo unprofessional and rude ) and 2 security guards because supposedly someone smelled smoke. I have asthma and do not smoke. To make matters worse I just told my friend as we were walking in my room that the hallway smelled like cigarettes. I do not smoke cigarettes at all. The smell could have came from any of those rooms close to me. 
They told me I had to leave right away and I would not get a refund on the remaining days I had paid for AND they were charging my card a 250$ smoking fee charge. I now have no place to stay for my Microblading course that I paid 5,500 for and I can not come back to the hotel to take my class. 

The best part of it all..... I let them search the room. They did not find any cigarettes,cigarette buds, or ashes anywhere. Then they searched my personal trash can ( which not to sound disgusting but had feminine products in it). He seen trash from my luggage and my purse that I had cleaned out the prior night from my Los Angeles trip) So because of that they think I smoked in that room and is allowed to leave me stranded and now not able to finish the last day of my 5,500 training.  

I heard of 250$ smoking fines before, but never heard  of getting evacuated and paying a fine and getting treated like garbage. 


My Wells Fargo Visa card is working on getting my refund now. Hopefully my bank can understand how wrong they were in this. If I don't get a refund I will never use Wells Fargo as a bank or as a credit card again! I'll update you on how Bank of America handles it. I will add one thing... Hotels.com was fantastic about the whole situation when I explained it and they gave me a 150$ credit towards my next hotels.com booking!



Don't ever stay at this a loft hotel!!! Ever!!!!
I travel often to Philadelphia, and have stayed in a number of hotels. Aloft Philly Airport was the just about best experience I've had there! I also travel a heck of a lot with my dog, and Aloft treated her so, so well over our four day stay. This is by far the best dog friendly hotel experience ever. Jamie and the entire staff - front desk, housekeeping, Re:fuel snack bar staff -  were so kind and seemed so happy to see my dog every time we came through the lobby. They made us feel like they love having dogs there, which was so welcoming. She's a good traveler and it means so much to take her with me, so when a hotel enjoys hosting us, it's priceless. Aloft puts the "friendly" in "pet friendly" for sure! But if you're worried about staying in a hotel with dogs, I can say I didn't hear any barking, even though I saw a few other pups when I was walking mine. Aloft really keeps an eye/ear on noise and that's wonderful.

The rooms are groovy and modern, and spacious, with an interesting layout and tasty, forward thinking decor. As I said, I stay in a ton of hotels, and the overall design and feel of Aloft is a breath of fresh air. The bed was firm and super comfortable and the shower was awesome. I took some business calls and virtual meetings there, and the wifi was robust and the environment quiet. Even the hot chocolate in the lobby was tasty. Thank you so much for a great stay. Can't wait to come back!
I've been coming here since they opened in 2008. One wonderful employee that I've known since 2008 is practically a family member. She knows me by name when I walk through the door and takes good care of me. Room requests and preferences are usually met every time I visit. This hotel can get loud on Friday and Saturdays in the bar area with a DJ, so ask for a room that is not over the bar area and not near it. The staff is always friendly and helpful.
Pimpy pimpy!

ALoft is basically an urban rendition of the "W" Hotel. I love the "W" for its smooth swanky looks and feel. Well you get all that but on different level here. Basically all this place is doing is taking an urban feel and running with it.

Much like "W" all the rooms and everything that has to deal with the hotel is nice, very well kept, and swanky. 

ALoft's simple rooms are rather comfy and feature nice large king size beds with down covers and pillows. You have a huge flat screen mounted in the middle of a wall. They also offer a media hook up. So you can plug in your laptop, ipod, and basically anything and route it into the tv.

Their bathrooms are nice and done up well. Very cool walkin shower with a nice frosted window that peeks into the sleeping area. I am sure these showers have seen all the action they can handle. It has throw her up against the glass written all over it! 

You have a mini freg, room safe, and coffee/tea maker.

Aside from rooms they offer a Bar which was OK, nothing like the lounges the "W" has. They have a snack bar as well. Indoor pool. And a very cool outside seating area. Again it is all done up well.

Overall I will look forward to staying at an Aloft again. Much cheaper than a "W"!
We checked in around 1 AM and all we did was sleep. So I can't say much about the hotel.  But the house keeping staff was on the job and it was clean.  Very modern and clean! The area was pretty desolate, no Starbucks!
Wasn't terribly impressed.

I booked a room so that I could be near the airport when a friend arrived in the morning. First impression was negative; I had a very disappointed 5-yo who wanted to swim in the pool that was closed for the season. No explanation was given other than "maintenance issues," and apparently the other hotels in the area were experiencing similar issues?

The hotel is in need of touch ups/repairs. The hallways are coated in a very dark wallpaper that is chipped and peeling everywhere. The A/C unit in the room was clunky, extremely noisy, and took a good 10 minutes to blow any air, let alone cool air. There is no bathroom door for privacy to use the toilet/shower. The shower door (no tub, just a stall) and floor were in desperate need of a deep clean. The grime was orange and overwhelming. The TV options were limited, and the rental options were ridiculously priced. 

In the lobby, the "bar" was never operating, and the convenience food area was extremely limited and overpriced. $6 for a cheap machine coffee with powdered milk is obscene, and it tasted just as bad. 

The receptionist was friendly and kind, and she was likely the one positive from the trip. Thankfully, I only had 1 night here, or else I would have booked elsewhere. 

Truly disappointed as I stayed in an Aloft near the airport in Seattle prior to moving to the east coast, and I liked that location.  I thought that each location would be held to the same standards, but I was wrong.
A good location for near the airport.  We stayed here because we thought it would be a good location for us to stay since we were riding the train in and going to the Wells Fargo Center for a concert.  It was a $6 uber ride from the train station,  $14 uber to the concert, $10 uber ride back, $7 uber ride back to the train.  Not bad.  
The rooms were clean and modern.  I like that they had spacious stand up showers with soap right there inside in pumps.  There was a mini fridge and free water too.  The hotel doesn't have a restaurant but they do have a snack bar kind of thing and serve breakfast in the morning.  They front desk gave us complimentary breakfast coupons which we could use for anything in the "refresh" snack bar area.  That was nice.  The bar bar has a happy hour from 5-7 and you can get half price beers, wines, and well drinks.  They have a pool and a fitness center.  The hotel is located in a little cul de sac with two other hotels so you can walk around to their dining/bar options if you want.  However, if you want to go outside to eat you have to uber, drive, shuttle, etc.  They offer a shuttle though, if you choose. 
The staff is friendly and everything is accessible.  I'd definitely stay again!
Great location
Large room and very clean
Staff always welcoming and friendly 
Very close to Airport and a good shuttle service!
This hotel was clean and modern, however, it had a lot of street noise in the rooms. Depending on weather this bothers you will dictate whether this hotel would work for you or not. 
I only stayed for one brief night before an early flight out, so, I didn't look too hard for amenities, although I think they were basic. 
There was a market pantry for breakfast where you could buy muffins and yogurt, etc. 

Happy travels!
AWFUL!  Recently stayed here, due to the snow storm, in order to make a meeting early the next day.  Mistake!  It was my first Aloft experience, and I can honestly say I have stayed in nicer Best Western's & Comfort Inn's (which are few & far between in my portfolio of hotels).  

When I finally arrived to the hotel, after a LONG, snowy drive, I was pleasantly greeted at the front desk for check-in.  That's where it all
ended.  Freezing, cold, wet, and snow covered, I went up to my room, and it was ice cold & smelled of smoke.  Exhausted from the abnormally long, white-knuckle drive, I thought ok, I'll turn the heat up, take a hot shower, and snuggle in to watch some tv.  Shower had hair all over it, of which I did not notice until already inside.  The heat hadn't yet warmed up the room, so I snuggled in, turned the tv on, and set the sleep timer to turn it off.  Slid my hand under the pillow and felt a pile of crumbs of some sort - weird.  Fell asleep after convincing myself that I was being overly critical, just so I didn't have to call down to the front desk & freak out due to exhaustion.  Half way through the night, I woke up to an ice cold nose b/c the heat had not ever come on, so I clicked it from auto to on.  All this, only to wake up yet another time in the night to feel my nose still ice cold - STILL NO HEAT.  The heat didn't turn on all night long - it was FREEZING.   

Bad Experience!  Won't go back - would rather sleep in my car!  Very surpirsed by this, as a Starwood Hotel.  I am a long-time Hilton girl, but after we had an event at the Westin San Fran, and I had stayed in a few Sheraton's, I thought I would give Starwood a shot.  If not for the Westin, I would peace out on Starwood after this experience.
It's right by Phili airport & about 10min. drive from downtown Phili.
but.. um just so-so, not impressed. ;^P

Even though it claims to be a W hotel like expereince, I think it stay as 'concept' at the most as you can call it.  The decor and staff is W-like, but as soon as we check-in, we find the sliding door is broken & had to request for a change of room.

The pool table & internet access at the lobby is pretty cool & so is the indoor swimming pool & the heated patio.

Well, I guess if you want something trendy other than Four Point/Sherton (which both are right next to this Aloft hotel), this would be the better option to go.  Overnight Parking is $6.
This property is currently undergoing renovations. They are saying that they will be all finished by the end of this summer. Some of the bathrooms have been updated, however some have not. My shower stall had been updated but there was a hole in the ceiling and missing wallpaper on the wall. there was a ton of construction dust in the hallway because they were working on rooms just a few doors down. So be prepared when you come. But the workers were very considerate and the Hotel is giving extra SPG points as a thank you for accommodating their current mess.

The front desk staff was really friendly and checked me in very quickly. I bought a few things from there refueling station and the food was all very fresh. The gym is on the small side but it has everything you need in it. To treadmills, two bikes, and an elliptical. In addition to free weights and some yoga mats. They do have a pool however I did not feel it was long enough that you could swim laps in it.

The in room air conditioner was a wall unit. These are my least favorite as I feel like one side of the room gets much colder than the other verses hotels that have central air conditioning. But it worked very well and my room was cool, I just chose to sleep on this side of the bed closest to the unit.

All in all, it is a solid hotel property very much in line with all the other aloft properties. If you are okay with a very limited closet size and a smallish room, this hotel meet all your needs for short stays. I do not enjoy staying at aloft for long periods of time because I don't think the rooms are very accommodating for that. Too small with not enough storage to lay out your suitcase and other items.
I was very disappointed with my recent stay here. I've been quite happy with SPG/Aloft hotels normally but this Aloft was just awful. The entire facility was poorly kept and generally dirty. The occupants of the neighboring room were up until the early morning (3am) smoking & drinking inside/outside their room. The staff conveyed overall apathy and did little to nothing as a result. Save yourself a headache and look for a better option if staying around here.
Great location, prompt shuttle service and comfortable beds. Angel at front desk is excellent as is most of the staff I encountered during my overnight stay here. Would certainly stay here again
I did not expect to like this hotel as much as I did! Extremely clean room, very courteous front desk staff, very nice bartender, free shuttle to and from the airport --all around a great experience. I am not crazy about the aloft hotel chains food pantry approach... But since this is right Next to two other Starwood hotels, it is very easy to walk next-door and have a "real "breakfast at the Sheraton.  While I typically stay at either the Westin or a Sheraton, for my price-sensitive clients I think this is a fantastic option near the Philadelphia airport.  I Would definitely stay here again!
I loved this hotel.  Probably one of my favorites, considering the cost.  I somehow stumbled on a deal from Orbitz.com that allowed me to get a room here and a car rental from Alamo for $89.

First and foremost, the service here is EXCELLENT.  I gotta hand it to Yolanda and Danielle.  Let me just explain... I was in Philly for just one night due to an interview at Temple.  It's hard for one to gauge whether or not a city is a good fit.  Yolanda and Danielle really took the time to describe the city, the vibe, and areas to live in.  Danielle even went as far as to run out to her car and grab be an apartment guide to get an idea of cost of living in Philly.  They went above and beyond to make my stay welcome.

Secondly, if this is the same Starwood Industries as of Mammoth and Whistler Blackcomb, they did it right here at this hotel.  The #1 most important thing for me is cleanliness.  This place is one of the cleanest that I have stayed at, and I have been in a modest amount of hotels during my interview trail this year - the Cincinnati Hilton included.

The modern vibe is also neat.  The decor in the rooms, the shower, and even flat screen TV in the rooms shows how much they pay attention to details.  The hotel also seems very conscientious of the environment with pump shower gel and shampoo.

Lastly, the gym is modest, but pretty complete.  It also wasn't very busy so I was able to do most everything of what I needed in a workout.

I will definitely look for this brand of hotel in any city that I travel to in the future.  5 stars!
That was a great kind sized bed....or so I thought until I fell off of it in the middle of the night.  My sleeping habits aside, I did enjoy this hotel for the one night I stayed there.  

Being an Avid business traveler.  I feel as though I have a very good grasp as to what I expect from each brand of hotel.  With Aloft, you can really see the influence of the "W" in everything they do.  From the price, to the greeting at reception, it shows (in a good way). 

The room was very clean and comfortable, the staff was friendly, and the location was great.  I do have to say if you stay here ask for a room with the airport view.  It is pretty amazing to watch 747s heading straight for your window!
As a loyal SPG Gold member I am highly disappointed in my 6 night stay at Aloft Philadelphia. I have stayed at multiple Aloft properties across the country. The shuttle bus from the airport to the SPG properties was disgusting! Dirty & sticky, with frayed wires coming from the front dash area. The second I walked into Philadelphia Aloft I knew it wasn't going to be the same great SPG experience iv always had. The staff was unwelcoming! Iv never been at an Aloft or another SPG property where the front desk didn't greet or acknowledge you when you walked in the doors. The staff would have personal conversations amongst the other employees while assisting the guests. Even when I walked into the other SPG properties in the "Hotel Circle" I was kindly greeted every time I entered for lunch / dinner as Aloft doesn't have a full menu.

I always book my stays through American Express Travel. This was the first time I found that they booked through a "third party" and that voided my "gold member perks" with my stay. The front desk never informed me of this, even though they knew I was a SPG Gold member as my reservation was linked to my SPG account. I had to consult a manager to gain this information. I was also not asked if I wanted to participate in the "green" program where you reuse your towels for extra points. I asked the front desk if there were any room upgrades as that is one of the perks with "SPG Gold" and I got a "chuckled no". After bringing this to the managers attention he informed me that all the rooms at this property are the same. Not sure why the unprofessional front desk staff couldn't have said that themselves. 

After arriving to my room for the first time I immediately noticed carpet stains, scuffs on the walls, dirty & loud A/C unit, dead lightbulbs etc. The toilet paper holder was so loose the toilet paper slid right off of it, and the towel rack was so loose it looked like it was going to bust right off the wall. I informed the front desk of the dead lightbulb instantly, and two more times totaling three times throughout my stay and it was never fixed. Every time someone left their room on my floor you could hear the LOUD door slam. After briefly unpacking I went down to the lobby to shoot a game of pool. The pool table was extremely dirty, the balls were gritty as were the sticks. The music in the lobby appeared to be mostly rap, and not a cultural mix of genres.

I asked the front desk where I can go get some dinner. The person recommended Four Points. I proceed to walk outside to Four Points only to find out they didn't open for dinner for another hour! The welcoming staff at Four Points directed me to Sheraton. The moment I walked into Sheraton I was instantly greeted by a couple of hotel staff members, (one at the desk, another in the general lobby). I asked the gentleman in the lobby where the restaurant was and he walked me over, and asked how my stay was. I proceed to tell him I was staying at Aloft and had many issues (all within the first hour of my stay). He apologized on behalf of SPG and asked If I would like to switch my stay over to Sheraton. I was shocked and accepted the offer. Unfortunately, Sheraton was booked up on the weekend so I wasn't able to transfer my stay after all. However I did spend most of my time over at the Sheraton property as it had a much more appealing and friendly staff, served breakfast, lunch, and dinner, and was a cleaner property in general. Next time in in Philadelphia I will certainly stay at Sheraton.

Day three of my stay (Wednesday) I had two personal items (instructional booklets) from the class I was attending thrown away by the cleaning crew. Luckily the rest of my materials were packed in my bag. On the Fifth day of my stay (Friday) my room was not services. Towels were left on the floor, room was never vacuumed, Trash was not emptied, however I was able to get my bed made (poorly) upon request since my room was not serviced. I also requested my towels to be changed out. They put the new towels on my bed and left the wet towels on the floor. Throughout the day I told the front desk (twice) I had no toilet paper. After I got back from dinner and went back up to my room I still didn't have any toilet paper. I had to go down to the front desk and ask a staff member for a third time for toilet paper. The front desk handed me a single roll. 

Just to recap, as a loyal SPG Gold member I am highly disappointed in my 6 night stay at Aloft Philadelphia. Rude, unwelcoming staff, major maintenance issues, dirty hotel. The measly points given in exchange for my terrible stay doesn't even come close to making up for this nightmare. Next time I will certainly be staying at Sheraton in Philadelphia.
We stayed two nights while visiting Philadelphia: two parents and two kids, 13 and 11.  The hotel design is reminiscent of the W Hotel line, but somewhat downscale.  It's definitely not the run-of-the-mill Holiday Inn.

The complimentary Wired magazine gives you a clue, along with the typical USA Today.  There's a junction box in the room to connect all your electronics to the flat-panel screen mounted to the wall.  Free wireless Internet access.  Two cordless phones and a retro alarm clock.  In our room, two pedestal queen size beds were covered in quality sheets and a comfortable duvet.  The ceilings are oversize, lending to a feel of roominess.

The bathroom has an above-counter basin, a walk-in tiled shower with rain-like shower head, and Euro-style shampoo and body wash dispensers.  There's a refrig underneath.

The "splash pool" was a normal pool, 5ft deep on one end sloping to 3 ft on the other end.  Fine for doing laps.  I didn't see a spa.  The registration "desk" is kind of like a kiosk in the lobby next to the juice bar.

We Hotwired a $69 rate.  When I tried to go directly to their websote for reservations, it was $189!  I wouldn't be too happy with the accommodations at that rate.  But for $69 this place was great.

Only two downsides from my POV:  $6 parking charge - what for?  Seems unnecessary.   On top of that, the gate machine broke down while I was watching from the room.  A big queue formed, and they finally took the gate arm off while they worked on it.

The access road seemed to be an emergency route of some kind.  I heard sirens wailing every 15-30 mins or so, it seemed.

I'd go back, via Hotwire.
For what it's meant to be, I think they do a decent job. 

My first impression of the hotel - why would they invest so much in common space at an airport hotel where people just want to sleep for the night. 

My first impression of the room - this dorm-like room takes me back to my college days. 

Issue #1 - while one front desk guy was great, the woman the next morning was a totally clueless zombie. 
Issue #2 - while the common space is nice, they allow smoking at all outdoor common spaces and their printer doesn't even work properly!
Issue #3 - they really need to figure their parking system out! The room key slides while re-entering, but not while going out - and they charge you $30 for that!?

All in all, they were helpful in service - they got us batteries when ours ran out. But sort of hard to do much with this place besides sleep and the comments about food options shortage are right on.
The front desk service was less than professional. Didn't bother to tell us what room we were in, just shoved the keys and said here you go and turned away to do something else. When asked about it, she said that it was written on the envelope and turned away again, clearly annoyed. Wow.

The room was clean, but not sound proof at all. The curtains could use some light blocking panels, but I suppose that would take away the minimalist look they've got going on here. The Wifi was pretty slow, but hey, it was free. The bed was comfortable. 

The coolest thing here are the elevators. The floor has some kind of liquid pads in them that  when you stand on them you leave temporary imprints.

I probably will not book with an Aloft again (unless it's my only option) because for the same price I know I can get better accommodations.
Is the breakfast edible?

Oddly yes... very edible, and very odd. The breakfasts are $9 or $10, have names like "The Goodness" or "The Paleo", and are basically heated salads in a soup cup with a steamed egg on top. On the other hand, there's a sub minimalist continental wherein everything is itemized ($2.50 for toast) that looks like it was stolen from a free breakfast buffet, but they're out of almost everything, and who would pay for it anyways? Then there's sandwiches in the fridge dated yesterday (fine by me, lucky to have a date) but they look like what an airport newskeep sells. Quite possibly that's where they get them.

I had The Goodness: quinoa and brown rice with cuke and avocado as the base. All fresh and lightly dressed. I added green Cholula salsa.

There's a man and a maid of all work, one in the morning and one for the night. They each have a closet to work in, and despite that they work wonders. The man makes "bar bites" which are quite good. His crispy fish tacos are as fine as any... if you don't mind crispy fried fish in a flour tortilla. Side of kale, quinoa, and feta in a cup. Dressing was inoffensive, if a tad guar gummy.

The Aloft food experience seems to have been carefully engineered to cater to the expectations of a low-level sales associate, one who collects a billion air mile points each year, and never exceeds their modest expense allowance. I would add, the whole hotel, especially the breakfast, is designed around the sort of guest who religiously uses both the gym and the bar. There are such people, who stay reasonably fit while hopping from airport hotel to airport hotel, meeting with clients, then drinking with them after, never having time to see the sights. Thanks to these tortured souls, I have a very decent, artfully designed, adequate hotel to go to, though it be surrounded by a sea of frumpy, old-persony, lodgings, with artery clogging free buffets.
This review is based on the fact that I am a lover of Aloft hotels...this was just a bad experience and should not account for all of my previous Aloft stays!

This WOULD HAVE been my first stay at this particular location.  We booked this hotel for one night (pre-paid) and informed them we would not be arriving until roughly midnight.  Upon arrival we were told they had overbooked and did not have any rooms available.  Now let me give you a little more background information.  We had a guest fly in from the Midwest.  We drove from Washington D.C. to NYC for a day trip.  We planned on doing Philly for a day trip the next day (hence the reason we drove there from MYC).  We had our small dog...hence the reason we decided with Aloft.  Now...after being on the road and exploring NYC, we were looking forward to a little rest before taking on Philly.  This was a trip planned for our guest whom had never been to NYC or Philly.  

Now back to being told we had no rooms...the Aloft employee offered us a room across the street at the Four Points.  When I tell you this was an ABSOLUTELY NO...that's what I mean.  When you have guests looking for an Aloft experience, sending them to a Four Points is not cool.  IF it were clean and well maintained...I would have sucked it up.  But that place was a poor excuse for a hotel.  The ceiling was missing parts, paint cracking...and the bathroom...forget about it.  Aloft called over to Four Points informing them that we wanted to see the room before we agreed to stay there.  In all fairness, Aloft did get the Four Points room discounted...but after seeing it...I would not have stayed there for free.  

We walked over, saw the Four Points room and walked out.  We drove back to Aloft and told them we could not do it.  Keeping in mind that we had a small dog, it wasn't like we could just stay anywhere right.  There is also a Sheraton in the same area.  Aloft told us they are no longer affiliated with them, so that was a no-go.  We called, desperate for a place to lay our heads for a few hours, but they did not accept pets.  

So what did we do...we had to drive all the way back to D.C.  By the time we made it home, we had been on the road for 24 hours straight.  Talk about crazy tire and pissed to the max.  The next day we called Aloft and spoke with a manager who gave us another stay for free...but I'm still a little sour that our guest missed out on a great city and we risked lots of danger driving for that many hours.  I am not sure I would visit this location again.  I mean even if I pre-pay...that doesn't mean you will have a room.  Oh..and to add to this, the manager (a nice guy) said they we did not have a room because it was out of service (maintenance issue)...why did we receive two different responses?  At this point...I did not care to ask.  

Hopefully, if you decided to give it a whirl, you will have a better outcome!
Me (5 months preggo), my husband, and our two toddlers (2 and 4 years old) were flying from PHL to SAN.  After our flight was canceled due to a thunderstorm, we booked a last-minute hotel room here through a third party website.  

When we arrived, the Front Desk Supervisor (named Nikki I think), told us the power was out in the hotel.  She also explained that she was not sure when it would come back on.  We explained to her that this was not going to work for us because of our two toddlers and because we needed to make sure we were up super early to catch our rescheduled 5:30 am flight the next day.  We told her we needed to cancel our room.  Nikki then told us that our rooms were non-refundable.  She explained that bc the power outage was no fault of the hotel, there would be no refund.


This is when the lawyer in me came out and I told Nikki that a room without power was uninhabitable and we expected a full refund bc this was a breach of the contract regarding the room we booked.  Nikki looked at me like I was crazy.

I told her that if she did not refund the money immediately, I would certainly sue, which would be a giant waste of time for everyone when she could just refund the money.


Nikki tells us we have to call the third party site because they have our money--not the hotel.  My husband and I explain that the hotel must ultimately get some money.  And, at a minimum, she could issue a voucher.  Nikki refused and said there was nothing she could do.  

I also asked Nikki if the hotel had notified the third party site of the power outage.  She said they had not done so yet.  Even more annoying was Nikki feigning offense and shock and my husband and I becoming visibly annoyed with her complete indifference.

We then proceeded to call the third party site.  They called Nikki and ask her to cancel the reservation so they could handle.  And Nikki, clearly knowing there is no reason not to do so, complies.  It was just that easy.

1 Star for Nikki's crappy customer service. No sympathy or understanding at all for an exhausted family and the acknowledgment that we should not be inconvenienced for being permitted to book a hotel room when there was no power at that hotel.  Ridiculous.
Room : 0 stars.  Horrible,  Smells like a smoking room used for decades.  Very noticable and unpleasant cigarette smell.  Has a small fridge, and mini safe and NO microwave (one in the lobby), 

Bathroom : 3 stars.  Passible for a hotel this age.

Lobby : 4 stars.  Staff very friendly, trendy style and efficient.

Food : Unknown.  No complimentary breakfast.

Swimming pool : 4 stars.  A medium sized pool with no one every using it (it is in summer).

Exercise room : 3 stars.  Relatively small with a few treadmill, cycling machine, and a few benches.

Parking : 4 stars.  DON'T PAY THE PARKING FEEs.  Your room card will open the gate, park anywhere in the parking lot you like.

If the room does not have those stinking cigarette smell, I would give it a 4 stars for what I have paid for.
Please don't stay here. From one Yelper to another I'm begging you to pick ANYWHERE else to stay other than here. Yes, you may possibly have a good experience, but you may experience what I'm experiencing this very moment at 12:38 am. Aloft has a live DJ and roughly two hundred people in the lobby. Fine. Whatever. What I can't understand is why they would then have hotel rooms on the first floor?  Why?!  There is a door dividing the lobby and the hotel, but that door has no knob or keyed entry. Anyone can pass through and hang out. And that's what's happening right now. I've called the front desk twice to beg them to clear out the people that are in the hallway. At one point I personally walked the hotel manager back to my room to show her what was going on. She was pissed at these people, but nothing changed. I actually got yelled at by one of the people she was kicking out. It's like the hotel is being run by a bunch of teenagers.  I never do crap like this, but I'm calling the hotel manger tomorrow as well as the guest services director. And just in case you're wondering, it's not convenient to downtown Philly and while it is close to the airport I would hate for you to be booked into a room on the bottom floor as I was because you checked in late and then be kept awake all night. How pleasant would that be?
Loved that there was a free shuttle to the hotel and it's about a 5 min drive from airport. The outside of the hotel doesn't look the same as it does in the pictures but the inside was dead on and had a very welcoming vibe. 

The girl Angel at the front desk was so kind and helpful. I had requested an early check in time from booking.com that she had no idea about but made sure that I was able to do so. 

I loved everything about the hotel except for the bed. The bed was so hard and stiff I felt like I was sleeping on the floor. Also I was unaware that the hotel was undergoing renovations and was put into the room next to one being done. Because of that there was a lot of noise and foot traffic but they stopped at a reasonable hour and after that the hotel was very quiet. 

As much as I liked it, I think I'd only come back if they updated the mattresses.
Okay lets start from the beginning.

1) When i first go to check in the young lady at the front desk is on the phone tying to figure out where her lunch is and why its taking so long to get to her (not sure why i needed to know this) I go to check-in and since i paid for the room via hotel. com i didn't bring my credit card into the hotel the young lady with as much attitude as she could muster while fighting through her hunger pains says to me "Really you should know that ANY MAJOR hotel requires a credit card". I know this but since i paid ahead of time i just brought my id into the hotel for check-in.
So strike 1 is the rude staff in a "MAJOR" hotel!

2) My fiance and I go to room #220 and as soon as we walk in it is very clear that the room had recently been vacated (bed not made trash in various places in the room towels on the floor). 
So Strike 2 is in a "MAJOR' hotel you would think that the rooms we are assigned would be clean!

3)When we are finally assigned a room that has been cleaned. I examine the bathroom and it is VERY clear that room #204's bathroom has had some kind of water damage (white marks on the wall behind the toilet) grout missing from the corners on the edge of the lip of the shower. 
So strike 3 is the crappy state of the bathroom in a "MAJOR" hotel!

4) I get back to the hotel after a night out for New Years Eve partying with my fiance and there are literally about 50 to 60 people just standing outside of there cars in the flow of traffic did i forget to mention that its 2:00am? I understand that its New Years but security at a "MAJOR" hotel should have ensured that the people who were leaving the hotel bar actually left since parking is so very tight at this location. I had to park 1 row from the Sheraton that is on the other end of the parking lot.
So Strike 4 is bad crowd management at a "MAJOR" hotel. I mean its New Years Eve the hotel should have anticipated this and provided more staff.

5) So I get to the 2nd floor and there are another 20 to 30 people just arbitrarily standing in front of various rooms MINE included. There is a very clear smell of Marijuana and alcohol and again i know is New years so i mostly ignore this only to realize that the room all of these people are coming from is next door to mine! Needless to say i could here every swear laugh and argument that went on in that room. I tried to call the front desk to complain but the room phone gave nothing but a busy signal. I walk out of my room at i believe 2:30am to go down to the front desk to make them aware i am told that security is on the way up. I go back to my room for another 15 - 20 minutes of unruly partying did i mention its almost 3 am at this point? I finally call the front desk from my cell phone and i explain to the young lady that  had just come down to complain about the room next to mine...she cuts me off before i can complete my sentence and states that she already called security and they are on the way up **click**. She hung up on me!!!!
Strike 5 extremely understaffed for an obviously very busy holiday while also being extremely RUDE!!!

6) After all of the above complaining security didn't get up to the room until almost exactly 3 am to quiet the rowdy crowd next door.
Strike 6 it took security almost 45 minutes to respond to a various guests complaints? I spoke to at least 2 other guest from my part of the hotel and they all had been calling about the crowd.

All of that said I would never recommend this hotel to anyone! This was by far the WORST night i have ever spent in a hotel!!!
When you first walk into the hotel, its impressive. Its very modern and looks clean. That kinda changes when you get to your floor. Once the elevator doors opened I knew that the downstairs was a facade. There were stains on the floor everywhere, including a large red one in my room. The room itself was fine but my floor was a nightmare. I was alone and actually scared thanks to a rowdy group of people that kept slamming doors and yelling at each other. Then at 12:15am someone actually started pounding on MY door. I was terrified and not well reseted to catch my 6 am flight.
I love this place. I visited Philly for my bday and stayed here with my boyfriend. We both loved it especially the walk in shower. We did not want to get out!! 

I adore the modern style and design though I wish there was more of a closet. Bed was comfy and the plug in play was awesome. We plugged up our iPod and portable DVD player and had a ball!

I wish I knew there was a refrigerator in the room because I would have brought some birthday cake!

The bar/ lounge area was awesome. The apple martini's put me down for the night! They also rent out the bar lounge space for parties which may not make you happy if you are on the 2nd floor like I was. Luckily I liked the music and the 2nd night I joined in the fun!!

The price was right and so was the hotel. Definitely give it a go.
We expected so much more from an SPG Hotel. We stayed at the Aloft because we were in town for a funeral and we are SPG preferred members. However.....this hotel left a lot to be desired. 

We paid in advance online and arrived late in the evening to check-in, the parking lot was packed, we drove around for quite some time to find a space and then walked a short distance to the front doors of the hotel and the lobby was packed! Music playing, people seated at the bar, playing pool and just sort-of hanging out. We were extremely exhausted after driving in from New Jersey. After attending a funeral, repass at the church and then again at the home of the family, it was quite a long day and we were a bit hungry and tired.   

We checked in, paid $10.00 for parking (which I'll talk more about shortly) and asked if they had room service, which they do not and we were given a menu of a place that delivered. We took the elevator to our floor and as soon as we stepped off the elevator we were greeted with dog poop on the floor. As we walked down the hall to our room, we were greeted with the smell of weed, pot, Mary Jane, marijuana or whatever you want to call it. We got into our room and called the front desk and advised them of the dog poop and then placed an order with Femi's pizza for delivery. 

My boyfriend then went down to the hotel bar to grab a drink, as he sat down at the bar there was a woman and man seated beside him and he could hear their entire conversation, the young woman was telling the gentleman her cost for SERVICES, yes, those services! My boyfriend took a few sips of his drink and got up to come back to our room, he was then approached by THREE women who asked him if they could go back to his room with him, he said no thank you, and that he had a girlfriend upstairs that he was going back to, and they said, "too bad, you could have had some fun tonight" 

Once back safely our room the food delivery called to say that the hotel would not let me up and that we needed to come down to pick up our food. We ate and went right to sleep. The next morning we woke to the sounds of planes departing and arriving, we showered, dressed and checked out of the hotel. 

As I mentioned earlier, I would tell you about parking. We paid the additional $10.00 for parking as parking was not included. We got to the gate to slide in our paid parking pass and the gate was GONE, their was nothing there and we just drove away and headed back to New Jersey. 

The hotel and rooms are quite trendy, the shower was nice and the complimentary body wash and 2 in1 shampoo and conditioner were nice. However, there was a bit of a sour smell coming from the drain, the bed was pretty basic, I would not want to sleep on it more that one night. The wall unit a/c turned on and off all night, I tried to adjust the temp on the unit itself and it would not adjust. I noticed the thermostat on the wall and tried adjusting it and it did not work either, so I just unplugged the unit.  

Whenever we go back to Philadelphia, we will not stay at the Aloft and I do not recommend it.
Place is very worn down SPG NEEDS TO GET IT OFF THEIR SITE 
marijuana smoke everywhere, pool always broken and a hotel manager that could care less
I left the bar three inebriated guests cursing loudly while parents and children nearby security just stands there 
Never staying there again
I stayed at this Hotel a little more than a year ago ( before I was a yelper), and it came to mind while I am planning a trip back East. I really like this place. The staff was really friendly ( front desk, bar, and cleaning lady my personal favs). I love that it was so close to the freeway! My first night there they had a mixer and it was cool being that I was there for the first time. The room was young, funky,and cute. This is the first hotel that I check for when ever I am traveling. The Aloft is the hotel for young(or young at heart) and ready for fun crowd. The prices were pretty good as well.
ACK!

If you like your phone making loudly, annoying beeping noises every 15 min and listening to people getting it on until 3 in the morning... then this is the hotel for you! I went down to the front desk around 2am to make a noise complaint and the woman working said she'd send security up right away... No one ever came up, the "jungle noises" went on for another hour or so. As for the phone, my roommate stuck it in the mini fridge... haha.

Only positive: the decor was pretty cool & I was diggin' the color pallet choices of the lounge, halls, and rooms.

THERE ARE OTHER, BETTER HOTELS NEAR THE AIRPORT YOU CAN STAY AT! We should of turned around the second we got there, especially when we walked into the club of a lobby...
Careful with this place.  They are not flexible or understanding about reservations you book for others.  They will bill you even if you are booking the hotel for a colleague.  No exceptions.  Rip off in my mind.
I really wanted to like this hotel. This was my first trip to Philadelphia and it was just an overnight stay on the way to NYC. I would not have chosen to stay near the airport it I had realized that there is no way to get to the train. Since we wanted to go experience downtown Philly we had to go outside and wait for the airport shuttle...take the shuttle to the airport and get off where we could get on the train...then take the train to where we wanted to go. Not great planning on our part but at least it was a free shuttle.
 
I loved all the pictures I saw online for the hotel--modern chic. The "front desk" is a weird circle that you don't realize is the place you need to go to first. We arrived too early to check in so we asked if they had a restaurant but were told that we would have to walk to another hotel to get food. We went to eat and came back and still couldn't check in. When you have plenty of time to sit in all the "cool" furniture you realize all that cool furniture is really cheap, uncomfortable, pretty furniture. I tried to find brochures in the lobby about things to do but there weren't any. 

When we finally checked in and were walking to our room it looked like the carpets hadn't been vacuumed in a week. The room was fine. I was glad we did not pay full price. The shower looked a little sketchy. I liked the lotions and soaps provided. I picked up the phone at one point to call the front desk when I had a question...and no where on the phone or in the room was the number to call the front desk. I'm guessing you just dial 0 but why is that something you don't put on the phone?? I went down to the lobby around 10pm and it was like a frat party was happening. Loud LOUD music and people every where.

Overall it was just a meh experience. I wouldn't stay here again. It was fine for a one night stay with a discount but it definitely wasn't anything special. Stay at le Meridien in downtown Philadelphia instead.
I was here three nights in a row. When I checked in and went up to my floor as the elevator doors opened I was hit with two unwanted sensations - Marijuana smoke and loud rap music. The music was so loud with bass so thumping I turned around, went down to the front desk to change rooms. The front desk clerk said they'd already had complaints and "we are sending someone up, you'll be fine". I made her change my room and why hadn't she already sent someone up if they had a complaint? The room was ok but the carpet is worn stained and the air conditioner stopped working around 3am and smelled like it was burning up. I need the white noise to sleep and was awaken constantly by doors slamming starting at 4:30am. The second night was better but the maid set my shower head so it would nail me when I turned it on, which is always nice with cold water. The third night I had to move rooms since they had booking issues because their property across the street had a roof leak and it closed the whole hotel. AVOID ROOM 202 AT ALL COST! It's right next to the highway and I'd had an equal night sleep had I choosen a cot in the median of the highway, it was like the windows were open and every truck motorcycle and hot rod could be heard too clearly, I tried to sleep in but the maid knocked (I had my do not disturb sign on my door and it was there when I opened it) she just wanted to know if I'd checked out already, this was at 9am, my checkout was set to noon. Needless to say I wasn't very friendly and when I complained to the front desk they said housekeeping isn't supposed to knock when my DND is out.

I would avoid this property as well as the Four Points across the street (Massive flooding inside= mold) and the Sheridan Suites, they are all owned by the same company, I've stayed in all three and they always make me sorry my company didn't put me in a Marriott property.

p.s. bring flip flops - the grout in the bathroom is completely gross.
Aloft is definitely NOT of the usual Starwood calibre: the flimsy bed coverings (just a sheet thrown over a flimsy blanket that they use as a mattress pad and no mattress cover- eww, haven't they heard of bedbugs?), for one, and while I can appreciate their efforts toward modern, sleek design, the decor was just plain ugly. The colors were hideous. Starwood's ugly suburban wannabe cousin, indeed.  

Having said that, however, it was a great place to stay if you have a layover. I was put up for free by my airline because of their immense F-up, and tired, frustrated, and achy as I was, Aloft was a great respite from the tremendously long day I had, 20 hours of it sitting on a plane. 

I had no problem with noise; my room looked out onto the swimming pool and outdoor patio (where people were drinking and hanging out), the freeway and airport beyond, but was very quiet and peaceful. I had also been hostelling in Europe, so comparatively the king size bed, flat screen tv, and the shower that can fit two with the European rainfall showerhead was an extravagant luxury. 

There's no restaurant, just a snack bar that's really no better than a glorified vending machine. If you're car-less and eating late, like me, your options are the crappy overpriced food at the other hotels in the compound, a $30/per way cab fare to downtown Philly, or delivery from some local strip mall shop. I opted for Chinese. And then settled into the giant bed, freshly showered, watching cable television, enjoying all of the glorious, super-sized, convenient splendor that is America, thinking about how nice it is to be home.
Got a deal through Hotwire and so happy I did. Great hotel, GREAT staff.
Sweet rooms, super bar tender and the staff's suggestion for breakfast at Green Eggs Cafe ROCKED.
Ehh. A bit overpriced for what feels like sleeping in an Ikea dorm room.
So ALoft hotels seem to be set up like a college down except a bit more sophisticated and polished. Which is not necessarily a bad thing it's just if that's not what you're used to or looking for then ALoft hotels may not be for you. They seem to want to cater to the 35 and under crowd at just an FYI. This particular location is no exception. Our room was clean, nice, nothing seemed old, and the beds we're comfy. Our only complaint was we literally could hear every vehicle on the interstate as they drove by. Engine, tires, music, and all were in super HD clarity! Nothing was muffled or even blocked out. For that I have to only go with 3 stars. I'm a heavy sleeper so it didn't bother me but if you're a light sleeper such as my wife you might want to look elsewhere.
Don't stay here! The staff is rude. I asked for a late check out and before I could even get the full sentence out the lady at the front cuts me off and say, "nope, we fully booked tomorrow". Then I asked for extra pillows when they serviced my room. I went out for the day and left the room with 4 pillows. When I came back, there were only 2. I called front desk and she said, "let me call you back". She never did call me back. Instead she sent this sloppy security guard up with 1 pillow. He stuck it out and said, "that's all we got!" I responded, "ummm one sec. what happened...". Him, "THATS ALL WE GOT WHAT YOU WANT ME TO DO?!" By this time he was already by the elevator speaking very aggressively and loud. I just shut the door. I have family in Philly and I visit often. I will never stay here again! Just horrible the way they treat their guest.
*** also, I check online and they are NOT fully booked tomorrow
Very nice, convienet, and quite stay. The hotel is very close to the airport in fact I could see it outside my window across the street. There is also a free shuttle which will take you to and from the airport. The only downside this location is that it is about a 10-15 minute commute to downtown Philadelphia and there is not much to eat (via Seamless) or to do in the area surrounding.
My husband paid up front to stay here.This was our first time in Philadelphia we were there celebratimg my b day.When we arrived they had no parking so we checked in first. First lady had an unpleasant attitude.. my husband tried to make it better by asking her how she was doing. We went to our room and he left to go park the car at another lot around the block. A woman knocked on the door amd said we are checking for a foul odor she pokes her nose in the door and sniffs like a dog. She then said ok its not you guys and walks off. I told my husband when he returned from parking he thought it was odd being that we just arrived and did not smoke.The next morning during check out we were hit with a 250.00 smoking fee.. After going back amd forth my husband asked to call yhe manager.. same lady with a different wig.. she said oh no I smelled it in your room? what??? she clearly said it wasnt us and hit us with a fee..mind  you we never smoked amd she clearly told me its not you guys after sniffing the room!!!!! she insisted she smelled somethimg and decided that she would go check the room This woman went through our garbage.with plaastic gloves to tell us she would  finally take the charges off because there was clearly no evidence.. Never in my life! no apologies from this woman.. The gentleman was apologetic and stated that sometimes ppl go outside to smoke cigarettes come back in and are charged with a fee because they smell like smoke. This woman needs to be educated in customer service and also needs to learn how not to be a liar to a grown woman.
 Ill never recommend this place to anyone..
Clean, new, modern. Scandinavian-esque rooms.  Clubby bar and pool table in the front.  Good  and decently priced snacks (like Clif bars and hummos and whole wheat pretzels and fruit), and eats (decent looking salads and sandwiches) and a coffee bar.   Room was totally comfortable and clean and there are Bliss spa products in the bathroom and shower!  Movies, cable, etc.  Free Wired and Spin magazine and internet access.  No complaints.  An easy 20 minute drive from downtown Philadelphia.  Staff was fine.
Our first experience here 2 years ago resulted in a very sour taste in our mouths.  A 5am flight made us stay at an airport hotel with shuttle so we could maximize our beauty rest before 12 hours of plane travel.  Beauty rest we did not get, at all.  There were really rude people on the same floor as us that decided from 10:30pm-2am they would sing at the top of their lungs, dance and bang on the walls, scream/yell, run up and down the halls, etc etc - repeated calls to the front desk resulted only in security coming a few times to tell them to quiet down.  My 4th call made the "guests" start yelling even louder - threatening bodily harm on us because security decided to TELL THEM which rooms called so they tried to open the adjoining door to our room, bang on it, curse at us, told us to "show our faces and fight", call us all the names under the sun (We actually have voice recording of the whole incident)  I called down for the 5th  (maybe 6th, totally lost count) time stating I was going to call the police this time....while my husband tried to contact someone at the corporate office.  After a corporate representative contacted my husband within a few moments of his contact, telling him they would have the situation corrected immediately....security finally kicked out the "guests".  It was truly a nightmare.

Fast forward two years, and we decide to give the Aloft another shot as we had another 5am flight.  Brave of us, some may say masochistic?  Maybe both, haha

Hence the 3 stars, as our last stay here went off without a hitch.
We requested to be put on a quiet floor, and the front desk obliged stating they put us on the same floor as the pilots and flight attendants.....all people who would most likely be quietly resting or sleeping!  It was nice and quiet indeed.  Shower was clean, bed was comfortable, air con just right.  We got some sleep, the shuttle to the airport was on time........we let out a sigh of relief......saying to each other that we may just stay there again.
Myself and 2 girlfriends booked a room here at the rate of $189 a night for a Lady Gaga concert.  We had lots of choices but Aloft seemed to be a bit more modern and a better fit for us so we booked it.  The concert was changed from a Monday to a Thursday due to a NBA game so I called and changed the reservation from Monday to Thursday and was told "this will not be a problem".  

We arrived around 4pm to check it.  The front desk girl looked up our reservation and informed us "you were a no call no show on Monday night."  I explained we had changed our reservation and was told it wouldn't be a problem. She laughed and said, "well you need to call our main number and take it up with them because we are booked tonight and I can't help you."   

My girlfriend immediately called the main number for reservations and was put on hold. So as we sat in the lobby on the phone we decided to get a drink, we needed a drink.  First impression of the hotel was ok it did seem modern like the pictures, however, it was small and the snacks were extremely over priced.  That particular day is was muggy outside and they opted to have the doors open with no air on!  It was hot and considering we could not retire to our room we were suck in the muggy hot lobby.

Anyway, we got some drinks.  The bartender was very friendly and helpful.   We explained what was going on and he was the first to some ANY empathy with our situation.  My friend who is on the phone with "reservations"  was getting no where.  They found the note that said our reservation should have been changed but then said someone must have switched it back!  They switched it without informing us?  The mistake was made on Sheraton's (Aloft corporate) behalf however they still weren't doing ANYTHING to help us.  The man on the phone kept calling Aloft's front desk person....the same girl who was rude to us!  This went on for almost 2 hours!!!! The bartender suggested going to the Four Points Sheraton because the general manager is usually over there.

There was 3 Sheraton owned hotels is this small cluster.  My other girlfriend walked over to that hotel to find a manager.  At this point no manager had actually approached us at the hotel!  For a second we actually thought maybe we were being punked.  At this point it's 6 pm and the concert starts at 7 and we had STILL not checked into a room.  A manager from the other hotel came over and told us they were aware of the problem but no this moment in time there is no rooms available at Aloft and they could offer us a room at one of their other hotels.  Running out of time we took it so we walked across the street to Four Points at Sheraton.

This place was a dump.  It was old and outdated but the front desk was nice, checked us in and called a cab for us.  The hallway to our room was stinky and extremely hot! Def no air conditioning in the hallway.  Our room was ok, it looked like a room you would rent for a hotel party when you were 16 but hey at least we had somewhere to stay and could still go to the concert.  

Just for shits and giggles I looked up how much a room was there a night.....$129.  Do you think that manager should have credited the difference? Absolutely! It was never suggested by them and at this point even if they did I WOULD NEVER STAY AT A SHERATON OWNED HOTEL EVER AGAIN!

I travel a lot for work and mostly stay at Marriott. This is the last time I book something that seems "hip" instead of trusting a name like Marriott.  If they didn't have those neighboring hotels we would have had a place to stay....it really would have ruined our whole night!  The way they handle the situation was sub par and no one ever even followed up me after. Horrible service!

Safe travels,

Dana
Hotel needs some TLC. 

Rooms need to be upgraded , carpet is stained , mold in showers and on tile floor . 

While the staff is super friendly and helpful .. it doesn't make up for the low quality of food and overall cleanliness . The lobby bar was out of most of the food we attempted to order .. we finally got chips and salsa which was overpriced and something I could get at a convenience store . 

We ordered breakfast and I'll let the pictures speak for themselves .
I would have to say I was quite disappointed in the hotel room.  Little small and the mirror door to the shower was cracked mold in the shower the bench in our room was dirty.  I gave it a 3 because the staff were very friendly.  My husband needed milk for his pills 2 70 for a small box..
Overnight stay before flight home to Dallas the next morning. Upon arrival was told by staff we had no reservation. I showed the Front Deskman (Mannie) our confirmation paperwork via booking.com...and he indicated they would accommodate me since they weren't "soldout" which sorta annoyed me as I took it to mean had they been full we would have been SOL and sent on our way by no fault of our own. I blame booking.com though. However, let me point out my interactions with Mannie were excellent and he handled the situation very well. Again at no fault of the hotel I was alittle surprised to find the hotel pool and even the lounging area by the bar overrun with kids. The pool was filled to the brim with out of control screaming grade school and younger kids with one grandparent watching...well...she was actually looking at her phone but at least she was in the pool area with them. The bar area had been taken over by suburban parents swigging beers and letting their tween boys (a lacrosse team?) bang around on the pool table and completely monopolize the lounge area close to their oblivious parents. We had a couple of cocktails at the bar after dinner and were delighted to see the bartender was as annoyed with the situation as much as we were. The whole reason we chose Aloft was to avoid this experience of loud kids and their parents in Tahoes. Our room on the lobby level was nice enough except for the flat pillows...the bathroom door was broke and the AC fan not loud enough to drown out the kids in the next room and their barking dog. The doors to the rooms were exceptionally heavy and all night there was the constant slamming of them. We had dinner at the 4 Points next door which was basic but ok (and pricey). I felt bad for the waiter who had the entire dining room to serve by himself while what appeared to be management loitered around the bar. We had no issue with parking and our parking fee was comped by Mannie for the reservation error issues. I suppose being an airport hotel I shouldn't expect much for the hotel grounds but I noticed several areas in the parking lot and drive up where debris and garbage appeared to have been longterm. Alot of the windows and glass doors in the public area were filthy. Will we go back? Nope...but Mannie was great though...another example of an employee being better than their companies hard product and it's clientele.
I'm not a big fan of the Aloft hotels.  However the staff at this hotel was very nice.  These hotels remind me of college dorms more than a nice hotel room.  They always seem a little louder then the average hotel room.  Part of that comes from the bar being right on the middle of everything.
Stayed here for a wedding and found the place quite nice.  Room was simple yet comfortable, Bliss products for use and the bed was comfortable.
Just enjoyed an overnight stay here with my family a couple of weeks ago. It was our first time staying in an Aloft hotel. Overall, we enjoyed our stay with a few exceptions. First the good: good location, convenient parking, bright and updated dcor. The bad: although the dcor looks good from afar, up-close you can tell this place was cheaply put together. The furniture, walls, linens, everything just feels cheap. I'm also not a fan of the open bathroom concept, especially with kids involved. Now to the really bad: the pool. OMG. We walked into the indoor pool area expecting to have a nice swim with our kids but stopped in our tracks when we took a look at the pool. The water was green. GREEN!!! It looked so ridiculously dirty that I thought it was a joke. We walked out of there without stepping one toe in that water. YUCK.
