This is a rather small hotel bar at a hotel that barely has, but needs more of a lobby and more seats for hanging out.

That being said, I did get a seat at the bar around 9 PM. Very, very nice woman bartender.

I ordered the cocktail with vanilla, yes vanilla. I have never had a Hennessy vanilla-inspired cocktail before and this was quite good.

Name of the cocktail: The problem we all live with according to Rockwell. Seriously that was its name.

Food doesn't look so good, so I ate elsewhere during my conference. Many good places nearby. But my vanilla cocktail was delicious.
Stayed at Sonesta and went down to ArtBar for a quick bite around dinner time before exploring Philadelphia.

Waiter took so long that when he finally came, we placed order for drinks and food. We ordered waters, Diet Coke, sliders, Caesar salad and spinach and artichoke dip. He came back later to tell me they were out of Diet Coke. Sliders were meant to come with bacon and Gorgonzola. Came with no gorgonzola and little bacon bits, soggy lettuce and unripe tomatoes. Bread was dry and tasteless. Spinach dip was inedible and instead of pita chips (they were out), it came with Lays potato chips. Oddly, it came in glass dish with a plastic spoon stuck in it.

Needless to say, bad experience, terrible food.
I stayed at the hotel one week for work, and I visited Art Bar twice.  It's very convenient if you're staying there, and want a drink after work.  I noticed that a lot of people come in off the street for a drink or two, and then get out.  It's in a good location, so you can walk to a lot from there.  I had a chicken sandwich; it was fine.  The bartender's were fabulous, and kept me entertained with great conversation.  If I stay at the hotel again, I anticipate I'll be back at the corner seat of the bar again.
I don't get the sense that they're trying to lock in repeat business at this place. Same experience as others described-
Service: slow, inattentive
Food: bland
It was a burger, and I would have honestly traded it for one from McDonald's.

There are tons of good places to eat around here, so I regret not finding someplace else where I could enjoy dinner
This is located in the Sonesta Hotel. Worst part of our whole trip was eating here for breakfast! Took 45 minutes just to get breakfast! My husbands eggs came out with potatoe wedges when everyone else's came out with tater tots & my "avocado toast" was disgusting!! It looked & tasted like leftover or store bought guacamole on toast with egg whites that were microwaved & thrown on top!
I went to the artbar for a couple drinks and something to snack on. I ordered crab cakes and they were delicious! I had the bartender make me a drink and I was not really surprised with that but it was all right. I will still go back to enjoy the crab cakes.
Kind staff, they have a quieter side and the bar where a lot of people meet each other for drinks. Our groups of friends relaxed in the back side where it was much quieter. It is connected to  our hotel (Sonesta) so it was a really convenient location. They were accommodating and catered well to our needs. Would return again!
Service is slowww.  Had to ask for menu, check physically at the bar.
Sliders were horrible. I believe it was the burger everyone was talking about because you can tell they cut up a whole size burger to make the sliders.
Staff was nice, quesadilla and crabcakes were okay.
If I was lazy to eat out...that was the only reason to revisit.
Ate here for our two breakfasts during our stay at the hotel as well as had their happy hour. So as for breakfast, their sausage egg and cheese bagel sandwich was pretty tasty, real sausage and real eggs (not overly cooked). As for their breakfast drink, I had an iced cafe mocha which left a odd taste in my mouth, I believe it was the syrup that they used as a sweetener. It was a weird bitter sweet taste. The hot chocolate still had reminisce of the powder mix (but still tasty after mixing it some more). As for their happy hour, it's convenient since it's in the lobby of the hotel but the prices werent to die for. During happy hour the glass of wine was $10 and a small selection of drinks came down to maybe $8. The mojitos tasted like straight club soda. So why 3 stars? Probably because the atmosphere was really chic and modern, plus the convenience of it being in our lobby.  Had we stayed elsewhere I would have given less stars.
The first server during the day was pretty rude.  Ordered a cheeseburger and the bun seemed like it was just defrosted in the microwave.  Price for microwaved burger not worth it.  The setup was pretty nice.  Lots of tables.
The food is really terrible. I expected more from such a nice hotel chain. The French fries were Ore-ida. The burgers were frozen patties. 

The decor is cool and in line with the style of the rest of the hotel. The server was very friendly and efficient. But, don't go beyond getting a nightcap or an early morning coffee here.
I went to ArtBar for breakfast because my family and I were staying at the hotel. Based on my experience, I recommend staying away from ArtBar for any meal. 

The service was incredibly slow. Although the staff wasn't particularly rude, they were extremely inattentive and ineffective. We waited half an hour for our food and no one apologized or asked how we were doing. 

Once we got our food, it became apparent that the entire operation is subpar. The potatoes were cold and the omelettes were runny and swimming in a yellow liquid. When we asked why there was so much liquid, the waitress made a comment about how butter makes eggs do that. We didn't fight her on that because we had waited so long and she seemed like she wouldn't do anything about it anyway. Instead, we all nibbled away at our mostly inedible food. 

For anyone staying at Sonesta, my suggestion is to go to a nearby diner around the block.
Staff were very nice even tho we came towards end of breakfast service. I had Art-Inental. Interesting combo of yogurt, fruit and lemony pound cake. Delicious. 
My husband had typical breakfast of eggs and bacon. He said it was ok but rather greasy. However we've noticed that generally nyc and here seem to have consistently greasier food than where we live in LA. So the 4 stars is based on the uniqueness of mine and how nice our server was.
Stayed at the Sonesta Hotel for a couple of nights, decided to check out the Art Bar which is connected to the hotel.

Modern bar with great drinks. We ordered the Warhol's Wild Raspberry and the Whistler's Mother.  Both drinks were fabulous.  Reasonably priced drinks.  Can't comment on any of the small plates since we only had drinks but they sound good and are very reasonably priced.  Nice hotel bar.
extremely slow service; the waiter was not attentive at all.  I had to get up and find the waiter just to ask to have my water glass refilled; he was too busy chatting with his co-workers to notice it had been empty for 30 + minutes.  With other bars with better menus/atmospheres it would be wise for this place to try to get a hold on the market with good service.  Head to any of the numerous bars in the area where the generic white wine list will be the same, the prices the same, or cheaper, and the service much better.
Okay so I've rarely had a bad experience since moving to Philadelphia. It was my moms birthday and we were celebrating that but I had just gotten off work (about eight or so) and we decided to go out for drinks. After sitting down for about five minutes we still hadn't been greeted by a server so I went up to the bar to order. I was told that a server would be over shortly so I went to sit down. A server came over shortly after, friendly enough but left before asking if we wanted food. Waited awhile before going back up to the bar but eventually I did order from the bar. About ten minutes later the server reappeared to tell me they didn't have what I had ordered but he'd give me something else for the same price. I said that's fine, no problem. I ordered something else, which took forever. It was calamari, fried and coated in some kind of spicy pasta sauce and Parmesan. It was odd to say the least and kind of chewy. We asked for the check and I had to go to the bar to ask for the rest of my food to be wrapped up. All in all, not a great experience.
