I found great deal on "Booking" website compared to other hotel booking websites. 

The Service: Check-in process was efficient, Nicole had done an excellent job assisting me. Love the FREE breakfast in the morning!!

The Room: The bed is comfortable and the room is good size. 

The Location: Walking distance to many tourist attractions. There are a few bus lines near by as well. Reading Terminal Market is less than 10 minutes walk from the hotel. So many varieties of food there!!

There are maps and brochures for sightseeing at the lobby.
I stayed here for one night while in town for a convention at the convention center. I was happy with the location (it is located a few blocks away from the convention center), and the breakfast in the morning. 

I decided to use the valet parking because I didn't want to have to park my car myself. I don't know much about where the self-park is, but I felt like the valet did a good job. I did have to wait for about 10 minutes when I checked in for the valet to come to get my car, but I don't know if that wait is typical or not. 

This hotel is located in Chinatown, so we found some delicious Chinese food restaurants nearby (check some of my other reviews). Also, this is a few blocks away from Reading Terminal Market--a fun, indoor market with lots of good food and coffee and shopping. My only complaint about the location is there are not alot of bars nearby. We were looking to go have a drink and watch a game, but we couldn't find any sports bars. Maybe if we took a Lyft or walked further, we could have found one. 

We were happy with the location and price. If we are in town, we will definitely stay here again.
Looks like I'm the first vocal fan for this new hotel...

I was quite impressed with the decor and cleanliness from the moment I walked in.  Beautiful and spacious lobby, has it's own bar, actually good infused drinking water with sturdy full-sized cups, two banks of elevators, handy touch-screen display for those who need tips for the city, nice high-top work space, nice tables, nice breakfast/kitchen area (where I was given no issue using the microwave during late night hours).

Nicely sized room (adequate for being a wee hike from the heart of CC, and considering the neighborhood), comfortable enough beds, nice big screen tv, awkwardly designed through decently-sized and modern one-person bathroom (my sink area needed some attention to ensure water doesn't leak on to the vanity/floor), safe, mini-fridge, nice amount of drawer space (though a pathetically small closet), decent light fixtures, carpet could use some cleaning, nice sheets.

I hardly heard my neighbors during a two night stay.  I would advise asking for an inside room, if you are sensitive to noise from the alley (this BWP is located right by a major street and highway, and there is a night club next door).

Staff were also nice.  Check-in and check out were handled by friendly people, the night shift folk seemed equally friendly, housekeeping were also friendly.  I was a few minutes late checking out, and received no hassle or charge.

And the WiFi was good speed (especially considering it was complimentary) for my entire stay (and I used it a lot, for internet browsing, emailing, and streaming).

I'd consider staying again!
I booked and paid for a King sized room, was given a room w two double beds; exhausted from travel I took it without complaint. Room was clean enough, though the carpet is showing wear and tear; hallways and elevator were in need of cleaning. After a night of terrible sleep--between the street noises and that of the noisy neighbors--I requested a room switch. I appreciate that the staff accommodated this request. 

Hotel needs some upkeep: only one elevator goes to the 7th floor and that one kept going to the wrong floors, and by-passing floors. 

I booked this hotel for a conference at the convention center, if I have a future conference in Philly I'd book a hotel closer to the convention center, as the hotels closer to Reading Market were nicer, also I didn't like having to travel over the expressway to where I needed to go. Lastly, this hotel is located in a food desert.
This place needs some work in respect to the quality of basic amenities expected of a hotel. While the hotel staff are friendly and respectful, the quality of the hotel in respect to the price that guest pay was inequivalent. As a frequent traveler, I was quiet disappointed with my stay.  During my weekend stay, I experienced a shower without hot water as well as a broken air conditioning unit.  In the first room that I was assigned to, the shower water was ice cold, and did not heat as expected. When I called down to the front desk to have the shower looked at and fixed, I was told that they would come up to the room to fix it before 9pm. After stepping out for dinner and returning to the hotel room at 10:30pm, I tested the shower, and again, the water was ice cold. I then called down to the front desk again to see if they ever sent someone to the room, and admittedly so, they had not.  i then was moved to another room down the hall with a working shower, however as a trade-off the air conditioning unit was broken. Again the next day i called down to ask if the AC unit could be fixed, however my request were ignored. 

I hope this feedback will be utilized to improve the quality of rooms and service provided for others who may choose to stay at this establish. However, sadly due to my experience staying at this hotel this weekend, this is not a hotel I would recommend to others to stay while visiting the city of brotherly love.
Room was clean but very small. Showers were small and cold. It is at a great location, we walked everywhere from our hotel. Receptionist was very nice and helped us find a good place to eat. Breakfast was not big, but it was delicious! Walls were a little thin so I recommend bringing something to drown out the noise when you are sleeping.
Should get zero stars .. unfriendly staff.. dirty room .. stayed 3 nights . Cleaned bathroom floor on arrival because of dirt.. no service on second day after asking several times and being away most of the day . Third day bed was made , dirty towels that were on floor, were thrown back on rack . Somehow the bathroom floor was dirtier than when we left .. nothing in this room was clean.. the breakfast was the worst we have ever experienced at best western, each morning it was a bit different .. but somehow just kept getting worse .. This is not a best western or should not be ..we were scared to death to use the elevator in lobby area.. it jerks up and down like it's going to fall .. it is broke and not safe , but nobody seemed to care .. I can't think of one positive thing to say about this property..
The room felt dirty. The walls are PAPER THIN. There were bugs crawling around the bathroom. The sheets are rough and very cheap. I was supposed to stay for 4 nights while attending a conference, but I checked out after the first.  Someone pulled the fire alarm at 2am. There were bums smoking in the staircase. You can hear anything that happens in the hallway on your floor. AVOID!
A nice hotel with friendly staff, but they are absolutely understaffed. Our check-in took an hour. We had to sit in the lobby with about 5 other families. That was annoying. The room was clean and nice, no complaints there. The location is close to downtown Philly and you can Uber anywhere in the downtown area for like $10. Parking is not included in the price, which is to be expected for a hotel at this price and location. I think it's $22 if you need to park here. Breakfast is good, but again, they didn't have enough staff to keep everything stocked. I would stay here again because it's fine for the price. We paid $140 a night.
Stayed here for a weekend trip to Philly with my son. Uber from the airport and the driver didn't know about this hotel and because it's on a 1 way street we got dropped at the corner. This was pretty common with Uber. Once at the hotel we were greeted by friendly staff that got us easily and quickly checked in and answered questions we had. The room itself was small compared to most I've stayed in but clean and functional. The shower was a bit weird because of the way the door opens you had to be in the shower to turn it on. No one wants that rush of cold water. The bathroom was fairly modern and otherwise nice. The hotel is located close to China town but still walking distance to most attractions. Just under a mile from most. I've stayed in 4 & 5 star hotels and this is not one nor do they claim to be. They are a 3 star hotel and a solid 3 star at that. Probably 3.5. Overall I would say the hotel is what they advertise and I would have no hesitation about a return stay.
Okay. I booked this hotel for two weekend nights for $140 a night through trivago although I found out I could have had it for $99 a night through their own website, but that is not the reason for my low rating for this hotel.
First, the staff is great and are motivated but here is my rating.
1. Great, free breakfast served from 7 am to 10 am. Big tip, get there at 7 and you will get the full range of their buffet. After that, no guarantees as they don't really re-supply. Case in point, I got there at 7 and got everything but my late rising partner went at 9 am and found only a cold hard boiled egg. Hey, you snooze, you lose.
Scrambled eggs, weak coffee, bacon, yogurt, orange juice, toast, bagels, raisin bran, fruit loops cereal and sliced pineapples served.
But what is really impressive is you can make your own waffles if you follow the instructions listed on both waffle makers. Delicious.
However, the Reading Terminal market is three city blocks away, and the Dutch Amish operated Dutch Eating Place opens at 8 am, closed on Sundays and this is the best,best ever breakfast you can ever eat. However, if you get there after 8, you have to wait for a counter space, but it is worth it. Another tip, went to the Terminal on Saturday at 12 and it was packed with a million people. Could not eat there then.
2. Hotel is three blocks from Reading Terminal Market and it is in a desolate area with no food or liquor stores nearby. You have to cross a very busy street so watch the traffic lights as cars speed at 60 miles per hour.
3. The problem. I asked for a quiet room when I reserved a room. Instead, I got a room facing The 8 lane wide Vine Street Expressway. i am a light sleeper and had to sleep during 8 hours of loud, non-stop bus, truck and car traffic. Even with a pillow over my head and the window closed, I did not sleep. The kicker is, I talked to another hotel guest and he told me he slept like a baby as he had a room at the rear of the hotel.  
4. Chinatown is five blocks away, and you can get inexpensive lunches and dinners there.
This sound problem alone is a deal breaker. Spend extra money and reserve a room elsewhere. Until this hotel spend extra money and get sound insulated windows.
Stayed here for the Eagle vs Redskins game! Location wise it's not bad, it's 10 min from the arena. Client service was good at check in however Valet parking was an issue. The attendants should work on their people skills.  Valet parking was very expensive and poor in service.  My room was expensive and very small. I attempted to increase the AC in my room because it was so hot it woke me up out my sleep.The AC did not work well.  I chose this hotel because I was in need of a room and not many were available in addition to making a last moment decision to attend the game. I would not recommend this hotel to others.. Too small, too expensive, and badly trained valet service attendants.
Positives: Clean comfortable rooms
Negatives: Poor customer service
                    Expensive parking $20 day
They checked me out before my stay was over. Had to have travelocity call them personally to fix. This process took over an hour. Two days in a row I had someone banging on my door trying to get in because they had sold me room. The second day I figured out why.  I can't imagine what would have happened if I wasn't there with all my stuff in the room.
Stayed here for 1 night, and it was good! The lobby is clean and modern, and the staff was super helpful. Elaine hooked us up with a room before our check-in time which was awesome. The rooms aren't the most modern, but they are clean and have all the regular amenities. The location is also pretty convenient, right by the convention center, Reading Terminal, a lot of shopping, and a short trek over to the Liberty Bell and other attractions. Would recommend this hotel for sure!
