This place is seriously the cutest! I was so impressed with the fact that they put these lodge areas, couches and perfect ski trip scenes under an overpass in the middle of philadelphia! Even my hardup Latino parents were all about taking pictures on the couches. We came just to see what is was about and not ice skate, as it was raining, and I am so glad we stayed! We spent a few minutes rating the epic falls on the ice and cringing at the possible finger amputations that could occur on the ice. Then we walked around, grabbed a drink by the firepits and genuinely enjoyed relaxing and chatting as if we were off for a weekend at the poconos. 

After quite a few photo ops we got into a serious air hockey battle in the arcade, right before finding the oversized Connect 4 for more "friendly" competition. Sadly we had just had dinner, otherwise it would have been great to grab some chickie & pete's fries or anything else from the delicious vendors inside. 

This place is great for families, friends, adults, kids and of course...yelpers! Also it is open until late, we were there at 10 PM and it still had a good crowd. I look forward to coming back.
Love The Lodge at the RiverRink! My husband's former company threw his farewell party there, and we had a private area catered with huge trays of Chickie's crab fries. Amazing. 

I was back again for a family fun night on Saturday and we had a blast. The ice was pretty crowded for the 5pm skate but not enough that you couldn't get around without knocking into people, if you can skate somewhat strategically. I did see quite a few spills. 

Our crew ice skated for probably 25 minutes tops before we decided to warm up in The Lodge. I love the selection of beers, wine and hot spiked beverages. There are also food offerings from Chickie & Pete's, Garces and Franklin Fountain. We grabbed a bunch of food to share and I have to admit the cheesesteak from C&P's hit the spot. 

Why not five stars? The bathroom situation is dire. It's one of those trailer bathrooms that are often just fine, but looked absolutely gross on the night we visited. I took one look and turned right back around. The bathrooms inside the rink are a much safer bet.
Unless you plan on actually ice skating, I think you're going to be bored with this little festival. When I went the rink was temporarily closed, so I took some time to wander around the grounds a little. Let me tell you, this place is so tiny.

Of course it's super cute and aesthetically pleasing at least. I can imagine it's nicest near the holidays, lit up with decorations. There's plenty of food options at least (despite a hefty price tag), and the lodge is mercifully heated. There's an extremely small arcade that kids might get a kick out of, but adults will most likely be underwhelmed by.

Go closer to the holidays for the full experience. Make sure you get to skate. Aside from those things, there's not a whole lot being offered here.
I absolutely love this place! Perfect for a date night or even some fun for the kids (that are old enough to ice skate). 

Here's the run down: It's free to get into but there's a $20 fee to park in their lot. If you're balling on a budget I would suggest finding metered street parking & walking. Also, there's usually a Groupon where you can get ice skating tickets for a fraction of the normal price. 

There's a few activities that include ice skating, arcade games, and corn hole. You won't need to worry about the cold weather. There are plenty of outdoor heaters and fire pits to keep everyone fairly warm. They have small decorated cabins that are available to rent for a decent rate that fit about 10-20 people. 

For food they have your basic go to options. There is a Chickie's & Pete's inside the heated lodge which seemed to be very popular. For the adults there are alcoholic beverages available! I tried the salted caramel hot chocolate with rum and it was amazing! Overall I had a great time & I can't wait to return.
This place is INCREDIBLE! I knew going in that I was going to love it because it's by the same people that set up the Pop Up Garden on Broad. And this place didn't fail to deliver! The grounds are gorgeously landscaped (PHS wouldn't have it any other way) and the lights are stunning. 
The drinks are great (see the picture I posted) and my favorite is the spiked hot cider. The hot chocolate with vanilla vodka was awesome too, but a little too heavy for me to drink all night. But if you're a chocolate lover, it's a safe bet you'll never go without vanilla vodka in your cocoa ever again. 
The food was delicious! They had mashed potato fritters...yes balls of fluffy mashed potatoes and delicately deep fried served atop short rib. You read that right. I split one with the fiance and then went back up and got another order. The turkey leg with gravy looked insane, and by the speed that my friend ate it- I'm assuming it was great too. The vegetarian chili was perfectly spiced and made my meat loving fiance a convert (so much so, he stole it from me. lol). 
Head over here for the skating, the s'mores by the fire, the drinks and just to relax in something that looks like a classic Christmas movie.
This is a great place to take your family or go out on a date. 

They have a lot of food options here. It is pretty expensive though. I might bring my own food next time. I feel for the Chickie's fries. Save your money, don't order them. I woke up today and my wedding ring was tight on my finger because of all the salt from the night before. Order a side of their cheese sauce and buy your fries elsewhere. 

The crab Mac and cheese balls caught me off guard at first. I bit into one without the sauce and I was extremely disappointed. I thought they were over cooked and dry. ($20 for fries and over cooked balls.) That was until I tried the balls with their sauce that they come with. Whoa, big game changer. It really tied all the flavors together. 

As for the ice rink, it's a decent size. They offer these little things that kids or adults could push around the ice to help them learn how to skate and or not fall. 

$10 for skates and ice time. ($14 if you don't have blue cross health insurance). 

They have a nice heated area indoors where I spent most of my time while waiting for my husband and daughter. They have heat lamps and fire pits outside also.

Ps.. wiz wit is a real thing.. so for all the hate about having my steak with cheese wiz... worry about your own cheese ;)
If you're a basic b*tch like me, you'll love Winterfest and all it has to offer. If you're athletic, there is ice skating! For real b*tches there is The Lodge: an Abercrombie & Fitch vision of an Aspen ski lodge, complete with moose head printouts and doors that lead to nowhere.

For the perks: all draft beers are $6 and liquor drinks are $8, but must be mixed with something else.

Did not try the food here, but I did spy cheese fries, which looked really good.

All & all, I will return.
Brought to you my the amazing ladies of Art Star and the ingenious folks who orchestrated PHS Broad Street Garden this summer, comes the Winterfest (or here, the Lodge at the Waterfront)  Cobbled together from recycling shipping containers (brilliant), strewn with festive white lights, banners, serving alcohol and delicious bites, this is the perfect scenic accompaniment to the ice rink adjacent.  Adorable fire pits can keep you warm outside as you sip on an alcoholic cider, hot chocolate with absolut vanilla or a very seasonally appropriate Victory Winter Cheer - or choose to stay indoors and hang out on the bales of hay or play a little ping pong.

Super family friendly by day, and perfect holiday destination by night.  For the next weekends, Fridays - Sundays into the New Year, there will be a rotating selection of vendors selling their wares (skip KOP!) - perfect for your thoughtful and unique holiday shopping pickins!
I'm so glad the Lodge has its own review page! I can't stand up straight on ice skates, but this pop-up lodge next to the rink? It's wonderful! You can come here, drink some beer and pretend winter isn't completely awful and gross for a couple hours.

I came here during the Brewfest event so my experience might have been different than on a regular night. The lodge was packed to the gills with people sampling away with neon green bracelets on. PS: What a great event idea? Maybe making it ticketed entry would have been better to control the crowd flow a little bit, but otherwise, thumbs up!

It's not heated inside, but it's not as cold as it is outside, of course. Plus, you can distract yourself by playing some fun games, like the tabletop hockey game! Fun, fun.

Beer selections and prices were great. Food? Not so much. My burger was so sad looking. It was the most pathetic burger I had seen in a long time. It was definitely not worth the price. I recommend eating ahead of time. I was still hungry after finishing it, which is saying quite a bit.

You can also head outside to a colorfully lit area where there are also perfect photo-ops with Mr. Ben.

Yep. Big fan.
I'm seriously considering buying some ice skates for next winter thanks to the riverside rink at Winterfest.   With my BCBS insurance card, the small skate fee ($3 adults, $2 kids) is waived.  Of course they really make their money from the $10 skate rental fee.   But the thought of being able to exercise for free every winter is almost tempting enough to make me invest in my own pair!  I didn't even realize I still knew how to ice skate until my 7 year old son insisted on going this year.   Although that didn't work out so well, I rediscovered an activity that I used to really enjoy.   And what desk jockey couldn't use a compelling reason to go outside and exercise?

Beyond the rink, there is plenty to amuse both kids and grown folk alike from the indoor arcade to the outdoor fire pits, food stands and beverages.   We've been on crowded nights with the whole family, and it was super festive over the holiday season.   I'm generally annoyed by crowds but the atmosphere was so fun that it felt like a nice shared experience with everyone.   Maybe I was just tipsy.  Anyway, the kids loved the big connect 4 games outdoors & with the twinkly lights, oversized chairs and river view everyone left happy.
What a cute little carnival down at Penns Landing.

We went for roller skating - after too many years than I care to divulge here :)

It's a pretty good sized rink and well maintained. I don't know how long it's been here but I'm glad it is here. The rental skates are well maintained and in good nick. If you forget to bring socks, don't worry, they sell them there for $3. There's also a discount on the ticket price if you have a Blue Cross Healthcare card with you.

Staff are visible and fortunately for me remembering all my old moves - lol - I didn't fall once so didn't need their assistance.

The roller skating is only available during the summer months but I wish they offered it indoors on wooden floors like some of the older venues used to & with air conditioning.

Nice little place for an afternoon out!
I'm not sure if The Lodge is just the tent area or the entire space surrounding the ice skating rink? (arcade, Franklin Fountain, fire pits). I'll say that it is. 

The Lodge is basically a winter version of Philly's summer Spruce Street Harbor Park. 

The layout is spacious and separated in distinct social areas. I entered the arcade section, which includes faux patios with rocker chairs (small ones for kids maybe?). The arcade is in a tent so provides shelter from the elements. Games are overpriced but what the hell, its a pop-up. There are three air hockey tables. The one on the right (closest to the parking lot) had a bad puck, so i wasted a $1 on that. Patrons in this section were more urban males. 

We made our way towards the Lodge but first scoping out the ice skating rink. The speakers were kinda messed up skipping songs, etc. The rink was crowded. We skipped ice skating as we had an infant with us. The lodge itself is pretty cool. There are a few "living room" set up with faux fireplaces and has a cottage/log cabin feel. There are picnic tables scattered with food and beer vendor in the back. The miss would be the bathroom. I understand it is a pop up, but the bathroom trailer for the men's room was whack. They should get the ones like Independent Beer garden. Much more spacious and less grimey looking. I can't imagine what the women's one looks like.

Beer was not marked up too much, $6. The outside area is lit up with some lights and surrounded by chairs, tables, picnic tables, fire pits. It was a warm night for December (50-60s) so the firepits weren't roaring.. instead, it was smokey so the smell was a bit unpleasant. 

There is also a pop-up franklin fountain whichi thought was a nice touch. The small cabin structure is really cute too. Service was nice but a bit slow? I assume it took a while to make the coffee drinks ahead of my order of one scoop of vanilla. 

The shipping containers in the rear are make shift cabin living rooms. These looked really cozy but were all occupied. 

The beer garden /Lodge area were mostly filled with Yuppies while the ice skating rink were a younger/teen/family oriented crowd--essentially the same crowd make up from SSHP. 

Overall, i think this a really good addition to the winter nightlife scene in Philly.
Though hard to find, the pop up beer garden in Penn's Landing was worth the schlep on foot. In Philadelphia for a weekend trip, my boyfriend and I were looking for something to do on our first night out in the city. I heard about the light show by the Blue Cross River Rink on the Visit Philly website, which also mentioned the Lodge. I was skeptical about a beer garden in the winter time, but was pleasantly surprised by the set-up and happily content with the brews.

I hope the Lodge is in Philly next December. I'll definitely be there!
This place is awesome!

I didn't get a chance to visit in the 2013-2014 season, so I was really glad when they not only brought this back, but also added more features.  My husband and I ended up here two nights in a row over Christmas Break.  Interestingly enough, we didn't even skate either night!  

The first night, we were by ourselves and hung out in the firepit area, while drinking spiked hot chocolate and local beers.  Prices are on the higher side, but honestly, they aren't more than you'd pay elsewhere in old city.  We didn't get a chance to eat there, but the selection seemed small and the wait was massive.  I'd suggest eating elsewhere.  

The second night, we met up with my husband's cousins (he has something crazy like 20+ cousins just on his mom's side).  We had a picnic table with about 10-12 people and it was perfect.  It's a good place for a group because you can just buy yourself food and drinks as you go, without having to wait for a waitress and then split the bill (and all the other things that annoying about going out with a group).

If you want to skate, I've heard its free if you are a BlueCross insurance holder (but you have to rent skates).  Not sure about the prices, but from what I remember, it's not crazy expensive.  Also, the rink is pretty big and has nice views of the water.

Overall, this is a great place for a date night, group outing with friends, or a family night.  I highly recommend for a fun winter activity that won't break the bank.
While the experience at the over crowded blue cross river rink was subpar, the lodge pop up was great. After a crazy few laps around the rink, we entered the tent for drinks and dinner.

We had a few different things...sweet potato and kale pastry, fritters with short rib, chili, spiked hot chocolate. All very impressive for a seasonal pop up. The place is really beautiful, decorated to the nines for the holidays. 

A great addition to an ice skating trip, but could also stand alone!
I really loved the decor, atmosphere, drinks, activities, and food offerings, but Jesus...the bathrooms here were the worst I've ever experienced.  And this is coming from someone who has used squatty toilets while traveling.  Maybe it's because it will be shutting down in March and it's just getting worn out, but consider wearing a diaper if you're going to stop by.
Really had a lot of fun here. Loved the firepit even though I smelled extra crispy and smoky after lol. My only caveat is this-I got really bad blisters from the skates. Could barely walked to the car or get inside and around my home last night. So if you have your own skates-bring them. If not the bring cushioned socks to avoid blisters.
WHAT IS THIS PLACE?! It's delightful! It's adorable! It's boozy! It's a wintery wonderland! Boyfriend and I went ice skating the afternoon of my birthday after weighing options of things to do on short notice. A quick walk from South Street down to the waterfront on a warm afternoon gave way to what I'm sure will be an equally grand oasis when the weather turns cold for good. Wooden rocking chairs with plaid flannel blankets line the outdoor area of the warm lodges, fireplaces indoors keep you nice and toasty, while the fire pits outside allow you equal comfort for sipping hot beverages or the boozy kind that make you warm and tingly on the inside. I loved the huge trees and all of the festive lights, the observation deck above the outdoor bar for spotting friends out on the ice skating rink, and the entertainment! Two family friendly entertainers brought clown-like antics, tightrope walking and flame juggling to the area outside of the firepits while Dunkin Donuts (official sponsor) passed out peppermint mocha coffee. Ice skating was great, a nice way to spend the afternoon for sure. $13 gets you admission and a skate rental for an hour and a half long session on the ice, the $3 admission is apparently waived if you show your Independence Blue Cross insurance card (also official sponsor). Now knowing how great this spot is (I can't believe I never made it last year), l I keep thinking about how great it would be to grab some friends, have a few drinks and enjoy some late night ice skating under the holiday light show and believe that it will absolutely be happening this year. Great job PHS, you never fail to disappoint!!
Awesome addition to the Philadelphia winter social scene. Thanks for another winner PHS!

I will say the food and drinks weren't quite as good as the pop-up garden in the summer, though the weather may have been a reason for that. And a little overpriced, but nothing bad.

Can't wait to see what's next from PHS!
Summerfest is absolutely NOT closed. The rink it set up and operational. Admission is $3 and skate rental is $10. Luckily, if you have Blue Cross insurance admission is free for you and three guests! Not only do I have Blue Cross insurance but I also have my own skates. The roller rink is now my Summer home for a free workout. My only complaint: I think they may have put the track together too quickly. There are areas that are incredibly warped and there are random dips. They also don't cover the track so I am wondering how the floor will hold up through Summer storms. Make sure you check their website or Facebook page before and after inclement weather as they may close down for the day. Overall, I LOVE Summerfest!
Atmosphere hits 5 stars hands down!! I do not like winter and the atmosphere really made me feel happy and not want to be inside. 

The food was extremely overpriced for food Mr. Garces himself wouldn't eat. The pretzel was cold, sloppy and $5. 
The village burger was grey, thin and sloppy for $7!!

To add insult to injury, the reason why I even bared the winter elements was because of the Garces Group. I was soooo looking forward to the food. I am a proud Hispanic for what he's doing and love his styles. Let's just say a McDonald's patty is much more appetizing. So disappointing. I feel like he's taking advantage of his name now. Come on Garces-bring your A-game to The Lodge too. Not just your name.
This place is so fun!!! It does get really crowded on weekend nights but that's to be expected. The food and drinks are great and the lodge is so cute! They have an area full of fire pits and they sell supplies to make s'mores which is AMAZING and so fun. This place is great for everyone. It's a perfect date spot but also somewhere fun to take kids. I'm totally going back before the season is over!
Ventured into the lodge during the winterfest beerfest expecting huge crowds, long lines and hard to get beer. Was pleasantly surprised to find free seats, free beer samples (for the beerfest- January 23-25 only), and a fantastic atmosphere. Hoping to get my hands on the tabletop hockey game at some point...
A few friends and I took a trip here on New Years Day, hoping the place wouldn't be overly crowded with all the mummers festivities happening in town. While it was definitely busy, it also felt suprisingly manageable. I had been to the rink/lodge last year and this year most definitely takes the cake. We loved all the lights still hanging around from Spruce Street Harbor and the light show every so often was great. The food selection was also awesome (hello, Distrito tacos!) and the cozy atmosphere in the lodge was perfect for after skating in the cold.

My only critique is that is was $8 (!!!) for a S'mores kit that served two people. In it you got 4 Marshmallows, plenty of graham crackers, but only enough chocolate for one s'more each. While I find one to be enough...it should not cost $8 and the marshmallows should at least be fresh....ours were a bit stale. Props to the idea of providing the option to have reese's instead of plain chocolate, though- that was a win.
Cool spot to grab a drink and kick back a bit. The lodge inside was cozy with Jenga to play at most of the tables. They have a decent selection of beer of a lot of local craft styles. My girlfriend and I had a lot of fun making smores outside. The smore materials from Shane's Confectionery were pricey, but good. The arcade needs a bit of upkeep because the pinball machine stole my money. Still, it is a nice place to relax and have a drink.
So much fun. Celebrated my birthday with ice skating and I wanted one of the cabins.  Family food bucket from Chickie and Pete's was the right move! 
We got plenty of food for four adults and one kiddo for $30.
Love love love this place. The perfect place immerse you in the holiday mood. The cute swing chairs for couples, the fire pits, lodge, cabins, Christmas tree, string lights, pine bushes, skating rink and the music. Be ready to get transported to the magical winter wonderland with nice drinks, chickies and pete's (can't thank them enough for the crab fries), village burger (they do have a veggie black bean burger), and cool drinks.
This was a fun time I went with my family and we all have fun even though it was cold blue is too busy having fun to notice I will definitely be back prices also affordable
We paid for 3 "new years" party tickets...which includes snack, still here... it's taking hours,  personally it's not that important,  but to advertise that!!! after we spent so much money over the years at this place since it has opened is deplorable !
Due to the unseasonably warm December so far, we were nervous that the RiverRink would be closed. To our luck, it mustered up the resources to make sure that our holiday party would be a success. Even on a Wednesday evening the rink was full of people of all ages having a great time. I'd imagine that it gets fairly crowded on the weekends, so I would absolutely suggest a week night.

After skating, we rested in our cottages that were immaculately decorated for the season/occasion. There were plush pillows and warm fleece blankets throughout. The heaters that they have in there are mighty warm too. We had light bites by Garces catering; some were typical (salsa & guacamole with chips, hummus with pita) but there were a few stand outs, such as the pineapple jicama salad and sea salt chocolate chip cookies. 

While there was a bar window outside, next to the cottages, it didn't seem like anyone was manning it. Perhaps it only opens on weekends. We went into the Lodge to get our drinks, which some people wanted more a selection. Right now they have about 6 beers on tap (mostly local) and spiked cocoa and hot apple cider (but no plain mixed drinks).
We had a great time at this event. Not much for ice skating but there were plenty of people who enjoyed it. There is plenty to do other than ice skate, you can enter the arcade and play games with the kids or if you are an adult you can play too. Also they have a family area where you can sit by a fire and enjoy a drink or some food. Plenty of places to take pics with family and friends. They also have games to play-connect four and corn hole were two that I saw. Overall it is a fun place to stop at and people watch if you just rather just sit and have a drink. Enjoy and have fun.
My friend had a birthday party here and rented out a double cabin. The cabin was adorable and was a great place for our group of approximately 20 people to socialize. The cabin, though it had a fireplace, did not feel as warm since it isn't enclosed. However, the indoor area that hosts the bars and restaurants is enclosed and heated. There is plenty of seating and games/activities in there. 

Between fire pits, log trees, rocking chairs, xoxo Philly structures, Christmas trees, lights, and ice skating with a view of the Ben Franklin bridge, there are tons of photo opportunities. 

I had eaten before arriving not realizing how many food options were on site including a Chickie and Pete's and a Franklin Fountain. There were also fun winter cocktails in addition to the usual drink selection, like spiked hot chocolate, coffee, and apple cider. 

Tip: if you have Independence Blue Cross insurance, you don't have to pay the $3 admission to ice skate. Just $10 for skate rental. You can reserve a time slot to skate in advance online.
