This being my first time in Philadelphia, I feel lucky. I chose the "Cambria Hotel Philadelphia Downtown" and it exceeded expectations. When you pull up, you are immediately greeted by the Valet and staff. They help you bring your bags inside and park your car. The first floor is not the check in, it's actually one floor up. After a smooth check in they take you up to your room. You can only use the elevator with a key card, so don't forget, than the escort you to your room. The room they had was amazing. Equipped with a Bluetooth bathroom mirror. The staff was also very friendly and professional. They joked about my love for the Giants and the gave a quick rundown on how to call for your car. After getting checked in see all the amenities they had to offer, I felt comfortable that this was the right hotel. Plus it's in the heart of Philly! What more can you ask? I definitely recommend giving this place a visit, if you enjoy being treated well.
I have to say, I really like this hotel very much. I should of written a review last year when I stayed here for the first time but, kind of forgot about it. I've just been here for a few days recently and in September as well. So I will write one now.
 The first time I stayed here they had just recently opened. Everything still smelled new. For the most part it's a very clean hotel, no carpet in the rooms. I love that because, that means they can clean it really well .
 I love the beds.They are large with nice sheets and pillows ,very modern.
Also there's a fridge in each room. Only a shower ,no bathtub and I still cannot figure out the Wi-Fi in the mirror. Yes I know that's a very unusual feature.
 It must be very modern. Maybe a little too modern for me to figure out.
 I've had no view in the past as well as a fantastic view. I posted the picture of the last few I had. It was absolutely gorgeous view of downtown Philadelphia. As you know from all the other reviews it's located in a fantastic part of Philadelphia nestled in between everything that's good and I love it. Just don't plan on driving because, there's nowhere to park.
 If you're looking for a place to stay in downtown Philadelphia this place is awesome,  and reasonably priced. I love it every time I come Here.
I stayed in Philadelphia during the global pandemic part 1.

When I had an extended weekend due to the Labor Day holiday I knew that I wanted to try and do something despite Covid-19, while keeping over-the-top travel off of the itinerary. So I decided to use my 4 days visit my old stomping ground of Philly for the first time in five months, catch up with some friends that I haven't seen in a while, and revisit what old favorites I could while trying some new spots.

I also knew that crashing on the couch of my South Philly cousin would get old after a couple of days, so I took to Priceline to see what steal of a deal I could find for a couple of days and was instantly sold on the mystery one that brought me the Cambria for a couple of days. And during that time it went from being a complete mystery to being one of my better, comfortable, and cleaner hotel stays despite the uncertain pandemic going on.

Given that it's Covid-19 times a number of the amenities were understandably limited, so I'll save speaking on things like their fitness center and rooftop lounge for another review. Since I had places to try and friends to catch up with I also didn't bother with trying their connected restaurants which were still open for at least outdoor dining and takeout at the time.

But the main thing to talk about is the room which was beyond worth the discounted price of staying a couple of nights in! The king-size bed was extra comfortable, the room had plenty of places to lounge and charge my electronics on, the room was HUGE for a hotel one, and the walls were also funky artistic enough to match up with my style. The main event by far too was the large bathroom which had a Bluetooth mirror that you play your music off of, and a shower that could easily fit 3+ people (if that's what you're into).

Quality service is a tough thing to gauge during pandemic times for understandable reasons. But the staff that I encountered and spoke with were friendly and helpful despite these weird times. And it was good to see things like hand sanitizer readily available on every floor and elevator that I was on. 

If I come across Cambria as an option for a discounted stay post-Covid-19 I'd absolutely jump on it. But I'd also consider a fully paid stay given the rooms, location right on the center of Broad Street, and plentiful amenities to enjoy and take advantage of on a non-pandemic day.
Decided to go to Philadelphia for my birthday weekend. The Cambria has the best prices for the area we wanted to be in. Also seemed to have some really good reviews.

Check in was smooth and easy, the girl checked us in under 10mins. I didn't take pictures unfortunately but the room was really nice, clean, great view and best of all had lots of towels and a mini fridge. 

Cambria is not to far from a lot of the tourist areas and best of all, all transit (Bus and Train) are literally on the same block.

They have a bar area with an open balcony with some friends waiters, Kevin D. Was absolutely awesome. He told us about some really great places to eat and where to find the best Philly Cheese and some really good ice cream. THANK YOU KEVIN D. 

Would totally recommend this location every attendee was helpful and pleasant to talk too!

Clean hotel, good service and in a good area. 5stars
The good: 

The location is mighty convenient right in the heart of downtown Philadelphia. You're within walking distance of a lot of great restaurants and sites to see. 

The room was clean and the beds comfortable. Plus, the noise of the outside world was barely heard. 

The staff was nice and knowledgeable. The one who's checked us in gave us the name of a great place for cheesesteaks - that wasn't one of the famous ones everyone praises. 

Their mini store had some variety that was okay enough when looking for a snack. 

The bad: 
Valet parking for each night is $45. It is certainly not the worst deal I have come across (that's stil San Francisco at $65 a night), but it's still a bit steep. That's a minor quibble because it's expected in a big city, especially a touristy one like Philly. 

The website I found advertised daily breakfast. But when asked about this, the person behind the counter looked at me as if I had two heads. 

There was, attached to a hanger in the closet, a list of prices for laundry service. I had a question about it, so I asked the desk: again greeted by the look as if I had three heads. 

The prices in the mini store were astronomical. I know they mark things up, but it was out of hand. $6 for a frozen lean cuisine dinner is appalling. 

The only incident we encountered was a maid who tried to get in our room around 5:30 pm to clean because she mistakenly thought our room was empty. But that was taken care of easily enough and she was apologetic. I honestly didn't even get to see her face she backed out so quickly.
Please do not stay at this hotel EVER!!!  Upon arrival we noticed the customer service was not great they were very unwelcoming.  

After checking into our rooms the hotel towels had obvious stains on them we requested better towels but to be honest they were all the same.  My bed had dust on it and it clearly showed that the linens was not changed from the last guest. I was very afraid to sit or lay in the bed.  I requested my bed be made up with fresh linens and was told I would have to pay 100.00 dollars extra for housekeeping to do that.

In the second room that was booked we found a used child juice packet from the previous guest under the covers  and also dirty sheets and pillowcases.  We complained to the front desk and all we were met with was absolute rudeness and indifference to our complaints and concerns for our health in this hotel especially with covid still plaguing society. 

When we requested a manager we were told no managers is onsite so we cannot speak to anyone and I may add we were dismissed immediately by the front desk staff. 

Two nights of stay is definitely two night of hell. 

The hotel is a nice hotel with great location however the management NEEDS TO GO!!! They also need to purchase better quality hotel linens and a better company to wash the linens to remove stains. Clean towels, sheets etc all had some type of stains. It's very unsettling to use this hotel linens.   

I will never stay here again!!
I'm shocked by some of the poor reviews. This hotel is in an excellent location, is brand new, clean and the receptionists are super friendly- what more do you need?! 

Seriously hotel room was immaculate! Bed was super comfy and even had good pillows which a lot of hotels don't have.

Also- we got a great deal on the hotel which was perfect for our winter staycation! Deff would recommend.
cute hotel! Central to the most parts of the city that are walkable. This is the best place to stay if you want to go out because there is a rooftop that is really popular on the top floor. I will say if you're staying in the hotel  go down early get the stamp and then go back up. This way when it's more poppin you can just walk up to the bouncer and skip the line ( aka too old to wait on  long lines to bars). It's really cute upstairs. If you want to sit, get there earlier so you can get on the swinging chairs in the back left outside. 
The hotel has a decent gym, cute outdoor patio to eat  and decent breakfast ( not included with the stay)

no pool but standard for city 

This place is awesome for the location
Great price for the hotel and really nice rooms.  They upgraded us to an awesome corner room with a great view of the city.  I think this place is new because it looks like they still had a bit of cleaning to do from the construction dusk.  Only thing that was annoying is that both night that we were here their cleaning crew knocked on our door asking if they could come in at 7:30am and then again at 8!  Then at around 9 they just let themselves in on accident and said sorry.  We told them they can come back in about 15 minutes and they never showed back up.
The hotel's location is great.  The valet parking sign was misleading w/r/t the price.  Our first room was right next to the fitness room (3rd floor) and we had an issue with people dropping weights and making a ton of noise, so with one simple call to the front desk we were moved to the 10th floor.  No issues with the room the rest of the night.

Hotel was clean, staff was helpful, price was to be expected...best part was the location and some of the eateries located nearby.
Sorry to be a little harsh Cambria but with very close competing hotels in the same area I think the game needs to be stepped up a bit. 

Pros:
-It is brand-spanking new so it is beautiful.  Wonderful ambiance at both the front desk, the hallways, and in the guest rooms.
-Very large room size; we stayed in the basic suite and it was very large including the bathroom. 
-Very friendly up-front staff and staff in the hallways as we walked to our room.
-We were given a very nice room with a great side view of the hotel (directly across from the Double Tree). 
-Reasonable per night price close to a holiday (Labor Day).  We even got a better price going directly through the hotel instead of our friend's group discount rate. 
-Very nice late-night bar situation.  Very friendly/patient staff with a bunch of drunk party goers from a wedding.

Cons:
-Why no free breakfast??  Even a cereal bar with just raisin bran would have been acceptable enough for me.  This is only a problem for me because I just recently stayed at a hotel very close to this location and they had a fabulous free breakfast available with a hotel rate that was just a smidge more expensive
-HOLY WATER PRESSURE PROBLEM;  I do not know if it was just a problem with our room or the whole hotel has messed up plumbing.  First, they have a "rainfall shower head" which is low-flow pressure to begin with.  Secondly, every five minutes I would almost lose all water pressure because other hotel guests were probably either showering or flushing the toilet.  Finally, of course with change in pressure is also a change in temperature and that drives me crazy.  I have not had a water pressure/temperature problem in a hotel in a long time.  
-Check-in desk is not on the main floor.  Not totally a problem but can be confusing when you first arrive to the hotel and see and empty desk at the main door.  

I did not take directly complain to the hotel about the water problem, which might have been helpful for them to know, but we only stayed the one night so I only had to use the shower once.  If I had planned on staying in Philadelphia at this hotel for a week vacation this would not have been very comfortable.  Probably would have spoke to the manager to see if this was a hotel wide problem or if just our room had a bad situation. 

Overall this hotel is great for a one night stay if you want to be close to center city Philly/Theater district Philly, but not a great place to for a longer vacation.
This hotel was excellent and in a great location.  Easy walking distance to shopping, restaurants, historic areas, convention center, and transit.  The staff was friendly and the room was clean.  Staff member Johnny went above and beyond to great us each morning and afternoon and offer assistance!
This review is only based on drinks/dessert at the bar on the second level.

Banana split was noms. The drink with 3 different rums and some coffee stuff was delicious. Boo's margarita was good but they couldn't do sugar on the rim. Great view off the balcony.

Can't speak to the rest of the food just yet but there was a grilled cheese and soup flight situation on the menu that looked comforting. I would definitely come back here.
First time staying at the Cambria and I am impressed. I think this is the first time in a long time and travel that I slept mostly through the night beds  extremely comfortable room is spacious bathroom are very nice towels (soft and plush) The staff Tun s  very clean and hotel staff up at the front desk are extremely nice and knowledgeable. If you are planning to stay in Central City this hotel is a must.
This place was nice, was in a really cool location, had a cool bar area, a nice gym and what looked like a cool rooftop bar that i didn't check out. It was close to a Wawa, the subway (L? whatever they call it), and some really cool restaurants. However, it's getting one star because of a few reasons: the rooms were unique but cramped like jail cells, housekeeping stole or threw away both my computer bag strap and my "free drink" coaster (not that big of a deal cause front desk gave me a new one). Last, but not least, around 4:45 am the man staying in the room next to mine "accidentally" went to my door and used his key card to ender my room. I REPEAT: I woke up to my neighbor walking into my hotel room because his key card worked on my door. So, that was awful. Can't say i slept well after that one. I can only imagine the horror if it was my wife - or any woman - staying there and a stranger was able to access her room. The hotel sent someone up very quickly, which was good. But after that, it was just a "we're sorry" and they offered me points. POINTS? ok.
In our attempt to save money we tried using a third party to book a room here for one night when we were attending a wedding.  Silly us, of course we paid in advance. A few days before our reservation we received notice that the third party had gone out of business. We called the Cambria Hotel who informed us that the reservation had been cancelled by the third party. Where's our money? Somewhere in Sweden!  In a panic we called Chase VISA who were most understanding and helpful. They immediately put a credit on our account for the full amount.  We called the hotel back and explained the situation to Bria. She patiently listened to our dilemma and referred us to a manager. The manager was professional and completly understood our problem. Even though the hotel was near capacity she offered us a room and told us that, because of the circumstances, she would honor the rate offered by the third party. We were delighted!
On the day of our arrival we pulled up in front of the hotel for valet parking. The valet stand was located right inside the front entrance. The rate for 24 hour parking was very favorable for center city Philly. The valet attendants were quite helpful and carefully explained the valet procedure for obtaining our vehicle at check-out. If I were to fault them at all it would be that their clothing choices should be more professional than what they were wearing (picky-picky!). When we went to the lobby on the second level for check-in we were greeted by none other than Bria who remembered us from our telephone conversation. She quickly put us at ease and told us that she had our reservation in front of her. On our way to our room we noticed that the corridors were clean and well lighted though the decor was a bit stark (picky picky!). We were completely satisfied with our room especially because we had requested the most basic room that they had available. During our short stay we found that, in addition to Bria, every member of the staff was genuinely pleasant and helpful. They appeared to want to make our stay as pleasant as possible. We certainly would recommend the Cambria Hotel Philadelphia.
Very disappointed with their customer service and check-in. After travelling 5 hours and checked in at 5pm, we were told our room was not ready and it'll be about 15-20min. Okay, Im thinking oh thats not too bad. (this was already knowing my sister-in-law also having to wait 45min with 4 kids in tow for their room also before we got there.) Was told to go help myself at the bar... yes I'll go do that with my already cranky 2 yr old (thanks but no thanks). I check in with the front desk after half an hour and still was told it wasnt ready yet and shouldnt be long and that they had 7 weddings so it was "very busy." After a little over an hour I ask again and after a lame excuse of being busy with so many weddings, we finally get our room.  For being in the hospitality business, at least set realistic expectations for those checking in. Dont tell me 15-20 min when you know you are busy and going to be well over an hour. Let me know so I can plan accordingly and go feed my hungry child and grab dinner instead of letting me think that I can go up to our room soon and change his dirty daiper and hope he didnt get a buttrash from travelling all day and feed him.  I get it, it can be ovewhelming dealing with that many people but dont lie to me if its going to be longer than what youre going to quote me, tell me the truth from the beginning.  If check out is at 11am and 3pm is normal check in times, that gives you.... 4 hours to turn around and clean the rooms ppl check out of. So 6 hours (at 5pm) when someone checks in and still not ready?? 7 hrs and just got a room ready makes no sense esp if you know you had "7-8 weddings" to accomodate for, wouldnt you put more staffing on? It looks like this is an ongoing trend from this week alone from reviews already posted to their website and that the manager will be fixing the issue to prevent it from happening again. Apparently nothing was learned from the issues as its still going on for days by the time we arrived for our check in.
Travelled for business and stayed here for 2 nights.  I arrived at 4 pm and was stuck into a handicap room although I never requested for it nor the hotel receptionists asked for my consent.  Being an Asian does not mean a handicap, does it?

Shower water pressure is a trickle, difficult to wash hair.

I will not stay here again if they do not treat guests equally.
Brand new, trendy boutique hotel with nicely furnished and spacious rooms. The front desk staff are wonderful and very helpful, but unfortunately the house staff who clean the rooms need a bit more training regarding when (or rather, when NOT) to go into rooms for cleaning if people are still inside...
"Holy Claustrophobia Batman!"

This hotel I will admit is really nice and the location is freaking spot on! The hotel puts you walking distance from a lot of attractions from the Reading Terminal Market to Independence Hall. In the summer heat even the short 2-3 mile walk might feel like death but on a cool Spring or Fall day the walk could be pretty darn amazing as you stop to take photos of some of the historic buildings of Philly.

I really liked this hotel and if I could get a night here again at a bargain I certainly would stay here again. They have evening entertainment even on a Thursday night that I visited which was really neat. The rooftop bar I felt was underwhelming, although a little crowded, so I opted for the bar near the reception desk that actually had a DJ the night during my visit so the in house lounge was definitely better than the rooftop bar. You even get nice open outdoor space on balcony by bar. Not the best view on the balcony but it's a nice open space to relax at with drink in hand.

Rooms are really nice but also a tad on the small size but being from NYC they simply reminded me of the limited real estate space similar to NYC. So room size didn't really bother me but if you want a lot of space you'll be disappointed. The room fit the bed, dresser, basic appliances and then you had the bathroom which comes equipped with a shower (no tub so don't pack the bubble bath). Hotel has decent amenities including a small gym.

Overall I think this is a really nice hotel and I most certainly would return. Parking is available across the street for about $30 compared to the hotel valet for about $50.
Many reviewers have noted that the staff has bad attitudes, and that was my experience too: the guy at the front desk was surly when we checked in and both times I called. I'm not knocking the hotel down on the ratings for it because I could hardly care less how the staff is as long as my room is nice -- and it really is! Spacious, comfortable, well-appointed; you could hardly ask for more. Location is excellent too. If you're looking for a nice hotel in the downtown area, within walking distance of excellent bars and restaurants, then look no further than the Cambria.
Very nice hotel in downtown Philly. Very close to everything! I love the Bluetooth bathroom mirrors. Very clean and the staff was superb! Love it!
After a dragging two suitcases what seemed like mile from the train station and finding our hotel, I was bushwhacked.  When we entered, a gentleman let us know the lobby is upstairs.  Up the elevator we went and opened up into a very chic, modern and well appointed reception/lobby/bar area.  Warmly greeted and welcomed, the check in process began.  Everything was in order and the very kind manager offered us an upgrade to a corner suite.  FTW, complimentary no less.  

Our room was on the 23rd floor and had a great view to a huge mural and the Outfest Festival down below.  The room itself was lovely.  We had a fridge, microwave, desk/work area and very comfy bed.  The only thing we missed was more coffee which we call the front desk and had some delivered to us.  During our stay, it was quiet and we didn't encounter any water pressure problems as some other guests have commented on.  The wife loved the Bluetooth enabled mirror that she could sync with her phone to listen to music while getting ready to go out.  

Downstairs again, since we were starving, we grabbed a seat at the bar got a couple of drinks and nibbles.  There is a balcony with table service and great people watching from above.  Especially during the festival.   Bartender was friendly and knowledgeable.  The appetizer of Charcuterie (17) was decent, bread was a tad stale and when we requested if they had anything else like chips or something they happily provided them.  

The lobby area also has a little deli, snack shack like area.  Excellent mid night munchies, sweets and such.  The only item I would request is perhaps some cutlery in the room to use when you grab a bite to bring up to your room.  

We would absolutely return.  The location is in the heart of the city within walking distance of many great restaurants and city sites.  The staff were all polite and cheerful folks.  Which is nice to see.
This hotel has never heard of customer service. My boyfriend booked a hotel room after there was damage to our home during a thunderstorm. I showed up at the hotel for check-in with my boyfriend on the phone as my significant other was out of town. The customer staff berated me verbally, even yelling at me for not being listed on the room despite having documented this via Expedia. We have family visit frequently and will never recommend this hotel.
Avoid this hotel at all cost. The front desk agent gave me a difficult time checking in due to the name on the reservation did not match the billing name, even though my credit card and ID matched. But, I will take part of the fault, I should have used the same exact name as my CC. He most likely needs to have another training session on how to deal with paying customers, and mumbling under his breath when I asked about his manager is unacceptable, but I guess that's what I get for staying at a 3-star hotel. BUT, THE MOST DISGUSTING PART OF MY EXPERIENCE AT THIS HOTEL, IS FINDING A PAIR OF BEIGE PANTIES ON ONE OF THEIR CHAIRS. This just tells you how great their housekeeping management is. Also,I called in room service to ask for 4 robes, they told me they've checked every single floor and couldn't find none, after being on hold for 10-15 mins. Okay, I can tolerate that. I called back around 1AM to ask for toothbrushes and tooth paste, NO ONE and I mean NO ONE picked up the phone. The best thing about this hotel is probably the manager in the morning, I should have asked for her name, but she handles and resolves my complaints in a kindly manner. I really do not like to write bad reviews, and I'm a firm believer that you should check it for yourself, but understand that if you choose this hotel, you might experience the same thing I've experienced. 

Oh, before I forget, there's only one trash can, which is in the bathroom. That's it.
The staff at this hotel seems to have very little control of their clientele. 

I met with friends on the rooftop bar around 10pm on a Saturday and unprovoked, a 50-something year old woman shoved me and called me a faggot in front of the bouncer/DJ booth. 

I chalked it up to a single patron being overserved and walked past the dance area to the outdoor seating. More women were stumbling, overserved and spraying strangers with cheap perfume. (I guess they found it comical?)

After witnessing that we all decided to leave.  This place seems to attract the type of clientele that has very little respect for other people and the hotel staff doesn't seem to mind.
We enjoyed our 1st weekend at Philly at this hotel! On the strip of the Arts area it was nearby a lot of great restaurants, the Reading Terminal and more. 

We stayed in the corner room with had beautiful views and was VERY spacious. The heat took a long time to warm up, floors were still cold, and bathroom but overall a wonderful stay-just bring slippers if you don't like cold floors!

The shower is huge but doesn't have a door to trap the warm of the water in so you'll feel the coldness from out of the showers which is uncomfortable for some.

Room had a Keurig, pods, and all you need to make some coffee and grab some ice. A mini fridge below which is great to store any leftovers, drinks, you name it.

Dining table great for takeout especially during these times where some restaurants aren't dining in yet or if you don't feel comfortable dining in yet.

Bed and overall room was super comfy and spacious.

We had a great stay and look forward to coming back one day!
Bartenders have a bad attitude. Kevin refuses to serve us despite it being well before closing and then subsequently serving several customers afterwards.
My stay here (a birthday getaway for me) was absolutely awful and staff behavior was unforgivable. The front desk receptionist put us right next to a bride and groom that basically had a second reception in their room. Doors slamming, screaming and loud music until 4:00 in the morning. At one point other guests called security. The party (there were about 40 people in the room) quieted down for the 5 minutes that security was there, but started up again right after they left. The next morning, after a sleepless night, we were mentioning how terrible our night was to another front desk staff member. Just as he was apologizing, the same nasty staffer from the day before chimed in. She said that they couldn't control their guests and we got the leftover rooms that other wedding guests (there were 5 going on) didn't book. She said that there was nothing they could do and that we knew what we were dealing with when we checked in. When we said, if security is called, then it becomes the hotel's problem, she just gave us a dirty look and turned her back on us. I will never stay at a Cambria hotel again. If this is how their staff deals with customers, I find it appalling.
DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL!!
I paid $367 for a room two weeks out. Called the day before to confirm. They said the room was all ready for me. I called at 2pm on my way into Philly the next day and they said the room wasn't ready, and that check in was at 3pm. Hmm ok...that seems late, but I'm going to leave my bag here at the desk and go down to the Phillies game (4pm start). As I'm walking out of the game three hours later with my 7 high school buddies on our way to a fun center city dinner, I get a phone call from the hotel saying "YOUR ROOM HAS BEEN GIVEN AWAY." I said, "excuse me?" The woman explained that I HAD BEEN DISPLACED. But don't worry, she said, we have a room for you at our sister hotel 30 MINUTES UP THE ROAD ON INTERSTATE 95. I was absolutely floored. You'd think if you fork over almost 400 hundred bucks that they won't tell you sorry, nah....good luck. I ended up sleeping on my buddies floor. THIS HOTEL SUCKS. They didn't even apologize and frankly the front desk explanation of the DISPLACEMENT POLICY was utterly rude.
Congrats on being the worst hotel in Philadelphia for such a prime price. As someone who has been to Philly at least 10 times a year for the past 4 years, I've yet to encounter the type of ineptitude that I had with this hotel. 

1. Apparently you need to put two diff names on a reservation- when a name Change occurs, and it is updated over a week prior to checkin, and the hotel still can't put the proper party into a hotel. 

2. AC/ Fan/ Heat unit went awry, woke up sick due to drop in temperature. Nothing like coming home sick from a three day vacation. 

3. Also perpetual inability to deal with clients and locking them out of their own room, because of a "system error"

Should of had a better soft opening and been better prep



-----

To the general manager-
  The stress I've received from your hotel, should've just went to work, got paid and not wasted my money. 

No thank you. 

So when you're offering a drink to try and compensate for the atrociousness and ineptitude- don't be cheap and make the two for one
A weekend that was supposed to be fun for a friend's birthday turn into a nightmare. We had booked a room that said we would be staying in a room that included 2 queen beds, a dining area, a sitting area as well as a living room. When we arrived we were given a standard room with none of those features. We went back down to the lobby and explained that this is not what we had booked and they told us that they did not have that room available and that tomorrow we would be able to switch rooms. When we were ready to switch our room we were then told by a completely unapologetic "manager" Jeff that no that room is not available and all he can do is give me 25% back of what we had paid for our weekend stay, which truthfully was not sufficient what so ever. Our first night here was ruined, spent on trying to figure out what they could do for us and then the whole morning of our first full day here was spent on waiting for something we were promised that we never received. This hotel promotes false advertisement, has no remorse for THEIR mistakes and they also have stink bugs. Don't waste your time, money or energy. Book with another hotel that doesn't sell lies.
The stay here was great! Super clean and conveniently located in center city. It's great that they have restaurant on site, food is pretty good, breakfast was great!( have it on their balcony). The staff was super friendly for the most part, some could use a bit more training on customer service, but overall good staff. Received a free upgrade to city view! Thanks Cambria for making my bday stay a good one! :)
Booked a hotel here for my son in law, it was never an issue in the past. Due to a mix up, I had to deal with the third party booking, the hotel, and my poor son in law apologizing profusely for the hassle. 

A non issue that should have been handled by the hotel, ended up being an awful experience for myself and the recipient of my gift.
Pro travel tip beware Cambria Hotel Philadelphia Downtown Center City (Philadelphia) and all Cambria hotels! They have a rooftop bar that blasts music... we had a room on the top floor and couldn't sleep this weekend. The front desk advised us to join the party instead of helping us or offering a new room or compensation. The next day they said we could have breakfast in the hotel if we wanted for free... No thanks I'm not on vacation to eat hotel food! They know the rooms on the top floor aren't useable for sleeping the purpose of a hotel and they don't care. The staff is sassy and unhelpful. Really messed up my birthday trip :(
Do not stay here! The hotel lost power over night, did not return until around 10am the next morning which made it extremely difficult to get ready for our early morning meetings. When we spoke to the front desk about compensation, they told us the manager said we had to speak to hotel tonight first and they would confirm with them and provide us with a refund. When hotel tonight reached out, they denied the entire situation and stated they never said they would give us a refund. Either their management has poor communication with each other or they simple do not hold true to their word.
The hotel room is nice and tranquil. The view is awesome. The only con is the customer service at the desk isn't up to par. When my boyfriend and I first checked in, we weren't greeted and the representatives at the desk were very irritable. The hotel rooms are more than what I imagined but for the price, you can find better customer service.
Very disappointing hotel. I stayed here a few weeks ago. The hotel is nice in appearance, however you can tell where corners were cut. Staff is poorly trained and, on occasion, rude. The sheets were like sand paper! So uncomfortable. Terrible water pressure. The valet service left my car with keys in ignition and doors unlocked with no one outside to supervise. Careless and risky. 

Worst part for me is that I've called 4 times to try to speak with a manager regarding my experience and have not received a call back.
When we checked in, we were sent to a room where there was people in it.  NEVER have I had that happen! They bought us a drink at the bar to make up for it but we had to tell the bartender three times that management was buying.   Unless you're 22 years old, don't waste your time at the rooftop bar.  The room itself was fine when we did finally get in and settled.
This hotel was okay. The area was nice and convenient but we arrived and had black hairs in our bed... neither me or my husband have dark hair. The water pressure was beyond belief, it felt like I was using hose. Also the receptionist told us breakfast was from 6-10 not mentioning it was $18 for breakfast! My husband and I went down for breakfast before the mummers day parade and I'm guessing the rowdy young men knocked down the sign or something because there was no sign and all he has was bacon on a plate and all I did was pick at some potatoes. We got the bill for just about a $40 breakfast that we picked at and probably had about 2 bites. Let alone not a single waitress or waiter was in sight or asked us if we needed anything like the people around us were getting? Very big let down, will try double tree next door next year.
The wait for our room today was absolutely ridiculous! We have 40+ people with our tour waiting on rooms. 
It's now 3:00 we still have people waiting. The girl at the front desk didn't know how to check people in who were self pay vs. Paid by the tour. Worst hotel experience, would never recommend this hotel or stay here again.
Great new hotel downtown Philly. I was greeted by Grace at the front desk. She was warm and friendly. I forgot my toothpaste and got a nice travel size for free at the front desk. My room is spacious with blue tooth mirror. Fitness center is huge.
This hotel was perfect for the price we paid and I would definitely stay here again. 

We were warmly greeted by all (ground floor and lobby) and staff happily took our suitcase to mind for the day until check in. When checking in we were told all about the hotel and invited to take some complimentary hot apple cider to our room. 

Our room was clean, the beds (two queens) and pillows were comfy, the bathroom stocked (I found the water pressure fine; we were on the 11th floor) and the blinds made it extra dark so I had the best sleep I've had in months! Would definitely stay again in this great location.
I stayed here for a week long business training. Before entering the hotel, I took a few minutes to gather my emotions because the though of being away from my children and fiancé for a whole week was so overwhelmingly emotional. When I walked in I was greeted by the most amazing, professional gentleman. I wish I would've asked for their names, they were both older Black men. One offered to carry my things, which I insisted to do myself as I was completely capable and the other held opened and held the door for me EVERYDAY and asked how my day was. The hotel room was amazing too. But with the COVID-19 pandemic going on, I have often thought back to this experience although it occurred months ago. I've been to the Costa Rice, DR, all over the US... numerous resorts and for some reason I miss this experience the most. I miss Philly, specifically this hotel Experience. I can't wait until this pandemic is over so that I can visit again! Hopefully these guys are still there. The kind gestures shown by these two employees surprising made a huge impact on my week, they are greatly appreciated!
Lousy In so many ways. Elevators don't work, TV doesn't work they switched us to another room and the room and the previous one were smelly. Service In the hotel is non existent. I will never stay here again!
I don't know how I forgot to review this hotel, since it was actually one of the better ones I stayed at during the two weeks my new home was being worked on. Other than the fact that there are a few homeless folks hanging out in the front (inevitable when in this area of Center City), this is a great location - right in the middle of everything. There are few shopping options, convenient stores, and restaurants. 

As I mentioned before, this hotel is one of the better ones I stayed at. Checking in was easy, and the front desk folks were very nice and friendly. The rooms I stayed in were spacious, had a great view of the city, and clean. 

If I am ever need to stay in a hotel in my own city again, Cambria would be one of my top choices.
It is rare when I provide a full 5 stars, but felt it important to share my honest feedback whether positive or negative.  I landed in Philly after a delayed flight for a conference and was directed to Cambria after learning my reservation was cancelled by Marriott without notification.  For perspective, my day had been long full of unexpected roadblocks and delays, so I expected more of the same when I checked into Cambria.  Although expensive since my reservation was made last minute, my room on the 10th floor was very nice and clean.  Tonie D at the front desk is truly an angel and his kindness and hospitality was very much appreciated that evening.  He also provided me with a voucher for a complimentary wine after check in. Thank you Tonie!  You are the best!
Went for my first anniversary.
This is a nice hotel in centre city's theater district. Great amenities like the ability pair a device with the bathroom mirror (AWESOME SAUCE). Beds are deceptively comfortable (soft but sturdy), bathroom with half a door (starting to love that design) with a rainfall showerhead. The valet is a tad expensive but I could get used to it. There bar is nice and the happy hour deals can fill you up. I did not get a chance to use my first time $10 discount (don't forget). I hope to come again and go for two days. Maybe I can use that ten bucks, lol.

P. S. 
FYI there's a Wawa north of the hotel.
Not the best service of many the hotels I've been to. Our luggage was well lost by the airline, I notified the front desk when we checked in to please inform us when it was delivered. They never did, I had to call the Front desk the next morning to find out if it was delivered.  Also upon check-in I was given the choice to get 250 extra membership points or a chip that gave me a buy one get one drink free at the bar. I chose the chip, apparently there's a process you need to let the bartender know in order for the chip to be effective and get your free drink. That didn't work out well for us at the bar. Later in the evening we ordered a banana split from the restaurant. It took 25 minutes and when it came there was no banana, the waiter said the bananas were bad and they decided not to use them on the banana split.  When we checked out we  when we used the hotel process of texting the valet to pull our car around. 10 minutes later when we went downstairs to get the car the valet said they never got the text even though I showed him the text on the phone. I don't know about this hotel..... they don't seem to have their act together.
Halloween weekend 2020 was my first time visiting Philadelphia and the Cambria hotel did not disappoint me. Checked in on Friday afternoon and it was a very smooth process.  I stayed in the Corner Suite and it was very spacious and clean, with a perfect view of the city with wrap around windows. The bathroom mirror has bluetooth for you to connect your phone to play music. Our room was missing the bluetooth passcode, so I had to call the front desk and was provided the code right away. I also called the front desk for additional towels and a staff member was at my room within 5 minutues. The lobby area and convenient store area was clean and had modern decor. This hotel is not exceptional, but is a very nice place to stay.
It was my second time in Philly and both times I came here as I enjoyed and fully satisfied with their service. Realistically speaking, prices are good enough or prices are enough low and affordable for the facilities of this Hotel. Rooms are clean and well designed. They do take care of you even though you come early than check in time. At the check out time you do keep your luggage's until you leave. I believe that I do come back again here and write a another positive review.
