The Canopy Hotel by Hilton was a great unexpected surprise.  I only stay at Hilton properties (I travel a lot for work, so I stick to certain things to accumulate rewards points).  Hilton has been busy aquiring properties.  Which is a good thing.   This Canopy Hotel is a really chic boutique hotel.  I loved it.  The design was A+, with customer strand amenities to match.  You can use your phone as your room key.  You phone can also control the TV too.  The bed was super comfortable, and the wifi was blazin! 
    
     Everything in this hotel was designed well and they too notch fittings.  I really appreciated the nespresso machine with free pods.  1 cool thing I this hotel has that I've never seen before is that ther leave you a quart sized glass milk bottle, and on each floor is a filtered ice and water machine.   Great touch.  Brass this, wood that, beautiful tile this... etc. 

    I give it a 4 star, not to compete with Four Seasons and the upper crust resorts.  But for travelers hotels.  I'd actually stay here even if I wasn't on a work trip.  

Until next time...
I had an excellent stay here over the Thanksgiving break. This hotel is in Center City and close proximity to wonderful local businesses, downtown markets and great restaurants. The hotel itself has helpful staff which is happy to accommodate its guests. A great downstairs restaurant that served me one of the tastiest croissant breakfast sandwiches around, a beautiful colorful gym space that had all the basic weight and cardio equipment you could want for a quick workout, and the prettiest newly finished rooms you could imagine. The rooms were notably small, butt he finishes were lovely and unique, the space immaculately clean, and the shower was a dream. I really liked the stay here and it felt very chic and luxurious. 

Best of all, it's attached to a Federal Donut shop! Literally the best coffee drinks, donuts and chicken sandwiches in town.
Lovely hotel in a great location.    Valet parking only.   Nice hotel bar and restaurant.   All the workers were great.  Bartenders were also great.   Room was on 13th floor.  Nice decor.  Nice lighting.   Small room as anticipated but met our needs.  A minute from Reading Terminal. Minutes from Independence Hall. Tons right around there.  We got a $24 credit. (Which doesn't go too far). Great donut shop attached to hotel too. (The coffee cake flavored ones were fantastic). I would definitely stay here again!!!
I have stayed in many hotels in my lifetime is hotel is among the top 10 !! 
The hotel is awesome. During the covid cleaning and service is excellent. 
The service from the bell person to the front desk was great. The Hilton app is wonderful allowing you to check in with your phone, control your room functions and access with digital key/ 
The rom was clean and comfortable. With the app you are allowed to pick your own room in advance. 
I highly recommend this hotel when in Center City in Philly !!
I am a huge fan of Hilton.  Had to reserve many rooms here and everyone loved the hotel and service.  Hotel staff texted me periodically to check in about our stay.  Execs said the hotel was very nice, good location, great perks as Hilton Honors member, good rates, and loved the upgrade.  One of the reasons I booked this hotel is because I noticed all during Covid they got great reviews, the place was well-maintained, and the staff of this hotel also check the yelp reviews.  So many other Hilton properties nationwide went into disarray and got so many one star reviews during Covid and even after Covid. To find this place with such high marks was great.  I felt confident booking this place sight unseen.
Such a cute hotel! We really enjoyed our stay! The room was such a vibe! (All of the exclamation marks reflect how much I loved it lol) 
The hotel was like 4.5 stars rounded up and the reason why is because we had to call down to the front desk for items. They didn't give us an issue about it but still it was a bit of a wonder why if two people or more were going to be in a room why more than one of some items weren't provided. Also in the package we were expecting some items to be included so already in the room but we had to call for that too. The parking package came in handy but it was a bit confusing at first because the valet wasn't really aware and then we had to explain to them it was included then go to check it out with the hotel. Maybe the hotel should provide the valet with a list of people who purchase that kind of hotel/parking package in the future... That would be a bit helpful for the guests. None of that took away from the stay however. If you're into art details it was tidbits of it all throughout the hotel. From the   giant gold record in the elevator to the cassette tape collage painting on our floor. A art collection of purses in the lobby and an ensemble of trinkets in the lobby front desk.
I'd definitely stay here again.
We booked a king standard room and stayed here with our toddler for 3 weeknights recently. There are no amenities other than a restaurant on site (Wayward), and that its connected to Federal Donuts next door. Detailed review below:

Parking: there are options with varying prices close by. The Lowes hotel is $55/60 a night across the st but think priority goes to their guests. Canopy does have valet for around the same price as well. We opted to self park at the East Market Parking Garage which was across the street next to the pet/vet place. $35 per night. Another night we found a garage next to Jefferson hospital and a coupon online which brought the rate down to $18 per night, but was a 4-5 minute walk from the hotel.

Hotel: the king standard was on the ninth floor and we had the curtains drawn almost the entire time so the view didn't matter. There are I believe 12 floors of which PH is 12. The ceilings are so tall, and the property itself is beautiful and swanky. The room is modest and quite tight but was just enough for our stay. The bathroom, thankfully was larger than most other hotels and came in handy with our toddler.

Covid: masks were not worn by all staff members. Since housekeeping is only on demand, we did ask for towels and toiletries a few times which was fine. We communicated via the Hilton Honors app and I believe it was with front desk. 

Diamond status - we are Hilton Diamond members and  there was no upgrade offered upon mobile check in. We received $24 daily credit for use at the Wayward (honestly cant get much of a breakfast let alone a meal for 2). We ended up ordering bottled juices just to spend the credit and interestingly enough one day the juices were 10oz (tiny) and the next to was 16.5... strange...

Some items to note - the valet staff were not attentive at all thru our 3 night stay. I'm not one to fuss but when they're standing and poking at their phones at the valet booth, at least help us press the button to open the doors for us if you see that we are schlepping a stroller, young child, umbrella, bags etc. Just looking for basic courtesy. On the flip side, we did mobile check in which helped us bypass the front desk interaction and using your phone you unlock the hotel room/activate elevator. You can literally check in and out with zero human interaction. The hotel room has switches and outlets in particular the bed frame which our toddler loved switching on and off all night long. How awesome for a good night's rest!
Stayed here for a weekend Philly trip at the end of May 2021. I've stayed at plenty of Philly hotels and the Canopy was one of the more pleasant stays. 

Pros: 
The location is probably the best thing. It is extremely central and everything is a few minutes walking distance. The decor of the hotel is very modern and beautiful, perfect for a backdrop. The room are cozy and nice, we took plenty of naps while we were there. The staff is also extremely nice and helpful if you need anything. The bar is also top notch, we had a couple of drinks there and loved it. 

Cons: 
Getting to the rooms can be confusing if you're on the 2nd floor (not sure if this is the case on other floors). The elevators bring you to an area full of conference rooms and the hotel rooms are through an unlabelled door, pretty confusing. There weren't any vents in the bathroom and our sink was slow to drain. There was only one staff member checking in people at 4pm (check-in time) so it was a long wait. 

This hotel is very nice and the location is everything. I'll probably be back next year!
This hotel yet again confirms that canopy hotels will never disappoint you with their interior design and attention to detail. When we travel we always try to choose canopy hotels because each property gives you a unique experience. This particular property has an amazing location as well as art centric retro modern design. For those concerned about Covid, there's nothing to worry about at this property. Everything was heavily sanitized and proper sanitary procedures were in place throughout our stay. We definitely recommend staying here!
Loved loved this hotel!!! The staff was amazing. Restaurant food in the hotel was fabulous and the hotel was impeccably clean and updated all around. I would definitely stay here again!
This hotel is pretty new, we were told they just opened in August 2020. The hotel is very clean. We stayed on the highest floor which had a decent view. The room was super cute with a comfortable bed. There was even a Nespresso machine in the room which is the reason I went out and purchased a Nespresso machine for myself! All the staff here are very professional, accommodating and did their best to make us feel welcome. I have stayed at many hotels in Philly over the years but this one is definitely my favorite and will be my go to hotel when I decide to visit Philadelphia again.
Overall it is a beautiful property in a prime location. Friendly staff and and room's themselves are beautiful. There is not much more you can ask for in a hotel room. There was one negative of the trip however and that was the temps of the rooms. I couldn't use blankets at night because the room was so hot. It never got below 73 no matter how low we tried to set it. Overall almost a perfect stay minus the heat.
If you are looking for a colorful, vibrant, and not to mention Instagrammable hotel in Philly, the Canopy is the one for you! There is so much detail in the hotel design: everything from basketball wall art, to intricately patterned flooring, to ornate plush chairs. Shower had great water pressure and was nice and hot! Beds were comfy with complimentary Canopy socks waiting for us. We were on the 10th floor, and the view from our room was so pretty. Stash tea and Nespresso machine were great additions to the room. Perks: Federal Donuts are basically located in the lobby, and the Wayward Philly is the perfect onsite dining experience (oysters and cocktails were fab). Every staff member we encountered was friendly and helpful -- shoutout to Elo at the front desk and Chelsea at the Wayward! And the hotel is walking distance to so many cool areas of Philly, like Reading Terminal Market and City Hall. We will definitely be back!!!
Wonderful and fun girls stay in Philadelphia on the way to the beach... very clean with solid covid safety measures all in place. Felt safe at this fun and trendy hotel.. The rotary phone and radio were a hit with this crew
Amazing hotel. From service , to decor , to comfort. 

Day'Shana checked me and a few others in the evening rush and was great from start to finish. There was a small mishap with my room not being done and she stepped in and rectified immediately and even checked in on me shortly after to make sure I was comfortable. Great customer service on her end. 

The restaurant downstairs is a hit! Must try. My bed was super comfortable , wow. I haven't slept on a bed that comfortable in a hotel in forever. 

Highly recommend and will definitely be back in the future!!!
Perfect hotel, perfect location! We were able to walk everywhere we wanted... reading terminal, china town, you name it. Loved their happy hour drinks as well! Would stay here again if I come back to the city.
