List of terrible things about my apartment

Construction on the floor above me all the time
Elevators constantly out of order
I didn't have hot water in the shower when I moved in, for a few months
Hot water in the whole apartment would be turned off way later than they told you about
No ventilation in the kitchen - if you cooked you set off the fire alarm
The floor in my room had to be replaced because some pipe was leaking 
Constantly doing construction or remodeling that really inconvenienced everyone in the building

As I am writing this review, I am packing to move out in less than a week. They are having mandatory maintenance on all apartments, ripping out walls and installing something for the central air conditioner. I just talked to the manager of the building (who came to my apartment) and told her I was moving in a few days and that this had to be done today. This is the worst place I have ever lived in. I cannot wait to move.
Not the best 1st apartment experience I could have had! I moved out of my parents house Aug 2015, and I moved here.
The "amenities" are great but they coast a lot.
The apartment layout it nice, but not ADA.
Week 3 I was greeted by 4 roaches in my FOOD-LESS kitchen. During that same week I noticed water was coming up from my floor, my smoke detectors didn't work and there was crack all throughout my walls in every single room. I went down to the office to make note of it and to this day no one has come to fix it. 
We had no heat in the winter, so they gave us tiny space heaters...
The roach problem still going on, and I also had a mice problem that still continues today because it was "fixed" by placing a poison box in the corner. 
There is not one amenity that my boyfriend paid for that he could have used because he's in a wheelchair. Even if he wanted to most of the place was shut down for renovations up until February/March 2016. (7/12months)He can't even get in the pool people they don't have any wheelchair access at all what so ever. Usually with public or private pools there is a chair ajacnt to the pool that allows people like him to enter. That's not here. So he sadly has to sit on the side and watch everyone else enjoy it. Or stay upstairs.
The elevator is also out of order.
The water lines are  on/off.
They spend more time renovating the lobby than they do renovating the apartments.
There's no cold water in the kitchen.
We pay $10 monthly for parking and they towed our REGISTERED car because we didn't put a sticker on the car.
We were double charged the regular fee for having to be let into our apartment when I misplaced my key.
And I honestly wouldn't be surprised if they tried to keep my deposit check when I leave for something I didn't do.
I love the area so much that I'd stay had it not been for all the mantainece, rodent and insect issues but it's not worth it! Hopefully things change soon. Good luck!
Apartment - A- rating
+ Bright and cheery with big windows the full length of the apartment.  
+ New stainless steel appliances.  
+ 3 hallway closets in our 2 BR 1 Bath apartment.  Although the higher closet shelves are semi-functioning due to the small space between the front of the shelf and the front wall.  
+ Our unit was newly renovated with modern colors (white ceilings and trim and light gray walls).  However, the quality of renovation is well below the advertisement of "luxury apartments.  It looks decent on the surface, but the floors have paint splatters all over and the closet and bathroom walls were poorly done.
- There's quite a lot of street and industrial noise on the back side of the building throughout the day, as early as 6am, even from the 7th floor (delivery trucks, dumpster pick-ups, etc.). 
Move-in readiness -  
- The apartment needed a good cleaning before moving in.  In particular, the windows were filthy and all the closet shelves had clumps of drywall dirt.  
- Our moving company needed to wait a few hours before they could unload because management failed to reserve the freight elevator.

Management - D rating

The onsite staff was incredibly unprofessional and unfriendly the staff.  You only need to ride the elevators several times to get the downlow on the general resident sentiment.  In fact, I might suggest you might ride the elevators and talk to the residents several times during peak times  (5-7pm) before you decide to sign the lease.

By far the biggest problems we had was with the service tickets:
- Tickets were closed before work is completed (or without anyone coming to look at the issue in some cases).  We needed to open 3 tickets each for the latch on our main door and our heating/AC units before the problems were fixed.
- Maintenance was unreliable and often shows up weeks after the date we were initially told they would come, with no check-ins/updates in the meantime.
- We needed to continually stop by the office (or call) to inquire on the status of our tickets because we have no visibility to the tickets online and because of the unreliability of the crew showing up.
- It took lengthy conversations to convince the staff that our issue warrants attention.  We're not talking about petty issues... one of our AC units was crumbling inside.
- There's no proactive follow-up by management to provide status updates on open tickets or check-ins regarding whether the maintenance team has satisfactorily resolved the tickets before they were closed (see 1st bullet).
- Most concerning and disappointing for us is that we logged tickets for issues that pose a safety hazard for our infant.  
    o It took 4+ months ago to get the cold air returns covered up.  Even then, only 3/4 was completed.  The one in her bedroom was never fixed, so we couldn't allow her to play there.  These cold air returns are at floor level and gross dirty with nails sticking out.  We had to keep something in front of them so that toys, hands, and feet don't end up going in there.  
    o They never fixed the chipping paint on the heating/cooling units after repeated reminders... our nanny's daughter was chewing on them at one point.
We have lived here for a year and six months now, and we're not going anywhere. The building has done nothing but improve since my last review. 

The biggest and best improvement is our new property manager, Matt Rhoades. Not only is he personable and friendly but he gets things done. He works very hard, along with the rest of the staff to make sure our community living is as good as it gets. 

We now have two new front deskman working 8am-8pm. 

They have increased the security in the building by making the elevators key fob access only. 

We've never had any issues with any kind of pests in our apartment in all the time we've been here, nor have I heard from any of the residents about pest issues. Not sure why other tenants are complaining about that issue and leaving only 1 star.. that just isn't fair considering almost every apartment complex has pest issues. 

Our work orders are always finished quickly.  

The elevators still need some major improvements but overall we're happy tenants and will be staying for a long time.
Horrible management. Attempted to make changes to an existing lease before the terms were up, tried to add feed mid-leads, lost a signed lease agreement, lost the security deposit check, and finally made security deposit check out to wrong person. Constant lies and misinformation. Avoid at all costs.
My boyfriend and I have lived here for 10 months and are planning to renew our lease for the first time ever (that says a lot considering we move every year). We have a large 1 bedroom/1 bathroom with the highest upgrades (kitchen wall cut out, laminate floors, new kitchen etc.). Since moving in we have noticed a huge turn around with the ages of people moving in. The building has gained a lot of younger tenants in the last few months, and we've made a lot of friends in our age range which we've really enjoyed. I'm going to just make a list of pro's and cons and go off of that. You can't simply pick the bad things about this apartment and give it a bad rating based on that. Living in a building that is undergoing a renovation isn't for everybody. People don't understand how much work goes into it and just expect it all to be done at the snap of their fingers.. doesn't work that way people. 

PROS:
-The community overall is very friendly
-Dog friendly! (They've increased the weight restriction but still have breed restrictions)
-Utilities are CHEAP ! (Our most expensive bill came to $17, no seriously.)
-They have finally completed the Club Level which includes a game room, community room that you can rent w/ a kitchen, bathrooms, computer room, kids play area, and a gym.
-The renovations are very nice. They are planning to redo the hallways and also replace all of the windows in the building, we just don't know when. 
-The views, and the windows that span the entire length of the apartment.
-The balconies are huge. Ours is 35 feet long and 8 feet deep.
- Key fob entry
- Huge storage closets in every apartment ! (This made it easy for us to downsize from our previous 2 bedroom 2 bath. )


CONS:
-The elevators are literally always breaking down, its not a normal week if they're all running for the entire week, or if someone doesn't get stuck in one. 
- The fire department is always at our complex due to the fire alarms going off at least 2 times a month
-The walls are paper thin. (Im not kidding, we hung a small piece of artwork on our dining room wall and the nail went through the wall to our bedroom. Our wall to our neighbors is just as thin.) You hear everything. Everything.
-Management. While the management team is very nice and friendly it can be a huge pain to get things done. I understand why people write bad reviews on here, but you have to know how to handle things the right way to get what you need done. Know who to talk to about issues and follow up constantly and you won't have an issue is what I'm saying.
-Smoke alarm is right above the stove, solution to this is to have your microwave vent fan on, or just have a small fan blowing it away from the smoke detector.
- They only have two front desk concierge which is a pain when you need to get packages on days they aren't there. (We used to have someone there every day between 8am-8pm and now I don't even know what days or times they are or aren't there but its not nearly as often.)
New management is what this building needed and got the entire building is one hundred percent better I would recommend living here now they took care of all the major problems and will work with you one on one excellent place to live.
The good: The only reason I even gave this junker 2 stars:
1. Most of the people who work here are great.  They were a pleasure to deal with (for the most part).  When something breaks, which is does ALL.  THE.  TIME, they will come attempt to fix it pretty quickly. Also, most of the tenants are great too.
2. The balcony views from the upper floors.   Also, the balconies are huge.  Lots of room for outdoor furniture and plants. 

The bad: this place is a piece of old, broken down, crap. 
1. Don't forget, this place is a business, and they will lie to you to get your business.  So when signing your lease, READ EVERY SINGLE DOCUMENT. Ask questions.
2. We had a mouse problem for months. They were never able to catch him. He visited us so often, we gave him a name.  Marvin the mouse.  I hope he's happy with his new home, wherever he is.  
3. Take a walk around the property - there is trash everywhere, all the time.
4. Ned to do laundry? Good luck.
5. You will pay $10 per month per car, to use their outdoor parking lots. BUT BE AWARE, this does NOT mean you will get a parking spot.  They have very limited parking.  The $10 is paid for the privilege of having access to the parking. The garage is an outrageous $100/month or more - not sure if that guarantees you're a spot.  
6. Due to the parking space issue, people are forced to park anywhere they can fit their car, including all the fire lanes. So, if you live here, pray there is no fire. Also, if you are handicapped, good luck.  All of those spots are taken too....including by cars with flat tires and haven't moved in the 15 months we have lived here.
7. Per management, the initial pet deposit does not actually pay for anything or go toward anything. It simply allows you the privilege of having a pet on their property.
8. Additionally, the MONTHLY pet fee does not actually pay for anything, it simply allows you the privilege of continuing to have a pet in your apartment.  No, it does not pay for any damage your pet may cause in the apartment.
9. DO NOT hang anything on the walls.  Not even command hooks.  Per the management "I always tell my tenants to never hang anything on the walls, this is temporary living"  Another words, don't make your apartment pleasant and inviting. Leave the walls bare - trust me on this.
10. If you are temperature sensitive, do not live here.  You can only turn on the air a few months out of the year, otherwise, it's heat.  Which never actually completely turns off.  You have to place blankets on top of the unit to help keep the heat contained. 
11. On move out, YOU are required to do a professional cleaning (see attached list of tasks and how much they cost if the apartment was to do it for you?).  This is because they will not have the place professionally cleaned before the next person moves in. The property manager confirmed this when we moved out. 
12. When you move in, be prepared to move into an apartment that is falling apart.  The walls have been re-pained so many times with such cheap paint, that it just chips right off. We tried using comment hook and the hooks would come right off with the paint attached.  The seams of the walls are falling apart. And they tried to fix them, but very very poorly. (see pictures )
13. The bathtub has been terribly repaired as well.  Looks like it was chipped, and then simply repainted, with a color that doesn't match.  Additionally, the walls were covered by some kind of lining, which is lifting off of the wall, and the things behind that lining are falling into the tub. It's great.         (see pictures )
14. When we did our day 1 walkthrough, there were giant holes in the tile of the of bathroom wall.  It was obvious they had taken out a soap holder, but never bothers to put a new holder in.  They just left the big ugly holes in the tile.  When we asked for that to be fixed, it was a joke.  They put some white paint or putty over it.  Then it just looked like holes in tile that were fixed by a toddler. (see pictures )
15. There were spots all over the apartment that were obvious paint patches over nail holes or other blemishes, but those patches were glossy white paint, and the original paint was matte.  Again, really crappy craftsmanship.  (see pictures )
16. The floors are very uneven and sloping.  
17. Elevators breakdown semi frequently. 
18. When you move out, you will be required to fix the apartment back to the same exact shape as when you moved in.  yet they do not have pictures of what it looked like when you moved in.  They have no way on knowing which paint chips were already there, which poorly patched seams were not your doing, which mismatched paint was previously there.  (see pictures )
19. In summary: don't move in here if you want to stay sane or want to enjoy life.
I HAD TO SPEAK WITH THE CORPORATE MGR AND HE TOLD ME HE COULD ONLY REFUND ME HALF MY DEPOSIT BC THEY DONT USUALLY DO REFUNDS AND THAT HE WILL TALK TO MS STAUB ABOUT HER CUSTOMER SERVICE SKILLS. 
But actually when I initially asked for a refund and said I changed my mind I was told no refund bc there was a possible tenant that she could have rented to so I asked well why didn't that person get the apt she said well they said they changed their mind and decided to go elsewhere. So I'm like what ?? Well then that person wasn't a possible tenant you were going to rent to. She also said "but he didn't get his money back either". So that made me think  ok so you also just got a $500 deposit from this person too, to "take the apt off the market ". So how often does this go on smh. Just bad business bad customer service from jana and lots of hidden fees a fee for parking $100 month on top of rent $1296 for 1 bdrm and other fees I cant remember.
Beautiful looking interior but when you move in it goes down hill, rat problems, major leaks in the roof, maintenance never gets fix within a month time, no concierge like they said the management just does not care been living here over a year and I'm highly disappointed.
Beautiful looking interior but when you move in it goes down hill, rat problems, major leaks in the roof, maintenance never gets fix within a month time, no concierge like they said the management just does not care been living here over a year and I'm highly disappointed.
7600 is a terrific apartment building with amazing renovated apartments that are spacious with windows that span the width of each room so tons of light. And, the balconies are long with unobstructed world class views. I have a 2 bed room/ 2 bath. 

Management made my move in easy and have attended promptly and professionally to any repairs or needs I have had, albeit few which is a good thing.
I've been dealing with mouse running through my apartment for the last 4 months now the building is infested with them. Just some of my many leak and rat problems at chestnut hill tower. It's a beautiful space when your first looking at it but for the price I pay $2,130 a month I should not have to deal with mini waterfalls in my ceiling every time it rains, or mouse and bug problems or water damage to my furniture. Love the amenities and area if only management was better.
Let me start by saying the apt manager is thee rudest the leasing agents are very kind and will work with u. But jana staub is extremely rude and the 1st month rent is actually not free like they say it's actually 2nd month supposedly free and I was told they need $500 suddenly one morning and that day immediately to take apt. Off the market. I paid but I was never told the balance needed to actually move in until day before I was given schedule to move in. It was more than I expected bc everytime I asked i was bs'd around. So I had a guesstimate but their amt was more than I had anticipated including a fee just to park your car . I was never told that my 500 was non refundable. But when I explained the amount was sprung on me right the day before they gave me to move in when I kept asking how much to move in i kept being told she's still drawing up lease. Then when she did give me the price it was not what was expected bc i was told basically pay security deposit no last month and 1st month free which is false advertisement bc its actually 2nd month rent free from what i was later informed the whole time and all the many discussions we had by email and phone never said oh btw it's actually 2nd month rent free. So I decided idk if I want to work with ppl who play like this and asked how I could go about getting my $500 deposit back I mean you said you needed the deposit to take off the market and it's only been a week I could see if it was a month then maybe you could say you wasted time and could have had the pIace rented out. I called again today to speak with apt manager she was totally rude and disrespectful and talked to me like I was a piece of shit which I kinda picked up on her vibe when I went to visit the place 2 occasions she was rude 1st occasion she was like dismissive and stand offish like she didn't want to be bothered and said she couldn't show us a place bc there were no leasing agents available that day which I didn't understand if you're thee apt manager (jana staub)u should be able to show if you're busy then say that then not there's no leasing agents available. If there was ever a time I felt that I was not wanted or extremely unwelcomed this was it. But I said ok and left. The 2nd interaction with her was worse because I walked into the office and was told by jana umm excuse u see we're taking care of someone u have to wait out here ( in the hallway outside the office ). Which I thought wow that seems rude there's one lady in there a waiting room and with chairs and tea and u want me to stand outside like a kid. But theresa who handled me was very nice so I dismissed it and forgot about it. But after today and the way jana talked to me no way she is too confrontational. So I would say to all beware.
Not the best 1st apartment experience I could have had! I moved out of my parents house Aug 2015, and I moved here.
The "amenities" are great but they coast a lot.
The apartment layout it nice, but not ADA.
Week 3 I was greeted by 4 roaches in my FOOD-LESS kitchen. During that same week I noticed water was coming up from my floor, my smoke detectors didn't work and there was crack all throughout my walls in every single room. I went down to the office to make note of it and to this day no one has come to fix it. 
We had no heat in the winter, so they gave us tiny space heaters...
The roach problem still going on, and I also had a mice problem that still continues today because it was "fixed" by placing a poison box in the corner. 
There is not one amenity that my boyfriend paid for that he could have used because he's in a wheelchair. Even if he wanted to most of the place was shut down for renovations up until February/March 2016. (7/12months)He can't even get in the pool people they don't have any wheelchair access at all what so ever. Usually with public or private pools there is a chair ajacnt to the pool that allows people like him to enter. That's not here. So he sadly has to sit on the side and watch everyone else enjoy it. Or stay upstairs.
The elevator is also out of order.
The water lines are  on/off.
They spend more time renovating the lobby than they do renovating the apartments.
There's no cold water in the kitchen.
We pay $10 monthly for parking and they towed our REGISTERED car because we didn't put a sticker on the car.
We were double charged the regular fee for having to be let into our apartment when I misplaced my key.
And I honestly wouldn't be surprised if they tried to keep my deposit check when I leave for something I didn't do.
I love the area so much that I'd stay had it not been for all the mantainece, rodent and insect issues but it's not worth it! Hopefully things change soon. Good luck!
The property manager of this apartment complex is the worst. Go ahead and save yourself the time and effort of moving into this complex, as they won't even give you the decency to respond to your emails within a 7 day time frame, only to respond with sarcasm and unprofessionalism. One thing I will say is the gentleman who first answers the phone when you call is quite a pleasure, as he was the only person I interacted with that was nice to me and even gave me the proper time of day. Was really hoping to move into this apartment complex, but due to the ego and unwillingness of some within this organization, I am now forced to move on to a new complex after paying close to $300 in application fees. Don't waste your time or money with these people.
Dirty and very poor quality apartments. Even the workers agree. Convinced a 5 year old could build something of better quality. Excited to move out at the end of my lease! Only good things are the balconies. And that's it. Oh and a leasing agent was nice to us. Only one of them though.
DO NOT MOVE HERE! Worst apt ever, you will regret it. They are ran by scammers who over charge you for everything. Make sure you have a good lawyer! They need to be closed down!
