I've stayed at this hotel several times over the last five years, and I am disappointed to report a disturbing recent incident: I left my room at 7 am for a golf tournament, which required me to walk for five hours up and down hills.  I ended up pulling my lower back badly and returned to the hotel to immediately put ice on it and rest.  My room had NOT been cleaned when I arrived at 2.30 pm.  I called the desk only to be told, "We have many rooms that have to be cleaned," no apology, just excuses.  I locked the door, put out the "do not disturb" sign, lay down on a bag of ice and fell to sleep. At some point, I heard banging on the door, woke up, and yelled I was sleeping.  I had to leave for a dinner at 6 pm, and as I left the room found a sign from housekeeping hanging on my door (I have a photo) that claimed two earlier attempts had been made to clean my room but the "do not disturb" sign had been hanging there. Now it's one thing not to have your room cleaned but quite another for housekeeping to blame it on the guest. I showed the front desk the note, informed her of the lie, and was told the manager would call me.  There was no call from the manager. The room was not cheap, it was a suite with $50 worth of taxes added on for each night I stayed.  Management showed no concern for any of this, which tells me the Chestnut Hill Hotel should be approached with caution from now on.
I have waited to write my review as I sent an email to the hotel and was hoping for a response before I posted but I have not received one. We were disappointed in our stay mostly from a housekeeping perspective.
First let me say finding the parking lot was not all that easy as it wasn't clearly indicated on the website or at the hotel but we took a guess and pulled up the side street and found a parking lot with other stores etc and decided it must be the right one. You can't see the hotel from the parking lot so it is a guess. Parking was a nightmare Saturday night as this is a public lot and we had to circle several times until someone left. We were told by the front desk you have to park on the street and move later when there is a spot which is not so appealing and after the snow there was little to no parking as the streets had not been plowed.
Check in was smooth and accommodating. The hotel is old and I found the furniture in the "lobby" to be dated and a bit frumpy. Found our room after winding through the halls. The room was nice, nothing over the top with amenities, furnishings etc and the refrigerator is very, very small, a bottle of wine barely fits lying down on an angle. The beds were very comfortable. 
The issues started when my friend went to pull down the sheets at bedtime and found a pubic hair in her bed. We also found stains on the quilt that appeared to be old blood, this was on both beds and numerous spots. The towels also had stains on them that should have been bleached out.
The next morning we requested the sheets and quilts be replaced and they were that day. We had used all the glasses the night before and left them in plain sight on the dresser, they were not replaced and not cleaned. The soap and shampoo was also not replaced in the bathroom. 
My other complaint was the breakfast. I wrongly assumed this would be a B&B style fresh breakfast when in fact it was exactly what you would get in a chain hotel except you had linen napkins and china. Nice touch but the linen napkins were a wrinkled mess which in my opinion defeats the purpose of using linen.
So, I think that there is clearly a quality control issue with housekeeping. When I am paying $259.00 per night I expect an attention to detail and not to find hair and stains on my bed linens and to have clean glasses.Housekeeping needs spot checks and supervision to ensure standards are kept.
We stayed here while visiting schools around the area, and the hotel looked really cute from the outside. The receptionist was really friendly and nice. 

When we got to our room, it was a different story. The bedspread had a few discolored spots, and when we tried to cover it up with the blanket that was in the closet, we discovered that it had stains all over it as well. We looked at the sheets, and they had scattered random blemishes on them as well.  We asked them if we could have a different room, and they gave us a new one, which was better, but did have a small bloodstain and a few tiny blemishes in the bed linens. 

There just doesn't seem to be any pride with this place. Everything is old, worn-down, and dirty. It looked like it used to be a really cute, nice hotel, but there was no upkeep.

Pros are that it's really close to a nice shopping district/good restaurants like the Melting Pot, and that they have their own parking lot.

-----------------------------------------------------------------

Edit- 9/20/10
We've since moved to Philly and met some classmates who work there right now. They say things have gotten much better since we visited and that there are a lot of reforms.
On the fence with this hotel. After having issues with another Bed and Breakfast, the Chestnut Hill Hotel was a sigh of relief. When my sister and I arrived the check in process was smooth and our hotel was ready early. With our 2 queen beds, my bed had a small stain on the comforter (no worries, I don't really use that), but my sister's bed looked fine. The hair dryer was fantastic and the mini fridge worked great. My biggest beef with the room is the loud heating unit. Very grateful that it worked, but it was a little obnoxious. The bedroom/bathroom was what I expected after booking. 

The free breakfast was another story. Saturday morning there was a buffet of oatmeal, waffles, hard boiled eggs, defrosted fruit, yogurt, granola, and some sweetened dried cranberries. The lack of meat was a little bit of a shock since I'm from Texas, but there were plenty of protein options. Sunday breakfast was the bigger issue. They had less options (while Sunday is generally when you'd expect a greater display), and they only had one guy in charge of cleaning and restocking the food. The poor guy was running around constantly and guests were getting frustrated. Since they set the table for you, guests must pick up plates from an empty table instead of from the buffet line. Although it is nice to have a set table, it's a little awkward. In addition, the tea dispenser had coffee drips coming out of it (even though it's hot water only), so it took a couple tries to get a clear cup of tea. I paid so much for the room that the breakfast was a huge let down. Their breakfast quality in relation to their room rate is the biggest reason why I would debate booking again. 

SEPTA has a train stop near the hotel, so it is incredibly easy to get from the airport to the Chestnut Hill Hotel ($9, 3/2014). On top of that, there are great restaurants to eat at (Green Soul and Iron Hill Brewery & Restaurant were our stops) and Bredenbeck's Bakery is incredible. 

All in all, not a bad place to stay. However don't expect much from the breakfast buffet and plan an early lunch.
It was freezing cold the night I stayed here. The gal at the front desk was kind enough to bring a space heater because the heat wasn't working. I called at 11:00 to get another room because I couldn't take it any more, and she offered me the suite. I told her that I was here on business and was paying the corporate rate, and that I appreciated her gesture.  When I went to the front desk, there was a strange man there (who seemed to also work for the hotel) who argued with her in front of me over the rate change and that the manager would be angry if I was given the other room (even though my room was basically uninhabitable).  I told her not to worry about it and just give me whatever they had available at our corporate rate, even though they should have given me the available upgrade because of the inconvenience.  No snark about the front desk gal, but her colleague's attitude was really uncalled for.  Enough to warrant a bad review from me.

The original room, although cold, was nicely updated. It was also in the annexed building, which was undergoing renovations.  In hindsight, I probably shouldn't have been put there in the first place.  The replacement room wasn't much warmer and didn't have the king bed that I wanted, but it is late and I am tired.
Charming hotel right on Germantown Ave (be sure to ask about the parking lot out back).  Rooms are more spacious than you would expect for a cozy, historic spot (we were on the 4th floor with a nice street view).  They do free continental breakfast, plus have access inside to two restaurants, one meh (Chestnut Hill Grill) and one amazing (Paris Bistro).  Bottom line: a great spot for an overnight getaway in one of the nicest neighborhoods on the city outskirts.
the good-- bed,jetted tub

the bad--room was freezing! and it wasn't cold out, NO COFFEE MAKER IN ROOM--I requested a QUIET ROOM IT WAS NOT! #604 Carriage room was above a sandwich shop that had loud music and when workers took breaks it was right below my window!!

the ugly--pet hair all over rug,clearly not vacuumed! -human hair all over bathroom floor!!
glass table tops clearly not cleaned! !  Only 1 Robe in closet was ripped to shreds by the dog that had been in the room!!  1 of the 2 Smoke Alarms or Carbon Minioxde Alarms ( for the Gas Fireplace) where disarmed and hanging --that's safe!
What a dump. Dirty, stained room, partially painted bathroom lacking a shower mat - those were the highlights. We were robbed. Noisy front room above the cafe. Oh and did I mention the instant coffee, frozen fruit and fake OJ at the  free breakfast? Why did we put up with this? Location in beautiful Chestnut Hill.
Next time we will research this better.
We stayed here the weekend of my wedding at the Valley Green Inn (which is amazing btw :) My husband and I had a great supreme king in the postal annex. We mostly have great things to say about the hotel, a few cons to be wary of: 
PROS: 
Great location in cozy chestnut hill with quick access to center city, manayunk, king of prussia
Free Parking
Restaurant in the hotel
Free breakfast 
Unique rooms (supreme king was a great size, comfy bed)
Overall the room was very clean
Close to Valley Green Inn if you are having or attending a wedding there
Walking distance to lots of shops and restaurants in Chestnut Hill
Lots of hiking/biking/running trails in walking distance
Very friendly staff (brought us flowers on our wedding day!)
Hotel staff was responsive when we needed something to clean the dishes in our room, toilet paper, etc.

CONS:
Air conditioning in the main building was broken for our guests staying there
Hotel messed up our family's reservations (and we heard overbooked others -- we read that this happens here so we confirmed our reservation several times beforehand and had no issues)
The shower has an odd design; the first try we ended up with water all over the floor 
Had to call housekeeping for some basic things and ended up taking out our own trash
I have stayed here several times and I couldn't have been more pleased. I live locally but once I had an emergency and they told me to come right in even though it was just 11 o'clock in the morning, nowhere near check in time. The staff was so accommodating and when I called shortly after I checked in to ask for more soap and towels someone was there within 5 minutes. They called my room later just to see if I needed anything, thats a bit different from most places. They go above and beyond and in this day and age that says a lot.
If you want to get a good night's sleep or get any sleep before 11p, don't stay here.  Street noise, restaurant noise, noise from the old heaters in the room.  If you are used to staying at a modern, clean hotel, this is not the place for you.  If you are looking for an old hotel that has had some renovations here and there, this is the place.  Ever seen Mary Tyler Moore after the plastic surgery?  Kinda like the Chestnut Hill Hotel, may look better than its actual age but something about it just makes you want to turn away
Not impressed. First, the parking is a public lot and we had to drive around looking for a spot because it was full when we arrived.  Then, we had to carry our bags in because the one luggage cart they had was in use and we didn't want to wait around.   We stayed in the main building, which needs to be updated.  The carpet in the room was dank and mildewy and the room in need of a  paint job.  The blanket on the bed was not doubled sheeted which is the minimum one would expect. Additionally, the lighting in the room was poor even with all the lamps on.   The breakfast served was similar to those you get at a chain along the interstate, not what is expected at a far from inexpensive boutique type hotel or inn.

On the positive side, the hotel is in a great location.
I love that the Chestnut Hill Hotel has a long history (the building itself has been around since 1894...whaaaaaat!)...I love that they are dog friendly (additional $25.00 per night with pup)...and I love that the staff are overall very friendly and courteous. It is, however, extremely expensive ($179.00 per night for a room with a queen bed, that price jumps to $229.00 per night on a Saturday) and for what you are paying, you should be getting a better experience.

I was here for a few nights over the weekend and the housekeeping services leave a lot to be desired. It seemed like the only thing they did was make the bed...and even then, it was done so carelessly. While the blankets and sheets were tucked in, the massive decorative pillows that I had put on the floor next to the bed were still there when I got back to the room (so, did they vacuum, or not...?). I had also put a pillow aside the night before because there were weird stains on it (it was late and I just put that pillow aside, assuming housekeeping would take care of it the next day) and the same pillowcase was still on my bed when I returned. Really? That's where I put my face...please change the pillowcases...just, please. Additionally, the shampoo, conditioner, and soap were not refilled. This may be standard for them, but for the price I paid? I don't think another 1.5 oz of shampoo and conditioner is unreasonable.

Housekeeping aside, when I spoke to the front desk staff later over the phone (side note: I wasn't able to speak to anyone in person because they were called away to help another guest), the person on the other line offered no remorse for their mediocre housekeeping experience. I'm not expecting a free room, but an apology goes a long way. And whether she was or not, I definitely felt like the person I was speaking to just thought, "Let me just file that complaint in this imaginary folder that I'm not going to do anything about..."

Chestnut Hill is a quaint, adorable little neighborhood that is a quick train ride to downtown, though it offers a lot of explorable gems in its own right. It's a shame that the Chestnut Hill Hotel does not live up to the standards of it's surroundings.
For the way it's marketed and for the location, this hotel is WAAAY overpriced for what you get.  Nothing special about the rooms or bathrooms; not historical or charming in any way.  A bit shabby.  Would not recommend staying here unless alternatives were booked.
Wow, what a great surprise this place turned out to be!

I made last minute reservations for a much needed night alone with my wife for her birthday and we were both thrilled with the choice. I often frequent the Farmer's Market which is adjacent to the hotel, but have never tried the hotel itself.

The staff at the hotel could not have more welcoming and are a fantastic representation of the business. Our room, in the Carriage House, was just wonderful. It had any modern luxury that one could ask for, with a great decor. The room was clean and plenty big enough. The bed was super comfortable and the bathroom (including a shower and claw-foot tub) was awesome. 

We enjoyed a few beers and a great sandwich at the bar before going to our room. The night was just about perfect. I could not recommend this place any more. It was just what we needed and will certainly be returning soon.
Beautiful location with great restaurants in walking distance. No hot water. Walls where you can hear tvs talking and anything else in your neighbors room. They put spoiled milk and expired yogurts out for breakfast. Wont b staying her again.
I just stayed in this wonderful hotel this weekend. What a lovely surprise! The staff was friendly and helpful. The rooms were clean and well appointed. The neighborhood is a fantastic location with many dining and shopping options in easy walking distance. It's an easy drive to Center City. I will return.
The room was nice, but NOISY. Do not stay here if you are looking for peace & quiet.

Something was being power- washed outside of my window at midnight. Also, the fireplace, although nice to look at, was noisy while it was on. 

The bed, jacuzzi bathtub, and glass shower stall were nice. 

All of the pre-programmed buttons on the phone went to the wrong places. I couldn't reach the front desk except by calling the actual phone number.

The best things about this hotel are the eateries surrounding it.
I stayed at this hotel for a wedding a couple years ago. I loved the updated modern room that I had. It felt cozy. The food for breakfast was great, as was the restaurant attached.
We booked two rooms 6 weeks ago for a special weekend celebration with friends then were called and told over a month later after receiving a confirmation notice that a wedding party had booked the rooms earlier. Frankly I think they got the business after our booking and bumped us from the rooms. Poor business and customer service which will be reported to the better business bureau. I understand this has happened to others with a reservation at this hotel. And there was no offer to make good on the reservation at another time.
I had a great stay at Chestnut Hill Hotel. The place is cozy, clean, and cute. We had a lovely breakfast (included) of waffles, yogurt, coffee, and eggs. Most importantly, they were able to accommodate my request for a very early check-in. They were completely booked the night before, and couldn't make me any promises when I made the reservation, but when I called the morning of to remind them of my request, they told me my room was already ready. That kind of attention to detail is very much appreciated.
We had a great time during our stay in the hotel. Front office staff John Orr & Michele are very helpful. John Orr is new recruit but his energy to help guest is excellent. I am sure he will do well in his life. They are very warm which is unlike lot of hotels in USA.
My husband and I are staying for a week and they gave us a small room with no storage for our clothes, only one luggage rack and only one robe. The closet is about 18 inches wide and there is no dresser or armoire.  When booking we asked for a quiet room and our room is right on Germantown Ave. The room is freezing. The front desk person, while very nice, cannot make any changes because she does not have access to reservations.   So we have to wait until tomorrow for the manager to come in to help us. I do not feel taken care of, that's for sure. Nor am I  optimistic that there is a room here to meet our needs.    :( This might be a good place if you are traveling alone and only staying one or two nights with a small suitcase.  We will probably have to check out tomorrow.  Too bad because it is a great location and we want to explore Chestnut Hill.
Loved the boutique feel of this hotel.  Love the location.  They offer espresso in the guest rooms.  Continental breakfast with bagel, yogurt, pastries, fresh fruit, juices and coffee options.  W
Located in a cute neighborhood with lots of shops. I love the market behind the hotel. They have their own free parking and wifi. Hotel staff is nice as well. The room was basic with lots of drapery and carpet. It's a bit too much dust in the room and being allergic to dust, it made my stay a bit unpleasant. The bathroom feels clean so that was nice. The pillows were awful - oddly shaped and flattens easily. For an overnight stay, this hotel is considerable. Not sure about longer stays.
So, I stayed here a total of one night. I'm glad it wasn't any longer. The only thing I liked about this hotel was that the staff was friendly and it had a great location. The hotel room itself was built for a man. I say this because i'm 5'5 but I just kept getting bruised on all the furniture. Also, the furniture was placed too high above the ground. The hotel was old so of course it gonna have old building issues. But the musty smell and bad air was not okay. Last thing I wanted to mention was breakfast, it was terrible. There weren't many options, nothing hot but a bad waffle. And everything else was gone or expired.
I have stayed several times at this hotel as I have family in the area and my daughter attends university nearby. This last stay will be the last stay.... Upon arrival, I turned down my bed to find the linens stained with blood. The front desk girl was trying to be accommodating and offered to get us more linens. Three tips back and forth to the linen closet and we still ended up with stained linens (see photos). I made the beds with just a sheet and did stay because it was late at night. Spoke to the manager the next morning and there was no resolution or apology. Hotel is in a nice location but you stay at a hotel to sleep and in order to do that comfortably, my expectation is that the linens are clean. I was nervous about what else was not kept clean.
