Service and Management 10/5
Deja , Miguel, Frank and the rest of the staff made our Thanksgiving very special and i truly appreciated their warmth and hospitality. We were treated like family and royalty all in one. 

Thanksgiving Buffet Food and Drinks 10/5
This review is based on my Thanksgiving  experience (yesterday) at Chez Colette. I should preface this review by saying the last time my family did Thanksgiving in a restaurant was in 1992. This year due to similar circumstances we chose to try it again and it was the most delicious Thanksgiving I've ever experienced! Way better than my family's cooking and we didn't have to clean-up! There were just six of us this year. We arrived a little before noon and started with some mixed drinks at the hotel bar next door to the restaurant. Then we walked next door to the restaurant a few minutes after they opened the doors. The first thing we saw were the desserts  which were delicious but not the highlight of the day. The highlight in my opinion is a tie between the turkey and the seafood/raw bar. Both were outstanding come to think of it, EVERYTHING was outstanding ! I loved the gravy, turkey, cranberry sauce, mashed sweet and white potatoes, two kinds of stuffing, the cheese bar, the bread bar I mean there was so much to try and everything was top notch quality! From a culinary perspective it was so much better than any other Thanksgiving meal I've ever experienced and way better than my own cooking and I'm considered a pretty good cook! 

There were tons of things I didn't try including the salmon, prime rib and the short ribs. I also didn't try the many salad options but I  did try some of the various fruit options just to accompany the cheese which was fantastic. I loved the Brie but didn't bother with the crab corn chowder or the charcuterie because I'm all about the classics. The only thing missing was the green bean and mushroom casserole which is one of my favorite thanksgiving dishes (I make it from scratch) however my cousin's Brussels sprouts (no lie they tasted almost exactly the same) were in attendance - not my fave but clearly I'm in the minority. My health conscious brother even indulged in the good stuff not just the healthy options. And my whole family spent a few hours in food bliss. Mine was immediately followed by regret because I ate way too much - probably three times what I could reasonably handle. It was so good that even the post meal discomfort  wouldn't deter me from going again next year. I should say I usually don't enjoy buffets but this one is the exception to the rule for sure!
Another great Thanksgiving buffet at Sofitel's Chez Colette. It was pretty much the same menu as in 2019 (the last time we celebrated Thanksgiving). This time we were just 2 but we had a ball. No cooking or cleaning just blissful enjoyment of the most amazing homage to Thanksgiving as only the French can do it! Highlights included the best sweet potatoes I've ever had as well as delicious, moist turkey - no need for gravy (at my cousin's place you need the gravy to compensate for the very dry turkey "jerky"). But have the gravy anyway just because it's delicious. I can't decide which dressing I loved more - the cornbread or the herb bread. You couldn't go wrong with either one. The roast prime rib was divine as were all of the accompaniments. The seafood bar was fresher than fresh and my sister loved the truffle Mac n cheese. I loved the grilled vegetables - I'd the asparagus and grilled onions. Sister dear loved the Brussels sprouts.we both loved the caramel apple pie with streusel topping and pumpkin torte. We also enjoyed the little caramel chocolate mousse "shots" and en the real Champagne was a nice touch. Staff were friendly and extremely busy. My sister said the fruit was sweet. I didn't want to overdo it like last time. So I only went to the buffet once and didn't look back at what I missed. There were a variety of cheeses, salads and fruit accompaniments. My sister said it was better than 2019. I think both years were amazing! No need to go back to cooking not as long as Chez C continues to serve Thanksgiving buffet oh and nothing was over salted and I wasn't thirsty afterwards so there was nothing added that shouldn't have been there - get my drift? It's $80/person with a complimentary glass of champagne. My one criticism - coffee was extra ($6) and it was not a fresh pot! I'll still go back next year for sure.
If you are looking for an excellent holiday buffet experience, this nicely run restaurant is a great choice.  The lovely wife and I enjoyed our Thanksgiving meal there yesterday and we had a fine time.  We expected that as this was our third visit here.

An OBSERVATION- This will be the 19th review for these folks. Of these 19, five are from Yelp Elites (including mine) and they are all 4 stars. There a few other reviews from much less experienced Yelpers that have lower ratings.  Take from that what you will.

So we made our reservation on OpenTable and were seated immediately.  Our waiter was Berkley and he was exceptional throughout or visit. He was the perfect level of attentiveness.  He served our drinks with class. He folded our napkins whenever we left the table. He ensured our plates were cleared efficiently.  Overall we felt well cared for.

This is a relatively large restaurant and the atmosphere is bright and airy.  Seating is comfortable. The walls are covered with French posters.  The background music was perfect. The noise level is average or even a little less.

Yesterday's buffet was $52.  This is typical for a high-end holiday buffet in Philadelphia.  For that price you should have substantial expectations and ours were met here.  We began with a delicious pumpkin, butternut squash bisque. Next we sampled from a nice selection of breads and cheeses.  There were several salads available including a wonderful spinach salad with Bosc pears. Entrees were plentiful for both the carnivore and seafood lover.  There was hand carved turkey with all the fixings.  There was a butter tender beef tenderloin.  Shrimp cocktails accompanied by bloody Mary shots.  Oysters on the half shell.  Two types of salmon and other assorted fish.  Of course you could choose from numerous veges.  There was a carrot dish that included orange, white and back varieties that was crazy good.  Assuming you had room there was a desert table with about a dozen items.  All the choices were cut into very small portions so you could do a sampler plate with ODing on sugar.

If your lifestyle includes this type of holiday meal, you should keep these folks in mind.
I took my 10 year old daughter for afternoon tea for my birthday. I had purchased an amazing deal through Travel Zoo. I've stayed at the Sofitel a couple of times for work, but the Chez Colette I believe was located upstairs while they were renovating a few years back. 

Chez Colette is a bright large restaurant inside the Sofitel. It was a slow afternoon and we had a reservation at 3pm. We were promptly seated and given the box of tea to choose from. I went with an early grey and my daughter went with someone more fruity. They also brought out my glass of champagne, the 10 year old abstained. Soon the tea was delivered along with the lemon curd and clotted cream. We sipped on our tea and enjoyed some mommy/daughter time. 

Quickly the food arrived. On the top were plain and cranberry scones, still warm. The 2nd plate had the petit sandwiches what were turkey, a smoked salmon wrap with herbed cream cheese and thinly sliced cucumber, and an egg salad. All were delightful. The bottom were what my daughter really loves, mini desserts. They were perfect and not overly sweet. The profiteroles were amazing. We had a lovely time.
Ellen - the lunch-time bartender (who also served our lovely lunch) is terrific and has been here for years.

I enjoyed the new "spa" menu - and had the $21 3 course lunch - a delightful tomato soup with ginger and lime, a small portion of artic char (like salmon) over beans and oven roasted tomatoes (super juicy and cooked perfectly) and a lo-cal mokha meringue with fruit compote.  (OK - not awesome).

A pleasure to dine in the BAR AREA.  Nice and quiet.
without a doubt - the absolute worst meal we've had in ages.

i just got back from there and had to vent right away. i will come back and explain in detail when i've calmed a little.

overall... crap. garbage. wedding food. there's nothing 'french' about this place. frites? please... they were nothing but burger king fries. 

anyone who liked this place should list all of the other places they like so we can avoid them.
Disappointing. Came here for breakfast expecting authentic french cuisine or something close to it.

Instead I got a "lobster" omelette that was actually just scrambled eggs in omelette form, with a tiny bit of lobster thrown in. When I say tiny, I mean you could fit it all in a thimble. Meanwhile, the gelatinous mountain of unflavored, poorly seasoned yellow fluff that they call 'eggs' tasted like it was from the same carton of eggs they used to make them in prison cafeterias.

The bread, usually the highlight of any french meal, was stale and boring.

The fruit parfait had cornflakes in it. In my opinion, the only thing corn flakes belong in is a bowl of corn flakes.

I expected more from this place that your typical breakfast buffet style meal. 

The whole experience lowers the brand of Sofitel. 

I won't be eating here again.
Just finished breakfast over there. I had the scrambled eggs in a puff pastry. It was excellent. One friend had the egg sandwich -- he said it was fantastic. And the French press coffee and fresh-squeezed OJ....excellent.

Breakfast is $15/person there. Not cheap, but a really great price/value.
Since the Sofitel is my favorite hotel in Philadelphia (and I've literally stayed everywhere: The Ritz, The Rittenhouse, Westin, etc), Chez Colette adds the cherry on top of the cake.  The dining room has quaint french posters, a super attentive staff, a fresh french press coffee pot as soon as you sit down, and great food.  You really can't go wrong for breakfast - french toast croque madam, eggs / potatoes / tomatoes with a croissant, scrambled eggs with dijon in a puff pastry, etc.
Food was delicious. I am French and this is French food by my standards. Staff is polite and pleasant wish it was a tad cheaper.
Dining room is large and comfortable, allowing  enough privacy so you don't have to feel that you are sitting with the guests next to you when you are not..
Let me make it clear that I am reviweing the restaurant in the BAR AREA at the Sofitel - but it is the same menu and same kitchen as Chez Colette.

Service here has always been great for us - we come for lunch and I usually get the Salmon over butternut squash risotto - which is a rich, delicious meal.

My friend usually will get a burger that is served with an enormous cone of thinly cut greasy fries.  (Yes - they are a little BKish.)

But the food was not crap when we went.  It was really good - and I had freshly squeezed OJ.

Eat in the bar - for the comfy couches and big tables and people watching.  The main restaurant (which I have never sat in) is usually dead empty.
On a whim, my boyfriend and I decided to stay at a hotel in the city... even though I lived 3-4 blocks away. I even did valet! Yeah, I DROVE to Sofitel because I was too lazy to walk a couple of blocks. 

This restaurant looked very fancy schmancy and was just about empty. My boyfriend had a mohawk and was wearing a t-shirt and shorts. I was wearing a shirt and jeans so we both were super casual. I guess they were slow enough to not care. Our server was very accommodating and gracious, so much that I felt foolish that we arrived in inappropriate attire. But whatever because we are giving them money.

He ordered the filet mignon and I ordered the salmon dish (or some other dish, but it was definitely fish). The dinner was tasty, the portions were small and the presentation was appealing. Of course the restaurant isn't so cheap but that's to be expected. 

Overall, it was a mediocre experience from about 2 years ago. I wasn't blown away by the food but I wasn't disappointed.
I was really excited to try out this cute place. It was the only place open in the morning so we marched in and got seated right away. The location is great and its walking distance to all the shopping in Philly. I got the eggs benedict and it was delicious. Our waitress was really attentive and we all really enjoyed our meal. I will go back!
I generally avoid hotel restaurants but I made an exception for Chez Colette, since Gayot gave it such a nice review.  We weren't even staying at the Sofitel, but popped in for dinner.  There were 3 other tables, so we had the dining room to ourselves.  That's usually a warning sign!   My hubby enjoyed his salad while I tucked into a wonderful vegetable/scallop tart- grilled sea scallops with soy & sesames, zucchini, tomatoes, onion, herbs on a flat dough.  Our entrees were good but it's that appetizer that sticks out in my mind.  We skipped dessert (no room) but spied a table nearby getting 4 different orders that looked good.
My favorite hotel breakfast. The weekend buffet is amazing and the service is always fantastic. I've also tried it during the week for ala cart and it was still superb.
Excellent breakfast.
The restaurant offer buffet style or a la carte breakfast. We selected a la carte breakfast. My husband ordered the blueberry pancakes, I ordered an omelet. Both dishes were nicely presented and very tasty. Waiting for breakfast we got warm croissant. Service was also great.
I was there not too long ago for a special event. 

One would think that if they were having a sold-out special event that could potentially introduce a large group of people to their establishment they would step up their game a little bit. 

It was a terrible experience. I don't think I'll ever go back. 

I waited for about 20 minutes for any service whatsoever. Finally being impatient, we asked someone if we could see a server. About 20 minutes later after checking in with this person a number of times we got a server and placed our order. And about 20 minutes after that we got our order.  And of course when I got my drink it wasn't exactly what I ordered. But it was close enough so I dealt with it. (I wasn't going to wait another 20 minutes to find a server and wait for another drink--the show would have been over). 

I had ordered a margherita pizza--which, by the way isn't really French. This was no margherita pizza It was the kind of doughy pizza with cheap cheese that you got at your elementary school cafeteria but with one little bit of basil on top. My friends "cheesesteak rolls"--also not French--tasted as though they were bought in a supermarket frozen food aisle. 

Well that very not French, not very good food gave us food poisoning. We were both sick for days--I fared much worse than she did. 

In addition to that we had requested separate checks from the very beginning which of course we didn't get and had to wait for them to re-do the check. 

And are they really trying to be French? The food wasn't very French and the servers (when we saw them--which was rarely) kept saying little French things like "merci" and "bon jeuer" but kind of half-assed the way that customer service people on the phone are forced to say things like "it is my pleasure to help you today."

I did go to the bar to get another drink because I certainly wasn't going to wait for the server. I paid in cash and was surprised to see they got my change out of a metal box behind the bar. No cash register. Is that how French people do it?

God, I hated this place.
Walked in their as a convenient place to eat from where we are staying. 

It was pretty quiet so service was good. Had a cool tasty Pinot Grigio while we chatted a bit. Got a few entrees - Rib eye and Filet Mignon - all done to order - along with a half roast chicken - a touch soaked in butter. All round pretty good.

The one caveat is - a couple sat at the table next to us - didnt order and walked out. We didnt pay too much attention at the time but we realised after that her bag had been interfered with - cards and money stolen. Not great considering the place was empty.
We had breakfast on a Sunday and it was excellent. Manager Sara and server JoAnn were the best. The height of customer service. Extremely friendly and professional. Anyone can serve eggs but good food, good people and customer service are hard to find
We came here for Thanksgiving dinner and it was wonderful. It was a buffet style so I was not sure what to expect, but honestly there was not one thing that wasn't good. Our server Joann was very attentive and pleasant. Immpecable service by everyone I encountered. We are looking forward to coming back after the holidays for dinner.
