Cramped, dated rooms with fluorescent lighting, uncomfortable beds, and very rude staff members. My room was around $120 per night and was shaped like a hallway. It felt similar to staying in a hostel. The bedding smelled like bleach. 

The worst part of this hotel though are the staff, who are not interested in helping you even with basic requests. The printers in their 'business center' were out of ink, so I asked the front desk employee if she could print my boarding pass. One piece of paper. "Kinkos is down the street". It was 11pm. "Are you sure they are open at this hour?" "Yup". They were closed. I returned to the hotel and once again asked if she could print my boarding pass for me. "No. You can only use the printers in the lobby." Okay, so I can only use the printers that do not have any ink. Invisible ink boarding pass.

The only good things about this hotel are the central location, (relatively) low prices, and free snacks in the lobby. I will definitely not stay here again. There are far nicer hotels for just slightly more money in this area of Philadelphia.
The very definition of a downtown hotel.

Lobby is kind of interesting,, you have to go up to the second floor and that's where they greet you, check you in and hand you your keys. May sure you pay attention to you surroundings because their lobby is one of the best I have ever seen. Its tastefully furnished and the skylight is definitely something of a conversational piece.

Rooms are city(ish) as well. It has a bed, a window, lights, a desk, swivel chair, night stand, a sitting chair and a closet. The bathroom is basic, stand up shower with curtains. Perfect for getting clean. There's also a toilet that flushes. A sink with a giant mirror complete with a faucet. What else do you need??

Look,, you're didn't come to downtown Philadelphia to stay in your room all day. You're here to go out, take in the sights, learn history, or in this case, go shopping. This has best in location and best in no gimmicks kind of stay. They even give you unlimited all you can water bottles at the hallways by the elevators.

I like it here. I don't care what anybody says. Thank you for reading my review, I hope this helps. Enjoy your awesome yelptastic day!
If o could give this place less than 1 star I would.
The room was horrible. The pull out sofa in the room looked like something that would be in a fraternity house - filthy and worn out.  Bathroom was not clean and towels smelled funny. There was a hole in the flat sheet on our bed and the TV did not work. When I went to complain at the front desk they seemed less than interested in my comments. The person wanted to know which complaint was most Important?! Ummm ALL.  Then on our way out we decided against my better judgment to eat breakfast at Davino, the restaurant in the hotel - walked in and it had an overall smell of urine! 
Then slow service .... for $179 a night I should have stayed at the holiday inn express or anywhere else!!!!
I actually quite enjoyed my stay at Club Quarters. For the convenience of the location, this was a great value. The cab ride to and from the airport came to about $35. 

The weekend we stayed there happened to be a street festival right on Chestnut in front of the hotel with live music, food vendors, etc. That just speaks to how much of a prime location this is. The walk to the convention center/reading terminal market for my conference was about 10-15 minutes. You could also walk to the Rocky steps in probably 20-25 minutes. There were many food and shopping options within blocks of the hotel. 

The checkin/checkout process was very easy as they have kiosks in the lobby, but the staff still walks you through the kiosk steps. The lobby area is fairly large with free wifi and desktop computers available for use. There is also complimentary water, coffee, and tea available 24/7. One thing I didn't like was that you had to take an elevator from the street level to the lobby and then from the lobby to your room. Their elevators were a bit slow at times. We looked for the stairs from street-lobby but never did find them. I wouldn't have minded walking that one flight of stairs. 

What is one thing you never get enough when you're on vacation? There are many answers to that question, but water is definitely on that list. I absolutely loved the idea of the refillable water bottles by the elevators of each floor. The chilled, purified water was definitely refreshing when you're walking around Philly on a hot and humid summer day!

Our room was a decent size. There was plenty of room near the bed. There is a desk as well as a night stand on each side of the bed so there were more than sufficient outlets for recharging. However, the closet and bathroom were a little cramped especially because the room door, bathroom door, and closet all directly opposed each other so you had to fully close one to get to the other. The bathroom oddly reminded me of a bathroom in a cruise ship. That's not really a good thing. So the room wasn't perfect, but at least it was clean and definitely livable for a few nights.

Each floor also had a supply 'closet' near the elevators that was stocked with extras for the room (bedding, towels, etc). You can grab what you need without having to wait for someone to bring it up to your room. 

If you're like me and need a hotel to sleep and shower, CQ does the job just fine.
I stayed in Philadelphia during the Global Pandemic part 2.

After a successful stay during Labor Day weekend, I  decided to stay in Philly for a second-weekend excursion. And while it was during a slightly more unpredictable time in a lot of ways, My Priceline skills also ensured that it was at a more centralized Rittenhouse Square location at an even cheaper price for a couple of days.

Had I had not found this hotel at a cheaper discounted price on Priceline, I probably would find myself giving Club Quarters a bit of a lower review. But there was a lot that I did appreciate about it overall, and I did see even more potential for it once we're moved as far away from these weird Covid-19 times as possible.

The hotel guaranteed a thorough cleaning between guests during these weird Covid-19 times. But I instantly found myself questioning that thorough cleaning as soon as I felt the wet spot on the carpet as a result of the used bag of ice that was left from the previous guest in the mini-fridge. I was also further skeeved out when my attempt to look out the one main window of my room directed me to the spotted lanternfly graveyard that was within the enclosed window space due to the partly open window behind the glass.  Ugh!

But once I cooled off and promptly closed the window blinds for the rest of my stay, I was able to take in the good of the space which actually proved to be an awful lot. Overall the room and bathroom were a hell of a lot smaller than a lot of the other ones that I've been in. I also would have liked a better spot to sit in than the bed or a wonky computer chair. But for the less than $100 a night that I paid off of Priceline for it that was still worth it, especially with the comfortable bed and TV that allowed me to set up my Netflx. Add in the very centralized location within the Rittenhouse Square portion of Philly and it was accessible to just about everything!

Covid-19 times mean that a lot of the viable hotel options were closed off. And this does mean a lot when their main restaurant is one that delivered one of my better birthday dinner options when they were open in Davio's (https://www.yelp.com/biz/davios-philadelphia-2). The main lobby chill space and other features that they also had within the hotel were also closed off for understandable reasons. But the location outside definitely beyond made up for those setbacks even during these weird times. And I definitely admired their commitment to making hand sanitizer readily available to every floor, and to also having a purified water refill station on every floor. The staff that I also encountered were beyond friendly, and I did appreciate their text check-in system even if I didn't use it as much as I probably should have.

Had I have not encountered that wet patch and lanternfly graveyard on the offset I would have rated my stay higher. But despite that, I did encounter enough things to consider another stay at Club Quarters for the right price. And beyond that, I did see enough things that would make that stay even better during post Covid-19 times!
It's ok...it's more of a two in a half stars but I went with two because I wasn't thrilled with my experience at check in. It's another hotel in a convenient location - Center City, but a bit smaller. You walk in through the main doors on the ground level, up an elevator to the front desk check-in area. There's a lounge area with a restaurant on your right which you have to pass by to get to the elevators up to your room.

When I was checking in, the two folks were nice enough but very distracted with ordering food. And instructions weren't clear about where to go for the rooms so I went the wrong way at first and when I turned back around, they gestured which way to go. They might have thought I was heading back outside maybe...whatever. 

Anyways, when I got off the elevator to my room floor, for some reason it just gave me an icky feeling. Idk...hallways were tight, the service elevator is with the regular elevators so I was waiting next to piles of laundry (unsure if dirty or clean) and other stuff...idk. It was just weird. 

The room I got was very small but pretty standard to some others I have stayed at and looked fairly clean. I say "look" because most hotel rooms probably aren't entirely clean (fair judgement considering the amount of different guests and their germs stay in their rooms). The bathroom wasn't the cleanest...I am one of those who check every crack and crevice when cleaning. There were definitely spots that weren't clean here. 

Anyways, like I said, it's ok. When I had to stay, the price was a bit lower than some of the other places I have stayed at which made it a cheap and convenient option. Would I stay here again? Sure, if I had to...would it ever be my first option? Probably not.
This place is in major need of renovation. Absolutely filthy rooms. My boyfriend and I showed up and left after we saw the condition of the rooms, we had to move to the Bellevue just because it was so uncomfortable there. Hair (pubes) on the pillows and sheets, the comforter was very rough, had lint balls all over it and and it stunk, so gross. Dust all over the tiny bathroom, worst experience in a hotel I've ever had. 

If you have any kind of standards, I would suggest definitely staying elsewhere.
Centrally located, great lobby, hostel type rooms.

Living in the city, I don't get to experience much in the way of a hotel stay.  The only occasion that affords me a peek into the hotels around here are when family and friends excitedly come to visit and I get a chance to see what some of these places are all about (considering we are short on hotels, you'd think most would be on their game) - 

We waited an eternity to check in, and almost as an afterthought we were given one of their last rooms because they had low inventory and it was a weekend.  Excuses are like a hospitality no-no, right? In any event, my sister-in-law had booked in advance, a superior suite, and boy, there was nothing superior about it.  Clearly, we were given the last room on the block on the floor off the lobby in a corridor that reeked of god-knows-what.  The room infinitely small, lacking in character with a bathroom that was smaller than what is found on most cruise ships. Obviously because of the location, there are no views to be had here, but the room itself is just downright depressing, crammed and cheap.  While getting ready in the room, we had a staff member, just help themselves into our room, unlocking their door, and entering as though no one had told any staff that this room had guests already in it? Strange. You don't pay $250+ for a room to feel like your security, safety and privacy is compromised. Budget as all get out for a not-so budget price.

Everything about my experience there and the experience for my family soured me immediately about this place, and I will never, ever recommend it as option.  Stay AWAY.
Do not confuse this Club Quarters with the ones in NY, the Philadelphia location standards are subpar.

I'm well aware all rooms are different sizes in each location, but this room is so tiny it doesn't even have room for a luggage rack... so good thing they didn't offer one in this room smh. BUT you NEED one because this room has no dresser/chest to place your clothes. Some hangers in closet, but how to hang panties?? And truthfully didn't need to hang the clothes I brought, could have left them folded and saved the step of hanging.

Wish I had taken pictures of the bathroom floor and vanity, both dirty. GROSS.
Went to shower, the 1 washcloth had long blonde hairS. GROSS.
The top bath towel was filthy, and no it's definitely not a stain, picture attached. GROSS. Luckily the 2nd was clean. 
On way out for the day I asked man at front desk to ensure ALL linens in bathroom were changed out, that they were dirty and I was skeeved out. He told me " make sure they are all on floor". Told him I was going to work and not going back up to the 11th floor to do something that should have never happened had they cleaned the room correctly. And of course they weren't all changed out, because the dirty one was exactly where I left it on shelf.

Restaurant, Davio's...upscale northern Italian. They must have been short staffed as the wait on a Monday was 15-20 mins for a table of 1 at 7:15pm with one side of room filled with empty tables. So I ordered it as room service. Food was decent, pricey for the mushy gnocchi and odd tasting buffalo rolls. The panna cotta dessert was worth the price.
But what was really odd...he delivered it with no covers, food was on a cart, all open and no tray. I didn't finish it all, left it in room as I thought it would be gross to put 3 uncovered food dishes in hallway on carpet, no tray all willy nilly. They need to take a page from room service at Loew's here in PH.

Dirty coffee station, picture attached. 
And I tried to take pic of carpet but stains didn't show, needs shampooing. 

If you like space in a room when you travel, a mini fridge and microwave don't book here. I come to PH 1-2 x per month for work, a week at a time, usually stay at Loew's or Hilton Garden.
Won't book here again.
ROACHES ROACHES ROACHES

I've stayed in countless hotels in countless cities all over the east coast. And I've never had roaches in my hotel room. Until this hotel in Philadelphia. All the hotel staff did was switch our room. No offer of free breakfast at the restaurant, or a partial refund on my stay. Not even to comp the $30 parking fee. The staff told me the hotel manager would reach out to me but no one ever did. Horribly unprofessional.
The pillows were tremendously uncomfortable and the bed sheets had someone else's hair all over it, but those were the least of my concerns after dealing with two roaches in the room.
Not the worst place I've stayed in, but far from the best.   I usually chose my hotels based on location, and this was in a very central part of Philly.  We actually walked almost everywhere from our hotel room.  Another great thing about this, they have filtered water and empty water bottles you can fill up and take with you to go.  That was something I thought was very unique and convenient.    The beds were comfy, the rooms were clean, and the staff was friendly. 

For the negatives, the elevators took forever!  There seems to be a little gathering of people there every time.  Also, when you walk in the first entrance, you have to take an elevator to get up to the main lobby.  I noticed several homeless and sketchy people hanging out in that first entrance which surprised me.  I thought the hotel would be more diligent about keeping the area clear.   Lastly, the hotel itself seemed really noisy and busy everywhere.  In our room we could hear people screaming and laughing and just had a "hostel" type vibe to it where people are just hanging out all over the place.   I'd recommend this place if location is your top priority.
One of the worst experiences staying in Philly. Our party of 6 got to the hotel at 4pm only to find out that our rooms were not ready (check out time is 11am). Apparently they were fully booked the previous night and some guests paid extra for a late checkout. Lame answer given the fact that we paid to stay here and not to wait for an extra hour in the lobby and delay plans for the rest of the evening.

The front desk staff were unapologetic and only made things worse by being rude about the situation. Perhaps they went to Drumpf School of hospitality and graduated with high honors judging by their general deportation. It's one thing to have a self-service policy to lower overheads and another to forget basics on how to treat clientele right.
This hotel has its pros and cons. Overall, it's a very solid 3 star hotel with some 4 star amenities. The location is very convenient with it being walking distance to most places. The entrance to the hotel was a little different as you have to catch the elevator to the 2nd floor which is their lobby. They have a restaurant built into their hotel, which is right next to the elevators to get to your rooms. Other amenities include a small gym on the 12th floor which I didn't get to use during my stay. No resort fees or any other hidden fees which is a plus.

Checking in was pretty painless, they need an ID and a credit card for deposit in case you leave damages to the room. My room was tucked away in a tiny hallway which was different. Luckily, we never ran into people in the neighboring room as there are two rooms facing each other in close quarters. They have a water station with a ton of empty water bottles which is nice.

The room itself is small, including the bathroom, but they are pretty nice. There's a fridge and microwave as well as a pretty spacious desk to do work. The bathroom is stocked up with all of the essentials that you need. The bed seems to be a full size rather than a queen size as advertised. We requested extra towels at one point where they were able to deliver them promptly.

For the price paid to book at this place, it is a very reasonable price. They also have a reward program and you can start redeeming your points as little as two stays. To qualify for the stay, you have to book directly on their website. I would not mind staying at CQ again in the future.
Don't stay here. And don't be fooled by the nicely appointed lobby.

I was given a room that was nothing more than a glorified dorm room. No mini-fridge, missing towels, and a toilet the type that would have been found in public restrooms 10 years ago-with a lid that didn't fully open because it was blocked by a countertop. The room was also clearly once part of a larger room that had been cheaply split. 
Safety is another huge problem. There are two elevators, but only one was working. It was a jumpy ride that often skipped floors. All of the guests I rode with had a difficult time with their swipe cards to get the elevator moving. Attendants had to come to make the elevator operational. They were obviously irritated by that - but that wasn't directed towards the guests. The attendants were gracious. It was evident that they were aggravated by the hotel's poor management. 

Soft drinks  & ice are only available on the twelfth floor. 

This is a place that takes advantage of its Center City location. You'd be better off staying in the dorms at Drexel. 

The only positive aspect of this place is the staff. They were unfailing helpful and hospitable. My single star rating is for them only. 

The $550 I paid for the room (2 nights during Marathon weekend) was money flushed down their shoddy toilet.
I stayed here at the weekend and I agree on most everything that has been said: decent value, small rooms and beds, and so on. I ordered a queen-size bed which is not their smallest room, and it was just enough room for a couple. The service was poor; although the front desk was friendly-enough, I had to call for a few things and was greeted with utter disdain, and then was told I had to get my own ironing board and iron from "guest request closets" which was just storage on the 12th floor. But overall, not bad for a nearly self-service hotel.
I had a weird experience checking into this hotel. When I arrived with my partner (we are two women), I began the checking- in process. He, (Michael) seemed to pull up my reservation. But then, I was asked how many beds we want, and I replied that I would like 1 queen bed (as indicated by the reservation I made for a room with one queen bed, and paid in full for). 

 I was told that there were absolutely no such rooms available, and that there was only a room with two beds. I almost considered it until I asked what size the beds are and he said they were twin beds. 

As a gay woman, I find it to be a sort of micro-aggression to be asked, as soon as I approach the desk with my partner and give my information, how many beds we would like, when my reservation clearly indicates my preference for one.

The reason this is off-putting to me is because I am certain that a male-female couple, checking into a non-refundable standard room with queen sized bed, would not have this sort of experience. I indicated what I wanted, and then had to endure him trying to arrange otherwise. 

When I told him I was confused as to why the room I booked was unavailable, (to the extent that the ONLY possible room available was a room with two twin beds) he told me that I had just been confused, and what he actually meant was that maybe the rooms that fit the description of my reservation didn't have towels. 

I have no idea what that means. 

I told him that I would like to wait for a room that fit the description of what I had selected and paid for- a standard room with a queen bed. I sat down and waited for about 15 seconds until the room suddenly was ready.

I won't be returning to this place, and I would discourage others from doing so.
I stayed in this hotel several times and never had a problem. However, over the weekend, I recommended this hotel to my aunt and mother who were visiting from Moscow, Russia. My mother speaks excellent (but accented) English, but the staff treated her and my aunt like second-class citizens. The staff was friendly and kind to the white, American guests, but incredibly rude and snippy towards POCs and foreigners. 

Upon arriving at 5pm, my mother was told that her room was not ready, even though check-in is at 3pm. After 15 minutes, they were given room 804. The toilet was clogged when they checked in. It took THREE (3) calls in as many hours to the front desk before someone came and plunged the toilet. 

The next day, after an afternoon out to Longwood Gardens, my mother and aunt came back to their room to find it had not been cleaned. The bed was made, but towels were left dirty on the bathroom floor, coffee and creamer was not restocked, bathroom sink was left dirty and the room wasn't vacuumed. 

When my mother called the front desk to complain, the young woman named Lisa explained that there was a "Do Not Disturb" sign on the door. How was the bed made, in that case? Does the housekeeping staff ignore DNDs? No, Lisa was simply lying. It took another few calls before a grumpy housekeeper came with fresh towels and didn't even take the dirty ones away. My mother had to go back downstairs to get k-cups, and Lisa gave her such attitude, it was as though her personal stash was being robbed. 

Overall, the hotel looks nice, and is in a fantastic location, but the staff is rude and racist. Therefore, I cannot recommend this hotel to anyone, because I cannot support xenophobic and racist establishments.
I stay here all the time, and they do have nicely appointed rooms. 

The pluses: 

1. Some rooms have a small fridge
2. Microwaves (but I never use them)
3. Free bottled water near the elevators
4. Free WiFi
5. Ipod/Ipad/Mobile Phone Charge Stations in the lobby near the computer area
6. Complimentary snacks and beverages in the lobby. 
7. Location! Location! Location! I love the location. It's in the middle of the shopping district, Rittenhouse Square,  Parkway Museum District/Logan Circle etc. everything is here. 
8. Courteous staff
9. Comfy beds
10. Free Yoga Mat rentals. 

The minuses: 

1. Small windows in the rooms. 
2. Poor lighting. 
3. Small Bathrooms
4. Small workout rooms, but since we have a company contract here. They give us complimentary entry at the Philadelphia Sports Club Gym. 

The positives outweighs the negatives. 4 lovely stars. ****
I really wanted to love this #hotel but it was just ah-ok.  

I arrived very early and was offered to upgrade my room to a suite for $25 per night as the standard room pre booked was not cleaned yet.  Not bad right but before he handed me the key, the suite was booked.  I was given a larger room not a suite for $15 per night.  Not a bad deal since I got 2 nights for $260ish including taxes. Great I had a conference call in 10 minutes so I took my key and ran. 

Ok it was a large room. Big bed. Small kitchenette - coffee maker, microwave, refrigerator and sink.  Pull out sofa which was well worn.  A dining table with 2 chairs and 1 office chair.  I didn't have a lot to time to think about it as I got on the call immediately. 

After the call I started notice a few issues: 
#1 - Since one wall of the room was the elevator shaft it was a noisy room.  Every time the elevator was used there a loud rumbling noise.  This went on all day/night.
#2 - TV did not have local stations.  I like the local news when traveling.  Engineering arrived to my room just to tell me they didn't know what the issue was. 
#3 -  There was someone else's dental floss on the floor of the bathroom.  I covered it up with a wet wipe and a towel. 
#4 - There was green crazy string on the wall in the corner by the closet.  I didn't notice it till the last night.
#5 - At checked out I explained my issues.  They said ok they'd look into it.  Personally I think they should've comped 1 night's up charge or offered a credit for my next visit. 

Sure I could've changed my room but I had too much booked in the city to worry about it.

The location is great; just across the street from the Liberty Mall.  It's very walk-able to other parts of Philly.  The lobby is set up like a living room.  Great place for staff #meetings or hanging out.  I didn't understand the breakfast area (I think it is free to member but not guests) but I was booked with my own #meetings (breakfast/lunch/dinner) I didn't need to know about it. 

If the price is right I'd stay again but I would inspect the room before unpacking.
I definitely recommend this hotel if your in Philadelphia.  The location is close to a lot of shopping areas and tourist attraction.  Also, the hotel is clean and the staff was nothing but helpful.  Not to mention that there is complimentary coffee, latte, cappuccino, espresso, and tea by the lobby.  The wifi is also free unlike other hotels were you have to pay for an hour of using the internet.  

Got a suite and I have no complaints with my room. It was clean and comfortable.  They also have clean empty water bottles (instead of cups) by the elevator and you can fill it with cold water. Just for that I would come back, because it is such a great idea and so convenient.  I love drinking water so having it so handy and FREE in the hotel is awesome.  

Also, they validate your parking ticket so instead of paying $36 it was reduced to $23.  I have nothing but good things to say about my stay in Club Quarters.
I agree with the other reviews on the pros...location, lobby, wifi. The water bottles are a nice touch although it does feel wasteful. The hotel did hold our bags for us since we arrived early. 

We stayed here for two nights. There were cheaper options for an average 170 a night.. You can Uber here from the airport for cheaper than a car rental and parking. But I am surprised there are not more reviews on the cleanliness of this hotel. I have stayed in everything from a motel 8 to a Four Seasons, and this hotel was the dirtiest, loudest, and smallest. It absolutely felt like a hostel. When we checked in, we had to ask for a new room. The rooms are arranged awkwardly, in a small hallway, with very thin walls. The windows line right to the street so prepare to hear a lot of noise from traffic and people walking. A group of teenagers were having a party next to us. Although the staff helped us, they seemed bothered by the request. The bathroom was old, small, and had hair all over the floor. So did the sheets. I wondered if they were cleaned from the last guest. The floor in the room had pepperoni on it when we arrived. The rooms were made up but we never received more towels. 

There are better options in the city. I would stay here again only if I absolutely had to.
This... hotel... SUCKS!!

Seriously, I was SO mad when I checked in.  I was so mad that I had to step back and ask myself if I was overreacting.

Okay, so they have these little kiosks that you can put your credit card in to and it gives you a slip that you take to the front desk so they can give you the keys to your room.  Kinda cool, I'll admit.  I opted to upgrade to a suite for $20.  The woman at the front desk was really nice, gave me our keys and we went up to the "Executive Suite".  When we walked in to the room, we were COMPLETELY underwhelmed...  especially since we just left a much nicer hotel and booked this one on a whim.  There was a little kitchenette area and a really small bathroom that kind of reminded me of Europe.

The room was reeeeeally small and dingy for it to have been an "Executive Suite".  It was just... BAD!!  I dropped something on the floor and when Ashlei bent down to retrieve it, she found instead, an old pair of dirty, BLOODY stockings... WTF?!  Trick gone wrong?  Rough sexcapade?  Like, WTH happened?  The sink in the kitchenette was clogged and the water wouldn't go down.  We flipped the switch to the garbage disposal thinking that would fix the problem... nope!  Not at all.  We opened the cabinets below the sink and there was an old, dried up sponge and a quarter of a bottle of dish detergent.  I mean, REALLY?!  They couldn't even replace the sponge?  WHO wants to wash their dishes with a random sponge that's been under the sink for GOD knows how long? UGH!!

They claimed to have "refreshments" from 5pm until 8pm...  We went downstairs and was redirected back to the empty counter that we walked past when we got off the elevator.  The ONLY refreshments available were a large container of banana chips, wasabi peas, plain m&m's and sunflower seeds...  the same "refreshments" that were there during "breakfast".  REALLY?!

Like I said, I was SO disappointed in this hotel and I will NEVER... EVER, EVER, EVER return!  I booked this hotel using Priceline's Express Deals, so I didn't know what hotel it was until after I booked it.  It claimed to be 3.5 stars, so I thought I would be golden, ESPECIALLY with the suite upgrade...  not the case. UGH!!
Good deal for the price, if the price is 89$ or thereabouts. Small rooms, though ours fit us just fine. Service is a bit DIY, but they help when they can. The printer is ancient and I had to shake the toner - just like at home! 

Great location, free wifi, and the lounges are actually useful, in some circumstances. I'd recommend it to a friend, but not an uptight friend travelling for business.
My boyfriend booked this hotel through Travelocity's secret hotel. We weren't initially thrilled when it gave us Club Quarters, but we figured it couldn't be that bad. WELL, we stayed there this past weekend for St. Patricks day, and we definitely wouldn't stay at another Club Quarters again. 

The staff was very unfriendly and not helpful at all. Before arriving, we called to get the address of the parking garage - the lady who answered didn't even know the address but could give us general directions. Once we got into the hotel, we weren't greeted once and were only asked what we needed. The girl at the front desk accidentally ripped a piece of paper and literally said "oh shit" right in front of us. It was overall a very unprofessional and careless staff.

To top it off, we arrived to our room to find about 15 bags of dirty laundry all over the floor, blocking the entrance to our room. We literally had to kick and step over them to get inside. THEN, the next morning we left to explore the city all day. We came back around 6 PM and our room wasn't even cleaned! I called, waited 40 minutes and still nothing. We were so over this place by this point that we left and prayed it would be clean by the time we came back.

Although the location is great, and I must admit that they have great pillows, I would NOT recommend this hotel at all. Pay a little more and stay somewhere where the staff actually cares about its guests and is mindful of what customer service actually is.
After reading everyone else's reviews on this place, I'm not sure why this has such a bad rep. I stayed here for one night with my friend to go to a concert and I liked it. Yeah it could use some improvement, but it wasn't terrible!

Club Quarters is smack-dab in the middle of Chestnut Street and it's surrounded by parks, restaurants, shops, and more. When you first get into the hotel, you have to take an elevator from the street level into the lobby which I think is a little posh, y'know? Get into the lobby and it looks relatively clean and modern. The staff there were very friendly to us and helpful. ALSO if you parked at one of the garages, give your ticket to the staff and they will give you a discount (trust me, you'll need it).

The room itself wasn't bad! Posh, modern, trendy. I will say that they were pretty small, especially considering that there was 2 people staying in my room (myself and my friend). The bed could've been a bit comfier, but in my defense, when you spend the night getting drunk at a couple bars, anything feels comfortable to you SO AT THE TIME they felt nice. When I woke up, not so much. Oh and to people who read my reviews, if I seem like a lush because I always cite my intoxication in each one, it's because I am. Whoops. I'm in college, I'm allowed.

There was free WiFi, a free Keurig machine in the room with pods, complimentary snacks and coffee in the lobby, and there's free chilled purified water on each floor. Not too shabby right? The bathroom was cute as well. Small, but very effective! 

Yes the place isn't a Hilton, but it's not a Motel 6. Honestly, it's not too terrible and remember, there's always worse places out there. Like I wouldn't say I'm head-over-heels in love with Club Quarters, but it's not the worst place I've been and honestly, there may be a chance I would stay there again.
I had a tough time rating Club Quarters because the staff was exceptional.  Every person I encountered was so helpful, and overall the place is pretty nice, and has a lot of wonderful features like the complimentary business areas and bottles of refillable water.  But I just couldn't get a good sleep here, and really that's what a hotel experience boils down to.  

We stayed on the 7th floor, yet could still hear every little thing that was happening down on the street.  Not just loud music from clubs, but conversations between people, cars driving by, horns honking.  I realize that this is life in a city, but really there might as well have been a screen instead of a window.  While a hotel can't control the surrounding area, they can control whether or not to use double-paned glass.  I've stayed in a lot of hotels in a lot of cities, but this was the noisiest room I've ever been in.  It also didn't help that the sheets felt like crumpled up copy paper.  So stiff I thought I was gonna get a paper cut.

I would rate my experience as 2 stars, but overall rating will be a 3 since the staff was so friendly and they have a few nice amenities.  The rooms are pretty small, and obviously geared towards a business traveler so this might not be the best place for a family.  If you're a heavy sleeper and have no issues with outside noise, then you'll be fine.  But if you're a light sleeper and like to go to bed before 2am, you may want to look elsewhere.
This hotel is not bad for the price - $80 something for one night.

We were on the 18th floor - floor right below the penthouse.  The room was fairly small and the bathroom is tiny.  We had no windows to look out of, instead we had windows on the ceiling where we could see the top of the comcast glass building.  They do have complimentary laundry (as in a washer and dryer), printing and internet use, gym use and bottled water that you have to fill yourself.  The staff is helpful. The location is good though - right by the shops, restaurants, bars and close to public transportation.  

If you're looking for a simple, no frills place just to sleep and shower - this is your place, don't expect luxury.
Knock Knock...whose there? 
Oh hey it's me, Mr. Bedbug, you wanna hang out?  just seeing how things are going in your hostel, I mean hotel. 
Positive: Gym does the job, based downtown, Rite Aid based next door (see below for explanation). Great lobby music, makes you want to Salsa, staff nice but lost when it comes to the nightmare that lies in the floors above. If you manage a hotel and only stay on the main floor, are you managing a hotel or the lobby. My bet is the manager has never set foot on the elevator, which takes you upstairs to the horrendous area they call "guest suites".  Free "filtered" water, otherwise known as recycled toilet juice (see below)
Negative: BYOB (Bring your own Blankets), that's right blankets must be brought to this establishment. To keep yourself warm at night requires warm drinks or a fellow companion. Thankfully the temperature outside was 80 degrees, no blankets/no problem. I thought I would check out the air conditioner. Sleeping in full clothes afraid of touching the sheets/pillow, I had to turn the air on. At 245 AM I woke up with a nightmare, what I had thought was a cargo plane crashing down, the bed shaking, the room booming, coming to my senses I thought I was on a 747 that was about to go down. Food Delivery for breakfast, lunch and dinner!:   Room Service food left in hallway for over 16 hours (to me was great, gave the rodents other things to snack on as I cover myself in bug spray praying it holds off the critters (purchased at Rite Aid see above)). If you order room service, and you leave the food outside your door, shouldn't you clean it up in 28 hours? PUKE! The food said good morning to me as I walked by it after basking in the hallway heat lamps for 28 hours. I thought how nice! But then came to my senses as the chicken started to slowly creep towards the elevator to escape the germ invested hallway they call the entry to my "suite". Yes a suite, a place to relax and sleep not stare at the wall counting down the hours I escape the germ invested room they call a hotel

Free purified water in new "reusable" water bottles. If pink lipstick is on the bottles is it new? Herpes is one thing I escaped ever getting and Ill be damned if a hotel water bottle is the final culprit. 

Full disclosure no bedbugs were found, however leaving food in a hallway is probably a warm welcome to insects that my wife would not enjoy me bringing home. 

Rating scale out of 5
Location: 3.8
Cleanliness: .7
Staff: 4
Lobby: 2.8
Room: -3.5

It's all fun and games till you leave with new pets. This hotel should change its name from Club Quarters to Quarter Club where a quarter gets you a suite where the microwave has radiation and hot water is only for premium members. I highly recommend staying at the Hyatt next door for an extra 100 dollars or sleep on the streets where your chances of infections are similar to sleeping on the polluted mattress they call a hotel.
Stayed last night. At check in the elevators were broken and fire alarms had gone off so the front desk was extremely delayed. Waiting to get upstairs made us miss plans with family and we were only in town for one night. 

The bed had a disgusting, strong smelling, wet stain (smelled like beef jerky). When we called for new sheet and comforter we were given a new sheet and told to change it ourselves and use the blanket in the closet because they don't have extra comforters. 

The shower had soap used by previous people and wasn't cleaned. 

When we told the front desk at check out we were told he would have to "check with housekeeping". No real apology or offer to refund anything. 

Definitely will not be staying here again.
we'll never stay there again. first of all, we made the mistake of reserving of reserving through Hotels.com--lesson learned there! review for them next....

ok, so first of all, you have to park at the mall across the street and PAY $20. it's really swell walking across a busy city street with hands filled with suitcases, said no one ever...

we got checked into the room--which was about the same dimensions as... um... oh that prison cell Steve McQueen stayed in for the movie "The Great Escape", while being less comfortable--smelled as if a Trauma Scene service just left a violent crime scene after scrubbing the place to remove the scent of the body, which--hey i get it--no one likes the smell of a dead body. (this is a METAPHOR, Club Quarters, so relax)

BUT, no likes the smell of cleaning chemicals either. ESPECIALLY my wife who almost had to use the bathroom in the room to throw up...

OH BUT WAIT! the bathroom was locked for some idiotic reason!

needless to say, we got the hell out of Dodge (stayed in the building for a total of 25 minutes), but they refused to refund us our money, despite their lackluster attempt to make things right.

i recommend staying anywhere else than Club Quarters Philadelphia, minus on the street... ok well, MAYBE.
I have stayed at Club Quarters twice and have enjoyed my stay very much. I was extremely skeptical at first because the price of the hotel was relatively cheap in comparison to other hotels in Center City. The major downside to the location is that it is SO in the mix of everything that there is NO parking or even standing in the front of the hotel to get your luggage out. The parking is across the street in the mall and you only get a 30% discount with a hotel stay (you pay about $30 overnight). As others have mentioned, it is such an amazing location for shopping, food and bar hopping! So although you are paying for a lot for your car, you can walk to awesome places all nearby.

The rooms and whole hotel is very modern and chic. I love the lobby, with a big open space area to read or wait if you get there early for check in. They also have free snacks, coffee and free water bottles on every floor. The room situation is tight in comparison to other hotels I've stayed in, but comes with coffee maker and toiletries. They do have bigger rooms, we got one for a bachelorette party with a full kitchen, microwave and dining room table - perfect for pregaming.

The customer service has always been great, once they didn't have our room available and instead upgraded us. I have never experienced noise issues dispite being in the heart of the city. I would definitely recommend staying here in your future trips to Philly. Plus you are RIGHT by federal donuts....come on.
This hotel is pretty much self service. Checking in is through a kiosk machine in the lobby, however there are staff there to help if needed. There is comfortable seating in the lobby and also areas for you to use your laptop or read a book. Before you get to the elevator there's a free self serve coffee, tea and a purified water bar. They also have their own private dining on the first floor. I didn't get the chance to dine there but I would love to the next time I stay at the hotel. Going up to the hotel room you need your room key to operate the elevator. I think it's a good idea for security reasons. The room is not very spacious but it was a good size for just me and my boyfriend. I called for housekeeping twice and both times it took a long time for them to show up with some toiletries. Going in and out of the hotel was such a hassle when having to wait for the elevator. I didn't like having to take the elevator from the first floor to the lobby since it was only a couple steps away I would love to be able to take the steps up but it was blocked off. 

Overall I really like this hotel and the location that it's in. It's in the middle of everything. There are so many restaurants, shopping and tourist attractions within walking distance. I will definitely stay at this hotel again the next time I visit.
This hotel is dated, run down, moldy and dirty.  My tiny room was half the size of a bad dorm room with a ridiculously high ceiling, ductwork view and little floor space. There was no luggage rack or other place for my suitcase. The carpet is stained and smelly. The bed was extremely hard.  I spotted a dead cockroach near the bed headboard. Needless to say, I did not use the in room coffee maker. Overall, a horrible hotel in a good location in need of total renovation.
So where to start...
We booked a room for Tuesday night last minute since we had to get down to Philly for my sons procedure at the Children's Hospital. Check in is normally 3:00 PM or later. We called and let them know we would be in sometime around 8 or so. We arrived around 8:30 and told they didn't have a room for us or the computers were down and asked us to have a seat in the lobby with about 8 other people waiting.... it should only be about 5-10 minutes to resolve the issue and get us in our room (which we prepaid for). We waited for about an hour and our 11 month old (who was at this point hours past his normal bed time), needed to be changed. When asked about a bathroom we were sent to the steakhouse attached (Davios) who didn't have a place to change our son. So we asked if there was a place that would recommend or if we should just change him on the lobby floor. We were brought to an unoccupied room and allowed to change him there, then return to wait for our room. Finally around 1015/1030 we got a room and told the crib/pack and play we requested would be up in 10 minutes. Well, a couple phone calls later and 11:30pm no pack and play/no crib and we had to be up and out around 5:00am. So we dealt with a cranky baby in the middle of the bed with us, not a lot of sleep happens there.
The next morning I got up to take a shower and turned the water onto what I thought was the warm setting (in the middle of hot and cold), well it was freezing. so I turned it up to what I assumed would be scolding hot, it was not quite freezing. so got to enjoy that shower, but it did wake me up, so I guess there is that.
No crib, no room for 2 hours, no hot water, no apology. No Thanks. 
What a horrible experience in an already stressful time.
I don't know why the average review for this hotel is so low!  My mom and I stayed in three different hotels during our week-long stay in Philadelphia, and this was definitely the best!  

I should start off by saying the building is old and has a "vintage" feel to it.  By "vintage", I don't mean old or run-down, more like a throwback to the 20s and 30s.  

The amenities of this hotel were by far its most outstanding quality.  You can become a member of the Club Quarters if you travel often in major cities and receive discounted rates.  However, even if you're not a member, you can still benefit from the great member deals, you just pay a slightly higher room rate.  

Awesome points:
-Cable (not just 5 channels)
-Free WiFi in room
-Computers in lobby 
-Free printing in lobby
-Kiosk check-in (avoid line at desk)
-Restaurant (very beautiful old ballroom)
-Medium-ish rooms (not the most spacious, but that's OK)
-Water Station (fill an empty bottle on your floor and have water to-go)
 -Great area of town (right on Chestnut, just walk east to the Old Town)
-Restaurants and shopping right outside

I loved this hotel.  Honestly, if I ever find myself in Philly again, I will make it a point to stay here.
Booked 3 rooms for 2 nights for work colleagues that were coming to town. There was a snowstorm forecasted the first night they were to arrive so I called booking.com to cancel the first night and keep the second. They informed me they were non-refundable so they changed the check in to the following day. 2 weeks later, we were charged $60/room for a "no show fee" even though we paid for 2 nights (only stayed one) and showed up. 

Called customer service and after being hung up on, on hold, and transferred several times they have still not refunded the 3 "no show fees". 

Terrible hotel, terrible service, and honestly really shady policies overall.
I'm having trouble rating this hotel... because for a clean hotel, $99/night on 16th and Chestnut can't be beat.  However I did have a traumatic experience at the hotel restaurant (more on that later) so I feel the need to rate it lower.  Still, I will pretend I didn't go, even though I will tell you what happened.  It's a good hotel besides that negative experience.

The rooms are small.  Good for one or two people on a short stay.  I had no problem with any noise.  I was on the 4th floor and I don't think there was hardly anyone else on our floor.  Maybe it would have been different if I was there on a busy day.

They have a self check-in, which is nice, unless you get behind a gray hair that doesn't know how to work the machine.  The bottles of water on each floor is also handy because you can take a water to go with you.

As for the restaurant, it was snowing out and we didn't want to venture out on the slippery streets.  We went to the restaurant for the $10 continental breakfast.  First off, the food had bugs flying all around it!!!!  I went over to the bagels and croissants that were covered up, and took a croissant.  There was something scary inside of it!  I literally dropped it on my plate and was afraid to eat it.  And they had dirty plates on the buffet line.  It was just terrible.  The bugs most of all.

If you don't go to the restaurant you will probably find this hotel suitable for a quick stay in Philadelphia.  I would suggest it to anyone staying in the city on a budget.
Stayed here on the spur of the moment and found a little gem in the Rittenhouse Square area.

I love the necessary key card to access the elevator system for security. 

The lobby has a lovely library feel to it and the free access to three  computers in the library/lobby is really very comfortable while listening to the plasma, almost feels like one's den.

My room was a standard room with a full/queen bed. The wall colors were in the golden tones with medium brown wood high headboards and desk area. Really nice . The room was very cozy and didn't feel small. It had a nice sized modern desk, small plasma, nice linens, surprisingly nice mattress and nice lighting throughout the room.

Personally I loved the feel of it for just me.
If I were to come back with the male animal I 'm sure we would need to get a slightly larger room.

They have a lovely Italian restaurant named Davios with a nice big bar  that at the end of the day makes life easier and more fun because of a certain bartender named Chuck !

I'm definitely returning again.
The ONLY good thing about this hotel is the location since its central, steps away from shopping retailers and within walking distance to some main attractions. It most certainly stops there though. Yes they take your temperature before check-in due to the pandemic going on and it's a nice, reassuring measure, but I'm sure many hotels are doing the same. However, my best friend and I checked in after the Thanksgiving holiday and the hotel truly lacked the holiday spirit. I'm so used to hotels such as the Marriott and Holiday Inn having Christmas decorations in the main lobby of the hotel during this time of the year. This hotel had NOTHING displayed to help lift the holiday spirit. Not even a wreath. I mean they couldn't go to a Family Dollar or Dollar Tree to get decent decorations without breaking the bank??? YIKES! 

From looking at the pictures on their website they make it seem like all rooms come equipped with a microwave and mini fridge. So deceiving! We checked into our rooms and neither one had either. I called reception and the staff member stated that only a select few rooms come with a microwave and fridge. So basically if you don't inquire about this you'll never know. Wow! He was nice enough to change our rooms to ones that had both (no extra charge) and although the microwaves in both rooms were fine the mini fridges were a disaster. They were beat down and barely cold inside (with no way of adjusting the temp). It took an entire day to cool my bottle of water and bottles of champagne. Comically, the rooms came equipped with fancy Keurigs. I mean if you're not going to invest in buying a bunch of inexpensive mini fridges in bulk for the rooms then just do away with the option altogether. The rooms came with no ice bucket so when I called reception I was told to retrieve one from down there. I go down to reception and I'm given a paper bucket with a plastic bag. I've never seen this in a hotel in my life! Once the ice starts to melt I can see this paper bucket being a mess. Not to mention, the only ice machine in the hotel is located on the 12th floor. REALLY??? I'm so used to hotels with ice machines having them located either on every floor or every other floor. Long story short, I never used the paper bucket or the ice machine during my stay. The room and bathroom appeared to be clean but the floor had dreary looking carpet on the floor. I absolutely hate carpet on hotel room floors especially. It just seems so unsanitary to me. 

I will NOT be staying here again!
Timeframe: Three Nights

Price: About 250 per night. 

Hotel: Hotel is in a great area, right across from the liberty mall, restaurants and shops. Also it is only 2 blocks from the train station. 

Room: The room was very small. I'm talking about New York city small. The shower was smaller than most of the showers I've had from other New York hotels. There is no way you can have more than on person in the shower. I stayed at the Warwick a few blocks away and it was a mansion compared to this hotel... Also I stayed at the penthouse unit which was essentially the very same unit from all floors below. 

Noise: I stayed at the penthouse floor so not much street noise.

Views: From the top floor you really dont have much of a view. You can only see the mall across the street. This building is only about 13 stories tall so you wont see the city scape.

Security: You do need an access card to use the elevators. At 6AM in the morning I woke up to an alarm telling everyone to not enter the elevators or use the stairs... essentially telling everyone to stay in their rooms for their safety... Now this alarm went on for a good 10+ minutes. When I inquired about the issue they said it was a 'false alarm'.... if there was a murderer in the building or if there was a safety issue I would like to know! 

Linens: The linens were fine. 

Elevator: Elevators was fast. There are two elevators.

Bathroom: The shower was tiny! the smallest shower I have ever had at any hotel! Plus they do not restock your shampoo, conditioners, soaps and lotions everyday like most hotels.

Overview: If you can get a decent price you should stay here. It really doesnt matter which floor you are on because there isnt much of a view. I've stayed a way nigher hotels for cheaper prices in Philly so I would look around first at other hotels before booking.
This hotel was in a decent location, central to everything you might want to do. Be warned that hotels.com lists them as having parking, when it's really just a public garage across the street, under a mall, that they will validate for 40% off. Upon arrival, my boyfriend and I were greeted with a cold welcome from the front desk lady who quickly checked us in. While she did ask us to "pardon" all the used mattresses and box springs, it was hard to not notice them piled against walls, and blocking hallways. The fun part was when we got into the elevator with two other guests and rode up and down from the lobby to the penthouse about 4 times. Only 2 of the 4 keys in the elevator actually worked to activate then buttons, which we later found out. When some members of the staff entered, they pretty much ignored us when we asked for help--as if we were just there for the entertainment of it all. When we finally got to our room, we were able to get the door to open about 75% of the width of it, due to the excessively large door jam placed in order to keep the regular-sized door from swinging too far into the minuscule hallway. After squeezing around what seemed to be a maze of doors and protruding handles, we made it to the small bed area, to find our comforter covered in who-knows-what--not to distract from the scuffs and scratches on the wall, the sticky residue left all over one of the tables, or the holes in the sheets. The bathroom was small too, of course--so small the toilet didn't even have a tank. It felt like using a public restroom. The shower was about 2 feet deep, and tapered off on the side, so my boyfriend couldn't actually shower his entire body in one go. Also, make sure to ask for extra towels/washcloths/pillows, as we received enough for one person, even though we had booked for two. Some positive points--there were snacks and drinks stocked in the lobby at all times, and there were chilled water fountains on each floor with complimentary bottles to fill. There is also an overpriced steakhouse attached to the hotel, should you get hungry, however we didn't try it. Also, the woman who checked us out was very polite and helpful, so not all the staff is hurried and cold. The entire time we were there (one night's stay) I just kept telling myself that we would be leaving soon. Overall an okay place to stay, and if you don't mind feeling like you've slept in other peoples' bodily fluids worth the discounted price.
Not the place to go if you're looking for luxury...beds, room and bathroom are all on the small side, but you can't beat the weekend rates, the easy-to-use and free wifi, the free printing and the great Philly location.  This was definitely the best rate to be had when comparing nearby hotels for a conference stay.  On the down side: our room was a bit musty smelling and the window can't be opened ("for our safety"), walls are kind of thin, and for some reason a wake up call that we ordered never came through.  Also, the card swipe system in the elevator was not reliable (often had to go to the front desk to get the card reset).  But compared to paying at least twice as much at a fancier place, these are small concerns.
The hotel itself is fine, convenient location. It also has a very nice lobby, coffee and water stations with plastic bottles provided for you. The room was pretty no-nonsense with a smaller bathroom, but it was still nice. Elevators were slow. 

If you request a king or Queen bed, be forewarned that it will be two twins pushed together. Weird.

The reason I am giving a poorer review is because of the staff, who did not make me feel very confident in my stay. When I arrived to check in, the man asked for my credit card to check me in (he was behind the front desk). He then proceeded to WALK AWAY from this desk into an open, non-secure area and started using random computer kiosks. I was not given an explanation. He then stared at me, while I had no idea while he was walking away with my credit card. That is apparently how they check you in. The guy gave me no explanation of what was included in my hotel stay, but the people checking in next to me got a full explanation. Not equal service there. 

When I checked out, the same thing happened. The lady took my card, walked away without an explanation and used the computers. This was NOT secure, no explanation, and what is the point of this hotel staff if I apparently can just check myself in on these computers? 

When I checked out, I left my baggage for a few extra hours. When the staff were told we would like to check our bags, the response was "oh goodness." Well THAT gives me a ton of confidence that my bags are going to be secure and retrievable on the other end... It was just a very strange, sub-par experience.
If you are looking for a place in the heart of Philadelphia, within walking distance of all the tourist places, friendly staff, and wallet friendly this is the place to go. After having two airBNB hosts cancel on me, I decided it was worth the extra few dollars to have the guarantee of a room.
Maybe I just lucked out having the manager to check me in, but she allowed me to check in early without a fee (check in was at 3pm and my flight arrived at 8am). She also let me extend my stay until 3pm (checkout is at noon) because my flight out wasn't until 8pm. This place has a good gym, clean rooms, and comfortable beds. Definitely coming back.
Nothing bad, nothing great.  I guess you could call Club Quarters Philadelphia "no frills" even though there are some "frills" that made my stay here over the 4th of July weekend with my best friend a good one. 

We used Priceline to book our two nights and we ended up paying around $250 total for for a big bed in a tiny room.  The structure of the hotel is a bit awkward.  For the sake of security, you enter on the street level using your key at night (the door is unlocked during the day), take an elevator to the lobby and then proceed to another elevator where you use your key to allow access to your floor.  Practices like this are common in downtown hotels that I have been to, but it became an annoyance at times when the key did not activate the elevator and signage upon arrival lacked and we did not know what to do.

The location is central to much of downtown so we were able to walk everywhere and get back to the hotel without worrying about transportation, time, or safety.  We were near a lot of things or able to get to our destinations with ease. 

The rooms stem off of the hallway into smaller corridors.  As mentioned earlier, rooms are small but if you intend for the hotel to be used mainly for sleeping, showering, and storing your things then there is ample room. 

As for the bathroom, we had a stand-in shower and there were two mirrors in the bathroom but none outside which was a minor inconvenience.  Shower caps were not included among the toiletries so we had to call for them; staff brought them up promptly.  Whenever water ran, it was LOUD.  Plumbing was definitely showing its age, not only in our room but others as well.  

Extra amenities such as the free water bottles and purified water stations next to the elevators were the highlight of the entire stay.  It was insanely hot the weekend I was there and this alone saved me a ton of money in bottled water as well as the environment from the waste from all of the bottles.  I hope to see this novel idea implemented in other hotels someday because it truly made my whole trip.  (Free coffee in the morning too!)

Staff was friendly and helpful during automated check out and any other interaction.  

Overall, a pleasant stay but if you're willing to shell out the cash I know there are softer beds, bigger rooms, and better bathrooms out there.  But are there water stations?  That is the question.
Perfect location and room for a weekend getaway.  I booked via booking.com and paid $140 a night with fees for a weekend in the summer.  I did not drive into the city, but took the PATCO, super easy since the hotel is 2 blocks or so away from the 15/16 stop.
The room was great, super comfy bed, ultra cool AC, great shower.  The tv is programmed to connect to all devices so casting is no problem.  We took full advantage of the chilled filtered water station in the hallway near our room, and got to enjoy a complimentary glass of wine at 5pm in the lobby.  Water pressure was great, plenty of hot water in the shower, and we didn't hear any other guest noise with the rare exception of a muted door shutting.
The location of the hotel is perfect!  Seriously you are a block away from any level or type of dining or drinking options. 
We will be back.
I stayed one night here on a business trip, and I'd prefer to stay elsewhere next time.  Let's get to it-- 

Pros:
-amazing location, central and close to everything you could want or need
-fantastic front desk staff, polite and on-top-of-it
-water bottle filling station on every floor, why doesn't every hotel do this?!
-lots of USB and power plugs in the room

Cons:
-I wondered if I was up to date on my tetanus shots while in the shower
-decided standing on top of handtowel in the shower was close enough to wearing flipflops
-noticing the lotion bottle has been used and is dirty on the side not facing me, and then starting to question every mark on all surfaces within the room
-the physical impact of registering the smell coming from the plant in the hotel lobby as urine

Other:
-price was okay
-some of the rooms are tiny and there is no way to take a photo of tiny from within tiny
-sure, the elevator is old and slow
-the feeling of marvel being crushed when realizing the TV apps include YouTube and then realizing there's no way to scroll
This was one of the best hotels I've stayed in for a while. 

Booked this last minute for a one night stay with my husband
We got a great deal! 
When we arrived in the hotel there was someone there to greet us and walked us their digital check in. 
When we were through checking in another person asked if we needed any info,  places to eat, things to do , or a map of the city.  . . .  They were verrry helpful!

So we go up to the room and while I could see if you were staying with someone you weren't close with that the room would seem a little small but it was great for me and my husband.  In fact I loved the room! It was updated and clean and well cared for.

The lighting in the room was great too and it was amazing that they had even extra lighted makeup mirrors in the bathroom! 

They also had a nice strip of extra outlets including USB plug right on the might stand and on the desk! thought this was great that I didnt have to go hunting for the plug. 

They also include the wifi which was pretty decent speed! 

They also had free!! Water bottles and purified water spouts that you can refill anything container ! Really great and huge plus for me as I'm used to spending 3 bucks a bottle! 

The location is also very convenient and a close walk to most things we needed to get to. 
They also had a deal with the parking garage across the street which was great!  
I could write forever about how great this hotel is! I can't wait to back !
Location, location, location.  That's mostly what I can say for the Club Quarters Philadelphia.  I was in town one night for a work trip and this was the hotel booked for me due to close proximity to meeting space and dinner nearby.

Lobby was nicely appointed and there's a Davio's inside the hotel.  I didn't have the chance to eat there, but I'm a Davio's fan in general when it comes to high-end chain Northern Italian food.

The room was nice but TINY.  We're talking dorm room small.  Club Quarters?  More like Close Quarters.  I had everything I needed, but it legitimately would have been too cramped for two people.  This room was booked on my behalf, so I have no idea how much it cost.  The elevators were also some of the slowest I've ever encountered.

Yes, Club Quarters was nice, but I need more space even when traveling.  When and if I ever find myself again needing a place to stay in the city of Brotherly Love, this probably wouldn't be it.  Nice and new is great, but space is mandatory.
We just spent three nights at Club QUARTERS IN Philadelphia. We cut our stay short when we discovered we both had bed bug bites. When we told the manager(John) he said "people from other countries bring them in". He said they used special bug-sniffing dogs to identify rooms with the problem. I noticed we weren't the first people to have this complaint, which is a serious health hazard. And $200+ per night for this!
Disgusting.
Arrived late (checked in 8pm). Room wasn't ready. Staff was super nice. Woke up in am to find my shower full of women's hair (i am a bald male, see photos). Also no towels. Like zero, not a one. FAIL.
Such a pain to get through to traffic. Parking was also a pain. We found parking not too far away and it turns out that this hotel is affiliated with them so instead of paying $44 a night, the hotel stay will get you $38 night. The lobby was very nice. The staff is also very kind. Now, on to the room - It was small. It also smelled like someone cooked fish in it. The room was clean, just didn't have a pleasant smell. 

Now, on to the positives. They have Davio's Italian restaurant, A standard Keurig coffee maker in the hotel room, free coffee in the lobby, a fitness center and free launderette.
This hotel has terrible showers. Small and bad water pressure. I judge hotels based solely on the quality of their showers.
This is my second time staying here. The rooms are cozy. Yes they are on the small side but not uncomfortable. I love the location, so easy to get around. Plus there are tons of shops and food options near by. The lack of outlets by the bed side is the most annoying part of this hotel for me.

Plus: Great location, comfy beds, and complementary chilled filtered water!

Cons: Small bathroom, weird elevator system, no outlets by the bed (behind the head board).
Front desk staff: not knowledgeable, rude, placed on hold for 15 min to check a simple room inquiry

Room: rooms are very small, no shampoo in the bathroom, hallway was dirty with dust bunnies and small pieces of paper, there is a communal ironing board that you have to fetch near the elevators (pretty ghetto) 

Overall, not a good experience. I will not be staying here again.
Very mediocre experience.

From a location perspective, this place is decent.  It's located right in Center City, which makes it ideal for business travelers who are in town.  Its proximity to shops and restaurants is also another plus.  

But the living experience is a whole different matter.  The rooms are small, and many of them have equally small windows - making the rooms poorly lit and creating a somewhat drab ambiance.  The bed was comfortable so at least the sleep is decent.  They also offer free purified water that you can fill in bottles that they provide, which is a plus.

My biggest complaint was the fact that the hot water here was inconsistent at best.  One morning I had no hot water whatsoever.  Others in my group who stayed at the hotel also experienced the same problem.  When I complained to the lobby - I was told there was no hot water issue and that they would send someone to investigate.  However, at least 10 people in my group of business travelers all complained about the same issue among each other, so it was clear this issue wasn't an isolated problem.

The next morning I also experienced the same hot water issue, though instead of cold water, I was able to sneak in a quick lukewarm shower.  Not a great way to get started on a cold morning.

Personally, the next time I'm in town, I will stay at the nearby Westin, which is just a block away and provided me with a much better experience in the past.
Dirty, overpriced, stayed for 3 nights and the bedsheet they changed was dirty SMH. I payed 230 a night, will never stay here again!
Arrived late Thursday 2/2/17 expecting a cute boutique experience like the one I had in NYC. Not the case. First room was dusty, second room I found a half drank jug of chocolate milk left behind the curtain on the windowsill. Third room had black mold in the shower. At that point I left. Maybe get here early, call ahead to let them know if you require help hauling equipment, luggage, that you want a high floor - basically don't give your room away to a college couple looking to crash / get cozy

The receptionist was nice, professional and the lobby spacious. I like the high ceilings and the halogen bulbs in the bathrooms and would be open to try again. Didn't want to be particular but I was traveling for business and I have a dust allergy.
First off, this is based on an overnight stay experience. The entrance has a piercing beeping alarm that sounds like a fire alarm greeting you enter. It remained that way all morning and the following. The lobby is deceptive. It's nicely updated, modern, clean, with sparkling water and coffee/tea available. That's where the greatness of this hotel ends. From the beginning, we realized that desk staff is scruff or indifferent to any kind of customer service. The room was musty and stuffy, not fresh feeling whatsoever. We had one of those dreaded windowless coffin rooms, which means we had skylights instead of wall windows. For me, that wouldn't be so terrible if both skylights opened but only one end worked. We paid for lopsided sky. We noticed the pillows are quite soft and realized in my chronic pain and my company's fatigue that we needed extra pillow support. After asking front desk staff if they had firm pillows available, we were spoken down to, "Well, did you check the guest closet?!" which meant to end that conversation. As adults and customers we shouldn't feel belittled for asking a question. We did in fact, check the guest closet and realized we wished we hadn't. We found there were pillows but not fresh clean ones, but ones with hair follicles on them. And dust. We did not use them. Our room alarm clocks did not work, the towels weren't fresh (more hair particles), and the sheets/linens had pen ink stains on them. After we realized there was no refrigerator in our room, a selective amenity afforded arbitrarily to guests, we realized (in better times and experiences at this hotel) in the past we could request a refrigerator. This time, with a new front desk staff we made this request downstairs in person and were met with indifference. "No we don't do that. You can put your things in our staff fridge," was a gross resolution and who wants to go all the way downstairs to the lobby to request your cold leftovers, snacks, or beverages? Overall, front desk staff does very little to meet the customer satisfaction, moreover needs. This feels like a hotel that gives lackluster service at best. For this price point, clean linens, a refrigerator, working electronics, and kind customer service aren't outlandish asks but base value hotel protocol. I give 2 stars for the water and sparkling water available, a sleek well designed lobby, and downtown location. I do not recommend staying here as there are far better hotels in this price range and location and likely with far more knowledgeable and approachable customer service.
CQ hotel is a good hotel with great location. The manager (John) is a great guy. He's super sweet and will do anything in his power to resolve your situation. But Milton the front desk agent has some serious attitude problems. He's rude unhelpful and acts like he hates he's job. He should quit.
Located within walking distance of EVERYTHING -
my stay was amazing!
The Customer service was refreshing.
The hotel itself was also very clean and affordable which is harder and harder to come by now a days. Will be staying here again my next visit to Philly!
Biggest advice I can give is to not have any expectations for a hotel that is $99 a night.

I've stayed at the CQ in NYC before and loved it. However, I did not have the same experience in Phila.  

Pros: No beg bugs. Clean sheets and comfy bed. Free chilled purified water (but bring your own eco bottle b/c their bottles taste like the gross plastic they are made of) (ps they should provide recyclable containers in the hallway for all these bottles). Kiosk check in easy. Quiet room on 7th floor facing the alley.

Cons: Cant order coffee in the morning. No room service. TV in an awkward place. Shower smelled moldy. Front desk staff surly and rude! 

This is my biggest gripe. I called an hour before arriving asking where the discounted parking is located. I got a 5 minute rigmarole that left me still wondering where I should park.  In case you need to know the parking is between Chestnut and Market under Liberty Place. Don't put your credit card in. Instead, get the ticket option. Take your ticket to the front desk of the hotel for validation. They will stamp it. On your last day when you exit the garage, put the ticket in the machine, pay for it and exit the garage. That is the only way you will get the discount, which is about $11 off the daily rate.
We booked this as a mystery hotel deal from Expedia.  After the hotel name was revealed, I started reading reviews and began wondering if I had made a mistake.  Thankfully, I was very pleasantly surprised.  

Our room was very clean and fresh.  The hotel was bright, well-lit, well decorated.  The bathroom was small, but our room was a very nice, normal sized hotel room with high ceilings.  There were refillable bottles we could use to get chilled, filtered water; and in the lobby throughout the day they had various snacks (banana chips, nuts, Nutrigrain bars, apples, etc.), plus a fancy latte/coffee machine, and free cans of soda.  I would definitely book this hotel again!

One more thing, the CQ also had this funny kiosk for checking in and checking out.  The staff were there and assisted us with checking in/out, so it wasn't like we were left to figure it out ourselves.  The staff was very helpful and held our bags for us the whole day while we ran errands before our late departure.
Club Quarters cares more about $100 than they do their guests lives. Hurricane Irene is on the way, I have had to cancel my trip to Philadelphia, and they would not refund any of my reservation!!! Two guest services managers have given me the same BS. They say that their corporate office says that no refunds are offered unless meeting the standard time frame. STANDARD??!! You know what isn't STANDARD? A goddamned category 3 hurricane!! I live in Baltimore and visit Philadelphia often, so club quarters can keep their hundred dollars this time, they won't be getting any more from me ever in the future. Do yourself a favor, don't book with this hotel if you're planning on having a hurricane come through.
If I could give a negative rating for this hotel I would.  This was absolutely the worst experience staying at this hotel. I was in town for the Army vs Navy Game 12/7 to 12/9.  I had a party of 6 all with a military discount.  First off, there was zero hot water in the morning either day because the building so old and broken down that it can't handle the number of people staying there.  Rooms were tiny and uncomfortable, and all in all the amenities and decor looked like it was from a third world country.

At the time for checkout, everyone physically went down to check out of the hotel vice doing the mobile checkout.  Our military rate was $185 a night, however, one room was charged over $900 for their room, another room was charged $807, and the last room was charged over $807 for their stay.  After multiple phone calls, the charges still aren't correct.  I have been waiting for a manager to call me back since calling them last week and have yet to speak to one nor can you get a hold of manager when you call the office.

This is the most piss poor ran hotel, it should be changed to a Motel 6 at least they would leave the lights on for you.
Sorry, but this is *not* a boutique hotel. The prices are boutique, but the hotel is very basic. Rooms are small and cramped, access is fairly inconvenient (it's a very old building, so you have to take an elevator up one floor to get to the lobby, then a separate elevator to your room. The stairwell goes out to the back alley and isn't a good option). There are very few amenities. 

My problem was that several front desk staff members were *particularly* rude to me, although others were perfectly nice and helpful. But the two who were rude were very rude and offensive. The place is clearly short-staffed. There's no one to help answer basic questions.

The hotel really promotes its app. So, since I wasn't getting help, I downloaded the app and tried to set it up. None of the staff seemed to understand how it worked or what it did. It was very confusing, no one could really help me, and I never used it. 

My price for a single was 235/night. In Los Angeles, where I live, that's a W hotel price, where you would feel very fancy. For this CQ, I felt ripped off. I'd have to recommend you consider other options for a hotel in this area.
I have stayed here 3 times in the last month, each visit for 4 nights and have enjoyed my stay! 
The staff is friendly and the hotel is clean, you can't beat the location!  
Don't book this hotel on their website as the rates on Expedia and hotels.com are way cheaper!
Booked this hotel for 2 nights.  Great location,spacious room but that's where my accolades end.

We indicated in our reservation there were 3 of us staying.  There was only one set of towels.  No extra pillows or blanket for our son.  Toilet paper almost out.  Also, when we entered the room, we saw a large indent on our bed, like someone sat there before we got in.  Cleaning left much to be desired.  

Their "free" breakfast consisted of tasteless coffee and stale muffins.  

I'll stick to airbnb next time in Philly.
This is a nice hotel located right in the heart of Center City.   We stayed in the executive suit on the 11th floor - I forget which room number that is (I think #1119) and you will soon see why I am telling you the room number.

Pros:
-coffee/espresso/late/cappuccino maachine in lobby that is surprisingly amazing
-spacious executive sweet
-bathrooms are with generous towles
-fluffy pillows
-microwave and mini fridge with plates 
-flat screen TV
-gym on the 12th floor
-hotel door locks after a certain
-comfortable couch (non pull out)
-pull-out couch

Cons:
-flat screen TV quality is kinda crappy
-executive room 1119 is right under the gym so you can hear people running on the treadmills
I stayed over a weekend, 4 nights at this CQ. I had previously stayed for a business trip, and didn't have complaints so tried an extended stay. To summarize:

Pros: 
-location (close to Rittenhouse Square, and several grocers, stores and restaurants.
-room (my standard room on an upper floor had nice skylights, was modern and spacious; the sink, fridge and microwave (as well as laundry facilities) helped for extended stays)
-perks (free water/drinks/snacks in the lobby - biscotti and nuts; lobby newspapers, a decent hotel gym)
-price (competitive for the location)

Cons:
-AC (like many hotels, it makes some noise when it goes on, so this could bother lite-sleepers)
-elevators (while I didn't experience very slow elevators - never more than a minute, it is a bit of a hassle to wait for an elevator to get to the main lobby from the entrance, I assume there is a good reason why they block off the single flight of stairs next to the elevators (though I am curious).
-lighting/electronics (a minor issue, but the desk light only turned on if the room lights were also on, and the TV did flicker black ever minute or so - I didn't watch TV enough to care).

Mixed:
-staff (easy and quick check-in, though they didn't seem very knowledgable about SEPTA/transit, and they only offer a half-hour later room check-out without incurring a $50 fee, this despite it being a weekday...)

Personally, the pros outweighed the cons. I'd decide based on what amenities are important to you.
if i could give this 0 stars, i would. first off, i paid $42
to park for less than 24 hrs. the hallways are tight along with having to take 2 elevators just to get to my room is a little much. unfortunately, the rooms are even worse though... made me feel super claustrophobic due to it being very small & the bathroom felt like i was stuck in a tight box with barley any space to move. charging ports didn't work and the tv/remote barley worked. the room wasn't the cleanest which is alarming considering the times we're in with the pandemic/covid. but the worst part of the experience for us was:
***THE FALSE ADVERTISING ABOUT THEIR KING SIZED BEDS***

i booked a room for what i thought was a king size mattress. little did i know, A KING SIZE BED TO THEM IS LITERALLY 2 SMALL MATTRESSES PUT TOGETHER TO CREATE THE ILLUSION OF A KING MATTRESS. not only was it difficult and uncomfortable to sleep on, you have this giant gap in the middle that they tried to hide with this long skinny thin low quality pad that kept falling in between the 2 mattresses put together. DO NOT ADVERTISE YOU HAVE KING SIZE BEDS IF YOU'RE GOING TO JUST SMUSH TOGETHER 2 SMALL MATTRESSES TOGETHER. when i checked out and told them about the the situation they informed me that all their "king sized beds" were like that. will definitely never be staying here again... just unacceptable & very disappointing all together.

ABSOLUTELY WOULD NOT RECOMMEND 0/5.
The worst. I would give it a 0 if I could. Smallest room with broken beds. No room service the second day. Clean up crew came in the the door without knocking on our last day. One of us just came out of the shower semi- naked, and we were horrified. This was 40 minutes before check out time. When we called the concierge, the lady picked up the phone with an 'I dont care attitude' no apologies, just connected us to housekeeping manager, who blamed it on the concierge who told them that our room was already checked out. Theres never been any type of apologies from the hotel. Its the worst.
Our room smelled of heavy bleach when we entered. It was so bad we had to open the window and it was freezing outside! So we cranked up the heat (this works well haha). The room was very small and the bed only had two small pillows. There is a coffee machine in the lobby (makes lattes, coffee, cappuccinos) which was very nice. They validate your parking if you park across the street at Liberty parking lot, so it comes out to $32 instead of the $48. Good central location in Center City. Wouldn't stay here again voluntarily.
Not as bad as some of the ratings on here. 
I was here for 2 days for a podcast conference. The room was clean, the bed was comfortable, and the complimentary snacks & coffee in the lobby were fantastic. The coffee maker in my room did not work, but luckily it was easy enough to just go downstairs for coffee in the morning. The Staff was super friendly, and approachable. No major issues, not sure what all the negativity is about, but i'd recommend this place.
You get a pretty good deal for the price at this location.When we first arrived we had an issue with the bathroom but they quickly moved us to a different (nicer!) room shortly after checking in. The entrance to the hotel is a little strange. You take an elevator to the main lobby and then walk through the reception area to a second elevator to the rest of the hotel. The rooms are decent and have all of the standard amenities. I like the water bottle stations and the provided refillable water bottles. There's a nice small gym on the 12th floor. The snacks, coffee, and water station in the reception are nice. Overall we had a nice stay at this CQ!
I spent three nights at the Club Quarters in Philadelphia while in town for a conference. My room wasn't ready when I arrived in the late afternoon, so I was offered an upgraded room at no extra charge. My room had high ceilings, lots of room to stretch out, and a great view of the city. I slept peacefully and soundly for most of my stay, enjoyed working out in the fitness center, and availed myself of the filtered water dispensers on each floor.

My only complaints about my stay were the construction noise that woke me early on my final morning, and the buggy card readers on the elevator. I often had to forcefully insert my card multiple times before it was read, which sometimes meant that I missed my floor as the elevator started moving before I could push a button.

Other than these minor annoyances, I was a very happy guest, and would definitely stay at this hotel for future business travel.
My bf and I decided to go away for the weekend so considering philly is close by (from nyc) we decided to take the trip. We end up finding a parking right in front of the hotel which was great, however, $36 later we find out that it wasn't as great. As we go to check-in there is no formal greeting. The services offered by the hotel are not discussed with us and it's a very dry welcoming. 

We ask the person behind the desk about the parking and she seems clueless, she doesn't give us any details, but just keeps saying that we shouldn't park in the front because we will definitely get a ticket. Later, we find via Google and through reading signs that you can park there but there is a limit and from 10 pm to 6 am it is free. She obviously had no clue.

 We go to our room and it's a small box, no window and it's an ice box. We ask for our room to be changed with a window,  our room is changed, but she finds it necessary to tell us that the view will just be buildings--but she doesn't care to mention at all that the prior room had no windows at all. The same girl provides us with the wrong direction of where the new room is located and we end up in circles until finally finding the room. Once, we are there, the room is as cold as siberia. we call the front desk and they tell us that because it is a larger room it will take about 40 minutes for the room to warm up (we are in January,  like hello) we end up leaving for 2 hours and we arrive back it is just starting to warm up. 

To make matters worse the hot water has to run for at least 20 minutes before it is actually hot.  The next day we are back in siberia,  only this time I can't take it more. I confront the desk again and we get our room changed.  Our final and  last room  has a window, hot water and the heat works. I guess we had to move a few times to get it right. I definitely do not recommend this hotel. 

I will mention a few good things:
free water bottles and purified water
nice lobby
location is great 
free wifi
Rude front desk people. Not even a 4 star hotel. And no hotel parking lot! The worst. Do not stay here. It's a rip-off.
Eh. I was aggravated almost immediately when I arrived. First off you have to pull over in a bus lane to unload your luggage. No one available to help you with your bags. Believe me, I am not one to need someone to carry my bags for me but when you have to upload your bags while your car is sitting in a bus lane then have to use an elevator just to get to the lobby, I feel it is ridiculous. On top of that, you have to self park your car around the block. Once again, I am not one to need a valet but when there are signs stating to not leave your car unattended, how is one supposed to unload their bags, check in to the hotel, park your car around the block and then walk back to lug your bags up another elevator. Yeah. Another elevator. The elevators are also so slow one had to wonder if they are hand operated. The front desk staff is also very unhelpful. I needed a taxi to go to dinner and the woman told me to walk to the corner after I asked her to call a taxi. Really!?!?! There is no hotel bar after 9 o'clock. Really!?!?!? I felt as if I walked into the hotel and was left on my own. Not what I am looking for in a hotel. The rooms are very small and I expected that from a "boutique" hotel. 

Now for the good things from this hotel (there are some redeeming factors). There is complementary sparkling water, soda, coffee, espresso machine, snacks and iPads in the lobby. You can't keep the iPads but are free to use them (hahaha). FREE WIFI!!!!!!!  I cannot put into words how much I hate when hotels charge you for a signal. There are guest request closets on each floor. Amazing idea. There are extra pillows, blankets, coffee creamers and k-cups for the Keurig in your room. Each floor also has cold filtered water machines with disposable plastic bottles to use.they have a fitness room that I didn't use as I burned thousands of calories walking around in 100 degree temperatures. The hotel is also located in a very nice area. Anything that you need is within walking distance. 

All in all, there are a few redeeming qualities at this hotel but the unhelpful staff, lack of parking and help with your bags as soon as you arrive was enough to leave a sour taste in your mouth. Stay somewhere else.
Nothing fancy about the club quarters (except davios). The rooms are small and some smell. The bathrooms in the rooms are tiny. Showers are small as well. 
I've stayed here 3 times now (thank you business trips). The hotel is just meh. The staff is wicked friendly and apparently stanley from the office works there too.
work out room is small.
no pool.
davio's happy our is excellent.
location is EXCELLENT. a mile in either direction will put you at some awesome bars and restaurants. Little Pete's down the road delivers 24/7 and is AWESOME after you get fucked up on perks and beer. dont get the cheesecake though. 
would I stay here if I brought the bride? No.
Would I bring a chick back after a night of drinking. Yup
Room was ok. Th windows were small, they didn't replace the shampoo/conditioner or the coffee pods for the in-room keurig. 

I was very displeased that the front desk didn't say anything to guests using e-cigarettes in the lobby, even after several complaints. I am astonished the front desk was willing to put their guests', employees', and even their own health at risk by allowing someone to smoke in the lobby.

The kicker? I (and many other guests) were there for a cancer research conference.
For one thing the lobby of club quarters hides ALL of it's flaws. The moody bitchy concierge. The small rooms with tiny bathrooms. And! tiny hallways. We stayed in one of the rooms behind the customer service desk behind the door that says EXIT. (Yes! there are actual rooms there.)

It's very convenient in location and for what we paid we also got a kitchenette, which came in handy, and a window! (not like another yelper). It was comfortable for the 3 nights we stayed.

Overall: It's appeal is something like 5 stars but the customer service is more like a quality inn. No bueno.
Stayed for two nights (Thu/Fri) in March for $320 (total). Though it was somewhat low on frills, it was also low in price, and in a great location. I would stay here again.

If you park in the mall garage across the street, the hotel will validate your parking, which saves about $13/day.

You need to take two elevators to get to your room -- one from the ground floor to the lobby (2nd floor) and another to your room -- which some might find annoying. That said, the lobby is nice, including an area with free snacks (e.g., trail mix, dried fruit), coffee, and soda. We didn't have much interaction with the staff aside from checking in and out, but they seemed friendly enough. 

Every floor has a bottled water station and a supply closet where guests can find extra pillows, blankets, coffee, etc. This is a good idea in theory, but we had to visit several floors before we found a blanket, so I'm not sure how frequently they check these.

Our room felt like a cabin on a cruise ship, insofar as it was small but had all of the essentials (bed, TV, desk, and small closet). The bathroom had a small shower and a sink with little counter space, but it was clean and adequate. The WiFi was free and worked well, and the TV had a built-in Chromecast to allow for casting apps (e.g., Hulu, Youtube), which was a nice perk.

The location is great. Tons of shopping, bars, and restaurants in very close walking distance. It's about a five minute walk to City Hall and public transportation.
This place is great. I was in town because my boyfriend had an overnight for work. My flight got in about five hours before his so I had time to kill. I took an uber from airport to the hotel. Easy and fairly cheap. 

I went to front desk and explained my bf was checking in later so I just needed to drop my bags to go see city. He works for an airline and some places have been a little rude to me for only requesting this. I never ask to get into his room before he is there, only to drop my bags. But the Club Quarters employees were so so friendly about it. They even asked his flight number and name to make sure they had my bags in the right place. 

I went out, explored (there are a million things nearby especially if you like art or Rocky or awesome views from a tall building), then came back to meet bf when his car was dropping him off. 

The front desk was so nice again and told me that my bags weren't right there but they had probably been sent to the room. We went up to the room and within ten seconds of walking in, someone was knocking on the door with my bags. 

They also have a nice lobby area if you're hanging out killing time like I did for a bit that afternoon and the next morning. Within walking distance for me was Reading Terminal Market (I love eating) and the observatory (can't remember exact name but it's like half a block away - basically across the street really). After bf got there we then walked all over the place and ended up in an Uber to Eastern State Penitentiary - GO TO THIS!! 

It's a really great hotel. It's clean, rooms are nice, but the best part to me was the service. The employees there were just beyond friendly and helpful when they really didn't need to be since I wasn't even technically their guest.
Decently priced, well-located, friendly staff.  Not ritzy or anything, but I didn't have any problems with noise or cleanliness.  The water dispenser in the hallways with free bottles was a nice amenity.

The biggest problem was the elevator situation though.  There was only one working at the time (I hope this has been fixed by now), and it took forever to catch it in the morning and evening.  

I live in Philly now so I don't think I'll need to come back here for a while, but I'd definitely recommend it to visiting friends (if for some reason I can't fit them into my place that is).
I stayed here on my first visit to Philadelphia for a business trip. The central location is perfect for exploring the city on foot.

As mentioned in other reviews, the rooms at CQ are very clean and functional, but a bit barebones compared to the typical hotel chains. What they lack in facilities, however, they make up for in service: the staff is great; the lobby is well-appointed with snacks, drinks, and seating; and filtered water is available on every floor.

Other reviewers mentioned that renovations are ongoing. I'm not sure if my room had already been renovated, but the countertop in the (small) bathroom weirdly extends over the toilet, which prevents the toilet bowl cover from staying up. Annoying. Hopefully they'll fix that.

Overall, I would recommend CQ if you're a person of simple needs. If you're looking for something swanky, look elsewhere.
Definitely NOT a 4 Star Hotel. Rooms are tinier than any I have stayed in, poorly laid out and just uncomfortable. Bathroom looks like a prison bathroom or a dorm room. And you need to take several elevators to get anywhere. There are some nice touches and courteous staff but not sufficient to reach any semblance of luxury. Cramped, tired, and somewhat depressing.
The incompetent worker made the wrong dates on the reservation and then tried to charge and additional one hundred dollars to change the date.  Our room was not cleaned for two whole days and the cleaner lied about a 'privacy' sign on the door.
Miss Sarit and I stayed here for one weeknight while I was in Phila on business. It was covered by my corporate office, but it rang somewhere in the 150$/night range I believe. 

The check-in / check-out process could not have been faster - indeed they pride themselves on it according to some of their literature available in the club room. Located in the center of the city, the location is very convenient for shopping, eating, and touring. I think there is a subway stop nearby although we did not utilize it. 
The hotel validates / provides a discount for parking at the lot on 16th x Chesnut, so overnight 4pm - 8:30am was only 23$ which is a steal (especially coming from NYC.)

Once you walk in, they have the stairwell blocked off so you must take an elevator up a weird little half-floor. I would rather take the stairs as on occasion it could take a minute or two. After that bit of awkwardness there is the aforementioned speedy check-in followed by the club room / social room. There are comfortable chairs and couches along with a VERY nice coffee / espresso machine. They were out of / do not provide hot chocolate, although it does lattes with steamed milk, espresso, coffee, and more freshly grinding beans each time, each cup.
There are also two taps: One for chilled purified water (they provide reusable bottles) and chilled sparkling water! Very nice touch - I had never seen this before at a hotel. Along with a round-the-clock assortment of treats like biscotti, shelled sunflower seeds, cookies, and sodas. 

The room itself was a bit small but comfortable and has central air. I wanted to take the bed and pillows home with me they were so comfortable! As another reviewer mentioned: There are no outlets by the bed which is a bit annoying, but not a deal-killer. 

No continental breakfast provided, though there is a tiny discount applied at the classy restaurant / steakhouse attached to the lobby.

Overall I'd stay here again, and considering it was free for me - I got my money's worth!
If you don't mind being cramped in a small area and care more about the convience of location, this hotel would be ok for you. My boyfriend and I brought our car here and realized we had no privelage of taking it in and out (they don't have their own parking lot so you need to walk a little). No one greeted us as we walked in and you need to take an elevator to go to the lobby. The receptionist named Daniel didn't even look us in the eye when we went up the desk. He simply asked, "what's your last name?" I didn't felt welcomed at all. We then needed to take another elevator to go up to our room and the hallway smelled funky. I guess this is what I get for booking a hotel very last minute..
Club Quarters is an amazing value.  My parents stayed here over Thanksgiving weekend and were impressed.  The rates can't be beat (as low as $85 on hotels.com) and the accommodations are very pleasant.  Bottled water available on every floor for free, nice gym, beds with nice linens, free Internet/computer usage in the lobby.  Be sure to request a room with a view at check-in to avoid a room with a curtain over the wall as a faux-window.
While I was interviewing for a job in Philly got a good deal here through Orbitz.

Before I begin...I'm not a fussy traveler, so I don't expect mint on the pillow...now the pros/cons:
-Check-in was fast and efficient
-Within stumbling distance of great nightlife (which is why I stayed there!)
-Rooms were small but clean and quiet; some strange touches made for a low-housekeeping footprint, like self-serve water bottles in the hallway (felt like a gerbil filling up some times)
-Room had great connectivity for laptops; Wi-Fi w/ lots of desk & I could plug my laptop up to flat-panel TV w/ease
-Lobby seemed to have enough basics for folks w/o laptops & reading material
-Parking across the street under the mall @ Liberty
The rooms are of average size and yes there are no frills here but who lives in their room?

The staff is very attentive and even looks for deals when searching for extra items that I needed. The location is one of the best in the city!
Arguably the worst customer service I have ever seen. The so-called "Manager" was rude and unaccommodating when we found out we could not check in at 3pm. When we asked why, we were not given an answer. We asked for another room of which we were told were also not ready. We had an event to go to so check in at the advertised time was crucial. Needless to say, we were late to our event at the Union League. I will never stay at another club quarters or any affiliated hotel chain again.
I typically stay at the Sheraton Philadelphia, but I had to stay at the Club Quarters one week. After my experience, I will never stay at the Club Quarters again. The location is great since it is right in the middle of the city, but the rooms are terrible. First of all, there's hardly any space to move around. Second, the comforters are disgusting. I'm just glad there weren't bed bugs. Third, the bathrooms are small and not very clean. 

There's zero sense of respect for customers. I called the hotel to make some adjustments to my reservation, but I received rude and useless service. Pathetic place.  

Overall, Horrible rooms. Horrible service. Horrible hotel. Do not stay here.
The hotel is extremely outdated. The look, quality of bedding/ furniture is old and cheap.
Elevator takes forever.
 Amenities do not make up for this hotel. For some reasoN, our room on a Saturday was $240. 
This includes one double bed and a tiny twin pull out love seat.
When we arrived for early check in around noon, the room service trash/food/leftovers/plates from the neighbors or previous guests were outside our room door. 
It took 4 calls to the lobby and 7 hours to get it cleaned up. 
Our room had a dirty tissue next to the bed.....
The soaps are of terrible quality.
The room is TINY TINY TINY.
They charge $10 for a horrendous breakfast on weekends--bagels and pastries.
 If I'm paying $240 for a tiny room, I better be getting a complimentary breakfast.
Staff does not speak English too well, except for front desk-- caused many misunderstandings.
Crappy coffee satchels in the room.

Pros: 
Great central location
Complimentary sparkling water and coffee in the lobby.
Extra pillows, blankets, irons, ironing boards, coffee satchels in a closet in the hallway for you to help yourself.
That's it.
Why I stayed here: This was the designated conference hotel and we were comped for two nights.

Why this place gets two stars: Location and courteous staff.

Why this place sucks and why I'll never come here again: 
1. The room was small. The bathroom was small. I can't believe other conference goers had to shell out $140 a night for this place.
2. I don't think this building was designed to be a hotel. A fellow attendee told me his room didn't even have a window, just a skylight. I believe that would be illegal in California.
3. THE NOISE!!! I like the concept of a hotel that has the amenities of a club, but you'd think that at the prices they charge, they'd be able to afford installing double-paned windows. Come on people. My friend was on the 12th floor, which is the *top* floor, and he could hear people yelling from the streets. How do you expect people to sleep??
4. The bed was full sized, not queen, which is usually standard in most hotels. WTF.

From the descriptions on the website, I expected something much more than a glitzed up motel. Overall, a very mediocre and incredibly disappointing experience.

Bottom line: Don't stay here.
We used Priceline to find a reasonable place to stay on New Year's Eve, and got a non-smoking room here for $140 including tax.

A tourist class hotel with basic amenities, but no Bible in the room, which we found curious.  Instead were a few fact books and one on the history of Philadelphia, which was a helpful addition.

Check-in/out is self service, but the staff was friendly and helpful when we had problems with both.  Very clean, with a modern-conservative decor.    When we needed a cab, the staff let us know when one was available.   

There are fill-your-own purified water bottle dispensers next to the elevators, which was a nice touch, particularly when you're dehydrated from the cold (or heat).

Parking was around the corner, $33.  A cab to South Street: $8.  CVS & H&M within 1 block, so you're set in the event you have a headache or lost your luggage and need some disposable clothing.
I give this hotel three stars mostly for its location.  We stayed here for one night while in Philadelphia and the location couldn't be better - it's in the hart of Philly.  Upon arrival, we proceeded to checkin, at which time, we noticed a sign that said, 'Upgrade to a suite for just $25'.  So I asked for upgrades for both of our parties and I asked the hotel clerk if I could pay for both upgrades on my credit card.

To make a long story short, after 45 minutes, we finally got the keys to our room.  My sister got her room quickly because they only had one suite available and the other had to be cleaned.  We waited in the lobby for a while, watched the Casey Anthony 'not guilty' breaking news, and then went to visit my sister's suite.  The 'suite' was actually the size of a regular hotel room, except that it had a fridge, sink, and microwave.  Seeing her suite made me glad that we opted for the upgrade because the regular rooms must be smaller.

The decor of the hotel was dated, but then again, this is colonial Philadelphia, so I get that much.  But the rooms were just okay, nothing special.  There was a restaurant called Davio's in the hotel, but we decided to go to a local Cuban restaurant instead - Alma de Cuba.  That was a smart decision.

One other good thing is free bottled water.  Well, it's filtered water, but they have a bunch of clean bottles that you can fill up and take with you whenever you want.  We all used them.

Overall, the bed was comfy, there is one free computer to surf the web with, and the air conditioner worked.  The views were awesome, but other than that, this hotel doesn't offer much besides location.
I recommend this place for travelers to Philadelphia who don't anticipate spending much time in their room.  The room was clean, quiet, comfortable and, more importantly, you are located right in the center of the city for a fraction of the cost of most of the other hotels in the same neighborhood.  True, the rooms are on the small side and the layout is geared more towards the business traveler, but if you just want somewhere to sleep this is a great way to save some money on your trip.   And it's a comfortable walk to Independence Hall on one side and Rocky Balboa on the other.

The hotel itself is a private club for business travelers that subsidizes its revenue by opening its doors to non-members on the weekends, which I believe means that availability is limited (if at all) during the week.  You have to book online at Hotels.com or Orbitz.   They don't offer parking but, as Daniel S. says, there is a parking garage around the corner.
