I stayed here the night before taking my Step 2 CS exam. It was honestly the best possible experience I could have asked for--very quiet, spotless, and comfortable. The owners are really friendly and extremely knowledgeable about the exam itself. Breakfast is delicious, and I was sent to take my test with additional snacks for the day (as well as some last minute advice!). 
They offer a discount to students taking the test--it rivaled the cost of all other hotels in the area, but is undoubtedly more luxurious. I would stay here again in a heartbeat!
A little kitschy, this B&B located in Powelton Village is perfect for parents visiting their children at Penn or Drexel.

The service is impeccable, and the rates are reasonable when compared with other amenities in the area (the inn at penn or the Sheraton).  We managed to please my friend's very picky mother when she came for graduation a few years ago, and she has stayed there everytime she has visited since!

The most important thing for me in a hotel is that it is clean, and Cornerstone is impeccable.  The mirrors were streak free, and there was no lint or dust on the floors, or any weird stains on towels or the sheets.  Thankfully, the front porch (great for quiet people watching) is well maintained and has comfortable furniture, perfect for resting after a long day of sight-seeing.

I recommend specifically requesting a room with a private bath, though, as not all rooms have a private bath.
After almost 4 years of walking past the Cornerstone B&B on the way to class my wife and I booked a night there to revisit our old area.  We stayed in the Philadelphian, a gorgeous green room with amazing stained glass and a nice modern bathroom.

The entire building, in fact, looks great and has been lovingly restored to the Victorian style.  It's not perfectly historically accurate; for example some of the furniture is more modern because, according to the owner, "Victorian furniture is extremely uncomfortable".  It still looks amazing.  We especially loved the stained glass, which is all original, and the glass chandelier.

We stayed over the weekend, when they serve full breakfast, and the food was excellent.  The owners were really nice and had plenty of interesting historical knowledge about the house.

The only major downside: The parking is typical urban street parking, which is not much fun but we managed to get a decent spot both times we had to look.  Fortunately it's within walking distance of plenty of public transit, and the owners will happily explain how to use it.

Overall we were really happy with it, and would gladly stay again.
Overall I was really displeased with my trip here. It felt like a overpriced Airbnb when I actually anticipated something more along the lines of a hotel stay. Upon placing my reservation, I thought the man who assisted me was really rude. Over the phone he had cut me off but I still went ahead and placed my reservation because I read good things about this place. I wanted to make sure that the room I was in was well lit but he kind of shut me down making it seem that all their rooms were very good. When I got there, I found of number of things to be displeasing. 

(1) I stayed in the Furness Room. It was pretty dark despite all the lights being on. My overall experience was that the place was poorly lit and not nearly as vibrant as the misleading images on YELP.

(2) As some point in time, I heard a scratching in the walls between my room and the room next door. I assumed it was just my neighbor. However, I woke up multiple times in the middle of my sleep because I heard an animal running across the floor in the hallway (Definitely nails coming in contact with the floor as it scurried across). I don't believe they had any cats or dogs and I think if another person who was staying there had their pet accidentally slip out of their room, I would have heard the owner calling out to them. In the end, I was left to think that only a rodent could explain the midnight running around and scratching that I heard earlier in the walls. I did NOT appreciate the poor sleep I had.

(3) The floors creaked a lot. Given that I am a early bird, it was uncomfortable walking around knowing that I had another person living below me and I could be disrupting their sleep. 

(4) I thought the male owner was very abrasive with his language. I actually came here for to take my board exam. (FYI, there was also another student from another school present.) In owner's attempt to be "helpful", he came off as very rude and as someone who knew everything. He made it seem like he was doing us a favor by talking to us. If anything, it felt more like a scare tactic and that he was the one bringing upon both fear and supposed comfort. I myself had already researched everything so it was unwanted. In the end his positive and negative words had very little effect on me but it was hard to not be rude in the event that either of us were to cut him off. I also did not try to cut him off since I would only be speaking on my behalf. Lastly, the owner mocked us for wanting to leave early and be there on time when he said that in the past people leaving to get there on time just wound up being there too early. 

(5) The breakfast was okay. Lost my appetite with the things coming out of the owner's mouth.

(6) I didn't like the late check in time, early check out time, or restricted street parking hours. However, in the end with all I said above, I couldn't wait to get out of there so it worked out. 

Much regret with this booking. Book elsewhere.
Wow! This is definitely a hidden gem in Philadelphia. The location is terrific, on a quieter residential street but right by the art museum, a cute little park for walks and picnics, and the universities. We absolutely loved exploring the area on our stays.

My husband and I first visited over the summer and loved taking in the city and having a great place to come back to when the heat of July was in full force mid day. We liked it so much we came back again in the winter for a cozy stay and got to really enjoy the warm, festive ambiance of the inn.

The rooms are clean ,spacious ,and decorated with thoughtful details that boast the history of the inn and still provide modern convenience. We really appreciated the attention to detail, including the welcome book of recommendations for the area. The owners are delightful and will happily share the history of the inn and suggestions of things to do over a cocktail on the porch or a glass of wine by the fireplace.

The weekend brunch is not to be missed. I'm practically drooling just thinking about the loaded hash browns that Eric made.
We stayed here for a wedding that was in the area. We stayed in the Philadelphian room. The room was nice, but I would not recommend staying in it due to the proximity to the front door, dining room, kitchen, etc. Once breakfast prep begins and folks starting eating at 8:30am, you hear EVERYTHING, including detailed conversations that the other tenants are having at breakfast...all while still in your bed...with a pillow over your head trying to block it out.

The owners were nice, but there's an obvious disconnect between Chris and who I assume are his parents/other owners. We had an extra guest with us for our first night and I told Chris this the day we checked in. He said it was no problem and he even said we wouldn't be charged for the extra guest since she was leaving in the morning. However, the other owners were not made aware of this and we were asked who our extra guest was at breakfast. Then they proceeded to charge us an extra $30 for her stay (which I don't mind paying at all....but why tell us she won't be charged and then charge us?). Again, disconnect between the owners it seems. 

Also, we did not receive additional towels or anything for our extra guest, and we didn't ask for them either as we understood we were not being charged for her stay since she was only there to sleep and then take our toddler home so that my wife and I could enjoy the wedding. So we paid an extra $30 for her to share a king bed with us and for her to have soggy bland eggs for breakfast. While it sounds like I'm caught up in paying the extra $$...I'm not. I'm bothered that management at this place clearly is not on the same page, and that we were questioned about our extra guest at breakfast in front of other guests.

Breakfast was fairly blah, so much that we skipped it the second day. We heard similar comments about the quality of breakfast from the other wedding attendees who also stayed at Cornerstone. 

Overall it is a nice place, very clean, and they accommodated us with a pack 'n play for our toddler which was great. Just a few negatives that would prevent us from staying there again, or recommend it to others.
This beautifully restored former mansion sits in a gorgeous neighborhood of a whole slew of Victorian houses.  The Cornestone's owners, Jill and Eric, have brought the former glory of this house, with its stained glass windows and high ceilings, back to life with a myriad of colorful and tasteful details.  From the tidy garden to the historical wall papers, from the polished furnishings to the glittering chandeliers, from the beautiful floor inlays to the wraparound porch: everything shows an appreciation and joy for the time when Philadelphia was at the height of its mercantile power. And yet, the welcome is so warm and the attention lavished on the guests is so lovely, we felt we were in a home, not a museum.

But beyond just offering a nice place to stay, the Cornerstone features a professional chef and the breakfast choices far surpass those of any regular powdered eggs buffet.  Eric relies on local produce to create amazing feasts.

We recommend a stay at the Cornerstone to all and cannot wait to come visit again.
We were made to feel so welcome and at home.  Their attention to detail was excellent.  Liz's breakfasts are incredible.  They made our stay in Philadelphia extra special and we'll be back to this B&B again!  

The third floor (Continental Suite) is an excellent option for a couple who prefers to sleep separately (husbands who snore!), but still enjoy together time.  It has a small "extra bedroom" that is perfect to move the snorer to at sleeptime.
The Cornerstone is absolutely delightful. While I didn't spend the night there, Cornerstone did host a brunch event for me and my extended family. The owners Jill and Eric are a delight! It didn't feel like we were at an Inn at all- more like we were sitting in a good friend's home. 
And the FOOD. Don't get me started on the food. Eric is the chef at cornerstone and breakfast was just insane. Have you ever had Cloud Eggs? They are amazing. Cornerstone has no problems accommodating dietary needs, so everyone was all set.
Would recommend to anyone! A great little hidden gem!
Nice B&B. Fairly inexpensive but you wouldn't know it; they are in a nice part of town, serve a delicious breakfast (day 1 was poached eggs and toast, and day 2 was irish oatmeal with almonds and fruit), and foster a friendly and quiet atmosphere. Our room was the only one without an attached bath, but the bath was huge and we rarely saw anyone in the hall.

They have a big porch, wifi, and fridges and a washer and dryer for guests. It's a ten minute walk to the Philadelphia Art Museum, the 30th & Market Street station (Amtrak/local transit), or University City.

Apparently they have regulars during the week, which probably contributes to the un-touristy atmosphere.
Our hosts, Eric and Jill, whom are the owners of this B&B were very accommodating, and quite affable, especially Eric since he handles all the cooking/baking hence interacts with his guests as a chef would do (and Eric has that experience in his background). Jill provided us with discounted tickets to the Philly Zoo, a 15 minute walk away which we took advantage of, as well as other activities. We loved the wrap around porch outside with wicker chairs/rockers and tables. The first eve we returned from our day trip our hosts were sitting on the porch and we joined them. Cocktails were offered and Eric brought out vodka tonics with a fresh slice of lime. One late afternoon when where we very tired from our activities and returned to our room early, he knocked on our door and presented us with fresh margaritas. Wow, never encountered that before in a B&B.

The residence was built in 1870 and contains what seems to true period furniture pieces. The gardens outside are verdant and must be well tended, along with the small adjacent side yard with a small table and 2 chairs. It is a very lovely B&B. Would you like fresh tea or coffee in the morning to eve with some fresh baked cookies Eric brings out from the kitchen every day? Just ask, it will be made available if not already available. Don't pass on booking at Cornerstone, it's a wonderful experience for a B&B.
ric and Jill are absolutely amazing!! My husband and I came here for our honeymoon and absolutely loved our stay in the Continental Suite. The room was prepared with romantic touches: chilled champagne waiting for us, delicious hand made cupcakes, as well as cute towel swans on the bed. It was our first trip to Philly and thanks to Eric and Jill's recommendations for things to do and places to eat we fell completely in love with the city. The place was so cozy and nothing beats Eric's breakfasts. We loved having breakfast out on the porch and the candle light dinner they set up for us when we ordered take out was so cute and romantic. Eric made the best cocktails too! It was the best bed and breakfast experience we could have asked for. Even in the middle of a pandemic we didn't feel like we missed out on anything during our honeymoon thanks to our stay here. We can't wait to come back again.
