A short but enjoyable stay at this Courtyard Marriott  - both the lobby and our rooms were clean, modern and spacious. There was a large parking lot which was amazing. So much better than staying in center city and paying 40 bucks. 

The lobby has a bunch of different sitting areas, a lounge / restaurant and even an indoor pool ! There are also alot of different conference rooms. And, if you get as lucky as we did you might even catch 'bass camp' - a gathering of some of the best bass players around the country. When we got back to the hotel at 1 AM there was a bass jam session happening in the hotel which could not have been any cooler. 

The actual hotel room was also very nice - zero complaints on my end. 5+++ stars for the bed which was super comfy. 

Overall, this is definitely a solid pick if you want to stay in Philly but want to save some $$ by staying outside of the city and park your car for no extra charge. Bonus points are if you get back late you can eat at club TGI Fridays which is in the parking lot and stays open til 1.. more on that later.
PROS:
- Upscale, modern amenities
- Good water pressure (trust me, very important)
- Comfy double mattress beds
- Ample parking

CONS:
- Daily room cleaning is a complete dumpster fire

Let's focus on the last point. One of the main draws of a hotel over an air bnb (for example) is that everything will be restocked for you daily. You shouldn't have to worry about having enough towels, toilet paper, or other supplies...but we did. 

On day 1, only the beds were made, we had to call guest services to replace supplies. On day 2, we left some tip on the counter and the room was SPOTLESS and restocked. Ok, they respond to tip...so we left some again the next day where THEY STRAIGHT UP DIDN'T COME. We left at 9:30am and returned around 10pm. Granted, it was 'after hours/off shift' when we returned to the hotel after exploring Philly, but guest services also took forever to come up and provide towels. Even then, they only provided 2 sets. On the last day, room service knocked on our door nice and early at 9am to see if we were ready to check out. Um, no. Your check out is at 11am.
Had to be in Philly this past week for a 3 day 2 night stay, wanted to stay reasonably close to where I needed to be and also avoid traffic and parking fee's. Courtyard Marriott fit the bill and the reservation process was easy. As for the hotel parking lot, parking is free but it is shared with the T.G.I.F., so it can get packed. After checking in, I wanted to see what was around, so drove a bit and when you pull out of the parking lot onto Presidential Ave make a left and left again at City Ave, there is a Naf-Naf Grill, Olive Garden, Delmonico's, Honey Grow, Chipotle, CPK (CA Pizza Kitchen) Chili's, Corner Bakery, Taco Bell, Five Guys, Boston Market and quite a few pizza and Chinese restaurants and a Target. I was pretty glad to see all these places close to where I was staying and fellow Yelp reviews helped out.

Room- 11th floor, comfy beds with that soft pillowy feeling, plenty of pillows to lean up against and watch TV (but I always bring my own to sleep on). Big TV, plenty of outlets and USB ports all over and a Keurig, which I appreciate that they provided reg, decaf and tea K-cups. The only issue was that the shower didn't drain properly, but I called down and maintenance fixed it right away. I like that the room key is also the pass key for the elevator, access to the floor you are staying and the lobby. AC & Heat unit worked great and plenty of fluffy towels provided.

Amenities- They have a very nice business area and a TV center that has local papers to read, there is also a small market area next to the Concierge Desk that offers the usual, basic toiletries/medicine, soups, noodles, snacks, candy, chips and cold beverages as well as wine (behind a locked glass cabinet) Don't think I didn't think abut that bottle a few times LOL

Bistro Bar- First, lets talk about Bartender Kevin- I'm smiling as I write this- he is an absolute blast! he is funny, very personable his laughter is contagious and he instantly makes you feel welcome the minute you walk in - think Cheers! He greets you as if you are a friend that is stopping by to have a beer, you can tell he enjoys what he does and that reflects well all around. If you do not have a local place to meet up with friends after work or before going out, stop here at the Courtyard Bistro and see Kevin! Management do not lose him!! he is definitely an asset. The bar has a nice selection of beers on tap and bottle as well as top shelf liquor and a wine selection that I think covers most wine lovers. You can see the menu if you look up Courtyard Bistro Menu.

Bistro- I had no idea what to order, the menu has appetizers, salads, pasta, french dip, Reuben steaks, burger..... I was hungry but ya-know decisions decisions... Kevin suggested the Bistro Burger- sounded good to me, I also wanted - Correction - NEEDED a glass of wine LOL, he suggested the Malbec and again, he wasn't wrong, it was perfect and complimented the juicy well seasoned burger. I have to personally suggest the burger, its comes cooked as you like on a fluffy brioche bun with beefsteak tomato slices and crisp lettuce and you get a choice of crispy seasoned fries or salad- I chose fries because its a BURGER and I love fries. He brought over the salt/pepper and bottle ketchup-- but nix that bottle stuff--The ketchup that comes with the burger is crazy good- crazyyyygoooood. Ketchup is blended together with this Moroccan seasoning? its warm, spicy and just awesome deliciousness that's soooo good, I put it on the burger and the fries, the little cup wasn't enough. They also have a chicken pot pie with a creamy/savory gravy, full of chunky chicken and fresh veggies topped with a golden flaky buttery filo dough that really was such a comfort dish. 

The bar has some wonderful signature cocktails and they offer a breakfast buffet that starts at 6:30 am. But both mornings I was up and gone by 5 am.

All around the staff here really made the stay comfortable and honestly the Bistro Bar would be a great place eat and enjoy a beverage even if you are not staying at the hotel.
There's a lot offered here. The rooms are beautiful and updated. 

The staff are friendly and helpful.

Easy access on and off I-76. Close to Manyunk. Conveniently located in West Philly. A short ride to Center City and all it has to offer. About a 20 minute drive to King of Prussia.

Many nearby restaurants such as Longhorn Steakhouse, Chipotle, California Pizza Kitchen, Panera, Fridays. Target and The Fresh Grocer are nearby. Septa bus stop outside of the hotel. Septa train a few blocks away. Free parking.

If you have a student at a nearby college ask about their special rate. There's a special rate for St. Joe's.
We are Marriott rewards members. Marriott always provides an excellent experience wherever we go . Beds are supremely comfy, rooms are clean and fresh , great showers and they use good soap and shampoo brands - towels this trip could have been a little softer but they were fine . This Marriott was well located for a wedding at The Barnes Foundation and well priced compared to closer hotels .
The hotel was very nicely renovated.  Plenty of parking, comfortable beds, decent wi-fi, nice television set. 

Only issue I had during this stay was the gentleman who checked us into the hotel.  We approached and my wife started the check-in process as she in the Marriott member and she made the reservation.  I don't know if he mistyped our name in the system or the name was in the system incorrectly but he was not able to find our reservation.  He told us he didn't see our name in the system and pretty much ended any interaction.  As he stood there waiting for us to disappear from his presence, another female co-worker overheard the interaction and decided to put forth the slightest effort and dig a little deeper.  Within seconds she was able to find out reservation. Upon seeing in the system that my wife is Marriott platinum member he became much more talkative and friendly.  Someone should not have to have a certain level of status to receive basic customer service when checking into a hotel.

I would have easily given this hotel a 4 star but that interaction with the front desk made me lower to a 3 star review.
Initially my stay was nice, however after the third night I discovered bed bugs! Photo included, but to anyone reserving in the future be aware and make sure you check your bed. Only after I called down once and finally walked down to the front desk, did my sheets get changed.
This Courtyard is very good in comparison to the other Courtyards in the area. Overall, great stay, but there are some minor things that are noticeable that would prevent one from giving 5 stars.

Pro's
-Ample FREE parking
-Rooms are modern and spacious
-Smart tv's (Netflix, Hulu, Pandora, etc)
-Great bar and Happy hour which includes appetizers that are reasonably priced
-Target and Longhorn within walking distance, Panera Bread is across the street and Fridays is in the same shopping center
-Interstate is extremely close making it an easy ride into Downtown Philly/South Street

Con's
-Staff can be hit or miss (some are pleasant some not so much) The majority of the ones I came in contact with..not so much.
-The housekeeping staff don't pay attention to detail the way some Marriott housekeeping staff do
The bathroom had missing towels, there was no laundry bag in the room and the shower although cleaned needed some extra TLC as there was some spots that were missed.

Even though there were some minor hiccups, I still would recommend this hotel!
Traveling to Philly is even more pleasant when staying here.  I chose this place due to its location, close to the city and nearby schools.  The interior is modern and clean.  The reception staff is welcoming and the manager has a great memory and remembers the faces of guest.  The rooms are well appointed with nice modern lines.....  

The gym is one of the best for the sheer fact of its size.  There are two separate rooms with alot of space.  At one time there were 9 people on the gym and at no time were we on top of one another.  It was great!  There was floor space for those who want to stretch and work on bodyweight exercises.   They had plenty of cardio machines and a few weight machines.  I stay here because of the comfy beds and the gym....

Things that can be improved include service in the onsite restaurant and housekeeping.   I stepped into the shower and saw a long, blonde hair on the shower handle......  I have curly, coily, red/brown hair.  After a request to clean, I returned to my room to that hair now being on the shower door.  They tried - A for effort and D for execution. 

Ok, so the restaurant service is slow.  Given the fact we were the only ones there - I would expect prompt and attentive service.  It more seemed we were a bit of a burden.  However the food was freshly prepared and tasty.

There is free parking and this makes this place top choice while being in Philly.
Very centrally located hotel. Staff goes above and beyond to meet your needs. Great security. I am very impressed with contacted check in and out. Request can be made through text messages.
I'm a loyal Marriott fan as I travel quite a bit for business and they always take good care of me.  The Courtyard brand of Marriott is one of my favs as you get everything you need to an overnight stay without a huge bill to go along with it.

This Courtyard has been renovated recently.  My bed was super comfy with a duvet and pillow top that made sleeping a breeze.  There was a huge TV, coffee maker, mini refrigerator, and basic bathroom amenities.  They removed the tub and installed a shower so that the bathroom feels more modern although you can tell it is a remodel (the giveaway was the toilet that required a jiggle or two to get it to stop running some times)

The desk area is large and there are tons of outlets around so that plugging in all of your devices to charge them was easy.  I especially liked the plugs on the bedside table that didn't have me crawling all over the floor to find an outlet.

In hotels of this age, the heating and cooling is often loud and irritating given it runs through the outside wall- not the case here.  It cycled off and on quietly enough not to bother my sleep.

And in the morning- if breakfast is your thing- there is a small restaurant serving Starbucks coffee in the lobby that will get you on your way with no delay and your fav cup of java.

Clean, friendly staff and everything I need for a good night's sleep.  Yep.  This Courtyard delivered on my expectations!
We enjoyed our stay at this hotel! It's convenient to the major highways and only about 15 minutes from downtown Philadelphia! It is walking distance to many restaurants and shopping as well. Parking can fill up quickly at night though since it shares some parking with a TGI Friday. The staff were friendly!  I would recommend!
This place is wonderful, one of the best places to stay in Philly.  The food is OUTSTANDING.  Get the spicy Rigatoni.  Bar staff are friendly and very good at what they do.  From check in to checkout, my experience couldn't have been better.  I'm in Philly all the time, but normally stay in Center City.  This is a better location because you're close enough to the city to not have to fight hours of traffic, but far enough away that you can relax.  The rooms are gorgeous and very comfortable.

My only complaint is the TGI Friday's that shares the property.  It's not your typical Fridays, it's more like a night club.  Packed and the crowd is young, very young.  I felt uncomfortable just walking in.
Had a wonderful stay probly the best stay in a Marriott. Great rooms,  food restaurants pool and service. This will be my permanent place to stay when visiting Philly.
I'm sure this is a nice hotel to stay at but I haven't had a good experience with the staff at all. I booked my hotel on a Sunday night for that Tuesday night. When I realized that I no longer needed the hotel room I cancelled my reservation online. A message came up saying that my reservation had been cancelled. When I looked at my bank statement today, I had been charged for the room I had cancelled. I called the hotel and the person at the front desk had told me there was nothing he could do. I asked to speak to a manager and was on hold for 20 mins. Then I hung up and called again and nobody answered the phone. I called back a half hour or so after that and asked to speak to the manager. I got a machine and left a message for them to call me back and they haven't done so yet after 3 hours.
Electric went out in house, wife's job sent her home for being dehydrated.  Marriott courtyard took our last minute reservation and gave us a kings size bed for a king and a queen with plenty of air. Marriott courtyard is now my favorite place to stay very courteous workers.Thanks my wife is better.
I've been staying consistently in Philly over the past few months in a variety of hotels, and this courtyard is great for a number of reasons. Recently remodeled, it's newer than most of the hotels in downtown Philly especially at the price point. Additionally, the free parking is amazing given the outrageous prices most downtown hotels charge. However, you are now about 15 minutes outside of town instead of being right in the middle of it all.

The hotel is located northwest of Philly near fairmount park right off of 76. It's fairly easy to get to and find, and parking is plenty though the place can be crowded. When I first walked in, it was pretty noisy since there were people everywhere (small bar/restaurant area with quite a bit of sitting places). The check-in process was quick and efficient, and as a platinum member I was able to pick whatever I wanted from the small shop.

The room is updated, comfortable, and spacious. I had a full coach as well as a king-size bed and an updated flat screen TV. There were plenty of outlets and light as well so it never felt dark if I didn't want it. The bathroom was also comfortable and spacious - I always enjoy a stand-up shower. Only part that threw me off was the temperature control for the shower was on the opposite side of the showerhead. Internet seemed to work just fine, didn't notice any issues. 

The gym was nice as well, not a ton of equipment but most things you need and was in good working order as well as having plenty of space.
To call the police on OccupyICEPHL shows you do not value Philadelphia's values of protected free speech and brotherly love. Instead may I suggest you call Mayor Kenney 215-686-2181 and ask him to end PARS. Until then, we stay.
My stay here was pretty good, but it is a large hotel and the parking is not so large. It's not like you won't get parking, but I had to park around in the back because all the spaces in the front were full.  This really sucks if there is precipitation, because people will park in the front and go to check in instead of kindly dropping someone off. They'll just block it off. 

Anyway, the room was nice, large and clean. The hallways were on the cold side as was the pool. It's a large building so they might have to be in the stingier side? Oh, and they have free wifi and a "better wifi" which on my phone and ungraceful figures I accidentally selected and couldn't undo. I called the front desk and they reversed the charge. Lesson: the wifi was literally no faster. Before I called, it dropped due to low signal. DON'T pay for it. 

But the view is nice and there's a TGI Fridays in front and a Panera across the street and breakfast/snacks for sale. It did what I needed and was cheaper but close enough to Philly's historic sites.
Calling police on non-violent protestors, supported by the mayot, nontheless, when police are murdering and injuring innocent people daily. 0/10.
Worst service I have ever had by an hotel.  We checked in and my boyfriend was told we wouldn't be charged for parking because they ran out of parking passes to place in our car window, upon check out we were still charged for at least one vehicle during our stay. Then, we were busy enjoying our Philadelphia vacay so we got back to our room late.  To our surprise a big sunken in crater like indentation was on the left side of the bed!!! My boyfriend sucked it up due to it being 3am but had to ask for another room in the morning... He emailed corporate offices to tell them about the situation only to be contacted DAYS later with a sorry excuse and no offer for compensation for our horrible stay.  At least a free one night stay or something! Worst stay ever in a Marriott hotel.  Be sure to check your bed or find a better hotel to spend your money at...smh.
This is usually my go to hotel when I come to Philly; so it really hurts my heart to make this review, but it's starting to get real lax with some things especially the cleanliness..upon my initial inspection there was a pair a grown man socks on the side/behind the front dresser they have...not a good sign ...I could have excused that but I put the heat on because this weather is super bipolar and the smell of a weeks old mayonnaise sandwich, I've been sniffing the air in this room trying to identify exactly where the smell is coming from and I still can't identify it ..let's just say this went from being in the top 5 to the below 2
Marriott did a great job in transforming this previously named "Crowne Plaza" into their own Courtyard Marriott. The hotel underwent a major renovation from last year to this year and the hotel doesn't look similar in the least bit, in a great way. I visited this hotel last Jan 2016 (pre Reno) and this Jan 2017 (completed renovated), let's just say last year I was appalled by the way the hotel looked and how filthy it was and this year a complete 180 - the hotel is specular in appearance and cleanliness. No this hotel is not a 5 star but it is definitely 3.5 stars by an American hotel standard and a 4.5 for European standard. It provides a great comfortable sleep in a modern designed environment. There is a Starbucks in the lobby of the hotel by the restaurant/bar area which is a nice plus (Starbucks serves basic drinks but no Starbucks food or snacks, FYI), there's also a lounge area which is great for large groups! A brand new pool is right off the lobby and visible to the eye! I was at the hotel for my companies training which was located across the street but we did have a corporate happy hour in the Lincoln room which is was a great size for 40-50 people, a small wine and beer bar was set up along with a turkey carving & pasta station! The staff was also very friendly and accommodating. The area around the hotel isn't the nicest being that it's west Philadelphia but the hotel makes you feel safe and secure and there is nothing to worry about when inside the hotel! I give this hotel 5 stars, keep up the good work!!!
I'm always happy when staying at a Courtyard Marriott and this one lived up to my expectations.  Great staff, friendly, efficient and could help me with any needs I had (i.e. towel for the pool, extra soap, etc.) They had a good common area for all of us to hang out in following the wedding also, where everyone could pull chairs together and chat for all hours of the night.
My 91-yr-old mom and I stayed here for a weekend in June while visiting family and attending a concert downtown. My overall reaction to our stay was that the hotel was a bit overpriced for the level of comfort and service. Mom has some difficulty walking, and our room was very narrow--not much room between the beds and dresser.  The transport chair was a tight fit, as was her walker. Also, the curved desk and dresser top  surfaces may be a fashion statement, but from a practicality standpoint, they are awful.  Lots of stuff hit the floor. The beds are high, and difficult for an older person to get into. The armchair has no footstool--that's an amenity even I appreciate, as I don't want to sit on the bed but like to put my feet up. Also--no nightlight in the bathroom. This is a must for anybody over 40. Finally, one of my pet peeves is A/C that blows on the bed--this room had that problem.

On the plus side, the room and bath were spotlessly clean, the beds very comfortable, and the room extremely quiet. Although several families with happy and boisterous kids were staying on our floor, we could not hear them once the door was closed. The pocket door on the bathroom saved space and never obstructs traffic in the room.  The main lobby and room were wheelchair accessible, even though the room wasn't labeled that way. The staff was friendly and helpful, especially the housekeeper on our floor (3rd floor, June 3-5), who helped me with doors and luggage, and who NEVER knocked and asked about cleaning the room. The coffee bar had good coffee and good service. Parking was a bit oddly located, but plentiful and FREE--a huge plus for an urban hotel, and Philly parking prices are high. Internet/WiFi are also free--very nice! 

Overall, it was a very comfortable stay, one that I would rate as worth about $180/night instead of the $240 I paid.
What a beautiful hotel, a great addition to Marriott. I went their for my birthday weekend and the whole experience was perfect. The staff did a nice job of knowing guests,and making them feel welcome. The pool is rather large and heated. The breakfast is much better than most courtyards and worth the price. They have a shuttle to take you to the local landmarks which is convenient.
We stay here every time we are in Philly.  Clean rooms, clean common areas, bar/restaurant gives great service.
