Standard hotel for the business people staying in this area.  It's kind of out of nowhere and plenty of empty green space.  One definitely needs a car to get around or do Uber to get to downtown central. No one walks to transportation to get to downtown from this location.  Around the area, lies the navy yard, att baseball stadium and a few startup companies.  

This hotel has the usual amenities, like gym and lobby dining bar.  It's basic and not spectacular.  The wall colors and decor of the room is Tiffany's blue.  I admired that because it so happens that I was carrying the necklace that day.

I enjoyed my stay. Rooms and amenities were of the norm.
This is a very convenient location if you're doing business at the Navy Yard. Nothing like waking up, getting dressed, going downstairs for breakfast and coffee, and then walking to your meetings just a few minutes away. A fairly new hotel, it feels fresh and new, open and bright. They have tons of seating -- booths, couches, counters, tables -- whatever suits your fancy. A lot of people are here working throughout the day, eating, drinking and having meetings. Very business oriented but has an intimate feel.

The cafe is extremely limited but everything we had was good. No real food available between breakfast and dinner (at 5pm!) though there are some ready made sandwiches and things available at the little store. No potato chips though! WTF? 

Never did find out if they had a pool or hot tub, though I think the answer is no. There was apparently a work-out room but I didn't bring gear for that so didn't look for it. 

The front desk folks are always there to help and we did need their help several times so that was nice. But the thing that impressed me the most was the cleaning staff. Every evening we returned to a brand new room! Beds made, towels replaced, floors swept, coffee restocked, and even things tidied. It was so nice after a long day. We had a fantastic view of the frigates, the bridge, and the officer's housing. 

Only drawback is that if you want to do sightseeing, you'll have to take a cab as the Navy Yard is far from the rest of Philly. Leave 20 minutes in traffic times and it isn't a scenic drive but overall not that bad. The nice thing is it's super quiet out there!
Im a straight forward person so check in was good. My room was clean and there wasn't any neighbors. The room seemed updated but I was disappointed that they didn't have the smart tv apps. I picked this location because it was convenient but there wasn't  any places to eat. The food at the bistro was good and while it was pricey I was happy because there wasn't anything in good walking distance. Unlike some places that take advantage of being the only game in town and serves bad food. Overall, it's a solid straight forward hotel.
My boyfriend and I visited Philadelphia for the Jay-Z concert on Friday night. Check-In at the Marriott was a breeze the staff was pleasant too. I really love the fact that they have FREE parking, it made our stay even more pleasant. Our room was clean and nice. The bed was soooo comfortable we slept like babies. If your attending a concert at the Wells Fargo Center this hotel would be ideal as it is walking distance . I look forward to booking with this hotel again ! Thanks for the awesome stay !!!
Do NOT go on an Eagles game day! The police had blocked off exit 17 off of I-95 that Google Maps tells you to take. We had a smooth drive up until then. We called the hotel, was put on hold, then hung up on. Called again - I requested not to be put on hold, and the front desk didn't know any other direction other than taking the exit off of I-95! He asked for my location, and said he'll look up via Google Maps. He said to look for 26th Street, which is the back route. Anyway, we pulled off to a McDonald's, and found "the other" way. We got in via: Rt. 291, Right on Pattison Ave, Right on S. Broad St...went through the Navy Yard entrance. One quick ride became one very long road trip! 

Once we did get into the hotel, everything was exceptional. The parking lot was under construction, but they had ample street side parking. The lobby was neat and clean. The room was perfect. There's a mini-fridge, TV, sleeper sofa, and roll-out desk.

Breakfast at The Bistro, although a bit pricey, was great. Plenty of seating available, and each booth had its own TV. We ordered the morning scramble, and "thick cut" french toast. The morning scramble is definitely worth it - with 4 slices of toast. The "thick-cut" french toast was alright. They were not thick, as one would think it was. Just regular sized toasts from a loaf of bread that you would get from the grocery store.

Checking in and checking out was a smooth process. The Bistro had wonderful service. Only issue we had was the night for checking in - the front desk didn't know another possible route for getting to the hotel without Google Maps. A simple knowledge of "taking exit XX from I-95 instead of exit 17" would've been the best.
Google didn't seem to have this road or this hotel on its maps, as everything is brand new... but that didn't keep me from finding it!  

The service was very pleasant, the navy yard is an interesting place to wander around, and I found the room to be quite comfortable and clean.

Spent a couple nights here, a great place really if you have a car and still want to be close to the city, but don't want to pay $40 to valet it downtown for a night.
I spent 2 nights at this hotel. At first I thought it would be out of the way (I was attending an event at Penn) but it turned out to be only about a 10-15 minute drive from campus. The rates were considerably lower than anything else I found for this particular weekend. There was free parking right at the hotel.  The  Hotel staff was friendly and professional. It seemed like a pretty new hotel so everything seemed very new and clean. We had 4 people staying in the room, it came with one king sized bed and one pull out. We didn't spend too much time in the room and it was just what we needed. The sports complex can be seen from the hotel and taxis are readily available with just a call from the front desk. I would definitely stay there again!
I love Marriott's and have been staying at them for years, but man this hotel kind of sucks.

When I checked in the front desk person was very professional and curteous. Sounded like a great start. The room was clean and everything seemed good. However, during our stay there were several days in which our rooms were not cleaned at all. We had to constantly ask for them to be cleaned or the RUDE housekeeping would be knocking on our doors at 4pm asking when they could clean the room, even though I was out of my room the entire morning/afternoon and no one came. Their excuse was that people were checking out that day so they had a priority over us - which is good and fine, but to be coming around to BARELY start cleaning the room at 4pm is unacceptable! 

They claimed to have just shampooed the carpets in the hotel (new hotel shoudln't need to already have that much shampooing done) and it smelled pretty horrible. I dont know what they used to clean it but it definitely did not have a plesant sent. 

Even management was rude and agressive.

The restaurant on site is pretty simple and limited. The market that they have is grossly inflated and way to expensive.

Free parking is a good perk around here but thats about it.

Its a brand new hotel but needs major work on staff training.
Loved the location, layout and our room. It was spacious and the front desk ladies were very gracious.
Sadly, the bistro did not have many options for lunch or dinner.
A nice hotel that's close to everything...especially sporting events and concerts. When you walk in, you are immediately greeted with a smile by the check in staff. All
of the employees that we encountered were very helpful and friendly. 
Downstairs had a little bar area, although I think they should expand that, and a good size seating area with comfortable couches and chairs. 
The room was very clean and you have access to a small refrigerator and coffee machine. 
A definite must stay if you are in town
The hotel it's looking good but the serves is really bad you go to the cafe  thy don't have breakfast the card thy give you it has couple of sandwich may 4 meals not that much to pick if you are there one week you get really sick of it
There nothing much around the hotel you can go to the closer is 4 to 6 miles and if you go out you com back the room as same all she did the bathroom and near the coffee machine she left dirty rage the trash from yesterday is full  and I can go on.& on and on lm not to happy about it
Excellent lodging for a Fourth of July getaway. Plenty of parking, clean orderly room and minutes away from various attractions. Thank you Stacey for your hospitality upon my check in. Although I arrived early you were able to accommodate me and allow an early check in. For those visiting Philly, check out gophilly.com for recommendations on things to do while in the area.
The restrooms on the ground floor are very nicely decorated, spacious and exceptionally clean. All of the common areas of the hotel were well maintained. I will admit that the red high back chairs to the immediate right upon entry are due for an upholstery cleaning. There is a small area near the front desk available in the event you'd like to purchase a few sundries. The Bistro is the in house  bar and eatery if you'd like to dine there. The server was polite and made sure I was happy with my order.
Upon exiting the elevator to my assigned floor, it provided a great view of Wells Fargo and Financial stadiums. Fireworks could be seen from the view within my room. Definitely a good choice for a get away.
This hotel is located on the grounds of the Navy Yard.
I arrived close to midnight. Check-in was seamless. Front desk anticipated my need for restful sleep. Rooms are new, clean and quiet. Convenient location for anyone conducting business at the Navy Yard or catching a game at the sports complex.  Minutes to/from PHL. Only drawback is lack of room service and accessible eateries.
LOVE LOVE LOVE!! I came to Philadelphia for a bridal shower and did tons of research for clean, close, and reasonably priced hotels. Upon arrival, I was so impressed with this hotel.

PROS
extremely clean
Very safe - you have to scan your room card in the elevator to get to your floor
Starbucks and bistro in lobby
Views of the football stadium
Parking lot
Great location 
Everything looked brand new

CONS
Because it's in a navy yard, navigating around to get to the parking lot was a little confusing but nothing drastic
Stayed 2 nights for the Columbus Day holiday weekend...hotel is brand new & room was great...giant shower...toilet that flushed properly....room was super clean & staff great....a 5star stay all day except for the location...the navy yard is an upcoming rehab area and has it's own security guard with gate to even enter the area, with several brand new office buildings & several being built...and that's it....no stores or reasturants except for the market and bistro in the hotel,it's located across from the eagles,phillies,flyers sports complex so walking there to see a sporting event is convieant....everything else you need to drive too...and I only saw a handful of cabs in the area so plan accordingly...soooo if in Philly for the birds stay here & cheer...if in Philly for the steaks & cheese stay closer and say Yes more please!
RJ and I stayed at the Courtyard at the Navy Yard.  I was meeting him there after his class, and didn't realize it was LITERALLY in the navy yard.  I was confused when I saw the guard and thought I was going the wrong way, but he so kindly directed me where I needed to go.  It's so crazy seeing those huge ships right there.  This is one of the nicest, if not the nicest Courtyards I have stayed in.  The sheets were the best, crisp and clean and cold and the shower was fantastic.  The room was spotless. I just wish they had an indoor heated pool. It looks like we could walk to Wells Fargo or Lincoln Financial Field if we wanted to.
Room was immaculate.  The bistro food was delish; had the egg white frittata for breakfast and the pan-seared salmon for dinner.  They have starbucks too.  Sitting outside now by the fire- video posted.
I really like this location.  Close to the sites but away from the craziness. On the old Navy Yard you can the area in comfort and peace of mind. Good little bar area, friendly staff and the rooms are newer, clean and well maintained. They have the standard hotel store with $8 pringles but it is what it is. Workout room onsite. Four stars because it is exactly what you pay for and expect.  1 star deduction due to charging fifteen dollars night for no good reason.
I have stayed at the courtyard navy yard quite a few times as my philly office shares a parking lot with the hotel which is extremely convenient.  The hotel is in a great location and is right across from the stadiums and right off the turnpike.  

The hotel is super clean and recently renovated.  All the bedding is new, fluffy and comfortable.  The hotel has a nice lobby and serves food and drinks.  The bar closed early which is a bummer but of course better than not having a bar.  Not many restaurants are walking distance.  Around the block from the hotel is a bar which has okay food but nothing great.  Def plan to drive or Uber to restaurants.  

This location sells out quickly so be sure to book in advance as last minute reservations may be hard to secure.
The hotel staff is friendly and hotel is very nice.  Only disappointment was the lack of organization the hotel has in placed with guiding guest when there is an event nearby hotel with road blocks.  This hotel is located on a naval base and there was a Blue Cross cross street run event on the day of my schedule flight home.  

I was never given any notice of the event during my check-in and only to find out when leaving early morning to airport for my flight.  It took me nearly 45 minutes circling around a 0.3 mile radius to try to find a route that is not blocked off.  The security guards at every blocked road was sub-contracted and they are no help and keeps giving me alternative routes that still lead me to another blocked road.  I had to encounter about 7 blocked routes dealing with multiple security guards to try to get directions to get out of the vicinity so I can head to the airport.  Luckily i came across 1 security guard in a vehicle that was willing to have me follow his car to lead me to a gate that he had to open with the key to let me onto an open road out.  That was because I nearly almost had to get on my knees to plead for help as I have only 40 minutes time before my flight departures.

I nearly would missed my flight if i was 2 minutes later.  I was told by gate security that the hotel was given 3 days notice of the event.  That was plenty time for them to better organize how they would plan on having their guest better directed in and out of the hotel vicinity in case of events happening in the area.  

I hope the hotel management sees my review and have better organization for future events.
Sorry, but when you leave your room at 8am, and return at 4:30, it should be enough time for housekeeping to clean it.    Called the desk, no apology.... just said, (Well, they are still in the building)

Sub par
This hotel hit all the bases, with deficiency in none. The room was nice: spacious, modern, and clean. Great bed. Great views. Great television. And, the air conditioner quietly blew ice cold air.

Next is the cleaning staff: courteous, attentive, and effective.

And most important, the front desk staff. I am a frequent traveler and in my experience, the single most important feature of a hotel visit is the front desk staff. The front desk staff here was committed to being nice and hospitable: in essence, being a feature of my visit which made me relaxed and comfortable, as much as the comfortable couch in the room with an integrated side-table or the channel list for the television placed on the capacious dual-level desk. That kind of commitment in a hotel staff takes work, and I appreciate that work from the front desk staff at this hotel. I had several requests for the staff--admittedly, I was a slightly more onerous guest than most--and the front desk staff took each request as an opportunity to make my stay better: more pleasant, more helpful, and more relaxing. Most appreciated.

There are other niceties I'd like to mention: the view of the sports stadiums, the taught leather ottoman that doubled well as a coffee table, the Bistro (and the staff there too). The Bistro was reasonably priced, with prompt service. (Here, though there is no room service, you can call the Bistro, place your order, and have the Bistro call your room when your order is ready--an innovative touch.) The snacks and drinks (including beer and wine) available next to the front desk. The exceedingly comfortable chairs next to the front desk, which made any unavoidable waiting unavoidably pleasant.

But, mostly the staff: I cannot stress enough how much I appreciate the front desk staff's willingness to accommodate rather than (as some hotel staff will do) question my various requests. Sometimes--actually, oftentimes--a traveler (and especially a business traveler such as me) simply needs certain accommodations, and the traveler will reluctantly but politely request such accommodations. The way a hotel responds to such requests determines the character of that hotel, and the way this hotel responded to my requests proves that its character is strong. I wish this hotel the best success.

One final note: regarding the difficulty in driving to the hotel during sports events mentioned in previous reviews: yes, it can be an issue. Although I did not experience the exit off 95 being closed, I did experience the road into the Navy Yard being blocked by a security guard and a orange traffic cone. This prompted me to turn around. When I could find no alternative way to reach the hotel, I drove up to the guard to ask for direction. It turned out that the guard was just waiting for me to drive up, and he ushered me through the gate to the hotel. So, don't be confused if you see the guard at the Navy Yard gate. He's there presumably to prevent fans from parking in the wrong parking lots; you're welcome to pass through to the hotel.
A great experience at one of the nicest Courtyard's I've been at (the best, actually)! Great view of Philly and sports stadiums.

From Adam at the front desk to Terel at the bar and Denzel in the kitchen, they all made us laugh and feel at home.

Highly recommend the @marriott courtyard at the Navy Yard!!
Stayed one night and it was just fine. The bed was comfortable and the space was clean and spacious. Be aware that there are virtually no restaurant options around the hotel, and the hotel bar has jacked up its prices accordingly. I paid $15 for one house glass of Riesling which is absurd.
I stayed here on New Years Eve to go to Xfinity Live. The package I purchased from the hotel came with 2 tickets to the Xfinity event. After purchasing the package, I called the hotel to ask how I get my tickets- they told me they would have them for me the day of the event when I checked in. 
Flash forward to the day of the event... the hotel changed their story and said I should have received my tickets from Xfinity in an email. I had not. The lady I spoke to at the desk was very unsympathetic so I ended up spending a lot of time on the phone with Xfinity that day- this was in fact the hotels job though, not mine. But no one there seemed willing to help me. 
When I asked to speak to a manager, he was ALSO rude. He still claimed there was nothing they could have done about the situation. He didn't apologize for the 7 phone calls I had to make to Xfinity or for the rude employees at the desk. 

I would never stay here again or purchase any sort of package from Marriot.
I was truly impressed with this hotel. The staff on all 3 shifts were cheerful and very helpful.  The location was perfect ( near 95) and  extremely close to the sports complex. Also, if you  like to shop, the second largest mall in the USA is appx 35 minutes  away!!  My room was large and the king bed was extra comfy. The hotel was built in 2014 so everything in the hotel appeared to be brand new. The bathroom was modern and had a glass door, but no actual bathtub. I was concerned about the position of the bed because the TV sat off to the side which seemed awkward. I then noticed that the TV sat on a cool moveable stand  and the TV was also  able to swivel. The lounge area was classy and the bar was fully stocked. The hotel offered free parking and the lot was well lit at night. I can go on and on about this wonderful hotel, but instead I will let you see for yourself. I will definitely return!
We chose this hotel for its proximity to the airport and its interesting neighborhood to explore for my wife and 2 year old son.  The rooms are nice, the hotel is clean and the staff is very friendly.  However I had one issue - I'm a Bonvoy Gold Elite member and so I asked for an extended check out when I arrived, so my son could take a nap before we took a long flight to california.  The very friendly person at the front desk assured it was no problem.  The next day during his nap two people repeatedly knocked on the door, 45 minutes apart, asking when we were checking out, as apparently nobody had put the late check out in the computer.  I would otherwise stay here again, but if you need a late check out make sure you get something in writing or an assurance that its okay
Great place to stay. Found it very clean and the front desk very attentive. We were like 15 min away from everything we wanted to do or eat. And the gym was great! Staying near three stadiums was amazing to my husband and I thought it was pretty cool.
Whoa, this is a nice Courtyard hotel. It's pretty close to the stadium area. But what sets this place apart is it is very clean, very modern, very easy. The staff is well trained. The food is actually really good for this range of hotel. I was there for a meeting only and was super impressed with sandwiches and other food we had. There isn't much else around the area--you would need to drive to most restaurants and it's quite a distance from downtown. But if you are looking for a hotel in the Philly area and have a car, this place is AWESOME.
Great hotel great front desk staff and location is alright ...it's about a $12-$15 Uber ride into Center city or a quick drive if your willing to take you car and find parking. After 930pm you have to enter the hotel tropics a different way of your driving it's kinda weird but it is what it is ..
There's parking if you require at the hotel .
I would stay here again !
After four years, my family and I decided to stay at this hotel in Philadelphia again. The last time I was here, this hotel was fantastic and it proved the same even after all of the time had passed. That already says so much about how nice this hotel is! The place  is clean, the facilities are okay, and the night sleep is good.

First, the cleanliness. There is not one issue here. The bathroom was spotless and the beds were great. I stayed here for two nights. So, for the housekeeping, one of my family members requested just towels for when they came around and not a full out cleaning. What did they end up doing? Cleaning the whole room, making beds, the whole gig. That is fantastic!
My Rating for this Category: 5/5

Next up, the facilities. I did not explore this category enough, but I do know that there is no pool at this location. I am not sure if there is a fitness center. On the other hand, this is a Courtyard so they have a cool bistro/restaurant place and that adds such a vibe to this hotel.
My Rating for this Category: 4/5

Finally is the night sleep. My night sleep was good. The pillow was supportive, the sheets were fine, and as previously stated, the bed was clean. My whole family did get really hot during the night at about 68F, but that's our fault for having the temperature up. I'd recommend setting the temperature to 65-66F. It may look cold, but it isn't.
My Rating for this Category: 5/5

For the next time I am in Philadelphia, I will be back. This hotel has served its purpose again and again for my family and I. It's clean and the night sleep is good. This hotel with ease gets my Philadelphia recommendation for other friends and family that will be traveling in the area.
The courtyard is situated on the far corner of the Navy Yard. For those who have not been around the Naval Yard, it's a mix of industrial and hip. This hotel though is business focused as for the purpose of my visit.  Checking in- there is no differentiation with Marriott reward members vs non as there are just 3 podiums when you walk in. The person checking in did not acknowledge status, just pretty much gave instructions on parking- "hang your parking sign and scan your ticket going in and out." I had prechecked in online so was just handed the key. The hotel room is new, clean and plenty of lamps and lighting. With this being said, typical Marriotts have USB ports built right into alarm clocks or into lamps or in the wall itself. This Courtyard did not so bring a wall socket! Bed is great, feels like a new room but customer service again is just meh.
