I would give this hotel 0 stars if possible. 

We stayed one night from August 3rd-4th. During the night of August 3rd-4th I woke up itchy several times. I felt like things were crawling on me but since my husband who was sleeping next to me didn't seem to feel anything I thought it was just me or the sheets. When I awoke in the morning to my horror I had dozens of bites on my body. 

Immediately, my husband suspected bed bugs and lifted up the sheets to find prior blood speck stains on the mattress. We contacted the concierge who connected us with Patty the housekeeping manager. Patty sent a technician up to examine the bed. The technician would not rule out that there were bed bugs because he felt the blood specks on the mattress looked fresher than we initially thought. We checked beds in both rooms and found the same blood stain specks on both mattresses. We had to contain the stuffed animal which I slept with and the clothing which we wore in plastic bags.

After arriving home I proceeded to unpack the items (stuffed animal, shirt, shorts, undergarments from previous night) to be washed in the laundry and that's when our suspicions were confirmed. I found a small bed bug on the clothing and have contained it in a plastic medicine bottle.

Not only was my stay horrible because of the experience with the bed bugs, but the hotel's general manager was rude. Steven Strunk the hotel manager was unsympathetic and did not even offer an apology. He offered no compensation and questioned my integrity in front of other employees and guest when I had spoken to him politely.
Ok, so I am really not pleased with my overall experience at this hotel although there were positives such as fantastic AC, a clean room with comfy beds, and good shampoo etc. and the fact that they had a mini fridge. I can also appreciate the snack selection downstairs because who doesn't love Skinny Pop? However, something that is really bothering me is the fact that I left the sign on the door for house keeping to not come in the room (Do Not Disturb) and when we came back to the room, they had been inside while we were at a wedding. I had things of value since we brought a few outfits with accessories, etc to try on and if I say not to come inside, I think it is only right that as the customer, my wishes are granted. I called to speak to the woman downstairs at the counter and she apologized and agreed with me and offered to provide us with $20 off our hotel bill as a courtesy. Ok, great. Then, the next morning, we woke up and the room had already been charged on a credit card that we were not planning on using to pay with but only reserved it under for the incidentals. When we spoke to another person at the front, they apologized, reversed the payment and then said they were going to deduct the $20 for the parking. Of course, they did not actually do this and the bill is still not accurate. I am not someone who is ever going to complain over $20 but now that it has become "a thing" and I am starting to get annoyed, I am slightly perturbed by this. Also, while the food at the Bistro is quite good and the staff are friendly, during peak brunch hours on a Sunday, they should have another person working to ring up the order while one prepares the food and drinks in the front and the other in the back by the griddle. We waited at least a half hour between placing order and getting our coffees and food. The location worked out for us nicely and the hotel really is comfortable and clean, but I am just left feeling slightly unsettled.
I was pleasantly surprised by their excellent customer service of this particular Marriott Hotel!  Even though check-in time was not until 3pm, we arrived at noon and they allowed us to check-in early.  After we got into our room, the front desk called us to ask if the room & anything else was to our satisfaction.  As I walked out of my room, I was looking for the ice machine.  I walked by a maid who asked me if I was looking for something.  After I told her, she immediately notified me that the ice machine was on the 1st floor and to my right.  Every time I walked by an employee, they always smiled and gave me a friendly salutation!

This Marriott is located right next to the Philadelphia Airport, so this hotel would be very convenient for you if you flew into Philadelphia; but we drove from out of town, so we didn't take advantage of that perk!  

The hotel itself is on the older side with some recent modifications.  Some of the Marriott hotels that I've been to, we were forced to use their valet service since they didn't have any public parking; so it was refreshing that this Marriott had a large parking lot that allowed us to park our own vehicle without paying the extra price for their valet.  They have an indoor pool, spa and gym; but I didn't get have time to try out any of those features.  The room was okay, but it was great to have free wireless internet service.  The complementary breakfast was very good!  They had your typical servings of coffee, cereal, bread, fruits, etc.; but their juices were 100%, fresh scrambled eggs & potatoes, and self-serve waffles!

I was very satisfied with this hotel & their service. It came very close to a 5-star rating, but the hotel itself was on the "too old" side for me to give them a perfect score.  Other than that, you will be very happy staying here!  I got better customer service here than your beautiful & extravagant hotels in Las Vegas.  The next time I'm going back to Philadelphia, I'm coming back to this Marriott!
Customer service definitely lacking here. When we arrived around 8pm there was one employee at the front desk who was searching around the desk area for something and continued doing so for several minutes as we stood there without being acknowledged at all. After he was finished whatever he was doing he started to check us in. Unfortunately there was a problem with the computer so the check in process took extra long. No one offered to explain any amenities or how the hotel shuttle worked. I had asked for a quiet room, but we were given a room on the main floor right off of the lobby. The three rooms next to us and across from us were occupied by an extended/family friends group that were very loud. The hotel was not at all full, so I am not sure why they would have put us in the middle of this party. No thought went into attempting to place us in a quiet area. Important note- the airport shuttle leaves every half hour and leaves exactly on the half hour if not earlier.
Usually stay at another hotel right @ the airport when I have a very early flight out, but it has been slowly spiraling downward so I thought I'd give the Courtyard a try. Very glad I did. I SEPTAed to PHL and the shuttle was quick to arrive and haul me to the hotel. 
Check-in was a breeze and everyone was both pleasant and efficient while doing their tasks. Room was excellent, very clean and well appointed.
5am shuttle was as good as it gets @ 5am...
This great experience was due to the people, while where I used to stay most employee's exhibit a real "tude" and seem bothered by guests, these folks all had extremely positive attitudes and were totally focused on making the guest their priority.
Well done!
Just found this guys in my bed after noticing one in my pillow. So when I took the covers there was dried blood that did not came from me. So sheets weren't changed at all.
Decent Courtyard, but nothing special. Close to airport and I-95 which is convenient. Pay for parking. The only thing in walking distance is a Ruby Tuesdays, otherwise you have to eat at hotel or drive. Also, if you're returning a rental car, no gas station in close proximity so plan ahead.
We used to stay at the airport Hilton for layovers & have recently switched to this hotel.  It is a great improvement!  Much brighter, cleaner & more modern.  It even smells better.  I've only had short layovers here & haven't had a chance to use their gym.  The rooms are very comfortable & the beds are very comfortable.  The last time I was here there were teenagers running in the hall & a call to the front desk dispatched a security guard to remedy the situation.  I also haven't eaten at the "restaurant'.  It is a weird open air location in the lobby that looks too exposed to me.  We had a slight issue with their schedule for airport transportation.  They only operate on the half hour but we were lucky to be able to get a 45 van.  Nice little snack area next to the front desk with a microwave & some beers & snacks & ice cream for late night arrivals.
I'm a flight attendant, and, once in a while, there are no rooms at the hotels we have agreements with. When this happens, it results in the company having to put another hotel on a corporate card. Even though this isn't that unusual, it is never done correctly. Most of the time it happens when you have been rerouted, and have had unusual circumstances that typically have resulted in an extremely long duty day, that is getting you in late. In other words, you are beyond ready to have your room ready, and you end up fighting with the hotel for an hour about the company not having given authorization on the card for incidentals. I was placed in the Courtyard by Marriott at the Philadelphia Airport, with the expectation that I would have this typical experience. Quite the contrary. Rather than presuming that this was not the hotel's problem, and insisting that I produce my personal credit card, like most establishments, they very quickly resolved the issue with my company, and granted me access to a room immediately, while the remaining details were sorted out. This may sound minor, but it makes all the difference in my world. The restaurant also was closing in 15 minutes when I arrived, and I was able to order food to go, while I waited for my company to call back. The restaurant is minimalistic, but my food was very good. Housekeeping was not informed that I was having a late check out, and they were extremely apologetic for knocking at 9:30am. Every member of the staff I spoke to, was extremely helpful and courteous in a situation that I am usually expecting to be very unpleasant. Thanks for the nice stay!
I was at this Courtyard today for a class in one of the meeting rooms. 

I've stayed here in the past and the rooms are pretty standard as you'd find at a Courtyard. Being close to PHL they of course have a complementary shuttle to the airport. The staff is also friendly and helpful. Basically a standard 3 star A-OK rating. 

The meeting room was also pretty standard although a little on the small side. It also would've been nice if they'd refilled the coffee during one of the breaks. Luckily there was coffee available in the lobby because the course information wasn't exactly enthralling and there's no way I would've made it through 8hrs without lots of caffeine. 

Now onto why I'm giving this Courtyard the 4th star. Our mid-morning break was right around the same time as the end of breakfast for the hotel. Being a little hungry I figured what the hell and asked the attendant if I could grab a plate even though I was only there for the conference. She seemed unsure of how to respond so I added that I'm a Marriott Rewards Elite member. I guess that was good enough for her because she told me to go ahead. So since I'm a whore for preferential treatment they're getting an extra star.
Clean hotel. The bathroom had a small smell of smoke to it- even though it's a nonsmoking hotel. We mentioned it to the front desk, they brought up and ozone machine while we were out for the day that eliminated the smell. Great customer service! No other issues with the hotel, we wanted to stay downtown but the rates were way too high. Easy in and out to downtown in about 15-20 minutes. No cost for parking, but it looked like they were going implement parking of $8/day starting in 2015.
Not your average airport hotel, this one was recently rennovated and is staffed with very friendly and helpful employees.

We decided to crash at an airport in Philly proper the night before our flight back to San Francisco so that we wouldn't have to worry about traffic in the morning.  After reading awful reviews for the Embassy Suites and the Sheraton right by the airport, we found a couple good reviews of the Courtyard Marriott and decided to try it.  

We were pleasantly surprised.  It was $119 per night plus tax, and I bought the "stay for breakfast" option which gave us both access to the breakfast buffet (eggs to order, bacon, sausage, biscuits, gravy, coffee, juices, cereal, etc.) for $20.  We also ordered room service which was reasonably priced---2 bottles of Yuengling Lager, a chicken club, and a caesar salad for $26--and really tasty.

There's a sense of class even though the room rates are very reasonable.  The staff is exceptionally polite and friendly and the rooms are very clean and not nearly as tacky as most hotels out there.  

The only glitch was that the 9:30 airport shuttle didn't leave until 9:37, when the driver had to be called after I asked the front desk, but he was very apologetic and explained that he checked for people before going into the back and didn't see anyone.  Since the hotel was at 20% capacity he had only made one trip to the airport since 5am.  As soon as he was radioed by the front desk he came out, so it was really the woman at the front desk who should have asked us if we were waiting for the shuttle and radioed him sooner.  Not a big deal AT ALL, though, we were really satisfied with our stay here.
Nice hotel near the airport.  Very friendly service, soft and comfy beds, and a really good bar/ food area.  The Cobb salad was fantastic- definitely recommend it. The chicken was grilled and not "mystery"
Good prices too.  Free airport shuttle.
Had reservation for two nights 3/21 and 3/22 for business event at hotel.  Called 3/20 very early afternoon to cancel because the event was canceled due to extreme weather conditions coming into the Pennsylvania area.  When I called to cancel I was once again transferred somewhere that seems out of the country..  cancelation fee of $227.81 due to weather event... that's real nice isn't it?  Will never book at a Marriott again !
I've had to stay overnight in Philly a few times recently for some early hospital appointments the next morning.  I chose this hotel when I made my reservation basically on price that day.  The other Marriott hotels were either more expensive (Downtown) or booked.  
I was pleased to find out it was only a 10 min drive to Penn University.  I wasn't exactly sure how far away I would be from everything since I was staying out at the airport.  Plus the staff was above friendly and helpful.
I have more appointments coming up. I will certainly be spending the night here.
Middle of the road Courtyard.  I stayed at the Courtyard at UD in Newark the night before, that property was more plush and great food. 

This PHL property has nicer Tea Tree bath products, but no lotion.  Fitness center is an overstuffed room (cardio equipment and a rack of free weights but no space to use them!).  Room was nice but showed signs of age and wear.  

The only real disappointment is that I made a reservation for the 5 am shuttle, they left without me and they only run limited shuttles every 30 minutes (would not run on request).
Not a "fancy" hotel, but definitely way nicer than I was expecting it to be!

The lobby is very nice and they have a restaurant/bar. All the furniture looks new and it's very clean.

I love the setup of the room. The bathroom is bigger than majority of the courtyards that I've been to. The lighting in the bathroom is good for doing makeup! Everything was nice and clean! I was surprised to find a balcony in the room with a nice little view to a courtyard and the pool.

There is a shuttle that runs to and from the airport, every 30 minutes. Service was great, no complaints on that!
A pleasant surprise! After being stranded in Philly with no flights available until the next day, I booked a room at the Courtyard. I wasn't expecting much...I was tired, hungry and anxious to get home. The staff at the Courtyard were friendly and helpful. I ordered the Pan-Seared Salmon from the Bistro onsite, and to my surprise it was quite tasty. The salmon was cooked to the perfect temperature and the olives gave it a Mediterranean flavor. I was most impressed with the staff at the Bistro. My waiter and bartender went above and beyond! This really is the city of brotherly love!
