This motel has got to be a joke! I reserved the room for one night and thought what the hey, I'm leaving Philadelphia In the morning anyways. Well I thought wrong. 
So I checked in and The lobby is small and very unpleasant. After running my card she informed me the elevator is out. So a guy at the desk offered to carry my suit case up which was probably the only nice thing about that place. I swiped my room key 10 times with no response, so he tells me that sometimes you have to pull the door towards you and he finally gets the door open after 5 swipes. So I walk in the room and am immediately disgusted but what I see. 
The bathroom sink is in the middle of the room, the only window in the room looks into the hall way. The furniture was old and the beds were disgusting. This was by far the nastiest hotel I have stayed in. 
After I sat in the room for about 2 hours and reading the reviews about it I just couldn't take it any more and booked a room by the airport. I highly recommend you do not waste your money on this crack house type of hotel because yes...there also is a homeless rehabilitation center two doors down
I'm currently staying here and it's gross. The cleaning staff is terrible. There was a used bar of soap in the shower!!! Ceiling is falling apart in the bathroom and it's SO DUSTY where the extra toilet paper goes. Staff needs to be fired. Good location but I wish I would have spent the extra money and stayed at the Marriot. Not to mention that the parking garage they partner with is three blocks away. Who wants to walk that much with their luggage?
The price was reasonable. We got 2 rooms for the price of one. The parking situation is horrendous. With a discount it was still about 30 bucks. Since we knew that we would be out until late night we decided to park on the street which was free after 10 pm until 8am that next morning and it worked perfectly. This could work for you as well. The check in was smooth and painless. 

The hotel itself was clean as well as the rooms. The bathrooms werent in the best shape but it was not something out of a horror movie or something. The area that is in is kinda shifty. Its down the street from a 7-11, near the convention center, a couple of blocks from China town and next door to rehab facility. Only in Philly right?

It wasnt that bad but im sure that I wouldnt stay here again.
There are true perks and downfalls of this hotel - you get what you pay for I guess. 

Perks: the hotel is clean, the staff was extremely friendly, the continental breakfast was decent and all you can eat, and the rooms are spaced out well, not an extremely large hotel but location was perfect.

The kicker is, the hotel was HOT. Granted, when we went, it felt like 100 outside everyday. However, when we set the thermostat to 40 degrees in our room, and the room stayed at 80 the entire time, something isn't right. There was also no mini fridge and the closet wasn't really a closet, just some hangers on a wall. 

As mentioned in other reviews, there is a homeless shelter two doors down. However, the people largely avoided us and didn't really even seem to take an interest in us. Nothing to be concerned about. 

Overall, the hotel was great if you're on a budget. As I always say, if you want quality, you're going to Have to pay for it.
I was going to Philadelphia for the very first time to attend a college wrestling event at University of Pennsylvania. We booked a night at this Holiday Inn because it was one of the closer hotels to the site that was reasonably priced. 

After a 4 1/2 hour drive, I arrived at a very basic and relatively small Days Inn located at 1227 Race Street. I pulled over onto Racer (not sure it is even legal) and unloaded my passengers and bags. I then came into the hotel to check-in. The lady at the front the desk was polite and friendly. She found my name, checked me in, and then handed me a piece of paper she referred to as my "parking voucher." I asked where I could park and she told me at either of the parking lots at 10th ave. or 12th ave. Not being from the area and leery of towing regulations in all cities, I asked her what I needed to do with the paper. She said for me to just put it on the dash where it is view-able and I will be fine. When I pulled into the lot, there was a Days Inn emblem on the sign, so I felt safe that I was at the right spot.

Because I am always worried about getting towed when anywhere in a city, I double-checked with the same woman again at about 6:30 PM before we headed out to our event. I verified I was okay at 12th street with the paper she gave me to put on the dash, and she said I was fine.

The next morning, I found a citation. I walked into the hotel and talked to the manager, only to hear a lot of excuses about why this is not their fault. I explained I had verified and clarified with the woman on-duty when I checked-in and after, but they were in full - 'it is your problem' mode. As their customer I assumed they would provide me will the correct information regarding information that is directly relevant to my stay with them. Where I park is directly relevant in my opinion. Giving me a piece of paper they called a "voucher" and telling me to put it on the dash and I would be fine was completely incorrect. Not once did the lady that checked me in suggest I would need to pay, and the term "voucher" sealed the faith that I would be fine.

As far as the hotel and stay - it was okay. The least furnished and most unattractive Days Inn I have ever been to, but it was at least clean. 

The free breakfast consisted of coffee, sliced bread (no bagels or muffins), some cheese cubes, and cereal/milk - of which the milk was questionable. 

My advice is to avoid this Days Inn at all costs. There are too many better options.

P.S. There is a homeless shelter next door, and a line of men do form on the side of the building. However, I passed by several times and there were no issues at all. It actually appeared to be an effective and well-organized program by St. John's. I would encourage anyone with a heart for it to donate.
"If life was Monopoly, this hotel would be Baltic Ave" uttered the guest two minutes after being in the hotel room. Super accurate. The rooms are tiny, the only window faces the hallway. A little dirty looking. 

The air conditioner didn't work when we arrived, but maintenance was quick to come up. The only catch was we were told not to touch the thermostat once he fixed it so that it would not break again. That meant that the room was freezing the whole time.

Good water pressure in the shower and there is a continental breakfast, only ate the fruit and cereal.  

All in all the hotel is awful, but it is pretty cheap and it's right next to the Convention Center. Next time I just won't be sharing the space with three other people. 

P.S there is definitely a room right across from the  check in desk, ensure you don't get that one so you aren't kept up all night by people coming and going.
T he price was reasonable, and I agree it is in a strange area but plenty of students walking by who seem to see it as safe.  The parking is one block away not a mile and it is a bit inconvenient.  The front desk was so helpful and sweet. The clerk was Tiffany and she is ten stars. Breakfast is basic but healthy so no complaints.  The room was only around $100! I had juice, yogurt, milk, cereal and a muffin to go.  The rooms are small but ours was very, very clean with all new fixtures.  The bed was very clean with a pretty bedspread.  Very quiet with a great mattress too. Now I have stayed in rooms that cost hundreds a night so I know the difference but I needed basic and this room served its purpose. I see some older reviews that say it was outdated so it must have been redone recently.  It was a bit hot, and I could not change the temperature, and the wireless was spotty.  I got it on I phone but my daughter could not get it on her laptop. Would I stay here again.  Maybe not but I was not upset with the room. I do like them bigger and fancier but if you are on a budget, this is a safe bet.

Also it is very near Temple.  It maybe took us 15 minutes at rush hour.
Not bad, considering the discount I found on Priceline! 

I essentially booked this room as I knew I would need somewhere to sleep after the (amazing) concert I attended this weekend.  The room was very clean and well-stocked.  It had a bag of Famous Amos chocolate chip cookies, which I was so happy to see as I opened the door.  That immediately added a star to my review.

Yes the neighborhood isn't really flashy, but it is quite close to a lot of stores, restaurants, and all that Center City / Chinatown have to offer.

My only issue was that there was a very strong smell of cleaner in the room.  It was almost like a lemon pine-sol smell.  Not particularly unpleasant, but not particularly pleasant either.  There was also no window to the outside, which I just found to be odd.

All in all, for $86 including fees, I was happy with my stay.
Old,  no closet door,  sink its outside bathroom in the bedroom. The bed quilt is nice. Water pressure is poor in the shower. Complementary water bottles.  The free breakfast is not good. Tiny lobby. You can walk to Convention Center easily.  I will not stay here again.
For a days inn it was a awful experience. Staff doesn't have uniform or any sort of professional attire so you do not know who works there and who doesn't. Parking is slightly far from the hotel and they barely give you a discounted rate. The hotel is also next to a homeless shelter and the area is sketchy. 

There is also only 1 light in the room, no space and gave a motel feeling. To spend $500 for a weekend in this hotel which is across the street from the convention center is disappointing.
Was here for three nights for the Trans Health Conference. The service was great--always kind and courteous, and even called a cab for me when I asked for the number. Felt welcome and safe, again great service, especially for a budget hotel.
This was about the worst hotel I have ever stayed at.  It was more like a hostel than a hotel.  There was a homeless shelter right next door, which didn't bother me, until they congregated at the entrance of the hotel at 5 am in the morning and kept me awake.  I called the front desk 3 times with no answer and then had to get dressed and go down there.  Finally, someone appeared and then went outside to tell them to be quiet.  Unfortunately, that only made them louder.  No security to handle the situation either.

On the first day there, I had to check in at 7am because that's when my flight got in.  They would not accommodate an early check in so I had to pay $114 for a few hours. Then, the clerk at the front desk was chatting away with the rest of the staff very loudly with vacuums running so i couldn't get any sleep. If hotels were not so expensive in the surrounding areas at the last minute, I would have left immediately.  I was exhausted when I was there.  Loud traffic, employees, and homeless people on the street.  What a waste of money.
The guy at the front desk was so genuinely nice and helpful!  And they had a toothbrush and toothpaste for me, and a fridge to hold my food in.
I travel for a living, so you know I've visited my share of hotels over the years. Over 100 a year.. and this is by far the worst hotel I have ever experienced. Rooms feel like you're in a jail cell, the only window in the room like like a foot and a half wide and it looks into the hallway. Nothing outside. No microwave, no fridge, the "free" breakfast is in the basement, horrible food. They ran out of coffee and when I asked about it, they were extremely rude to me.went to use the bathroom, no toilet paper. Don't let me get started about what you'll see when you go outside. By far a horrific experience. Only my 2nd night, 3 more to go, hope it flies by... oh yea. You have a car? Expect to pay an arm and a leg for parking if you can find a spot.
If you get the chance, stay at a different hotel. We figured this was a cheap and last minute place to stay in philly. The lobby was tiny and the front desk attendants were rude. There were stains on the carpets and the hotel reeked. The room was tiny and had a weird set up having the sink outside of the bathroom. Everything felt grimy and dirty. Very disappointed.
If you have any other choice to stay at all, pick that instead and avoid this place at all costs. If you booked a specific room with specific beds, don't count on it- ya get what ya get. And if you have any questions, too bad because the staff is clueless: I spoke to 3 people about validated parking and got 3 different answers and ended up paying at a nearby garage. And if you like this place because of the proximate location- I hope you don't mind walking through the pee tunnel and weaving around the homeless in order to get to city center. Then, when you want to get home for a restful night, you better not have a sense of smell or ears. There's a strange sewage smell in the room that awakes your nostrils. But, don't worry, once the smell fades, you're woken up at all hours of the night because the walls are thin. Oh, and if you're lucky like us, you won't need an alarm clock because Cardi B was blasting next door at 6am. Finally crawling out of bed to take advantage of their complimentary breakfast, we enjoyed the salty, powder eggs and and the goopy/vomit-like oatmeal. The hotel is disappointing, outdated, and should consider some serious renovations. But at least the tv in our room worked?
Every morning at 4:15 AM a trash truck came to the alley right below the window to my room and made sleep impossible.  Then the second day another trash truck came did the same thing at 5:30.   The breakfast is mediocre-no fresh fruit, no waffle maker.  If I want a breakfast that is par with others I have had Hampton Inn (for example) I would have to go up the street and pay.  Also you can not move your luggage from your car on a cart due to stairs.  Also there is no loading area in front of the motel and you must pay for parking, it is expensive, and you can not access your car once you park it.  The only thing good about this hotel is that it is very close to the convention center.
DO NOT STAY HERE !!!!!the beds seemed clean but i saw plenty of burn marks on the comforter from cigarettes and he hotel says it's a smoke free Inn.. I'm a smoker but i don't want burn marks on my bed... i booked for Friday and Saturday since we were seeing Dave Mathews in Camden on Saturday and all the places were expensive but so was this one 185 bucks a night the best thing about the room we were across the street from the reading terminal market... the street it's on smells like Urine and body Oder and that's because it's next to tunnel that houses homeless i have been to philly many times and this area it's nasty and not worth staying in for 185 bucks a night maybe 90... i almost forgot the maid service did a nice job but never gave us more towels to shower with... I'll never stay here again and i would say stay away from it if you can get another place at the same price because i have stayed at some nice days inn
Where do I begin with the remnants of bed bugs on the bed, the cigarette burn in the mattress or hair throughout the sheets? My friend booked a room here because it had the lowest price and didn't do any research before hand. Big mistake. I'm OCD when it comes to bed bugs and always check the mattress at every hotel I stay in. Im especially glad I did at this place! Before even walking into the hotel you know what you're in for, so our disgusting hotel room really didn't come as a huge shock. I don't need to stay anywhere fancy but clean sheets are a must. The only good thing about this place was the women at the front desk, they were very nice about the situation and said we would be getting our money back in a few days, hopefully that happens. We ended up staying at the Marriott right nearby. Take my advice and spend a couple extra dollars at one of the nearby hotels. ( or the homeless shelter that's right next door to this hotel.) Thank you to the women working there for being so accommodating!
It's a small hotel on the back side of the Convention Center. Nothing fancy, but serves the purpose for busy travelers who just need a place to crash at night. It's not a place for leisure stay. The room is quite small and the faucet for the shower does not work well. The guest room do have AC, but mine stopped working for half day. The lobby and the hall do not have AC. When it gets to 90 degree, it's very uncomfortable in the hall and lobby. The hotel does provide free continental breakfast. It's nothing fancy, but something simple to get your day started. With all that said, the guest service was good. Staff were nice and helpful.
