The front desk people were rude and did not understand English very well.  They wouldn't let us upgrade the room when they messed up our reservations even though we were willing to pay the difference, but they literally wouldn't let us upgrade, so half of us had to sleep on the floor.  (The maid staff was nice though).  The room was clean but musty and just FYI the free breakfast is a toaster and bread.
I don't need a lot of amenities but when staying in a hotel, I'd like some semblance of safety and cleanliness. To give some perspective, the check in desk and employees are encased behind bulletproof glass in the lobby. Needless to say, this did not put me at ease. My room was on the first floor and there was a 5 inch gap between the window and curtain that anyone could easily look through, even when casually walking by. When I turned on the shower, amber/brown water spurted out before eventually turning clear.

I felt uncomfortable and uneasy about my safety here, and honestly, doesn't that defeat the whole point of finding shelter in a hotel? I ended up leaving the same night to find other accommodations. I would say this is possibly one step above sleeping in your car....and I say "possibly" because at least in my car, I wouldn't have to worry about bed bugs. 

Avoid this place unless you are desperately out of options.
The workers are extremely incompetent. The place was filthy dirty the walls were peeling the rooms were very old dilapidated furniture.. Very disgusting place I would never ever stay there. Nor would I ever recommend it to anyone.
The room we stayed in had urine in the shower as well as someone else's hair still in the shower and sink as well as one of the beds. Terrible customer service. I would never stay there again. Go somewhere cleaner.
Worst hotel I have stayed in so far. 
Bed sheets had holes in them.
No power points to charge phones, had to unplug a lamp to connect charger.
Parking lot was slippery, management had not spread any de-icer.
Breakfast was extremely weak coffee, cereal and a few muffins.
Wasn't overly nice, but it served its' purpose for a place to stay overnight. 
Cons: Husband and I came in, there was plaster work being done on the walls in our hallway and it was left a mess when the workers left for the night. We couldn't find an outlet to plug our phones in, then finally found one we could barely reach behind the bed. We had to unplug all the lights to use the outlet. The bed was hard and the quilt was very old and scratchy. Bright lights from outside shined in our faces even with the curtains closed. The continental breakfast was basically cereal, toast, muffins, coffee and OJ. My husband is 6'3" and had to bend to put his head under the shower head.
Pros: quiet and clean. No evidence of bed bugs, no dust and the bathroom was very clean.
Filthy, dirty, disgusting, revolting hotel.  Broken furniture, dirty towels on the floor, smashed cockroach on the wall (!!!), stains on the furniture, bathroom dirty, towels and bedding with holes in them, dirty hand prints on the walls, pervasive cigarette smell, and that was just our room.  For hours at night the "security" guard could be heard yelling at his female friend.  The first floor window was left open all night, the hallway carpeting was stained throughout, the "breakfast" was some bread in bags and packaged cornbread.  The staff lined up with the guests to get their breakfast at the same time.  When I called the front desk the guy answered with a, "Yeah?"  I had my deep suspicions just by driving through the neighborhood to get there.   Then parking in the back in front of a sign that stated that your car could be broken into or stolen.  The clerk sat behind a 1" thick piece of bullet-proof glass.  

NASTY!!!!
Don't waste your time or your money. Apparently, after already booking my stay here, a friend let me know that this hotel is known for its "shortstays" and hourly rates for sketchy characters. And it only took one look around this hotel for me to believe him.

Just from check-in, I knew we'd have a problem. The guy at the front desk was very rude and impatient. He wasn't the accommodating, welcoming type we've gotten used to as Hilton Honors members. But we were in town for just one night and didn't want to bother paying Hilton prices so we tried here. I guess that's what we get. I mean I wasn't expecting Hilton AT ALL but staying here isn't even like a cozy neighbors house. There seems to be no kind of knowledge of hospitality.

Let's start with the fact that my non smoking room smelled like smoke, I used toilet paper to cover the toilet every time I had to pee, and me nor my bf felt brave enough to actually sleep under the covers or shower here. The carpet looks like it hasn't been changed or cleaned since 1972. The dingy bed comforter has a similar look and overall dankness. No fresh hotel whites here. Not to mention the slew of men hanging out in the lobby and right outside the entry at all hours of the night. I felt like a cheap whore just breathing the air of this hotel. The walls are paper thin. You can hear the person in the room next to you coughing. And I was awaken by a bunch of tomfoolery in the hallway. I could hear the groups entire conversation from my bed. Don't demean or disrespect yourself by getting anywhere near this place. A stay here isn't even good for one night's sleep. And isn't that the point of a hotel?

What a place lacks in amenities can be made up for in amazing customer service. This place has neither. Nor does it care to have either. And they'd be doing everyone a favor to tear this hotel down.
As usual, let me start with some general negative comments:
1. So glad to see that the average rating is a deservedly 1 star.
2. If i could give it a 0 star... you get the drift.

1. The curtains do not fully cover the window. As a result, bright, white street light shines through the window after your turn off the lights. Try to get a good night with that!

2. No power outlets! I counted. There are 3 outlets/6 sockets in my king bed room. 1 outlet is behind the bed. 1 outlet is behind the TV. 1 outlet is under the desk in the corner. These are the worst places to put outlets. Furthermore, there are 4 lights and 1 TV in the room, so 5 out of the 6 sockets are used up. The unused socket is behind the TV. If you've got multiple devices to charge up, you need to bring your own power strip!

3. Room service disrupted my sleep everyday!!! I stayed there for 3 days. Everyday, I had the "Do Not Disturb" sign on the door knob. Every morning, around 9am, the service man would bang my door and yell "hello? hello?" until I got up, opened the door, and told him that I didn't want any room service. Why would he do that? Doesn't he understand the meaning of the "Do Not Disturb" sign? Here is my theory. In most hotels/motels, room service teams start cleaning in the morning. But, they keep coming back throughout the day, because some customers wake up really late, take down the signs, and expect their rooms to be cleaned. So, in most hotels, room service teams would work in and out until late afternoon, until all the rooms that need cleaning are cleaned. In this hotel, the room service man (the same fucking dude) doesn't want to come back in the afternoon. He doesn't want to check if your signs will be put down. He wants to do morning shift only. So, he doesn't mind ruining your mornings just to confirm that you don't expect a room service later in the day. Guess what? You don't see the room service team ever in the afternoon.

4. "Continental Breakfast" is what you would expect in a homeless shelter. They should change their sign to say "Breakfast". The current sign, which says "Continental", is misleading customers.

Two ups:
1. The security guards are very courteous, making up for the bad attitudes of the front desk people.
2. Free WiFi was relatively fast.
the worst motel I've ever been to
its dirty the staff doesn't care who wqlks through there 
the bedding is nasty
that little ramp you walk up on is dirty
its just horrible 
I was scared to sleep under the blankets
I only stayed here because it is near my sister's place. Unfortunately, I will probably have to stay here again sometime in the future. My girlfriend won't sleep on the bed without our her bed sheets and comforter. I'm a little more easy going.  It was the holidays and traffic was crazy and I had no other place to stay at. 

Crash here and get out. Only stay here if you're in a pinch, no one WANTS to stay here.
Oh why hello there mr. awkwardly smiling Indian man standing behind the bullet proof windowed reception table. 


NOPE! Not having any of it! 

Company reserved a room for me and I peace'd out after checking in and realizing that I'll probably get bed bug bites if I stayed over night. Yes, I drove up 40 miles to the posh township of Princeton and stayed the night there. Yea I admit that I slept on my friends floor but it sure was better than what I would've endured there.
This place SUCKS. No fridges, no microwaves, and everyone who works here is rude. Our key didn't work several times and every time we went to the front desk we got attitude. Definitely never staying here again.
Fortunately ..unfortunately this place is all about location. This place is ran by Indians who are rude and definitely lacking customer service skills. If you continue 25 minutes north on the Blvd the hotels are half the price and surely a lot better!!! It clearly states on the website military discount and I was refused the discount when checking in which goes to show how much Indians appreciate my service to the country they live in. Very noisy, the smell of weed is present nothing special at all!! Find another hotel and I will not be returning.
I was amazed how ghetto it was.  the rooms themselves were not terrible, truth be told.  the lobby was dingy as were the halls.  Breakfast bar is in a little tiny closet sized room with no windows. "Continental Breakfast" consists of 2 kinds of dry cereal, wonder bread, corn muffins.  Philadelphia has so many wonderful bakeries, I don't know why this Days Inn couldn't have upped their game and sprung for bagels or something a little better than wonder bread
This is one of the most dangerous places to stay in the Philadelphia area. Several high profile crimes have gone down here over the years. The surrounding neighborhood is absolutely abysmal. Do yourself and your loved ones a favor by staying somewhere else.
Oh my god. This place. I feel like the only word that could describe it would be...ratchet. People do not care at all about how loud they are being. They literally have a security guard with a bullet proof vest, gun, etc. in front of the front door....like COME ON. Not to mention, you can simply look at the photos and see for yourself how old and used and stained and...Seriously I can't get over the XL sticker on the bathroom. WHO....why even bother. This was the BIGGEST waste of money ever but the only positive that came out of this was I learned to 100% check and TRUST Yelp. I learned I need to research the area FOR SURE before just choosing a decent price hotel and purchasing. I would say you get what you pay for to myself but man, I didn't even get what I paid for!
