Hot damn there are some heated reviews on here. I almost feel lucky to walk away unscathed from this hotel. Luckily, we didn't have any of the problems as cited in other reviews. The location is... airport, so I won't hold that against them. Walking in I was surprised, it's actually a pretty rad lobby with a bar and restaurant off to your right. Should you need some air from your room, you can sit out here and relax, np. Check-in was quick and front desk staff was polite. The room itself was pretty chill too. Sizable bed and bathroom with plenty of space for a desk, chair, and other items. Honestly, there were really no issues with the room at all. Maybe I got a renovated one. It should be noted that this hotel has one of those everything is outside/inside kind of feels. Your door is in a hallway overlooking the lobby, your balcony is overlooking the pool (if facing that way), which is interesting. Overall, a perfectly adequate stay if you don't mind the off-beat location. 

Lame: Wifi $12/day. Gross.
I have now stayed here twice in the past six months for multiple nights each time. I do not know how this is a Marriott property. This has to be one of the absolute worst hotels in Marriott's chain of usually quite consistently nice hotels. Renaissance is usually a very good brand. This hotel is just : dirty almost filthy and very run  down. Everything from the walls; to inside the elevators; to the menus in the restaurant is reeking of filth.
The first time I stayed here about two months ago, my husband had business and his flight was coming in after my own, they were very kind in letting me check in early. That was a plus I was grateful for , as I had just flown a redeye trip from LAX to PHL. His status gained us an upgraded room and on the Concierge Level too. I only wanted sleep! I was grateful for even being allowed to check in with out my husband. I did make it into the Concierge Lounge too before they closed at 1000am and the breakfast was nice . Lots of protein options to go with the usual carb items. 
The room was like this past stay, run down. It left a whole lot to be desired. The walls have peeling wall paper in places and stains all over. The bathroom floor had a spill that had accumulated dirt over the stickiness. This time my husband and I were in a standard room and he called several times for someone to either move us or tend to the very loud vent/ac in the bathroom that was just beyond loud with a loud rickety clacking sound to go along with the loud blowing that NEVER.WENT.OFF. Call after call and finally my husband said he was giving them an hour to fix it , move us and while they figured it out: drinks were on them in the lounge. The lounge/restaurant is a disgrace too. The Dorsey is in need of major management. I asked for a wine list. I got the same response I got on my last visit , ( mind you many weeks have past!), 'we don't have most of the wines listed'. The waiter said he would just tell me what they had , which was three wines! I asked for a sparkling wine , he brought me a J Roget which is God awful stuff. Sorry. Call me a snob if you want. I won't pay more than 10 cents for that junk. I asked if he had a Sauvignon Blanc. NO clue what I was getting; and I was, in fact, charged $14 smacks for it. The last time I was here , I dined alone and took my food to my room. I ordered the Chicken Parmesan. It was tasteless and was a big glob of stuff for $20+. This time I refused to eat here because if the tables are sticky and the menus are splattered , well, I can only imagine what is behind the kitchen door! My husband and I went to downtown PHL and had dinner. We came back and there was that noise again; it had been fixed as my husband saw the maintenance guys fixing it when he went back up to the room before we left for downtown. He thanked, Elizabeth, at the front desk and she offered us lunch or dinner on her at The Dorsey. We didn't take her up on that. It was nice that she offered though. 
The modern, art deco decor in the lobby in no way matches the grandmother drapery look decor in the corridors. I don't even understand this hotel. The maids riding the elevators with guests with cleaning supplies in hand when the elevators already move at a snails pace?! I do like the shuttle drivers! The Concierge Lounge is average and had fish on top of an app with no refrigeration ! Pass on food poisoning, thank you! I do like the wine there though and when the water bottles are stocked, that's nice too! 
All in all, save your coins and go to another nicer, cleaner property. This is on par with price of higher end in this area and doesn't even deliver on low end scale. Trust me.. PHL near the airport is my second home. Return factor to here is a giant N O. I like to feel clean when I sleep.
***The Philadelphia Renaissance Airport Hotel is in desperate need of a renovation (the hotel management did indicate a major makeover is in the works); the customer service is very good and it is an easy drive to get to the Philadelphia sports stadiums and arenas, but it just does not feel like a nice and fresh hotel for business or leisure travel; I would wait until the hotel gets its facelift before staying here for Philadelphia travel***

I do not have that much experience with full-service Marriott brand hotels at the airport, but I would put this one a notch below the St. Louis Airport Renaissance.  That Renaissance featured an out-of-date exterior, but once inside the rooms, it was very modern (consistent with other Renaissance hotels I have stayed at).

This Renaissance close to the Philadelphia Airport had a very outdated exterior, but once inside, it did not get any better.  The lobby was very old-fashioned.  There was some family event going on and they were showing Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire on a projection screen, which did not look that great since the lobby was not dark enough.

The elevators were outdated and the carpet was awful.  The rooms were clean and comfortable.  The linens were fresh and crisp even if the rooms were not that modern (the bedrooms and bathrooms were more modern than the rest of the hotel).

The room was satisfactory except for the Wi-Fi.  It was hard getting into the hotel's network.  Once I was connected, the Wi-Fi would be fine, but I kept getting booted out of the Wi-Fi after my laptop or iPad went to sleep.  I had to try and re-connect to their Wi-Fi and it would often take several tries before successfully connecting to the hotel's network.

Like a lot of the hotel, the 24-hour fitness center was out-of-date.  Several of the treadmills were very old.

For Marriott Gold and Platinum members, this Renaissance has a Concierge Lounge.  The Concierge Lounge served a good breakfast.  Though no breakfast meat was available, the scrambled eggs were good--moist and not soupy (topped with fresh herbs too).  Other options included muffins, breads, bagels, danishes, oatmeal, and a good variety of cereals.

Night offerings were not as good.  Like the St. Louis Renaissance, their featured item was chicken wings, but they were inferior to the already mediocre St. Louis ones.  There was not much meat and they had a sickly look to them.  The cheese felt like it had been sitting out for too long because the cheese got a few hard and dry edges.

There was also the standard crudité, which did include a variety of  vegetables--squash, asparagus, celery, carrot, and cherry tomato.  Unfortunately, the raw vegetables were not that fresh (especially the celery, which was a little brown).

Desserts consisted of an assortment of below average cookies.  The Concierge Lounge itself was comfortable.

Service was very good.  The entire staff was friendly and always looking to help.  The hotel management indicated that this hotel is undergoing a massive renovation so this Renaissance might be more fitting with the Renaissance brand soon.

Room rates were reasonable for the weekend though their weekday rates seem very high for the quality of the hotel.

The Renaissance Philadelphia Airport Hotel is a very out-of-date hotel.  While the service is very good and it is a quick drive to the Philadelphia sports stadiums / arenas, this Renaissance Philadelphia Airport Hotel has kind of a depressing feel, which does not make it a great spot for business or leisure travel.  It might be worth considering once they complete their makeover.

Parking is complimentary in the open lot attached to the hotel.  It can be difficult finding an open space close to the hotel.
Um, oh my goodness! Is this the Bates Motel? Their saving graces were the NICEST STAFF EVER, decent food and a lovely main lobby area. With a name like the Renaissance, you'd expect luxury and high-quality. Definitely not with this place. I knew I was going to be arriving past midnight (with my daughter), so I opted for us to stay at an airport hotel. I got a decent deal for 1-night here. It's sad to say, but I think I would have done better sleeping at the airport. Walking into the big, beautiful lobby made me think that this hotel was gonna be amazing. I decided not to look at the Yelp reviews for this 1-night stay because it was just for a single night's stay. As Sandra Bullock said it best in the "Speed" movie - "Big Mistake, Big"! I am sorry I didn't. Before writing this, I read the responses of the management that the hotel will be undergoing a renovation at the end of this year. I understand that airport hotels don't need to be amazing because they are usually for people that need to have close proximity to get to and from airport. Upon arriving into my room, I could hardly believe my eyes at how extremely outdated this room was. When was the last update? The carpets were filthy. I did not even want to accidentally drop dirty clothes on the floor. There was no hand soap, body soap, floor towel, tissues, refrigerator (every hotel should have one) and no free wi-fi. So, the towels looked very unclean (off-white & a little damp, when I went to grab one from the rack), the wallpaper was peeling, the wall socket was a little squishy when I pushed down on it, the shower curtains had all sorts of stains on it, beds were really low and the sink & toilet were really low, too. After seeing pics about bed bugs, I was freaked to even lay down on the bed. I kept all zippers for all my bags closed, in case bugs were lurking. Honestly, I could not wait until morning to get outta there. This kinda put a sour taste in my mouth about Renaissance hotels now. Thanks, guys.
I had to stay here because Delta had to hook it up with a free  room due to having my  flight  canceled due to a maintenance  problem, this was their over flow to the more full closer hotels. 

Hotel was newly renovated, which it looked pretty nice except that I posted a pic of the front lobby and everyone on facebook agreed that the wall art looked like semen looking to fertilize an egg, which I have to believe was what the artist motivation. 

The rooms were actually very large, they looked a little dated but they had some sweat ass Aveda products, very impressive. 

What was really weird was a lady opened the door to my room in the middle of the night while I was sleeping, I was not dreaming, but I'm pretty sure she was a flight attendant.   I'm guessing the hotel messed up and gave her my room, because her key worked. I could see how this could have been a big issue if roles were reversed. 

Nice bar and restaurant, probably my least favorite Philly cheese steak in Philly, $17, but if I was in the west coast I would probably say it was pretty good, it was much too bready. Bartender was very nice and attentive, nice selection of beer. 

Very nice coffee bar, I like that they had a shuttle to and from the airport, though plan accordingly, I some how had to wait about 35 minutes and was worried I would miss my flight.
Our family has been a Marriott member for some years now. We stay at the Renaissance every time one is available. The New Orleans location is top notch! 
Sadly, the same CANNOT be said for their Philly location. I will just start at the top and work my way down to the the last and worst incident...
1. Our room was not throughly cleaned between guests. Sticky tables, mirror was smeared and the bathroom crevices are filthy.$
2. Our room was not properly stocked with essentials
3. We stayed 4 days, 3 nights - our room was only cleaned once and no, we didn't stay in the room all day. We were out all day everyday at rugby tournaments.
4. The AC doesn't work so instead of fixing it the repair guy, I swear to god, brought us a box fan. Looks like something you would see in a warehouse.
5. They couldn't keep the elevators working - AT ALL
Long waits which resulted in 10 or more people being crowded into a single elevator.
FiINALLY
6. The wait staff, all but one woman, was horrible. The hostess being the most hate filled person I have come a across in a long time. I won't say this place hates peoples of non-color but I will provide you with an example. We sat at our table for several maybe ten minutes and no one spoke to us. No hi, no drink orders no nothing. Finally, I resulted to asking a waitress from the previous day to get us beverages (the only decent human working there today). She happily took our order and then told the hostess and our actual waitress. None of them bothered to come over and as a result she got our drinks. That was the last time we spoke to another employee until the end. Not the last time someone came to our table though. As a matter fact, the hostess came by but only to show extreme frustration with us b/c our 2 year old spilled cream on the floor. She actually leaned on our table with non cleansed hands and used a napkin to foot clean the spill!!!! Now, you might be thinking well that's just bad service, has nothing to do with skin color BUT EVERY SINGLE TABLE around us was greeted, offered drinks and repeatedly checked on. While we sat at our table INVISIBLE. We were literally the ONLY Caucasian family in the entire place. So, I will let you, the reviewer of this post, make up your own mind. I did actually point this out right as we were leaving and was threatened with actual violence by the hostesses friends. Whole other story and if I could repeat that moment I would have called the police. 
ALSO, when I told the hostess this would be going on Yelp she said, "SO"...
I had quite the unforgettable experience at the Renaissance. After coming back from Europe, I had to stop in Philly before connecting to NYC, only there was one huge problem preventing me from doing that: Hurricane Irene. Thankfully, my gf's mom booked us this place on the flight over from Europe and the shuttle picked us right from the international terminal at Philadelphia International. 

Long story short, Irene flooded every access road to the Renaissance. To the point where no foot or vehicular traffic could make it in or not. All the employees were stuck here just like everyone else in the hotel. Even with these conditions, the daily routine of this place continued to go on and everyone, from the front desk folks, to the cleaning staff to the GM, continued to do their jobs diligently and proudly, even though some were stuck in the hotel for 3 days straight. The food stayed up to snuff, room service and cleaning continued to go on without a hitch - even though one of the worst storms in recent memory was whipping around outside. 

Eventually I made it out of there, waded through some disgusting flood water and made it to the airport. Some cons definitely are the fact that WiFi isn't free and is not cheap either. Our room, although nice and spacious, had a really small tube TV which I could barely see while sitting on our bed. We also had trouble accessing their in-demand movie service. The phones in our room was seemed to be on the fritz as well. All those cons lead to a star off. However, their indoor pool is pretty sweet, their restaurant has a pretty good menu and the chef seems to know what he/she is doing. The one thing I'll take away from my unlikely visit here was the service. 5 stars all around, they really do go out of their way for you here.
To be honest,
When I first came here I was leaning more towards 4/5 because it's a beautiful hotel. The lobby is decadent, the bar is fun and the staff is incredibly nice. 
And if it wasn't for those things, I'd rate this place a 1. I'm not sure what kind of bugs are these but THIS IS NOT OKAY! I don't care how nice your lobby, beds or ceiling fixtures are. It's disgusting and something must be done. 
A picture will be attached but if it wasn't for my job making me stay here I'd go somewhere else. 
Please, if you read this! Take care of it!
Pros:
- This place is being renovated
- They have a decent sized pool
- The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful
- There is strawberry pineapple water in the lobby
- The rooms are really large
- The hotel is by the airport
- They have Aveda toiletries

Cons:
- The hotel feels dingy and old
- The room didn't really feel very clean

This hotel ended up being fine for what it was. It wasn't the nicest hotel I've ever stayed at...but it wasn't the worst. I think that once they renovate the place, it'll be a much better place to stay.
This was one of the worst hotels I've ever stayed at. Outside of a wonderful woman with braids at the front desk, the rest of the staff wasn't exceptional at all. The room smelled weird, sort of like sitting water. The pool didn't have any towels left and we had to ask for some 3 times before they came (at 8:45 when the pool closes at 9). This hotel is near the airport and the lobby is visually appealing, that is literally the only good thing about it. Definitely not worth the money at all and if you are thinking of staying here you'd definitely get more bang for your book staying at the holiday inn, motel 6 or red roof inn down the street. They also charge you $10 per day to park your own car.
We had a good laugh tonight.  We were deciding to stay downtown Philly at the Marriott or Renaissance by the airport.  We chose the Renaissance because it was close to Valley Forge and close to the downtown historic sites.  Well, we read the reviews and said "nah - things can't be that bad."  I was wrong... We asked for an upgraded room and got a King Suite - well, other than being a little dirty (towels stained, sheets stained and the bathroom shower area needed to be cleaned) - the AC was a little humid- so i turned it down to 66 and waited (we read other reviews about this).  I had to call for someone to check the AC.  A gentlemen came up and said "feels great in here" and handed me a fan!   He opened up the AC and swapped the filter and said it was a chiller problem and that the fan should help for the big room.  And eager to get to bed after coming from McLean's Tyson Marriott - i said i'll find a place for the fan and just be done.  Well, he left and i went to find a place for the fan ... Check out our pictures and you'll know why my wife were laughing hysterically!  Sure - give me a fan... How would you plug it in?

Sorry - i can't recommend this Renaissance.  Atlanta Renaissance and Florida Sea World Renaissance are awesome!  And by the way, i spend about half my year in hotels!
This is by far the most disgusting hotel in which I've ever stayed.  Staff have been generally friendly, but have to work at it.  My guess is that when you're working in an environment like this, it's hard to feel good about things.

When I arrived at my room the door was open.  I knocked to see if anyone was actually in the room.  A person from engineering was down the hall, so I asked him to check.  He said this was normal and that housekeeping sometimes leaves the door open after checking the room.  Bizarre to say the least!

The following morning I went up to the concierge lounge to get some coffee.  My key didn't work.  Down to the front desk I traveled and was given two new keys.  The woman said they likely won't work in the lounge, because it closes at 0900. I rode the elevator back up to the lounge and the key did work.  The place was in shambles and breakfast was being cleared away.  I went back to the lounge for coffee at 1100 and the machine was full.  It wouldn't dispense any coffee until it was cleaned.  After notifying the front desk, someone finally arrived to clean out the machine.  By the way, the three newspapers in the lounge were from the previous day.

The room was dingy and dated.  According to some staff a renovation is planned this summer.  Right now, the cleanest spots appear to be the stairwells.  I'm requesting a refund from Marriott.
There are bedbugs, elevators that appear unfinished, and a creepy abandoned pool. I stayed here as part of a conference, and would not have chosen this hotel if it were up to me.
DO NOT STAY HERE, THERE ARE BED BUGS: Had to leave in the middle of the night because the hotel is infested with bed bugs. One was crawling on my father in laws leg when he got up from bed. The waitress at the only restaurant they have in the hotel told me not to order MULTIPLE dishes. Only 1 elevator was in service...the keycards don't open the hotel doors until the 15th time. Why this hotel hasn't been shut down by the health department is beyond me. Please stay away.
I feel like I got very little from the Renaissance Hotel for how much I paid. I was disappointed that they charge for Wifi and the room was expensive. 

Another reviewer mentioned a AAA discount. We asked and they said they didn't offer that. We also did not get any chocolates on the bed or anything like that. 

We were staying in Philadelphia on our road trip for 2 nights and could have stayed here for that second night. We switched to the Aloft hotel up the road, even closer to the city and got a better deal and way more perks.
the price is good and it's conveniently close to the airport and freeway. Yet the housekeeping is bad... stayed there for 4 nights but my water, coffee, and other complimentary stuff only got refilled once. by the 3rd night I ran out of coffee and the glasses and cups were not replaced with clean ones.  Never stayed in a 3-star and above hotels like this.
Based on the previous reviews, this hotel has a bit of a history.  It's now branded as a Delta Hotel, part of the Marriott portfolio.

There isn't a whole lot surrounding the hotel but there's a manmade pond and very large parking lot.  This property was meant to be a business park but that never materialized, so the hotel charges for parking and offers Park & Fly packages.  This property had the cheapest Park & Fly Rate out of all the Marriott properties surrounding the airport, so I booked it.

Parking and checkin was a breeze.  When I got to my room, I could tell it had been newly renovated.  The bed was super comfortable, the shower had good water pressure (it was one of the outdated tub setups but whatever), and there was a large chair next to the window overlooking the pond.  Very nice room.

The hotel has an atrium type setup.  Unfortunately, that means noise travels entirely too easily.  I heard other guests being loud late into the night, the walls were super thin.  Not the best when I'm trying to get a good night's sleep before an early morning flight.

If the price is right, I'd consider it again, otherwise, I may give one of the other Marriott properties around PHL a shot.

UPDATE: the hotel charged me for a day of parking ($12) even though I booked a package which included parking.  I brought it to the attention of the front desk when I returned from my trip and they promised they would correct it.  That never happened.  10 days later, I called the hotel and pressed the option to be transferred to their accounting department.  They said they would credit the $12 and the credit appeared a few days later.  Why couldn't the front desk process a $12 credit on the spot when I brought it to their attention the first time?  Also, as of today, my Marriott Bonvoy points still haven't posted to my account.  While this could be an issue with Marriott, I've stayed at Marriott properties 30+ nights in the last 6 months and have NEVER had this issue, and judging from the other problems I ran into, I'm inclined to believe the hotel is at least partially at fault.
The decor in the lobby is great! The hallways are a little dated, good thing I don't sleep in the hallways.  The rooms aren't the best I have ever seen but the bed was comfy and the sheets were fresh.
  The breakfast was good, and the restaurant staff was super nice.  Actually I didn't meet a staff memeber that wasn't nice, from the shuttle driver to the front desk manager.

I don't think I'll stay here the next time I come. I could have booked the same price with nicer rooms.  

Oh and guys... can you fix the ice machines!!!
CAREFUL! There's a reason this place doesn't say "Renaissance by Marriott". They lost their Marriott affiliation because they couldn't keep up with their standards. It's a pretty bad hotel and I'm really not that picky as a traveler. The lobby is deceiving because it's fairly nice once you walk in. 

My room was so shitty. It had one of those inside balcony deals, directly below the entrance to some large conference rooms. I was awake with the hotel staff at 5AM once they began setting up a massive breakfast buffet. It was so loud it sounded like it was being set up in my room. The bathroom was just sad. The vanity counter top is fit for someone that's 4 feet tall. The caulking in the shower had mildew all over it and wasn't very clean. The shower curtain had mildew on it too and that pink film/bacteria that you often see in bathrooms.

There were some positives, surprisingly. My bed was comfortable and the sheets felt pretty good. The AC in the room worked like a champ. The staff was okay enough and they have a shuttle that will take you to the airport that's 5 mins away. It runs pretty frequently so it didn't seem like you had to wait too long. 

Overall it was like stepping back in time, so if you're okay with feeling like you are staying in a 1995 hotel, you may not mind it.
Infested with beg bugs, that's all I'm going to say because that's all that matters. DO NOT STAY HERE!
DO NOT STAY HERE!!! Bed bugs and poor management pretty much sums up my experience here. I checked into the Renaissance on July 31 for a 2 night stay. Upon check in, the lobby was just as the pictures depicted however the rooms were very outdated. Upon entering the room, there was a smell of old wet clothes and 2 flies buzzing around in the room however my boyfriend and I were just too excited for the upcoming weekend in Philly that we did not call to request a different room as we wouldn't be staying in the room much besides to sleep. When I woke up the next morning, I noticed I had a few red marks on my thigh. My boyfriend thought I must be crazy to think that a hotel under the Marriot name would have bed bugs so he brushed it off although I was quite bothered physically and emotionally with the itching and the mere thought of bed bugs. The following day, I found more bites on my ankles and arm. Having stayed in more than 20 different Marriot properties, I myself did not want to believe it could possibly be bed bugs and continued to try to enjoy the weekend away. The following day after checking out, I called and spoke to the front desk receptionist to speak to the manager and was told that someone would call me by the end of the day. No call. After giving more than 24 hours for the manager to return my call, I called again. There were numerous excuses as to why I did not receive a call back, one being that I gave the wrong room number and he could not find my name on the reservation. During my initial phone call, my telephone number was given and confirmed by the receptionist however William, stated he did not have the correct number. He informed me that a guest was staying in the room and he would not be able to perform an investigation until after the weekend, which would be 4 days from when we talked. I explained to him that I thought that it was careless for him not to inform the other guests in the room and move them to another room so that the investigation could occur immediately. His excuse was that a claim of bed bugs is a sensitive matter and he did not want to alarm the other guest. I then asked for his email address so that I may send pictures of my legs, arms and foot area where I counted well over 50 bites. A week later I called William again to follow up as I did not hear the results of the investigation. He stated that the investigation did come back positive for bed bugs and he ensured me that the entire stay would be refunded. I explained to him my frustrations with his follow up as a manager from my initial phone call to me having to call him to get updates on top of the constant itching and welts from the bed bugs. Another week passes by with no refund or call. I called the billing department who stated there was nothing performed for the reversal of charges. I then called William again who stated that he thought he made the request however if it was not processed, he would make sure that it was done today. A total of 3 weeks after my stay and all I have are the marks from the bed bugs and extreme frustration due to an inefficient manager whose job performance was far from mediocre and was less than poor.
Thank goodness they are renovating this place and till then i'll stick to this view. 
It's very close to the airport which is great if thats what you need and thats the only thing going for this place right now.  

The people working the front desk were just there, they didn't really say much about anything....not even a "Welcome to The Renaissance". I would of liked to get a run down of some few tips or facts about the hotel or maybe surrounding area like "the pool is open till" or "or free cookies at midnight" but no, I got nothing.

The rooms are old as sin looking from the carpet to the chairs. The bathroom was gross feeling and the tub didn't drain well so when taking a shower my feet/legs were also taking a bath which I guess could be a bonus for some people by not me....ick! They did have nice bath towels and Aveda toiletries which was nice.

I was really tired and can't even remember if the bed was comfortable or not but the rooms were a good size. My room view was strange, I'm not even sure what I was looking at, it looked like I was looking down to the lobby, I have no idea.

In the morning there was free do it yourself coffee bar.

I don't know when they will be done with the renovation but unless you want to feel like your camping wait till they are done.
My boyfriend and I stayed for an overnight the weekend prior to Thanksgiving as it was a convenient location proximal to the airport after a long travel day. Initial appearances were impressive- this hotel looks very luxurious and modern! Beautiful lobby, our room was lovely and spacious, front desk clerk upon check in was courteous and kind. We had dinner in the bar and while the food wasn't anything to write home about, the bar staff were attentive and we enjoyed the atmosphere...
       It wasn't until we returned to the room that I had turned over the white comforter to discover giant disgusting brownish lipstick stains on the underside, under the bottom of the duvet cover, as if someone was probably trying to hide it (See picture). I'm really not that picky but unfortunately I could not unsee this, and could only imagine what else might be lurking under there, so I called the front desk to request a new comforter, they said they would send up housekeeping.  While we were waiting, with new eyes I looked at the chaise, and realized that the arm of it was covered with a large obvious whitish stain of I really don't want to know what!!! Gross. ( I have pictures but have decided to spare you all). After approximately 45 minutes, it was getting late and nobody had come by the room. So we called again, and this time they said they would send security to help us with our blanket? We answered the door to a young man and apologized for complaining, but he took one look at the blanket and said " That's gross, I don't blame you." He took the gross blanket away. Here is the kicker. He returns about 20 minutes later, and tells us he can't find any other available comforters in the hotel? Even better: he DOESN'T EVEN WORK AT THE HOTEL- he is contract security and has no idea why they sent him up to deal with this!!!! God bless this sweet guy, he tried, he brought us a stack of clean duvet covers instead, and an old thin blanket so we would have something to keep us warm!! It was laughable, but he felt terrible and I really appreciate him trying!!! We were exhausted so we just cranked the heat and I layered 4 duvet covers + weird foam blanket and we slept, but it felt stupid when we paid a decent price for this place- its not like it was a Motel 6. 
      Due to our experience, I would definitely say that this place needs to tighten it up. I really can't recommend staying here.
This hotel should be ashamed of itself with a Marriott name. The room was filthy, the carpeting was heavily stained, the stand up lighting fixture had broken shades, the closet door would not open, the furniture was vintage Salvation Army. Don't get me started on the bathroom. The floors were filthy, the vanity counter came up to my thighs so that we had to bend down to use the sink.The toilet was practically at floor level, making it very difficult to stand up.The nicest thing about this hotel was the service that the people gave.  This is the second worst dump we have ever stayed in, and we travel a lot.

The van driver was very nice, but she had a disturbing habit of looking at the passengers as she was talking & driving, and occasionally took her hands off the wheel. My wife had to tell her to please watch the road as she was making us very nervous. Her sassy response was that she hadn't lost anyone yet.  J I M
Acceptable but definitely mid range hotel and not worth more than about $150/night. 
Overall feeling tinge of dirty...rooms ok but again pretty average. For example the bathroom sinks/countertops are the old school knee height. Beds a bit on the overly soft side. Also old school. 
Example is I use the stairs (as the three elevators are only slightly faster (long wait) than 10 flights of stairs) and for three days a chicken bone sat on floor of hall carpet at door to stairs. Little things like having to pay for wifi is so low budget/BS;
 no stir sticks for in room coffee service; not fully replenishing shampoo/body wash each day all add up.
Restaurant slow confused service and very expensive at breakfast and night time both.  drinks
Run far away. Sheets have holes and this place is super trashy. Paper thin walls. Do not stay here. Just save your money and spend it somewhere else. No fridge, no microwave, no free WIFI. The young woman who checked us in was nice, and was nice enough to move us when we complained about the noisy neighbors. When the second room was just as loud, I called to the front desk and asked if they sold ear plugs. Bad news is they don't have a gift store (and don't ask why you need ear plugs) good news is there is a CVS and Rite Aide within 10 min. Will never be back, and will not be using any Marriott affiliates.
This hotel has a lot of problems that don't seem to be getting better. My first night in the hotel I discovered a bed bug on my bed. I killed it and they gave me a room upgrade but it was still a sight I didn't want to see. The bathroom also had a weird smell and the wallpaper was torn in spots.

If you are able to find a different hotel, I highly recommend staying elsewhere.
This was my first time staying at a Marriott Delta. Wow, everything about the hotel is done right. From check-in to check out the employees are helpful, and kind. They greet you as you enter and exit. The building is kept well both inside and out. Decor is rather beautiful in the lobby and dining area. There is a Starbucks on the property for those who don't want to make their own. Great place for a conference or overnight stay! 

The rooms are clean and cozy. I love that they give you extra toiletries. Zero complaints during my stay here. For sure one of the best properties I've stayed at.
I hosted my Family reunion here this past Friday - Monday, just over 100 people. In addition to staying here, we also had 2 dinners/ banquets and a small meeting as well. First I must say that Ali, the front concierge was VERY VERY Helpful especially dealing with large groups arriving at the same time. Flo, the night manager  and Joe, the Banquet hall manager was also very accommodating and hospitable. As for the rest of my stay? Also very accessible from the airport and 20 mins from downtown philly. Quiet hotel, friendly staff!

The rooms weren't as clean as you would expect. I had a refrigerator delivered up to my room which I had to clean out my self.  The suite I stayed in had a mildew/ sour odor lingering which they had to bring up some sort of humidifier to clear the air. 

While I cant be sure if it was the mosquitoes in the swamp outside or if there were actual bedbugs in the hotel i'm not sure, but these multiple bug bites on my legs are annoying. 

In the meeting space, there was this strange rumbling that would occur every couple of minutes or so, that would make the entire floor vibrate just enough to annoy guests. 

Also upon check-in I discovered that my debit card was charged for the full amount of the weekend stay on the first day, Which was not outlined in our contract and was not told to us. 

As for our Sunday night banquet, we booked the large Liberty room with a DJ and Dance Floor. Well on SUNDAY, the afternoon before the banquet, we were told that they double booked ( keep in mind we signed the contract back in December) and that we would be put in a room that could hold 75, not including a DJ and Dancefloor. We were then told that 5 tables would be set up in the lobby with food. 

Keep in mind the hallways of each floor open up below to the lobby, and at the suggestion of the hotel we would have basically disturbed every guest in the hotel (including many pilots and flight attendants). 

When we showed the manager Chris (not Joe whom I mentioned earlier) our contract, he insisted there was nothing else better they could do, refused to help anymore, wouldn't let us speak to HIS boss, and started to become pretty nasty. Come to find out, the event scheduled in OUR room wasnt to take place until the next day at 6am. so they would have rather disturbed every guest in the hotel, caused a fire hazard by blocking the lobby and a health hazard by serving food in an unauthorized location. It wasnt until we called Fox 29 news, threatened to send out a press release and contact Headquarters that they relented and gave us our original room until 9pm and then transferred us to the smaller room to continue the night. 

After that whole ordeal, we were due to checkout the next day (Monday). As some of us received our bills under the door, we noticed that we were only charged for 2 nights. Thinking this was a comp for all the trouble we were put through, we discovered that the staff "made a mistake" and left the last night off, but we were still repsonsible for the whole amount. While some staff acknowledge the error, others tried to say it was procedure and we were only shown the charges up to the point when the bill was printed, which made absolutely no sense since it wasn't a daily occurance.

This hotel was VERY disorganized and caused alot of stress on a weekend that was supposed to bring joy and celebration of 39 years of Family Reunions. I as well as the rest of my party was very unsatisfied. Between accommodations, 2 dinners for over 100 people and meeting space we spent well over 30,000 dollars here. We barely received an apology. I will never stay at a renaissance hotel again after this terrible experience. HORRIBLE.
This is the worst hotel I've stayed in in my adult life. That means excluding all the cheap hotels I could afford when I was in college. If you are not 100% sure that you'll get an upgraded/updated do not stay here. 

I stayed here on a Friday and Saturday night during a quick weekend trip to the area. It is very convenient as far as proximity to the airport. The parking lot is under construction and is set up like a free parking lot. There are no gates or marked areas, however they do charge for parking here. 

The lobby area has been remodeled and appeared very fresh and comfortable. We went into the under reno elevators to the 3rd floor and immediately noticed the old carpet. This floor looks out into the lobby, atrium style. We got to the room and as soon as the door opened I saw the dirty old carpet. I wanted to turn around and leave but it was about 1am. This place is really dated and despite the room being overall clean many things were left to be desired. The room was large however there was a huge space where I'm guessing a couch or chair once sat. The wallpaper was curling at some edges and the carpet near my bed had some dark red-purple stains. I was relieved to find the bedding was clean and the bed was comfy. The shower pressure was amazing although it drained so slow that a shower soon turned into a bath! I was terrified this whole trip of my clothing or skin touching the floors so thankfully I had brought flip flops. 

I hope they finish the reno soon or at least stop selling the undone rooms.
I am very impressed with this renovation to Delta hotel. This hotel fits best for the efficient, single business traveler that just wants an elevated, clean experience. Everything on this hotel is new and modern. The gym is excellent for daily use. It is spacious with more equipment than most hotels that I go to, including free weights. 

The food pantry had a good amount of options and was reasonably priced to grab-and-go. A Starbucks coffee bar in the morning also was perfect for me to grab an iced latte or espresso.. 

It is best to have a car at this property, as there isn't any other places that you could reasonably walk to. There isn't much in the area at all, actually. There was always a professional-appearing front desk attendant at the ready at any hour of the day.
Room was comfortable, had good layout with separate dressing area, and was mostly quiet.  Majority of the staff was helpful and very friendly.  Room had a balcony overlooking the pool with sliding glass door.  

Unfortunately the room was dirty.  Pillow had yellow stain on it, bathroom walls had hair stuck to them in multiple places, bathroom floor had not been swept or mopped, sink had dried toothpaste stuck in it, carpet had some stains, towel table in bathroom had some sort of sticky substance on it with dirt stuck to it, room had not been dusted in a long time.

The entire building looked as if there was deferred maintenance all over, and even some of the furniture needed to be fixed.  In the pool area instead of a hot tub to sit in after a long day, they turned it into a planter.  That was a bummer.

Food in bar and restaurant is overpriced, which is to be expected most places, but there is absolutely nothing within walking distance to get a bite to eat.  $13 sandwich, ok fine, but $9 mix drinks... that is a bit too much.  Bar service was friendly and prompt.  The restaurant next to the bar on the first floor was a different story for the service.  I had to listen to one of the workers talk about their lymph nodes and their MRI during my meal.  Really?  I feel bad if someone is not doing well, but while you are at work is not the place to discuss it loud enough that the guests have no choice but to hear about it.  Noise was a constant issue through our quick meal, then a piece of the silverware they kept transferring and clanking around hit the floor and it was placed back in the container.  Unappetizing, and if I am paying 2 to 3 times what the meal is worth can it at least be quiet enough to have my own conversation with the person I am eating with?  They should not use cloth napkins if they do not plan to get the stains out of them.

So, even with the couple of good things I would not wish to stay here again.
I arrived in Philadelphia at 11:30 am for a work conference and was staying at the hotel. My room was not ready and would be in an hour, so I went to explore for a few hours. I went back at 5:30pm, still not ready! So they gave me another room, I went upstairs I felt like it was back in time, the furniture was old and no USB ports and bed skirts were stained and the fridge was unplugged and smelled. The employees were amazing, they were so helpful and incredible. But the hotel needed updating. I will go back once the hotel is completed in the updating stage is completed.
A surprisingly good hotel located near the airport.

Located off of 291 West, there's a light and differently paved turn-off that leads into the parking lot (which is rather convoluted, and there's a semi-dead end when you first enter, that you have to turn left, then curve around.

Good feng shui with the water pond up front with water lilies all over, ducks, turtles, fish, and a small fountain near the entry.

Inside, the center of the hotel is lit from the very top - 12 floors up - as it is an atrium that reaches to the top floor. Nice spacey area. Gym and business center (for printing tickets and more) is available. Main area has a few tables, coffee/tea and newspapers in the morning.

The rooms are pleasant, clean, and smoke-free. Individual room temperature control, iron, hair dryer, and plenty of towels. A small ethernet hookup. Double-paned windows minimize the airport noise.

Concierge room on the 12th floor for silver or higher members, plus one guest. Even if you have four people in a room (family), you only get one guest. Huh. Boiled eggs, drinks, fruit, cheese, oatmeal in the mornings M-F. At least the lady there was very kind to allow us all to eat.

There was a high school prom there when we attended. No parking except far away...they could've reserved some parking for their actual guests, but I suppose the prom committee paid a fair amount to hold it there, too.

Overall, not a bad place to stay. Consistently a bit cheaper, although no public transit to anywhere but the airport.
Everything about this stay was bad except for the hotel bar, Dorseys. When I arrived there was no one in line and two people working, but still no one bothered to greet me or even make eye contact. The lobby makes a good impression, but the rooms are old, poorly maintained, and poorly designed. There were huge spiderwebs behind the curtains, the furniture was threadbare, and the only phone is halfway across the room from the desk. That seems to be a running theme here; the bath towels are about 8 feet away from the shower, and there's not even a hook or rod anywhere closer to hang one temporarily.

Also, WiFi and Ethernet are incredibly expensive and NOT included in the room price if you book through a thid party. Oh, and the fire alarm went off at 3am; I realize that can happen anywhere, but other reviews mentioned it, so it seems to be a problem that happens here more than at other hotels.

On top of all that, the hotel charged me their regular rate, not the rate my third party service guaranteed, and they're fighting me tooth and nail on a refund for the difference.

Worst Marriott property I've ever stayed at.
I liked this place a little better than the average reviews. It certainly is dated, but the bed was comfortable and the room was quiet (despite being next to the airport), and had a comfortable bed and a refrigerator. It is in a little bit of an industrial area, so there's not much immediately around but there are plenty of restaurants within a fairly short drive. 

They do charge $10 for parking, but that seems reasonable given the airport proximity. The concierge lounge isn't great, but at least they have one and the breakfast was edible. I didn't have any problems with the service. That being said, if you're looking for the latest and greatest, wait until they remodel.
Marriott, you need to pull this flag. A Renaissance? More like a bad Motel 6. The lobby had a face lift but that's it. Old rundown rooms in poor repair. Broken vent, cracked toilet and a frig and microwave that look like they fell off and was dragged behind a truck.
Absolute worst experience of my life....   if I explained the room service you would probably not believe it.  I travel often throughout Pa and NJ.  Move on or stay home and deal with the long commute.
I attempted to check in at 2:30 pm, while the actual check in was at 3pm. Fine, I was 30 minutes early. They told me they would call my cell phone once the room was ready. After watching a ton of couples check into their room before me, it reached 3:45 and they had still not called me. So, I waited at the check in line, and it turns my room was ready the whole time. When the person checks me in asked how can I help you, I answered with, "I'm just checking in again. At 2:30 someone had said they would call when the room was ready. However I never received a call". The front desk responded with: "well I just got here for my shift so sorry." The room had actually been ready since 3pm. While I do not blame this worker, I do blame management for letting a guest wait to check in while their room was already ready. 

Unfortunately, I missed the dinner reservations I had made and canceled, and I was in a rush to get to the concert I was attending that evening.
This stay has been by far the worst experience I've had in my last 4 years of traveling for a living. I am the most laid back, easy going guy but this Renaissance Philadelphia Airport is horrible. The first night I get in, there is no parking in either lots so I had to park at entrance of property by the road and walk all the way with my child and luggage, only to find out then I have to pay $10/night for it too! Then the whole place was like a party, people on every floor with doors open, loud music/tvs smoking marijuana in rooms and drinking in hallways til 3:00am. The people in the room next door were "hotboxing this b*tch out" as I heard yelling from them and smoke coming from under the room doors that separate rooms...and explain to my kid what that smell is. The second night, same occurrence. I called the front desk and security to put all this to a stop, they said "we can't control everybody". Then somebody pulls the fire alarm at 3:30am which goes on and on til 4:15am and they had us all evacuate the building for nothing. 2 nights with no sleep. Third day, I worked a 15 hour shift for a non-profit org with nothing to eat all day because it was so busy...I come home to hotel and order a pizza, then front desk says they aren't allowed to front door....What am I paying a $5 Delivery fee and Tip for if I have to go to front desk to get food. I called the front desk and the woman's response was "Uber eats isnt a real restaurant company, its a security issue" Was it a security issue when you let all these people that weren't even staying here in to drink/smoke and party in the lobby, halls and pool? Am I crazy or losing my mind? Its party central all weekend then the normal day I cant even get dinner??? I am NEVER coming back here again...I've never had any issues with Marriott across the nation til I came here.
My family lives about an hour outside of the city, we had an early flight to the Caymans and needed a place to stay the night before.
I have to agree a little bit with the other reviews, it is being renovated and it is almost done, given what others here have said it needed it but it looks great so far, and the renovations were not in any way a bother or an issue during our stay. 
First it is close to the airport and there are shuttles every 30 minutes obviously a huge plus. 
The reason I wanted to write a review though is due to how amazing the staff is!! From check in to check out everyone bent over backwards to assist us. Not only are they friendly (I think we chatted with Philip who checked us in for about 15 minutes) but they are also more helpful than could even be expected. We needed a cab to the phillies game, Philip set one up right away. Had an early flight, the servers at the buffet made sure to get us in and out! These are just a few examples and we were only there for one night!
Arrived an hour and a half after check in time and told I had to wait for a room to be cleaned at least 30 minutes.  Restaurant food was worse than Denny's and the noise levels in the hotel were obnoxious with no resolution after discussing the issues with management.  Vending room had water and mud all over the floor.  Big stain on the floor in my bathroom.  I couldn't sleep because of how noisy the hotel was. Also be prepared to add 10-15 minutes wait for elevators or do what I did and just take the stairs.  Insane.  Marriott should not allow their name on this establishment.  Never staying here again. A motel 6 would be more restful.
Probably not the best experience I've had in a Marriott family hotel. The check in process made us feel a bit unwelcome as we booked through a third party and felt that we were being punished because of that. The desk agent made it clear of that after she repeated it multiple times. We requested to moved to a king room but were "not authorized" because we "booked through a third party". So no biggie; we took the double bed room. Upon showering I noticed the tiles are loose in the bathroom floor; there are multiple blooms of mold throughout the shower stall. The shower curtain rod is barely hanging on the wall and can fall at anytime. The shower drain is super slow and you end up standing up to your ankles while you shower. The bathroom mirror and light sconces are mounted incorrectly and are crooked. Toweled were not stocked and only had (2).

The room aside, nice lobby
The hotel is the least expensive of the Marriott's in the Philadelphia area.  Probably because it is in need of renovation.  The price is quite good especially if you use the AAA discount.  The hotel front desk staff is quite friendly.  The rooms are clean but tired. There is an extra charge for the Internet.

The Trophy's Lounge on this visit was another matter.  We ordered the featured drink and water.  The drink was suppose to be orange juice, ginger ale and rum.  I think they omitted the rum.  I had to ask twice for a glass of water.  My husband ordered the brisket and I had the soup and grilled cheese sandwich.  The food was served, the  server forgot the silverware.  There were three people working in the bar.  Only one seemed to be taking orders and she was more interested in chatting up the male customers. The brisket was served with mashed potatoes and BBQ sauce, weird combo. Brussels Sprouts were embedded in the mashed potatoes, again weird. The plate looked like they were serving up leftovers. If you are going to put BBQ sauce on the meat serve it with fries. The New England Clam chowder was over thickened. The grilled cheese was a little greasy, but hey, it was grilled cheese probably the best thing served.

We want to stop by the little store for a candy bar.  It was closed and this was at 6:30 PM on a Saturday.  There was a person in the lobby whose job seemed to be saying "enjoy your stay".  My suggestion is that they hire a parrot and train him to say "enjoy your stay" and put one of the three bar people or the "enjoy your stay person" in the little store.

 In the past we had better food and service from this place.
CHECK YOUR BED....Pulled back the covers and found several bugs, dirt, hair (skull & pubic) in the bed. Immediately called and demanded I be moved to another room. The rooms have not been remodeled, this place is old and sits in the middle of a swamp. While the desk clerk was accommodating, the compensation offered was a free meal at the hotel restraunt....EAT HERE, NEVER. AVOID THIS LOCATION AT ALL COSTS. Marriott should spend less money on hate campaigns and more money on their hotels. Disgusting and shameful property; I would have preferred to sleep in my rental car.
Dated hotel room. 
We were stuck here after our flight was cancelled so we had little choice. Inflated prices from the cost of our stay to the mediocre breakfast.
Dinner was very good but yet overpriced. Charging $2 for carafe coffee and no continental breakfast. After paying 17$ for eggs and greasy potatoes I don't have very nice things to say except the bed allowed us to rest for the night before our afternoon flight. Oh and upon check out they tried charging us $10 bucks for WiFi. Who doesn't have free WiFi?!! This place charges for everything where most properties it's complimentary. 
Buyer beware. We stayed here out of necessity. Do not recommend.
As a platinum member, I have to say this is a disappointing place to stay. The staff is friendly but the place is in general disrepair 

Specific issues

No coffee in club lounge, broken
Main elevator has been broken for at least a month, wait times are 30 minutes. I heard some guest say they planned to throw their luggage over the rail in frustration.
Bar was out of most food and service was terrible
TV service was out site wide. I guess they forgot to pay the bill.

Very sad situation for what must have been a nice hotel once
Well where do I start! First let's start with parking, they charge 12$ for you to have to walk far to get to your car if you're even lucky to get a spot. Second they take 75$ immediately off your credit card for incidentals (well most places just put your card on file and only charge if they have to. Third it was only one elevator working and it was so many young people having parties here they took up the one elevator that was working.  Fourth get to my room and automatically smelled like a carton of cigarettes. Go to the front desk and let someone know, she gives me her apologies and says she will meet me at the room to take me to another, well I waited in the hall for 5-10 minutes for her to come and she never came..... I finally take all my bags back downstairs and the one who was supposed to come up stands there checking ppl in never acknowledging me at all so one of the other ladies says to me ,wasn't she supposed to help u change rooms I said yes, the original lady still acting as if I'm not there, so the other lady stops checking ppl in and says come on I'll take you to your new room.... smh that first heffa didn't care. Fifth the room door keys didn't work we even had to get new keys and the door still wouldn't open. 6.  They have an indoor pool but can't use it because it's out of order for some reason been this way since God knows when ..... 7. Drunk girls laying in the elevator while you're trying to get on and you're afraid to get on because heck they might puke on you ( yes that intoxicated)
This hotel has great potential, maybe new management and tons of renovations but I WILL NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN ‍
My recent stay at this hotel was horrible. I reserved a room online for this hotel for New Year's Eve. The check-in process was fast but everything after that went down hill. I went to my room and the keys didn't work properly. After some struggling, I managed to get into my room. After a night on the town around 1am, I came back to the room with my boyfriend and the keys wouldn't work. My boyfriend and I waited to have our issue fixed for the broken door. The manager was OK but not very much accommodating. He stated the only thing he could offer us was another room (hello, my belongings were still in the room) but he suggested that I can get them in the morning. What?!!!  Also, the biggest perk of all was a late check out of 2pm (WOWWWWW!!) I demanded to have the issue fixed ASAP by this time it was 2:30am and getting later and later. 

The issue was finally fixed after about an hour. I was totally tired and annoyed and wanted to just leave the hotel. The next morning I was happy to get out of that horrible hotel. 

Also, this hotel was cheesy and not very updated. Definitely, not a 4-star hotel at all.

Note: For people coming from out of town, there are wonderful hotels in downtown Philadelphia that are impeccable.  (I am a Philadelphia resident who just wanted a nice weekend at a nice hotel but didn't get it at the Renaissance.)
Terrible experience here. The people that work at the front desk are totally clueless. We asked what there is to do around citizens bank park and the woman says nothing. Um, there's the xfinity center, which is huge and there's tons to do there. 
The fact that the fire alarms went off not once, not twice, but three times during a 6 hour period; 2am, 6am and 8am. I wanted to find the person who set it off and tell them to go to hell. I contemplated sleeping in my car. 
The hotel needs a SERIOUS upgrade. It's like something from the 80s. It's god awful. It's also pretty dirty in the main area and outside there's trash scattered on the property and in the water. Marriott should be ashamed of themselves to have a property in this shape. 
I gave it 2 stars because the woman working at breakfast was incredibly sweet and accommodating. 
If you just need a place to stay, then I would recommend staying elsewhere.
I have to stay here several times a year. Not my choice but the company's.  Good for a quick short night but forgot it if you have more than 10 or 12 hrs.

Absolute nothing nearby to for food except the hotel restaurant. The rooms are noisy. You can actually hear a convetsation in the room next to you and the noise from the atrium echos thru the building. 

But, its close to the airport. 
* sigh
Super struggling to give a solid review here.  I travel often for work, so I've stayed in plenty of hotels.  This hotel was excessively loud - kids and groups running up and down the hallways and screaming at the pool - which is fine, except for the people with rooms that overlook the large glass enclosed pool. Upon check in I requested two non-feather pillows because I'm allergic to feathers - they said they would be right up.  Three phone calls to room service and an hour and a half later, I can climb into bed.  The front desk ladies couldn't get off the phone fast enough each time that I called either.  The only other negative so far is the huge, extremely full parking lot.  Self parking isn't free and you end up parking a quarter mile away.

I will say the beds are comfortable now that I can actually get in it, but that's about all I can give them..

Update - 19 minutes after posting this review, the emergency alarms went off and we were forced to evacuate. A group of teens - probably the excessively loud ones from earlier - were smoking pot in their room and set off the alarm. If you have any intention of getting any rest, this hotel isn't your best choice. It's probably not even in the top 10 best choices...
My family and I came here for one night on 2/18.  I can't tell you how dissapointed we were.  First, there were stains on the couch beside the bed.  We had two 2.5 year olds in the room, and had to remove the couch cushion so they wouldn't touch whatever it was.  Then, the bathroom bathtub wouldn't drain.  We caught this early, and someone came up and had to work on it for a long time to fix it.  Then, we took the kids down to the pool early evening to swim.  (This was a big part of the reason we chose this hotel- for the pool)  The pool area was so crowded we could hardly make it in.  It was loud and out of control.  People were splashing (not good for toddlers) and we had to leave after 5 minutes.  When we attempted to go to bed, there were brown stains on the white sheets of one of the beds.  We had to call the front desk about this issue two times, and when someone finally showed up at the door, they handed us new sheets so we could re-make the bed.  Finally, once we had placed clean sheets on the bed, we attempted to go to sleep. Unfortunately, people were yelling through the vents and playing music for 2 hours which made it difficult to sleep.  I will never stay here again.
If I can give this hotel negative zero stars, I would. AVOID AT ALL COST!!!!!!! The beds are infested with bed bugs, there are roaches in the tubs, and the toilets have bad water pressure. My company held a meeting at this hotel at this helliacious hotel and these are some of the horror stories to come from it from the bunch of us who had to stay here. the burned out econo lodge down the road next to the dirty book store would have been a safer place to stay at.
Clean if old. Service was very good. It's a fair bit better than a "holiday inn" but hasn't been upgraded yet to the latest Renaissance standards.  It's close to the airport but kind of in the middle of nowhere and surrounded by water so you need to travel by shuttle or cab to do anything.
Despite the fact that Expedia says this hotel has a hot tub (which is why I even decided to stay here), they have nothing of the sort. This hickville hotel has a childrens' pool and no hot tub. When I brought it up with the manager, he told me "too bad". No compliments of the hotel, no extra drink ticket, no better room, no extra accommodation for the hell hole they tricked me into purchasing. It was clear that the manager was just asserting his limited "authority" where he could. Also... sea foam green... not your color bro. 

Later we went to the bar, it felt like the coldest day of the year (even though it was during a Philadelphia summer heat wave). The AC was blasting on 40 degrees F and the bar was empty. A woman came up to us and rudely refused to offer up any type of information regarding the menu or prices. We decided to just leave the hotel and find a better, more welcoming, area of the city.
Pictures are worth a 1000 words!!! Let's see... we've got bugs, mildew, mold, broken elevators, dust...lots of dust, back taxes...and did I say...BUGS? REALLY...BIG...BUGS!
Rundown. That is pretty much the overwhelming takeaway from this 12 story disappointment. Service is so so, but this place is pretty tapped out; water stained ceilings, minimal HVAC, outlets that don't work, etc..  You would be much better off at the Courtyard a few miles away.
A hotel is a place for you to put your head down at the end of the night. Somewhere to gather back up spent energy, unwind, relax so you can be ready for whatever tomorrow will throw at you.

It's one of those nicer airport hotels,, you know,, the short stay ones. The business traveler specials.

The lobby is pretty nice and open,, the whole open atrium style,, check-in lobby is very welcoming as well. The staff is very friendly. I walk up, I say hello, they say hello,, I tell them I have a reservation, they check me in, they hand me keys and I'm on my way to resting like a boss.

Rooms are rooms, the beds have sheets, there curtains on the windows,, heavy drapes for shutting out the sun. Bathrooms have a shower and tub, toilet that flushes. This is the basic necessity of NEED.

Bottom line is,, the place is great. It nice and cozy and never have has a bad experience here.
Don't be fooled by the nice appearance of the lobby. No help was available to get baggage, rooms are run down, they only give you 2 towels for the room, and room service makes our family wait an hour for food and then told us when we called to check on it that they "got backed up" and our order has not even been started. Save your money and yourself the headache and stay somewhere else.
It's not easy to find good, reasonably priced hotels near the Philly airport. This one is usually available and not as expensive as the airport Marriott. 
Front desk folks are always very accommodating and friendly. The beds are comfortable. The concierge lounge is OK--- your basic continental breakfast in the morning. They have a nice fitness center with treadmills, ellipticals and cycle. 
If you park a car, you probably need to park quite far from the hotel and then walk around a lake which houses Canadian geese. When I was there, they were repairing the sidewalk around the lake. There's a Canadian geese problem at this hotel as witnessed by the condition of the sidewalk. 
I'm happy I was able to make a last second reservation thru the Marriott app and still get my corporate rate.
Run!!!!  DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL!!!!!!
If I could give it a lower rating I would.  
When we checked in, we had to sign a paper stating that we would not have a party in our room.  Looking back, this should have been our first hint to leave!  The first 2 days, none of the towels or shampoos were replaced so we had to call and ask them to bring up these items.  On Saturday night, the was a huge Valentine's Ball that was to last until midnight.  However, once the music stopped, all of the patrons flowed out into the atrium and continued with their party.  We called the front desk at 12:30am, 1:30am and 2:30am.  It was very clear that the staff had no interest in getting the people out of the hotel or to quiet them.  Needless to say, it was a very short and restless night.  We put the "do not disturb" sign out for the next morning since we didn't get any sleep until after 230am.  However, the maid proceeded to ignore this sign and knocked on our door early the next morning.  We answered and pointed out that we had the sign on the door.  She ignored that and asked if we needed anything.  We told her that we would be out of the room soon and she would be able to clean it then.  To our surprise, when we returned to our room at 630pm, our room had not been touched.  The toilet had been running all day and the room was extremely hot even though we had the thermostat set on 60 degrees.  It was even cooler in the pool area when we opened to sliding door that looked over the pool.  

This list could go on and on.  Needless to say.  DO NOT STAY HERE.
So I stayed here for a few days attending a conference held at this hotel.  It wasn't the worst place I've stayed in during my travels but far from good.  

We'll start with the good points, the staff I encountered very nice!  I would imagine they've got hard jobs just being in the hospitality industry and made harder by the conditions of the hotel.  It is close to the airport and they provide a free shuttle.  At the conference we had buffet style meals in the evening and those were quite good, and the hot buffet style lunches were also tasty.

So the not so good.  Parking is difficult especially if there's an event here.  The hotel appears to be in the midst of a renovation but I will be honest although the hotel looks decent enough on the outside once you get in that's were things sort of end.  I told my roomie in my hotel room that this place could use some love.  Although everything in our room worked properly, in our bathroom there were tiles missing grout, the toilet basin was cracked thankfully no leaks, and you could tell there is some sort of moisture issue when I touched the bathroom door it felt like it had water damage.  Also in our room the first day following check-in we didn't get our room cleaned, and then on the second day my roommate had to call and request our room be cleaned.  Now normally if I'm by myself traveling I don't care too much if my room gets cleaned but when you're rooming with someone else and they give you the bare minimum of towels room cleaning is essential.
No tv yesterday. No tv this morning. Weather was not an issue. I won't be staying at this Renaissance- there are too many other choices. To make matters worse, they offer me a drink coupon. No, I don't want to leave my room. How about a free dessert?  Gee, I'd gladly trade not watching tv for hours over a free dessert. No thanks. How about some points?  They don't get it.
I stayed here twice in 2013, but am new to Yelp and wanted to review the place.  

I did like the room/hotel.  The problem being the first stay I got billed for an extra day. My stay was (I think) Saturday-Monday.  I also got billed for I think Wednesday. They apologized and used an obviously lame excuse/flat out lie.  

Stupidly, I stayed again, knowing this time to watch my credit card (and I had gotten a decent price both times).  Well, I booked using a 3rd party site and paid thru them.  Yep, the hotel charged me additionally too.  

So yes, twice they over charged me.  Thankfully I paid enough attention to my card to catch the error and get it refunded.  Just wanted to make sure others know to watch out for them.
I do not know where to begin. This was one of the worst hotel stays I have had. Thank god it was just one night. Let's start. 
First, I was so happily surprised that two bottles of water and two ice cream bars were in my refrigerator. Problem is they were half eaten and dripping in the refrigerator. I cleaned it. If it was a gift, not good as I am a type 1 diabetic. Can you say diabetic coma?

Second, the room smelled like two hookers wrestling. The room spray was so horrid. It reminded me of a brothel with that sweet/spicy perfume smell. I was looking for a fat woman asking for $50 and to choose a woman. 

Third, can you please match the height of the desk chair with the desk?  I felt like a midget fighting to get into a SUV without a step ladder. 

Fourth, while I appreciate energetic employees, I had to pay a bellhop $3 to just leave me alone and go away. 
Fifth, the furniture. Was this the Baghdad Marriott or the Philadelphia Marriott? Take a look at the desk. Did my grandmother donate it? The carpet design had me begging for a Xanax. The walls were papered with a design Charles Manson would just simply adore. In fact the carpet/wall paper combo was probably taken from Shitty Homes Digest. 

Sixth, can we please add some light to the bathroom. This is not particular to this property, but most Marriott properties. I do not travel with night vision headsets from the military. 

Seventh, who made the bed? After a few hours of self therapy and calming techniques, I tried to go to bed. It was like someone was watching me and laughing. The sheets would not come over my beautiful abs. I had to use all the strength I had to pull the sheets over me. Again, I'm not Peter Dinklage, although he is a great actor. 

Eighth, $9.95 for one night of internet!!!!  Are you kidding. I have never had to pay for Wifias a Marriott Gold member. And it did not say that it was a charge on the website. I sucked it up and tried to connect, BUT THE CONNECTION DID NOT WORK. I spent 30 minutes on the phone with a nice Filipino ladywho helped me connect to Wifi. Was I in Uganda? 

Ninth, Never go back. 

Jason Blum
Room # 620
I was here last week. Maid woke me. I told the front desk. They apologized and said they'd look into it. So. I think I'm going to sleep well this time. Nope, three different maids woke me three different times. So front desk doesn't communicate with maids and maids don't communicate with maids. I hate it when the 'do not disturb' sign is ignored. Wifi sucks too. Keeps disconnecting.
Sorry to have to give this rating but it is NOT a-ok, which is a 3 star rating and for the high rates it is closer to a one overall.

Nice people at front desk for the most part elevate it one star. 

CONS: Room was not stocked with needed and normal items on late night checkin after all day flight delays, room old and outdated, elevators shoddy with one barely working whole time there, it was the only one working. Shower and bathroom floors dangerously slippery, concierge lounge is well below average, room not serviced at all while gone next day until after 10 PM. Trash piled up in floor of ice and vending room for entire stay. Billed wrong rate for first night and had to adjust. No sundries shop in lobby and nothing nearby due to location. 

Having a shuttle, bar with late open kitchen were about the only plusses.

$234 rate was about $100 high for this one.

Will not likely return here unless they renovate it all and cannot recommend.

Will be contacting Marriott about the sloppy service for the price charged
I know they are in the middle of a remodel, but there is no reason why the fifth and disrepair of this establishment has not been addressed. The carpet in the rooms is not just dated but filthy. The rooms are not just dated, they are stain ridden health hazards. This hotel should not be accepting reservations until they have taken care of the basic expectations a visitor to Philadelphia should encounter. If you have any allergies, stay away. This hotel is a health hazard.
BEWARE - NEW PARKING FEE TO STAY HERE 

We have stayed at this hotel for many years, parked for free, and left our car in their lot while traveling from/to PHL.  You might be thinking, well that seems fair to charge for parking in Philadelphia..  well, this place has a TON of open parking as the area was supposed to be a larger business complex that never occurred AND for over 13 years they did not charge for parking.  I am not exaggerating... they have so much parking, I have NEVER seen the parking lot close to full in 13 years, and that's when the hotel was hosting weddings, promos, etc, etc.  The other thing, this place is NOT in downtown - its about 1.5 miles from the airport and the area around them is not as congested as Philly.

Here is another classic point - the travel booking sites are still showing free parking for this hotel - see the image I attached to this review - which was taken on Oct 20th 2018

The hotel is below average for a Marriott Renaissance, but we always stayed loyal as the parking was a nice feature, so we looked beyond the short comings of the hotel (i.e., worn out, people inconsistently not nice, slow front desk, bar really slow, etc, etc) 

My frustration is the lack of communication as well as the inconsistent application of the new fee.  As can see in the reviews on this site, the fee sometimes started in March, April and May.  The hotel responded in writing it was started in February, and when I checked in the front desk said it started in March. The other concern is, you are basically stuck when you go to check in and learn about the fee policy change as you cant cancel the night without yet another fee.

We did notice the parking lot had MUCH fewer cars than normal and the hotel seemed empty, even with all the airline people staying there..   It seems others have been hit with this new and uncommunicated fee.

Lastly, the front desk person really had a nasty attitude about the fee, which I have a feeling the employees are tired of explaining this new policy and dealing with frustrated customers.   

At this point its just about easier to stay at the hotel in the airport
My room keys didn't work after I first received them, and every time I've attempted to use them since check in, I have to leave them in the key holder for almost a minute before they'll finally read and allow me to enter. Bathroom looks gross (grout has never been cleaned, tub looks stained, faucet & sink area needs to be replaced, sink doesn't drain well) and the wallpaper, ceiling texture and curtains just makes everything look dated. They seem to be going through some remodeling, and consequently, you can't operate the elevator on your own, they're staffed 24/7 with employees. Also, the hotel is triangular in shape, so a lot of the entrances to the rooms face an atrium, which is loud, especially the bar area patrons. Overall would not recommend.
Not service driven. 
Not clean
Pick up driver at airport didn't stop the first time. Just drove we had to call. My hubby arrived separately and this happened to both of us. 
Breakfast tables were sticky. All the ones we tried. We asked for a wipe off and they were still sticky. 
So skip it.
