It's a comfy CITY hotel that has bellmen, concierge, a nice reception lobby with a bar/lounge; comfortably appointed rooms. This hotel is good for both business and leisure travel. 

My checkin was smooth, quick, and pleasant, complete with Hilton's famous welcome package of chocolate cookie and 2 bottles of water! The reception staff was super friendly and helpful. 

MY ROOM

As a Hilton Honor's gold card member, my standard room was upgraded to a larger one on a higher floor for Members. Our room was quite spacious with 2 firm beds and a large bay window that has a view of the city. The room was well equipped with a nice dresser, a working desk, a safe, fridge, coffee maker, and a lounge chair and coffee table, a standup reading lamp by the window. The nightstand lamps and desk lamps had power outlets, a useful feature. 

The bathroom was quite small, one has to close the bathroom door to get into the show/tub combo. It is nice that the tub is equipped with a safety bar.  

AMENITIES/FACILITIES 

Our upgraded room comes with FREE wifi. The lobby area has free wifi as well.  Breakfast is NOT FREE, and I did not take one. 

Other amenities/facilities include:  

- A popular, small bar/lounge, the Sanding O by the lobby. 

- Several large meeting rooms and a business center.

- A Fitness Center and a Pool. 

- The Executive Floor has additional special amenities for guests. 

PARKING is NOT FREE. Self park costs about 
$28/d; Valet parking at $42/d. 

The concierge in the lobby was very knowledgeable, helpful and friendly. They gave me great walking directions to the museums, Chinatown, among others. Of course, they helped me with my luggages and getting a taxi in the RAIN! 

LOCATION

Its super convenient location is a plus! It's only minutes walk away to the business district and many major attractions, e.g., the museum district, Rittenhouse, Chinatown, even Penn's Landing! The Broad Street Septa (Subway) Station is also right next to the hotel. 

TO/FROM AIRPORT 

Besides the Septa Train, one can also take a door to door Lady Liberty shuttle ($10), which is cheaper than a taxi ($30).

At the Baggage Claim,  look for a large counter with several white phones (- see pic) nearby the exit doors. The counter might or might NOT be manned. Just pick up the phone and dial 27 to get connected to a live person for your instruction. You can call Lady Liberty Shuttle for your return trip from the hotel to airport. 

June 2016
Just stayed 5 nights at this hotel, waited till I returned home before I wrote up this review.  After reading the mixed reviews I can understand the low's and the high's star ratings.  

We flew out to Philly from Hawaii to see the Eagles Football game so I did my research on hotels, rates etc.. Got a great rate on Expedia for hotel and airfare. Here's my take on Doubletree Hilton on Broad St.

Pro's: 
-LOCATION is the absolute best! the SEPTA (subway) entrance is literally outside the front door, took the Broad Street line directly to the Football Stadium (ATT was the stop) it only took about 10 minutes to get there.

-Walking Distance to TONS of shops, restaurants, theaters, Reading Terminal Market, museums etc...I rented a car from AVIS for 1 day which is located about 3 min walk from the hotel, it could not have been more convenient. 
TIP: I didn't keep the rental car overnight because the overnight parking rate is High (I think $30) Avis allows you to slide the keys under the door when you turn in the car. 

-The front desk was an easy check in and I was pleased with the corner room that I received and the Warm Cookies were delicious!

-We were granted use of the executive lounge on the 24th floor which was great because we were able to grab coffee, juice and breakfast in the morning before heading out.  They had 2 hot dishes, bagels, muffins, yogurt, cereal, fruit, it was so convenient.  

-Restaurant/Bar in the hotel and room service available 

-Bathroom shower good pressure and water got HOT fast which was appreciated when it was freezing outside. 

-Small Refrigerator in the room, Coffee machine and safe in the room

CON's:
-The hotel is located on Broad St which is a very busy street there so you can expect to hear occasional car horns and garbage trucks.
-If there are loud guests on your floor You will be able to hear them the walls are not that thick.
-WIFI is NOT free its an additional fee unless you are a honors member.
-Rooms are pretty clean but they are a bit dated, there was a corner of my room which looked like they forgot to finish painting so it had old and new paint on it LOL
-4 Elevators for a large hotel so at times the wait was pretty long

Bottom line is if you can handle the dated rooms, occasionally slow elevators and occasional loud noise from both outside and inside the hotel, you really can't beat this Terrific location!  For me and what I was trying to accomplish in the few days that I had in Philly the hotel was perfect! and the price was reasonable as well.
I enjoyed our stay at the Double Tree Hilton Philadelphia. Matter of fact we were on a 10 day driving vacation of the east coast and came back to this Hilton after a 3 day visit to Washing DC. The rooms on both stays were beyond my expectations. On the first visit I booked the room through Hilton Honors phone app and as a Diamond Member was upgraded to the upper floor with a spectacular view of the city. On the return trip which had been booked with Hilton points, we were given a really nice suite in the newer tower. It didn't have the view but what a nice room. Complete with a kitchen, sitting area, large restroom and separate bed room. I was extremely happy with the accommodations. 

So the rooms are clean, the staff is friendly, the wifi was fast and the breakfast was excellent but I've come to expect that from a Hilton brand hotels, that why I'm a Hilton Diamond member. 

Now to the stuff I look for in a Hotel Yelp review. The Hotel is located right in the middle of everything. It's a couple blocks from the beautiful City Hall / Love Park, a quick 10 to 15 minute walk to The Liberty Bell and it's located right next to a subway stop. I hopped on that subway to attend an Eagles game, that's the way to go. 

"I would stay here again" those are the magic words I look for in any hotel Yelp review. 

Now they are being awarded a 5 star review from the Timster but I'm also going to leave the same complaint that I leave every urban Hilton Hotel. Why do you charge your Diamond Members for parking?
This hotel without a doubt is dated. However, I was pleasantly surprised with how clean it was. I checked the most telling areas (for me anyway) the shower, counters, and corners of the mattress. All were practically spotless. The location was key in us choosing this hotel. It is conveniently located a few minutes walk from the 12-13 Patco station and many restaurants and bars. We skipped driving in and the pricey $48 parking. 

Check-in took exactly two minutes and the same for check-out. The business center is on the 3rd floor. You need your room key to gain access to the business rooms and quiet work areas. Free color printing. I was a little annoyed that the bar wasn't open the following morning around 10am. I was on vacation, I would have loved a mimosa. The walls are paper thin so you will hear everything, even your neighbor blowing their nose. Fortunately, we went to bed very late and woke up early. If you need to go to bed early and/or would like to sleep in, this is not for you. Overall, the price was right and the room was comfortable and clean.
We were greeted straight away with a smile and a warm cookie, which of course is always a winner. 

We had booked a queen room for the two of us, but the staff member on front desk confirmed that there was a two queen bed room available for us so he gave us the key to that with no extra charge. 

The room was glorious, and being on the 15th floor meant that we had a good view of the surrounding area from our window. The beds were extremely comfortable and there was the option of having just a thin sheet, or full duvet. 

The air conditioning worked perfectly and it was very simple to use. 

I enjoyed the spacious bathroom with a shower over the bath giving the option of a full soak in the tub, using the soaps and gels that the hotel provided or a shower.
The temperature of the water was also easy to adjust and didn't take forever to heat up or cool down. The towels provided were plentiful and were soft and fluffy.

The pool area definitely needs some work as you can see the rust marks on the bottom of the pool and the floor around the pool is all tiled, therfore it would be a lot safer if there was a grip type surface so that it wouldn't be so slippery, however apart from that I have no complaints.
DO NOT GO TO THIS HOTEL IF YOU ARE A WOMAN WHO EXPECTS TO BE SUPPORTED AFTER AN INCIDENT OF SEXUAL ASSAULT.

I was sexually assaulted at the bar here during the DNC. I reported it to police. 

I told a front desk agent and said I wanted my attacker to leave. She apologized and said that the managers were in a meeting and would call me back. They didn't.

I reported it again to a security agent that night. He asked if I'd reported it to police. I said yes. He said they couldn't do anything legally, it would be "passing judgment" on a criminal investigation.

I called my partner, who works at a hotel a half a mile a way, and asked if that was true. He said no. Legally they could kick out anyone they wanted.

I went to the front desk again the following morning. The security manager wouldn't really speak to me, promised to call me back. He did. He told me that legally they couldn't "pass judgment" on a criminal case. They would kick both of us (me and my attacker) out, or neither of us. I told him I knew that wasn't true. He said fine, that's technically right. But it's our policy.

I've asked a few friends to call them on my behalf and ask them to change the policy. They have lied to my friends. They've told friends I didn't report it in time (again, I reported it THREE times before I finally talked to a manager), they've told friends there weren't any witnesses (I literally had the business card of a witness willing to talk about it, in my wallet the entire time, but they never even let me get that far), and they've told friends I refused to give them the details because it was a police matter (I literally described the entire thing, down to the most disgusting and humiliating details of my assault).

These folks not only won't stand with women who have experienced sexual violence, they will lie to them and lie about them. STAY AWAY.
So... my fiancee and I were looking at the Doubletree for a block of rooms for our wedding (in October).  We submitted an Request for Proposal (RFP) for 30 rooms on March 27 and then received a proposal from Michelle Mercier on March 29.  The next two days we negotiated for other little details (breakfast, bridal suite, parking, etc).  On April 1 we got the contract and it was only for 15 rooms.  We asked and Michelle told us they would not honor the original proposal and they would not give us any more than 15 rooms.  The only explanation we got was that they were "busy" that weekend.  They verbally offered to "give us more rooms if we filled the original block," but refused to put that in writing.

In conclusion... I would not book a hotel room, event space, or hotel block with Doubletree.  They will not keep their word regardless if it's in writing or otherwise.

The people at Doubletree involved in this were:
Michelle Mercier - Sale Manager
Shireen Kline - Director of Sales
Located in the heart of Philadelphia, expect to be in close proximity to a lot of restaurants and Philadelphia's premier entertainment and arts district including the Kimmel Center, Clef Club, Freedom Theatre, Pennsylvania Ballet, Symphony House, and Academy of Music. And not to forget one of my favorite bars that got me into Yelp about 10 years ago, Good Dog Bar. The streetscape enhancements in this area is beautiful warranting for a few photos to be taken. Beyond that, the let's get to the hotel.

Behind the hotel is the hotel's parking garage. It's a bit archaic, you drive through the hotel driveway, past a narrow side street, and then through a parking gate to go through a maze of floors to find an available parking space that is very tight. If you're someone who hates to park close to other cars because of dings, you may find yourself concerned. Your best bet is to park a little higher up on the 3rd level or so, hoping to get a slightly bigger space where the larger cars park. Once your find a spot, make your way to the elevator and note where you park, each floor designated with some notation of American History. When you get to ground level, walk across the driveway into a hallway which takes you to the hotel lobby. Okay, check-in rewards you with a warm cookie. Score for those who love sweets.

Rooms are mediocre, the furniture somewhat dated however clean for the most part. The beds were a bit soft along the edges signifying it's age through wear and tear. When you sit on the edge of the bed, you get that falling effect where you have to reposition your body so that you won't fall off. Bathrooms are clean, at least of what you can't see, towels are white. The door to the hotel rooms are somewhat thin, where I could hear girls screaming from the room across the hall. If you need peace and quiet, this is not the hotel to be at.

The thing I found really odd about this hotel is that the front-desk staff are gone later in the evening and during the night. A small placard is there, that I did not care to read. By the elevator bay, there is a huge security guard there, asking any questionable passersby if they have a keycard. I sort of felt like I was in college again, entering a club of some sort. For that matter, I felt like there was quite a bit of riff raff, with college kids screaming, yelling and doing what college kids do before going to a bar or coming back from one. No classiness to the hotel whatsoever.

If you're looking to stay at a more modern, serene, family-oriented and/or adult crowd, I'd advise staying at another hotel. If you're looking for a more reasonably priced hotel along Avenue of the Arts, the Doubletree falls in this bucket, but at a price of sacrificing the aforementioned. You get what you pay for.
Checking in was a breeze. The front desk attendant was courteous, personable and friendly. My experience checking was personable and efficient. 

Room was mediocre. It is a standard room and for 71 at a corporate rate... I really can't complain. 


Room Service: it was horrid... awful... I was too hungry to return it. And too ticked to complain. I asked for Au Jus on the side I got worcestershire sauce. Fries were soggy... Meat was dry, the provolone was no where in sight. My rolls stuck to the plate. How does that even happen? I am really disappointed because I paid 30 for junk.  The kitchen has no pride in what they serve. It also appears they will serve substitutes that are not even substitutes. Compared to other DoubleTrees this one is disappointing.
First time in Philadelphia. We chose this hotel because of its location (right in the heart of the city) and because they had a nice package (room, self parking in the garage next door, bus passes, and 4 x 30-minute bike rentals) at a reasonable rate (approx $280 / night including taxes and fees).

The lobby is nice enough. The lounge looked OK (we didn't go as neither of us are big drinkers). Can't say anything about the restaurant - we had breakfast at Green Eggs Cafe and lunch at Geno's (when you're in Philly for the first time you have to try a cheesesteak, right).

Anyway, back to what really matters - the room.

Size - 4.0 stars. Two queens. Closet. Dresser. Flat screen TV. Desk and chair. Bathroom with sink, large counter, toilet, and tub / shower. Maybe 200 - 225 square feet. 

Decor - 3.0 stars. Tastefully decorated but somewhat boring and dated.

Beds - This (I think) is very subjective. We found them to be too soft. 

Cleanliness - 2.0 stars. Stains on the furniture (desk chair & ottoman), stains on the carpet, some type of mysterious damage to the lampshade, paint on the bathroom ceiling was peeling. Not good!!

Noise Level - Take this for what it is worth. While I understand that Hilton can't prevent the city from doing construction, **if you are going to wake up to the sound of a jackhammer at 7 AM ON A SATURDAY they could mention it when you reserve the room.**

Parking - There is a parking garage next door. Our "package" included self parking in the garage. The garage is tight. If you're driving an SUV, drive slow and be careful. Spaces are a little tight.

The bottom line - 

Next time we visit Philly we'll be staying in a different hotel.
We were visiting Philly in order to see Hamilton at the Kimmell Center across the street from the museum. The theater was literally across the street. Talk about convenient. We stayed on the 23rd floor and the view was amazing. The room was very clean and quite spacious. The bed was super comfortable and the pillow even better. The check in desk were super nice and helpful, even the cleaning lady was nice. As we were walking to our room the lady approached us and asked us if we needed anything to just let her know. The only disappointing thing for us was when we returned after the show; we were a bit hungry and unfortunately the restaurant stopped serving. Otherwise we were very pleased and I think we have found a new place to stay at when we visit Philly again.
Great location in downtown Philly. The lobby is very nice with plenty of space to meet up with friends or family. The guest check in is on the main floor so it is nice that you don't need to drag your luggage to a different floor for check  in like many downtown hotels. The front desk staff is very nice and are quick with check in and the complimentary Doubletree warm cookie. The elevators are pretty quick. I suggest staying on a higher floor as there tends to be plenty of emergency sirens from the street during the night. I stayed on the 22nd floor and did hear sirens in the middle of the night. My room faced the main street below. I had a very pretty view on an old ornate building across the street. The rooms have pretty odd shapes. They are kind of  triangular. The bathrooms are okay in size. Not big but not small. 
The 5th floor has the pool, gym, sauna, and outside deck. There are also some residential suites on this floor too. 
The breakfast area is on the mezzanine level and it is very nice. I don't know the price for the buffet breakfast because I used HH vouchers. They have plenty of stations for every taste. I was impressed by how many different varieties of cereal they provided. The wait staff is nice and pretty quick too.
Overall, it was a very enjoyable stay because the hotel was nice and the location was great. 
FYI: Wawa is on the corner just past the subway station.
Our stay overall was fine, but it was hard to overcome my initial customer service experience. Considering I regularly get better service at Holiday Inn, this was a sour moment and we will not be returning. But first, I'll give you the pros of this hotel: 

Rooms were fairly clean and the location was excellent, walkable not only to the Convention Center but to restaurants, transit and entertainment. The bed was clean and comfortable, though the bathroom was dim and decidedly run down. Overall, it was the poor customer service that never really allowed us to feel at ease here. 

I arrived later (11pm) Friday night to join my husband, who was still out on the town. When I approached the front desk and gave his name, I was told that since he had not added my name to his reservation they could not give me a key to his room. That's fair, but I urgently needed a restroom. That's when they told me that the restrooms on the (totally desolate) first floor were reserved for guests or customers of the (apparently closed) bar and restaurant. I offered to call my husband, but no go. When I pressed the issue, that I was happy to wait in their lobby but really needed the restroom, they did me the begrudging "favor" of making me a key for the locked restrooms. However, when I entered the restaurant area to use it I was promptly told that the area was closed, and asked if I was a guest. After being bounced back and forth between the restroom and desk, and hearing via text that my husband was headed my way, I ended up waiting an uncomfortable twenty minutes in the lobby. In that time nobody spoke to me except to ascertain whether or not I was allowed to be there, and the woman at the front desk simply stared at me. 

Considering I'd just arrived from the airport and a long flight, I'll assume I was 25% less reasonable than average. That still leaves me 75% upset, and 100% headed somewhere else next year.
My usual haunt in downtown Philly was booked, so being a loyal HiltonHhonors member I booked the Doubletree. Guess what - they just surpassed the Garden Inn as my go-to spot in downtown Philly.

The location is superb, the staff is very friendly and helpful, and my room was nicely appointed and very clean. The lobby bar, "Standing O" has a cool vibe with a nice TV at the bar.

I'll be back.
Booked a 2 Queen & 1 sofa bed suite on the 5th floor for a short stay w/ my family. 

Apparent the 5th floor suites are fairly newly renovated. It had new modern ceramic floor tile in the sitting room & bathroom, granite counters & new appliances. The bed area had a nice desk, TV & comfy beds with extra pillows.

The sitting area was a nice, comfortable size with a table, 2 chairs, sofa, coffee table & TV plus a kitchenette with a microwave, small fridge, dishwasher, coffee maker & a small assortment of dishes.

Room was very comfortable & clean, hotel was clean and was also very conveniently located. City center, Reading Terminal etc was only a 5-10 min walk and the Liberty Bell area was only a 15-20 min walk (with children in tow).

All in all, definitely would recommend it for the amenities, price & location.
And to think that when I lived in Philadelphia I thought this looked like a nice place! I booked a room for a week as a conference I'm attending is being held here. When calling to ensure that I could have a late checkout, I was told there was no record of my reservation. I scoured my car, apartment and email and could not find the confirmation number. But I made the reservation, of that I'm sure. When I called, they couldn't offer any help, couldn't honor the $132/night rate but offered me a room at $264/night with 1 bed. 

The supervisor I spoke to, Angela, suggested I call in the morning. I did. Steven, from executive services, lowered the rate to $189/night with 1 bed but otherwise had no interest in accommodating me and, in fact, stated that "these rooms are going to sell, so I will get as much money as I can for them". We're staying somewhere else even though the conference is being held here. This experience of poor customer service and value has denigrated my perception of Doubletree in general and I will not seek their services in the future.
I had numerous issues with this hotel, the most irritating of which were being triple charged on a base bill of $1,100 and being incessantly texted by the hotel staff each day despite repeatedly asking them to stop texting me. 

The hotel itself is decent, the room was clean and large but the doors all slammed shut too heavily on their actuators and the angled windows made it difficult to completely close the curtains.

The fitness center and executive lounge were both nice but these did not offset the poor performance in other more critical areas.
Mediocre- what can I say. Mediocre service, rooms, amenities. I guess if I had paid 60$ for the room, I may have felt like it was a deal. 

What's unforgiveable is the unclean bathrooms with stray hairs and dustballs, and spots on the bedsheets which were gross. But the ultimate sin? A bug on the bed. Coming back from a workout at the hotel gym, I found a bug on my bed. Thank God I saw it right away and was able to kill it before it did anything to me. Alas, still ended up with a bug bite the morning after-  this place will not be one of my go-to sites in the future.

And what is the deal about the free cookie rave? I was never offered one when I checked in. Who cares about a free cookie that's mass produced when your room is dirty and service is spotty?

Rather stay at Embassy Suites which is cleaner, nicer, and just overall better.
Great place to stay friendly all the way around and the lounge at the bar great food and best bar tenders around !!
My parents used to stay here when they visited us in Philly - we had a very small apartment. And my parents are smart shoppers. They always got a deal.

I stayed here too, once, and the staff is great. They are generous with the little things and helpful in all kinds of ways. The look is corporate, but the people are so not. 

And the location is handy. I'd recommend it to almost anyone.
We stayed here for a conference, and this hotel was pretty nice. I loved the fiber optic chandelier as you enter the wide open lobby. I'm assuming that we didn't receive our warm cookie because we were part of a conference group so perhaps I'll let that slide. But the location is absolutely perfect in the midst of the several theaters, The University of Arts, right down the street from City Hall, and a Wawa only one block away. In short, it's location in Center City puts you in the center of all the action, and I loved every moment of it!

The rooms were really nice and clean with large windows opening you to the city below and part of the river in the distance. This hotel has 26 floors, and we stayed on the 19th. Beware that the elevator doors only remain open when you press the button, I tried sticking my arm in the doorway and almost lost it. Also, I think most guests would appreciate if they fixed whatever the elevators were hitting once they passed certain floors. The sound was so loud it caused us to jump even when we knew it was coming. 

We had some minor trouble with our parking tickets as they were charged to two different cards and marked with two different checkout dates even though the rooms were reserved under the same name and card. Check your parking ticket before leaving; it'll save you time and energy. 

Overall, I liked this hotel. There's plenty of space as there were three different groups at the same time including a cake pop con! The rooms were nicely put together. A bathroom fan would be nice. The staff was friendly. I'd stay here again if provided the opportunity.
We stayed at this hotel in downtown Center City Philly, and it was generally a nice stay. You pretty much can't beat the location. You're a block from City Hall, right on the Avenue of the Arts, nearby everything, within walking distance of Chinatown and in the heart of the city.

When we checked in, we asked for a room as high up as we could get because I wanted a good view. They put us on the top floor. Unfortunately, the room we got was not satisfactory. The toilet handle broke the first time we used it. The heating and cooling unit was expelling something into the air that was aggravating my asthma. And the door handle was half broken. And our neighbors were loud assholes (which I recognize was not the hotel's fault).

We asked if we could be moved and they very kindly not only moved us but upgraded us into one of the suites that is almost like a mini apartment with a kitchenette and a full size fridge, etc. This room was clearly newer (the suites are in a different attached building of the hotel). It was much nicer, quieter and better all around. Once we moved over there we were quite comfortable and enjoyed the rest of our stay very much. I would definitely come back and pay the premium rate for one of those suites again.

I want to give a special shout out to the staff, who were accommodating in every way. The only thing that bothered me was that often the line at the front desk would get completely out of control and they would still only have like one or two people there helping.

Bonus points for the awesome LED lighting thing in the lobby. I seriously could have watched that thing change colors for hours.
Very nice hotel located within walking distance of everything.  There are bars, restaurants, even gelato just a block or two away.  The room was clean and large.  We had a great view of downtown Philly.  The service staff were very helpful and attentive.  I would stay here again.
Nice outside, filthy inside. 

This is a relatively nice Doubletree in center city. It's conveniently located, the lobby is nice (I like the fiber optic chandelier), and the front desk is pleasant.  The breakfast is pretty nice, though the food is no better than any hotel.  On paper and anywhere but the rooms, there's nothing really obviously wrong with this place.

The problem: this place is filthy. The rooms are in a seemingly perpetual state of brokenness: in my room, the ceiling in the bathroom was literally falling apart (moisture is weakening the drywall, there's no ventilation), the toilet made a loud screeching sound when flushed, and - one morning - hot water was entirely shut off and brown water flowed through the pipes for about an hour.  When I checked in, the carpet in my room was absolutely filthy (hair, dust, etc.) and only really ended up clean after a few days' cleanings by the staff.  Even the technology was broken: the TV would randomly freeze when used and require a restart, the clock was four hours off (and I couldn't figure out how to fix it), and the WiFi would randomly shut off throughout the night.

More broadly, I think this place is feeling its age and limitations.  The building itself is designed in such a way that some unlucky customers may find themselves in a room directly next to elevator lobbies (lots of hotels are cleverly designed to avoid this for obvious reasons).  The decor and amenities are pretty old.  Where improvements have been made, things haven't gotten better: for example, the showers, which appear to be newly redone, drip/leak unless you fiddle the knob ~just right~.  The concierge staff appear to be pulling double duty as doormen/bellboys/whatever, meaning they are frequently missing (or off smack talking with each other) when you need them. 

This place still has promise, and I hope that the Hilton staff step in and make the right improvements soon.
The best part about this hotel was the location, literally you are surrounded by great places to eat and tons of bars .

Pros :
Sweet ass chocolate chip and walnut cookie.

sweet view

bottle open in bathroom

Cons:
parking is $25

wifi is $10

happy hour ends at 6

Would stay for a an over night trip but not several nights, parking and wifi adds up.


-
Other than the cookies, this hotel is sub-standard. The staff is rude and acts as though even the easiest tasks are a major deal. The pool is small, dirty, and overcrowded. The rooms are ok, although the bathroom was quite dirty. My biggest complaint is the wifi, which is $9.95 per device per day, which means if you have a family it can be more than $50 a day, which is so ridiculously expensive you might as well just buy a Hilton Honors membership. Not only that, but the wifi is still painfully slow.
First of all, I can't believe I was able to get such a great deal on Priceline for this hotel. Jackpot! The location is hard to beat and the hotel is clean and well-maintained. 

My boyfriend and I stayed here for 3 nights in October for his birthday and the Eagles Monday Night Football game. The staff was friendly, the warm cookies were delightful and the view of the city from our room was nice. The beds were comfortable, the bathroom spacious and there was a mini fridge and coffee maker. 

If you are visiting Philly, it is very convenient to stay here and take the subway. There are tons of nearby shops and restaurants in walking distance too. When we come back to Philly, we will probably stay here again.
Loud construction work into the early morning on Monday and Wednesday night.  So loud that it kept us up for most of the night.

Rooms are decent and clean for an older hotel.
Pro: Good location, relatively affordable.

Con: *We had to wait ten minutes for the elevator to arrive to take us downstairs.

*Wi-Fi is not free unless you are a Hilton Honors member. I had to call Hilton Honors and wait on hold to try and get access to my account so that I could get the free Wi-Fi that is promised to Hilton Honors members.

*Staff texted me at 10:00 PM to check in to see how our stay was going. They text again at 11:00 PM or so, and then after we had checked out checking to see how everything was going, even though we had already checked out. No thanks.

*Unfriendly front staff. (We accidentally booked for the wrong night and the lady at the front desk basically said, "There is nothing I can do. You better find out a solution because we only have 4 rooms left. You should call the website we used to book the room to see if you could change." We called and thankfully they were able to change the reservation for us. We went back to the front desk and the lady said the reservation didn't come through, even though we presented her with the confirmation number. She didn't try to troubleshoot in any way. So we left the front desk and waited for for a long time hoping that the hotel would get the reservation in their system. Finally, we went back to the front desk and they couldn't locate it at first, then they finally found it.)

Overall, a bland and an unwelcoming hotel. It was like they didn't want us to be there, and thus we will not be back.
So I checked all the yelp & trip advisor reviews before I booked my stay here at Doubletree. It was not worth what I paid for! I'm not sure what everyone else is talking about... this is why I'm taking the time to write this review.

I woke up way early in the morning to hearing conversations in the hallway (doors and walls are like paper thin!) The lady checking me in could have been nicer.... she just kept carrying on a conversation with her co-worker. It was pouring rain outside, I had asked the bellman for an umbrella as I was to go across the street and they didn't know if they had any. The tub in the bathroom had hairs still in it (so gross!). I asked if the hotel had a microwave for me to warm up my food I had just bought and the man laughed on the phone at me and asked me what a microwave was... and when he realized what I was saying he said it would be a $10 charge to bring it up to my hotel room. I guess that's understandable.... but the best part... I asked for 1 plate and a fork to be delivered up to my room... they told me it  would be 50 mins until they could do that. This was on a Thursday afternoon! Why the hell would it take that long? I ended up saying no thanks... I wasn't going to wait 50 mins to eat my food that was already getting cold. 

Bottom line: the only good thing about this place are the warm chocolate chip cookies.
Some relatives stayed here recently, because I didn't have room for them at my place.  They tell me the Doubletree was "ok, but nothing to write home about."  Convenient both to public transportation and to walking around the city.  Lots of groups coming and going; don't try to check out at the last minute if you have a flight to catch.
My favorite property to stay at while in Philly. Friendly staff, spacious rooms, great food! Additionally, in close walking distance to many areas of Philly old and new. I highly recommend giving this property a chance.
The first night we stayed here I called down to ask for a new coffee maker and the woman at the desk said she would send someone up.  An hour later I called again as no one showed up.  Again she said she would send someone and again nothing.  It wasn't until the next morning when I called again and one was brought up.  
Lunch day one was a nightmare.  Mediocre food at best and horrible service-  it took 2 hours and no apology.  Apparently the wait staff was new, but she never apologized and no one else from the staff came to help.
Night 3.  We have cockroaches in our room.  And if corse no other available rooms.
So far we have been here for 3 hrs and this is the worst stay. If all the other Hilton's were not sold out tonight we would be switching hotels. Our room is like a sauna and we went to complain and they said they would send maintenance. That was at 5;45 and it is now 7:12 and still no maintenance. She. I say it is hot it is beyond. We turned the heating into off but it is still blowing hot air. The front desk offered free dinner which was nice but what about the room?! This is so upsetting. I tried calling down to front desk and no one answers the phone just rings. We are in the Junior Executive Suite and are beyond disappointed and by the way it doesn't include the Executive Lounge? We are Gold level and paying way too much for this room and terrible experience 3 hrs into our check in. Don't know if we can last until Wednesday!!  Happy Anniversary to us! Thanks Doubletree 
Update: staff reached out and apologized for all the trouble on first night and gave us access to Executive Lounge. I would have preferred the first night be credited back as it was beyond frustrating having to go to front desk twice with issues. Maintenance finally came about 7:25 and fixed the problem. It took another hour or so for the room to cool off. By then the start of our Anniversary evening was ruined. On a side note, the breakfast is nothing to write home about. The gravy has water instead of milk in it and the biscuits dry and the scrambled eggs are watery. The omelette station is the best thing going.
It was my third time staying at the Hilton hotel group. I like DoubleTree by Hilton. Location of the hotel was really great and they have nice and very clean rooms. Nowadays, they are renovating their rooms. My significant one and I stayed in a suite room I really like it.
Customer care: Don't book this hotel in any situation where you pre-pay if you can avoid it. They won't work with you if plans change and they are not available to discuss things no matter how many times you call during a normal business day. Front desk was polite, but also useless with regards to bookings. I called and left a message with Eric, but no 

Hotel: Nothing special here. Standard look and feel. Overall fairly clean. Paying for internet? Really?

Amenities: They call that a workout room? Very awkward glass box, with tiled floor. Nothing provided to wipe down machines. Single recumbent bike. Single cushioned mat for stretching. Hope no one else wants to use it for sit ups or you'll be waiting for a while. Pool is undersized. 

Room service: In a word, slow. Thirty minutes to bring up a glass of wine? The Malbec was terrible, couldn't even finish it. Another 30 minutes to charge and return credit card.
We stayed here for 2 nights and booked it through Travelzoo for a better rate. Overall, the stay itself was alright - the hotel was in the center of everything in Philly, and the room was clean (for the most part..the magnifying mirror was full of finger prints, windows were dirty) and of a decent size. The shower had good water pressure! Cookies were not warm though :(

My biggest complaint is their customer service. The people that worked at the front desk did not seem friendly at all. We originally requested for a king sized bed, but was told they didn't have any available when we checked in. Fine, but they walked away so fast from us that we couldn't even say another word. On day 2, I walked up to the front with a question and the employees obviously noticed me standing there, but continued their casual conversation with me in front of them. When they finally acknowledged me, based on their tone of voice, I got the sense that they either didn't want to help or had better things to do. This surprised me because we were treated very well at the Doubletree in Manhattan when we stayed there. And because...well, shouldn't you just treat others with kindness and respect?? 

Anyway, I wanted to give it 2 stars but it's worth the extra star because the hotel is in a very good and safe location (~10 min walk to Reading Terminal Market & Chinatown; ~20 min walk to the Magic Garden & Spruce Street Harbor Park; subway stop right outside of the hotel; many bars and restaurants nearby), and the room wasn't bad for what we paid. Self parking is $30/day in the tiny garage next to the hotel. Ubers/Lyfts are super cheap in Philly (compared to NYC) so take advantage of that!
Stayed here with a bunch of friends as a Hilton Honors member. It's centrally located to everything and within walking distance of the Liberty Bell and many of the downtown tourist attractions. There's a ton of great restaurants within a few blocks of this place and it's right near public transit. 

The morning buffet was great, reasonably priced, and so convenient. Room was clean and the check-in process was seamless. They also held our luggage on the last day when we checked out. Ask for a high-floor room to get the best views of the city!
This hotel is perfect location! You can walk out the doors and walk right to the metro. The metro will
Take you to the arena, in 5 stops. Very easy. The rooms were clean, but the hotel was not. The Honors lounge was so dirty, it needed to be vacuumed and dishes were still laying around from the night before. They only had one tiny dish for dinner. Nothing else, unlike most hiltons that have fruit, veggies and appetizers. The staff was for the most part very friendly. The hotel restaurants were done serving food at 11pm, if you do go out and not plan to get back before than I would highly recommend Cinder down the street. Great pizza. 

I think if the hotel just needs to be cleaned more.
Very unfriendly at check in. Very poor customer service. When the manager was called for assistance, he did not offer any apology, as he only cared about the rate. I was willing to pay double the rate but the service was so rude. The reception was unfriendly. The attendant at the front was unfriendly.  The service here was so out of align with Hilton service that we actually left early and ended our Hilton Honors membership.  The next night we stayed down the street at a nice hotel for less with more upgrades.
I've stayed in many Doubletrees (I'm a "Hilton person" per frequent traveler lingo) and this is probably the worst. They wanted to charge me $10 for a mini fridge, there were no complimentary bottles of water, the sheets were filled with lint, the place seems run down, and front desk service was brusque. The worst was the bathroom--there were pubic hairs and the whole tub was filthy and filled with yellow gunk (see pics). Fortunately I always carry a bottle of Lysol and I emptied the whole thing in that bathtub. The only saving grace (and the reason for 2 stars) is that the blond bellhop boy carried my bags without complaint and I didn't see any bedbugs.
Everything was in the 4 star range until I found a large cockroach in my bathroom. The reason I'm doing 2 instead of 1 star is the staff was very apologetic and quick to act. Maintenance came to remove it and management moved me to a different room. But I won't be comfortable again after seeing that roach. And I wouldn't stay here again or recommend that you do. Try your luck somewhere else, or roll the dice and be comforted knowing the staff will be very nice and professional when you find a big roach in your room. Ugh.
This is an awesome hotel at a great location!  Grab a bite and watch a show!!!  All in one area.  The one draw back is you are close to south philly and it can get pretty sketchy.  Just don't walk to far down the street!  Other than that, you are in walking distance to shopping, restaurants, bars, theaters, and historic philadelphia!!!

Beds are so comfortable.
Cookies upon arrival.
and like Kathleen Y below me said, the wolfgang coffee and neutrogena products so you don't have to lug all your toiletries with you.  I mean they even have face wash and lotion with spf 15 in it!!

Concierge is very helpful and friendly.  Front desk too!  I heard that the restaurant and bar is great but never did make it.  Maybe my next trip?  But why stay in the hotel when there is soo much to discover in this great city?
Should be zero stars!

I arrived around 2:30pm to check in on Sept 1st, but was told that my room wouldn't be ready. So, I walked around for a bit and came back around 3:30pm. Again, I was told that my room wasn't ready...even though check-in is guaranteed by 3pm. It wouldn't be a big deal, but had plans in an hour and needed to shower and get ready beforehand.

Although, I repeatedly asked for and guaranteed that my room was not next to the elevator, when I got to the room, I was put right next to it. There was toilet paper in the toilet, debris on the floor, and drawers left open. But was in a rush to get ready, so accepted it. 

When I got back that evening at 11pm, there were very loud people by the elevator, exactly why I asked to not be by the elevator. When I called to the front desk to ask them to do something about the noise, I got major attitude. So, I requested a change of room.

I was placed in a room far from the elevator. When I entered the bathroom, there was water damage on the ceiling and paint peeling. Disgusting!! By this time, it was almost midnight but I can't stay in a place that looks like the ceiling may fall in on me. So, I went down to the front desk to request another room and complain about the horrible service I've gotten so far. Again, I received major attitude from the front desk.

I'll never stay at this hotel again unless it undergoes a major overhaul! Besides the deplorable condition of the rooms and put-upon attitude of the front desk, there were cobwebs all along the walls of the windows in the lobby. Avoid at all cost!!!
This was my first time stayng at the double tree in Philly, was I was excited.  This hotel is in a great location

First, when I walked into the lobby, the music was so loud, i coud not  hear the front desk clerk. . My room it was nice, but  there are a fews things that need to be looked at .  The closet door need to be fixed,  the toliet was really loud, and i have to say,  to double tree needs to get get softer towel

My biggest concern was my front door, there was a a very larger gap, so if you walked down the hall, you can see if i  was in my room if the light was on. (see pic). I had to put a towel on the floor. Also there was a crack celing with mold on the wall (sec pic).

i did go back  to the  front and ask to change my room, but nothing was free, they help me in a differnet way, and i was ok with the outcome.

I liked the fact,I got my cookie. love the email information made me feel important

Overall, nice hotel, but small changes need to be made
This was a great hotel! We used to live in Philadelphia but had to move for work. We needed to return for a few days after moving and booked a room at this hotel for two nights in August 2019.

The location is great. It's a few blocks south of city hall (epicenter of Philly) on Broad St. 13th street (a million bars and restaurants) is one block away and Rittenhouse is walkable. 

The lobby is huge and contains a bar and a coffee shop. 

The hotel itself is massive. We were given a room on the 20th floor and had beautiful views of the south of the city. You could even see Lincoln Financial and Citizens Bank Park from our windows! The room was large and clean. 

The bed was a king and was extremely comfortable. The thermostat was easily accessible and easy to see in the dark. The room readily became cold to our liking, providing for a cozy sleep under the fluffy duvet. 

The bathroom was standard size and equipped with all of the shower sundries. The shower water pressure was impressive. The soap did slip from my hands a couple times. 

I actually received a text from the hotel manager daily asking how my room was and if there was anything I needed. This would have been more helpful had I actually needed something but it was incredible! 

I would highly recommend staying in this hotel if it fits your budget.
This hotel is everything you want in your stay! It's close to everything, easy parking ($28 overnight), and great views! Upon check in got a warm yummy cookie and headed to the room. The room was smaller but that wasn't an issue. The beds were clean the view spectacular and bathroom very nice. 

The pool area is kinda small but does the trick the deck near the pool, is really nice for sun bathing and relaxing. The gym while I didn't use it looked nice. I like that they have a nice lobby and outside dinning options. Great stay!
Fine hotel and everyone seems pretty nice. So how you gonna charge $28 for parking per night and $10 for internet per day? It's 2015 bruh. I already paid plenty for the room. You want me to pay for water and electric too??

Plus the bathroom ceiling legit looks like it's about to fall down.
Visiting from NYC for the weekend, me, bf & best friend stayed here.

We decided it would be nice to get away from NY for a few days and I scored a sick deal on this hotel from hotwire.com.  

It is what it is.  Not the most luxurious hotel, but for the money we spent ($60 each for 3 people for 2 nights) it was great. We aren't fancy schmancy people.  

No major noise issues throughout the stay.  One evening a bunch of kids were running around the hallway for a few minutes, but that's nothing.  Oh, the toilet was rather loud when it flushed, it whistled a happy tune, and sometimes at random moments.  More amusing than anything else.

The cookies were pretty damn awesome, and I got em all since my roomies don't like nuts in cookies. :D

Anyway, I'd definitely stay there again, as long as I get an awesome hotwire deal.

Check-in was a breeze.  We were able to check in at 11:30am even though the real check-in time is 4pm.  Our room was clean, spacious and the beds were very comfy.   The toiletries were Neutrogena.
The hotel itself was nice. Staff was good, professional and ver helpful. Centrally located as well.  The traffic noise was a bit loud at times
Decent hotel, was only here for one night. Parking is very high compared to the spot across the street.
The rooms need renovation badly. The faucets and light switches were broken. The layout is terrible and the bathrooms quite poor. 

The breakfast food was good and the staff was very friendly. The Walnut subway station is outside of the building and a huge benefit. The location's excellent. 

This hotel reeks of being purchased by Hilton and not being properly renovated. There's a pool, but no jacuzzi, which is most unfortunate. The windows are too cloudy/dirty to take photographs.
Picked this place because it was a good rate and downtown.  They only had one person working a desk during prime check-in time, and our room was missing the number plate which really set me off.  However, Doubletree apparently gives you fresh baked chocolate chip cookies which can make some of your issues better.  It does have affordable self-parking adjacent to the hotel which I really appreciated ($14 a day I think), since some parking in Philly can run $35 a day.  The rooms were just okay, they are going to remodel the hotel but were advertising it as though it had already been done, which it wasn't.  It is centrally located though and because it is so tall you have nice views of Broad.  I think I'd wait until the remodel is finished before staying there again.
First my reservation from 3rd party booking was lost. Then I was told they can't book reservations at the desk then I was told I couldn't have same rates and that the booking I did was too cheap. Then had to rebook all while I explained my mother is dying in hospital , so I had no choice but pay double what I would have. Then I was told that I couldn't keep the room. Then I tried to book another reservation at the desk and was told they couldn't I explained my issues the night before and Nacy helped me out and was very nice but still got had issues was sent to a dirty room with broken tv then worst of all as being helped with nacy we had to rush to hospital my room was charged for parking but I didn't have ticket. I figured I could explain it and it would be an easy fix but nope. Worst experience ever Ron the parking garage manager refused to give a refund when his employee didn't give me a recipe Mt even tho I paid threw the Hilton. I explained and even showed his worker proof that I had to get the hospital in a rush, because my mother was having emergency Brian surgery. So I got double charged for now reason and this greedy company thought it was funny to laugh in my face.  Rude and disrespectful staff I'm ashamed that they are part of Hilton double tree in philly and associated with a company that I have stock in. Never have I ever experienced someone laughing in my face over someone about to die. I'm so ashamed of this company.
Upon arrival, checking in was great. The gentleman that took care of us was very kind and professional. He kept his friendliness and professionalism even after I constantly had to ask him to repeat himself (couldn't understand through his mask) My only issue there was, when I booked my stay, I purposely left my phone number under "landline" to avoid the text solicitation. He asked for a mobile number for EMERGENCIES, we of course supplied a number. About an hour or so later, we started receiving unwanted hotel texts. No, it's not THAT major, however, when your away and want nothing to do with your phone, it's a bit annoying. Yes, I could have simply not checked the text but when your screen lights up with "maybe: Jennifer" (good ol iPhone) you might NEED to check that to avoid issues with ur spouse. Just saying. Even after NOT replying the texts still rolled in, unwanted. I would have been OK if we were told that the number provided would be to check in about our stay. No need to ask for a number under false pretenses.
Moving onto the room. Very clean and comfortable. The AC was great. Everything worked accordingly.
Parking: when booked, it said parking is available. I'm the type to read the fine print. No it wasn't stated that there was an EXPENSIVE fee for parking. (I booked via Priceline) parking was an additional $35 a night. Still, no problem, nothing is free BUT be aware of the charge.
Moving along, upon checking in, we were asked to leave a $100 deposit for incidentals. No problem with that either, but why wasn't this explained to me when making the reservation? Or even requested at the time of reservation. I paid up front for a reason.
Now here's where it gets annoying, frustrating and the real reason for my 2 star review..
So now, I paid a total of $434.24 on Priceline, upfront. Then I paid an additional $100.00 for incidentals. Then I paid another $70 for parking. I wake up with a text from my bank, I was charged $20.00 at 4:11am. No invoice, no text from "Jennifer", just a simple charge. Freedom to randomly charge my card? Of course we call to see what it was for and now I have CHRIS on the phone. Who by the way needs to be taught professionalism and patience..
-Hi, I was charged $20 this morning, can u let me know what that's for please.
He says; sure and proceeds to speed through there very confusing policy. He says, we keep $100 for the incidentals and since u chose to park for two nights, we took your $70 for parking form your incidentals and charged you $20 to keep it $100.
Naturally I said, what that makes no sense.
Note: Especially since I was charged the $20 a day later, after I paid the parking. Anyone would be confused by this.
CHRIS decided to cop an attitude and reply with "well, if u listen to what I'm saying" .. No Chris, YOU listen to me.. your policy wasn't explained to me as it should have been the time of parking charges. So maybe you should take a step back and realize that YOUR confusing policy isn't my fault and I'm asking a simple question about where my money went at 4:11am. If the parking and incidentals charges were swapped and that was explained as it should have been, I wouldn't be on the phone with you, now would I be? So maybe, keep your attitude and understand that your co workers didn't do their job effectively and answer my question accordingly.
As you can see, I'm very organized, yes it's only $20 but I want to know where my $20 went. Is that so wrong. We are polite, kind, well mannered people. Our room before check out was practically cleaned for the maids, makes their job easier. Room 1522, go ahead and verify that. What I don't appreciate is your nasty attitude when in fact your confusing policy was the issue.
Would I stay here again, no bc the sneaky, yet justified charges annoyed me and honestly, CHRIS really killed my vibe after speaking to him. Would i recommend, absolutely not. I stay out in Philly 2 nights a month for 7 months, never coming back.
I have mixed feelings about the Doubletree Center City. Our experience was pretty good to begin with but went downhill and never bounced back. Let me explain...

After a red-eye flight from Phoenix and navigating SEPTA from the airport, we arrived at the Doubletree around 10am on a weekend day (forgive me...my review is late, it's been a couple months). We planned to just drop our bags off but lucky for us, there was a room available and the employee at the front desk was happy to let us check in early. The only downside, the room was next to the elevator. We were exhausted and dying to freshen up so we said that was fine and took it. We were given two freshly baked cookies and a couple room keys and before you knew it, we were up in our room.

Our room was indeed right off of the elevator, just around the corner to the right. We had a requested a king but because this was available at the time, we end up with two doubles, which was a blessing in disguise. The room was clean, had large windows to let the daylight in, and was quite comfortable. Seriously, the bed was outstanding.  The only odd set up was the furniture placement. Since the windows take up a corner, when you want to close the curtains you must pull them toward the center. This would usually be an easy feat but there is chair with a lamp in the corner so I had to do some odd maneuvering to get them completely shut. I should have taken a photo but if you check out some of the photos from other yelpers, you will see what I mean. Surprisingly, we had no issues with elevator noise which we assumed was why we were given the disclaimer upon check in, but it was super quiet. The only downside to the elevator is that there are only four of them and in the morning we actually had to pass up multiple elevators stopping because we couldn't fit with the amount of people that were in them.

Fast-forward to night number two. We are getting settled in, watching tv in the dark and I get up to use the restroom with he light of the tv leading my way. When I sit down on the toilet, I notice the seat is wet but don't think anything of it...but then I feel a droplet hit my back. I finish up and turn on the light, and wouldn't you know, there is a leak above and a nice yellow puddle forming alongside the toilet.

My girlfriend calls down to the front desk to ask to have someone sent up to take a look but the first thing the person at the desk says is "We don't have any other rooms available" to which she responds "I'm not asking for another room, I am asking you to send someone up because there is a leak". Anyway...the maintenance man comes up and says "You need to move". By this point, our room is filled with the stench of urine. So unbelievably gross. He leaves to go check on the room above us to make sure everything is ok...they won't let him in. When he comes back he calls down telling the front that we can't stay in the room and wouldn't you know....wait for it....the room NEXT DOOR to us was available. How convenient even though the front desk was so quick to tell us that there were no openings. Funny how that works. We pack up all our stuff and move it over, finally getting settled in a new room around 12:30am. Room #2 thankfully does not smell like pee but the but my new bed was horrible. :( Girlfriend offers to switch the mattresses since we still have the key but at this point I am too tired.

We checked out two days later and have had conversations with the staff regarding our experience between switching rooms and when we left. The morning crew the next day was not aware of any situations that had happened the previous night and offered to pass along names and phone numbers so management could be in touch. That never happened either. I get it, things happen in hotels, but it's the lack of follow up that is the most concerning. While continuing with our vacation, the last thing we are thinking of is trying to call a hotel back who said they would in contact with us. Days go by, we get back home and jump back into work. Disappointing for sure, but not forgotten...that's why the review is months overdue. So yes, I would recommend staying here for the convenience, but you are taking your chances in case something goes wrong. Chances are nothing will, but in the event it does, I hope your outcome is better than mine.
This hotel was not as bad as a one star may give off. But my experience was pretty one-starish. I drove up to
Philly for the weekend from D.C. upon my arrival to the hotel there are no clear signs for parkIng just to check in or parking to park. If you want to check in there is a small lane next to the front of the hotel that you just stop in the middle of and block all traffic from getting through. So confused, I just parked my car in the garage and brought all the bags in in one trip.  

When I get to the front desk the staff wasn't mean but they weren't friendly. Very unenthused to welcome me as a guest. The free cookie really couldn't make up for their bland attitude. I had an issue with payment for the room because it was supposed to be covered by a third  party. I was told to have the third party call the staff to confirm payment and all would be fine. 

When I got to the room it was seemingly clean. The bathroom was  my biggest issue. At first glance it looked like their was dirt in the tub. When I called the front desk to see if someone could clean it out, the cleaning staff kind of brushed  it off. They were so sure it was rust, they didn't even want to look in the tub at first. They wouldn't even spray it with their solution just to appease me.

Once I contacted the third party paying for my stay, they requested a hotel contact. I went down to the front desk to ask who that would be and the man could care less. He finally wrote down the name of some managers and told me when they would be in. 

Overall, this place is conviently located but way overpriced. Parking is 30 dollars a day, which is extremely ridiculous. If the staff was even a tad bit nicer it would have made the  stay a little more enjoyable. 

I would like to shout out the banquet hall staff. They were very nice and friendly.
As with all doubletrees, you get a warm cookie on check-in. The ones we got were a little sub-par (I think had been in warmer a little too long). But hey, I don't cookie discriminate. 

Our room was actually on the end, aka corner room. So big! They gave us complimentary breakfast coupons for their restaurant on the mezzanine floor for both days we were there. You can either get continental buffet breakfast (very tasty I recommend this....there is a omelet attending station!). They have everything. OR: get one entree on bkfast menu for free. 

Booking tip: if you are a hiltons's member look for discount deals! We had a weekend booking and it was about $130/night!
*do not stay here*

Oh how lovely to wake up Tuesday morning and be peppered with insect bites after sleeping in the second bed in my hotel room at The DoubleTree by Hilton Center City Philadelphia. What else is lovely is how rude and inconsiderate the staff has been on the matter. How they have the nerve to say to me, "where else have you been?" Where they have the gaul to lock me out of my room as I handle the matter. You told my boss I was angry and making a scene and drawing other guests into, which is absolutely not true. Why? Because I'm a black woman? Maybe I should have made a scene because clearly the diplomatic route is pointless. Where they insist I am lying because they can't find a bed bug when they "inspect." Absence of evidence is not proof. You know what is proof? The bites in these photos that I did not have Monday night when I showered and went to bed, but definitely had Tuesday morning when I woke up and now on Wednesday are swollen enough to make movements difficult. Where they send a man to a woman's room to come and inspect my things who then mansplains to me about bed bugs. The service at this establishment is already awful and I could let pretty much all of that slide, but I have been HARMED by this hotel and the staff's behavior is just kneading the harm. I have stayed at this chain before and enjoyed my stay (Scottsdale location is stellar!), so I was looking forward to my stay at The DoubleTree by Hilton City Center Philadelphia. Apparently my expectations were too high for even subpar service. Whatever happened to, "if you're not satisfied with your stay, let us know and we'll make it right?" So reads the sign in all your guest rooms. I did let you know and you belittled me, embarrassed me, ignored me, locked me out, and then gave me a sack of your cookies on my way out the door. I've had better experiences at hostels! Time to call the Department of Health. BUT FOR sleeping in this bed, at this hotel, I would not have hot welts the size of my hand on my torso and I wouldn't have to burn all my things. Now I am making a scene.
The bathroom was showing its age.  The thermostat was wonky.  Outdoor seating areas with NO furniture to actually sit on, which is needed since there isn't an area out front by the street to enjoy the scenery or the weather.  The buffet was the WORST experience of my life.  Unorganized staff that were so unpleasant and not one person had a smile on their face.  The omlette maker used a rag to wipe down the counter and used the SAME RAG to wipe out the skillet.  The person tidying up the bagel/toast section removed the catch pan from the toaster and let someone's english muffin fall on the dirty counter AND LEFT IT THERE.  I had to ask for silverware, ask for ketchup.  No one ever came to refill my water so I had to conserve the ONE glass that I had. The only great things about this hotel are the location and Crystal at the front desk.
This is by far the worst Hilton I've ever stayed at in my life, and I've stayed at a lot all over the world.  First of all: our suite upgrade wasn't an upgrade at all:  We have to take two slow, tiny, and crowded elevators to get to our floor instead of one.  The "suite" is no bigger than a normal room except it includes a tiny extra bit of hallway with a fridge, sink, and microwave - same amenities as an ordinary room, but an extra 5-6 minute effort to get to the room.

The elevators here are always full. Routinely, during the busy hours of the day, we have to pass on 2-3 filled to capacity elevator cars on the transfer floor (5th floor) just to get to the lobby.  

The digital key system is also extremely slow and does not open all of the doors that the app otherwise says it will open.  

The bathroom lighting is severely dim and installed in a way that creates a shadow when trying to use the mirror.  We had to move a lamp and remove the lampshade just to get adequate light. 

Going back to the room upgrade: I'm not sure how the rest of the hotel is, but the nearest ice/vending to our room is at the transfer floor to this tower.  Not to mention the hotel is rennovating its little shop, so the only vending available throughout the entire hotel is soda machines that only take cash (even though they have credit card readers that don't work).

To top it all off, what pushed me over the edge was my call with room service this morning.  I don't eat pork, not just for personal reasons, but because it generally makes me sick.  When we called for room service this morning from the extremely limited choice menu, I ordered the 2-eggs freestyle.  I politely asked if I could sub the meats for an extra egg, and apparently they "can't do that," even as I laid out my reasoning, this simple request could not be accomodated.  Instead, the room service order taker implied that the eggs and meats are inventoried and, as such, a substitution was impossible.  I don't believe this to be true for a minute... but this is what finally pushed me over the edge.

There is more bad than good here, and I was only able to highlight the items that really stuck out like a sore thumb and that I could recall in my immediate anger with this establishment.  The only compliment I will give them is that the bed is comfortable, and the shower's water pressure is quite impressive, but the shower curtain had a huge booger on it (see images)! 

We will never stay here again.  After this stay, I'm questioning my loyalty to the Hilton brand entirely, as our friends on this trip at a Marriot hotel are spending less, and having a much more enjoyable time at a hotel that isn't stuck in the 19th century.

Edit: upon reading other reviews I decided to check the air filter. It is beyond gross. I attached images.
If it wasn't for the dirty boxer briefs that were not mine that I found lying in the table beneath the following morning after check in I would give this place a 5 stars. Oh not to mention the toilet cover is stained in room 2015 and there was a used woman's hair clip found in the bathroom too. In other words, housekeeping needs to do a better job. 2 stars only for the #views
We stayed here for one night for a quick trip to Philadelphia. The reason we booked this hotel is because it was closest to a friend's place. My review is very mixed, but since I'm typing this on my phone, make a bullet list:

Pros:
* good location
* free cookies
* pretty clean
* updated decor
* friendly, helpful staff

Cons:
* ridiculously slow elevators (expect to wait around 5 minutes everytime you go up or down)
* deferred maintenance in our room...water damage on the ceiling in our room that was sloppily patched and never repainted
*extremely shoddy, dirty, old parking structure that was $25 for the night. We are from LA and that's a lot even there. 
* loud frat guys in the halls at 7am. Probably an isolated incident, but super annoying.
Stayed here in July for 2 nights (daughter's college activities) and thought the place was pretty good given location, price, amenities, room size and as everyone knows, the chocolate chip cookies.  Although not a huge issue they have no TV channel guide so you wait several seconds each time you change a channel to see what channels they have and what might be on....irritating.

Fast foward to this past weekend (August) when I returned (daugher's college move in) and could not have been more disappointed.  Not sure if it's a fire regulation or not but the space between the floor and door bottom is HUGE.  Why is that an issue...you can hear every conversation in the hallway by the people who think the world around them wants to hear their every word.  Why are people so rude?  The hotel can't filter out rude people but I do expect my hotel room to get me away from them.  Okay, #2, the room smelled very strong of "room freshener" and a bit like cigarettes.  I would bet the previous occupant smoked even though it's a non smoking hotel.  Gross.  #3, the smoke detector was pulled off the wall and hanging by it's wires (previous guest unplugging it?).  #4 Urine stains on the floor around the toilet.  #5 the hot water handle on the sink fell off and was laying on the counter.  No hot water available in the sink.  

After drving 7 hours I was too tired to deal with it and just went to bed...on further reflection I should have changed rooms for the "freshener" smell issue.  But I didn't.  Trying to be helpful when I checked out I handed the hot water facet to the front desk...figuring that might get their attention to fix the room.  I told them of all the issues.  They were very nice about it.  I was not looking for anything in return but they offered a discount on my room....they took 20% off.  Not sure how I feel about that...on one hand 20% is better in my pocket than theirs, on the other it seemed a bit "light"....I would not expect "free", after all I did use the room, but I would have thought 50% was more appropriate....but whatever.

Yes I will try them again, the first stay was a 4 stars....the most recent a 1.  But just very disappointed with the experience.
Located right in the center of the city so the location can't go wrong.

I stayed on the HHonors floor so the view was very nice and the room was plenty big. The only thing I didn't like was that even though I was in the last room in the hall I could still hear the elevator every time it moved. It was a faint sound that you could only hear if you didn't have music or the TV on, but it was slightly annoying.

The restaurant and bars were nice, but unlike many hotels where the only patrons are other guests these had lots of outside people. I think this was because of the location which made it the closest bar/restaurant to the Symphony. So before the show and when it let out the place got pretty packed.
I've stayed here twice now (once prior to covid & once during covid). The location is great, because you're so close to everything (parks, historical sites, shopping, eateries). They have valet (prior to covid) but they also have a huge parking garage next door. You can validate your ticket at the front desk. The staff is always friendly and helpful. The lobby is massive, which also stores a small shop to grab little items and there's also a restaurant/bar there. 

I think the prices for the rooms are always a good deal considering location and the quality of the hotel. They do a great job cleaning them. We stayed here last night and they gave us wet ones and made sure to take extra steps to sanitize. The views of you stay higher up are exceptional. 

Overall, I enjoy staying here. Highly recommend while visiting.
I stay at hotels almost every week and have had my share and good and bad experiences.   I really enjoyed the location of this property. Close to everything

The room was layer out really weird but it was comfortable and I had a lot of room.  I don't know how I would have changed it but it was wonky.  

My big complaint was the service.  Let me first say the front desk service was great.  Where I had issues was the valet and breakfast.  In both places it seemed that I was bothering them. They really had no interest in helping me in any way.  

If you are going to stay here expect a good room and help from the front desk.  Other than that, you are on your own.
Terrible place. This has to be in the top five worst nights I've ever spent in a hotel. My room cost $300 and I probably only slept one hour. The walls are paper thin and the hotel is full of partiers. Let's hope the experience improves.
First time staying at this particular DoubleTree...had been looking forward to it. I've stayed at other Hilton properties in Philadelphia.

Reserved a room on one of the Executive level, which is on the 24th and 25th floors. My room was 2416, and the view from there was pretty nice. I checked in around 2:00pm and got two cookies (which were tasty, btw). 

Love the location since it's right in the middle of where I like to hang out. Lots of places to eat and drink nearby.

Since my room was on the Executive floor, I had access to the Executive Lounge which hosts a cute little reception in the evening, as well as breakfast in the morning. The view from that lounge was pretty sweet too.

Parking is the usual $25/night I've encountered in Center City...the garage is pretty old and a pain to navigate. Thankfully I don't have to use my car much when in Philly.

I would definitely stay here again.
Very pleased with our stay here. We stayed on a weekday and the price was great! ($85) and this is a great location. Just a few blocks from City Hall and under 15 mins walk to Liberty Bell and Independence Hall. 

While checking in, a women cut in front of us to complain about checking out early. The woman at the front desk apologized and offered us access to their executive lounge for happy hour and breakfast. 

Room was very clean and you can tell it has been recently updated. Also they have a beautiful front lobby! Would definitely stay here again!
The only two things going for the Doubletree Philadelphia are their location and their very friendly and helpful staff.  The hotel has never really been up to par with other members of the Doubletree/Hilton family, but now they seem to have found new ways to mislead and disappoint their guests.  Though I live in Philadelphia, I occasionally like to getaway for a night every now and then.  There are only a handful of hotels in center city Philadelphia that have whirlpools -- which is usually a deciding factor for me -- and now there is one fewer.

Despite advertising on hotels.com, the hotel's own website and the in-room directory of services that features a hot tub, the hotel recently removed it as part of their renovations to add more rooms.  Now the gym and pool area -- which used to have a bright, sky-lit solarium and outdoor terrace -- are stuck in a windowless box and the jacuzzi is gone as well.  When I spoke with one of the front desk representatives, she informed me that a number of other guests have also complained about this misrepresentation, despite the staff's calls to the Doubletree marketing/sales department.  To her credit, she was very sympathetic and knocked off part (but not all) of my room rental charge.

In short, I will NOT stay at the Doubletree again and I would NOT recommend it to anyone.  For the price you pay, you could stay at any number of hotels in center city -- and get a better room, better facilities and better food.  Even the Hampton Inn (also a member of the Hilton family) near the convention center is nicer and a heck of a lot cheaper.
Another typical corporate hotel.  Room rates are sky high. Yet, no free internet in your room (that will cost you an additional $9.95 per day). If you want to use the internet for no charge, you'll have to go down to the busy lobby, with people rushing around everywhere. The walls in our room were paper thin. Could hear every word our neighbors spoke. However, the room was clean, view good, and bed comfy. We ended up here because our travel agent got us a package deal with airfare and hotel to Philly. Still, $189 per night seems high for just a so-so corporate hotel.  My preference is for interesting boutique hotels. Much more pleasing for about the same price. This was a business trip, so thank God someone else is paying.  If it was on my own dime, I'd use Airbnb (staying in homes or rooms - kind of a Uber for lodging), where you can get much better lodging and better prices.
The molds in the bathroom tub!! Really?? Get it together! So gross. I understand that it's an old building but you can simply get rid of molds with a few spray of Clorox! Wi-Fi is not free, even if you're a Hilton Honors, if you book thru a 3rd party. Well, Booking.com was cheaper!
The hotel itself was fine. Big lobby, with a restaurant/bar and market. For the room, my shower had some gross looking rust stains, and then when it was time to actually take a shower, it wouldn't turn on. I had to call the front desk and wait 30 mins for an engineer to come to my room. He was super nice but needed to get another tool to fix it completely. He got the shower on for me so I could at least shower for the day, and was supposed to come back later when I was out of the room. I tried to take another shower later that night when I came back after walking around all day, and clearly he did not ever come back because the shower wouldn't turn on...again. Finally, the street noise at night is absolutely TERRIBLE!!! I know they can't control this, but it was seriously the worst I've ever heard. Noisy neighbors in rooms next to me as well until the wee hours of the morning. My Apple Watch says I averaged 3.5 hours of sleep each night I stayed in this hotel. They need to do something to filter the noise outside at night because from 10 PM - 5 AM it's BAD. so bad you need ear plugs. And for a Hilton brand hotel, these beds were not comfortable. I was disappointed, I usually love staying at Hilton hotels. But this was probably my worst stay considering the whole experience.
I thought this was a great hotel, more elegant than most Doubletrees. My room was huge, with an array of windows overlooking South Street. 
The bar was fun and the bartenders concerned with making you happy.  Location is midway between everything, walkable to Rittenhouse, my favorite neighborhood, and to the tourist attractions.  The Doubletree is an excellent choice.
We will start this as a three-star review with the possibility of an upgrade to four in the future.  I stayed for such one night and was able to stay in the suites.  It was an expansive room with a ton of amenities to it, so it is a shame I couldn't stay longer to take advantage of them.  So why three stars?  

Even in the suites area, which has clearly been given a ton of spit and polish, there are still some pretty thin walls.  You have to take two elevators to get to the rooms, which is good news and bad news.  Good news is that you are somewhat secluded and have some privacy (minus the paper thin walls), however the bad news is you need to build in some commuting time.  Fine in the evening where I really have no where to be in a certain period of time, but for getting out the door in the morning, I always appreciate not having to build in extra time.  While I didn't use the fitness area, it was located near the entrance to the suites, in the main part of the hotel.  Pretty standard in terms of the cardio machines and limited free weights.  

While the location is more convenient for some nightlife and local attractions, some of the other Hilton hotels are located closer to some of the big train stations, like Suburban or Market East.  Thankfully, I didn't have to rely on the SEPTA this time around.  If you do, and value close proximity to those stations, this may not be the best for you.
The room was rundown and right next to a watercooler. There is literally no soundproofing  so I had the pleasure of listening to teenage girls pound on different doors all night long. I had to call security to deal with the noise issue and it even took them quite a bit of time to get the noise under control.
I stayed here for 3 nights during a conference in November. These are some things I liked about the place:
1. The cookies that they gave during check-in. Those were great and came in very handy the first night when I was craving a late-night snack and the following morning when I did not get the chance to get breakfast and simply had a cookie, along with coffee that I could make in the room.
2. While Wi-fi wasn't provided for free to everyone, the bar was set fairly low. All you had to do was to provide your Hilton Rewards number and you could have access to wi-fi for free. While this means that people who haven't signed up have to do so to get the free wifi, it is still infinitely better than having to pay $11.99 or however much it is that Sheraton or Marriott wants to charge me when I spend one night at their hotels.

Here are some things that were not so great about the place:
1. The poor quality of the sound-proofing: I was on the 23rd floor of the hotel and yet the road noise from below was enough to bother me on two of the nights that I stayed at the hotel. That is one of my biggest peeves about hotels - if they invest in sound proofing their rooms, they can help their guests get a better night's sleep but some choose not to invest in that consciously. I have stayed at hotels on the Las Vegas strip where in spite of all the ruckus going on below, the rooms themselves were practically noise-free.
2. The quality of the food: Overall, very unimpressive. We had two lunches at the conference catered by the hotel and they were not inspiring. One of the lunches was better than the other but in general, they were not great. On the last day of the conference, I also ordered room service and again, I was not happy with the taste of the food. I had sausages that were overcooked to the point of being burnt; the scrambled eggs I had were not fluffy or well-seasoned - all in all, not the kind of food that makes you either happy or excited.
I stayed here for the sole reason that the conference was happening here. Given a choice to freely pick across hotels, this wouldn't be my first choice in the area by a long shot.
We just spent five days in the city and, being from out of town, picked this hotel randomly. It was a wonderful stay: very comfortable beds, great view,  excellent customer service.  We will definitely be back.
We stayed here, had a nice corner view looking down Broad Street.  Great location. Big room but awkwardly laid out. Pretty clean room but they could have kept the lobby a little better.  Unfortunately the heating in the room was broken and it was really hot and the windows didn't open.
I used to live in Philadelphia and usually stay at the Alexander Inn (amazing and inexpensive - check it out!), but they were booked so my fiancee and I decided to stay at the Double Tree, and were unimpressed. They charge $10 a day for wifi - this is inexcusable... I travel a lot, especially for business, and have stayed in a wider range of hotels and have yet to encounter a modern hotel, especially a Hilton (give me a break) that does not include wifi......... other wise it was okay, but unexceptional - we came back at 5pm and housekeeping still hadn't been to the room, the bed was made incorrectly (all of which I would not have minded much had there been wifi).
My family and I drove from Central California in the Fall of 2012 and stopped during our road trip at the Double Tree.

We arrived to find that parking was in a standard parking garage, which would be problematic with our Thule case on the car's roof rack. The bellhops/valets offered to help me store the Thule case in my car so that we might be able to park in the garage. He then helped me unload all of the luggage and got a second bellhop to escort my family to our room (along with our free hot cookies). He then helped me successfully and carefully remove and then store the Thule car in my car.

Our room was fairly large, with 2 queen beds, and had a fabulous view of the downtown Philly skyline. At night, this skyline received "Ooo's" and "Aaaa's" from us as a number of the surrounding buildings had colored and synchronized lights to illuminate their exteriors.

We did have one toilet problem but the maintenance guy showed up fairly quick and dealt with the problem. Housekeeping stopped by shortly after to replace the towels we had use to address the issue.

Being located so close to historic Philly was great, as we were able to see most everything we wanted easily.

At our checkout, it was raining pretty good. A bellhop/valet offered to let us park under their check-in/drop-off area and to help re-mount our Thule case. Even when my wife ended up helping (at her offer), they allowed us to stay as long as needed while we brought our luggage down and repacked our entire car.

Great staff all around. If we're even in Philly again, we'll stay here.
Hotel is more the name then the service. I found not enough help on the check in counter, housekeeping in the halls at 5pm, paint peeling off the ceiling in my room. I thought I got off the elevator and somehow was transported into an under capitalized Holiday Inn.
I showed up at the hotel after a long day of work at 10 PM. I was told that my room was not ready and I had to wait for housekeeping to clear it. 10 mins later, I got my key. You may think that this is a small inconvenience, but multiply that 10 mins by number of check-ins times check-ins that require housekeeping approval, you will get a giant number of hours that customers wait to check in. This is one of most inefficient check-in processes I have ever seen.
I stayed here for a week in January. I had Residency week for school and Temple University chose this hotel. My stay was AMAZING! I don't know why every hotel on the planet doesn't follow this EXACT layout. Ladies my review is for you. This is why I consider the room magnificent. It has the following:

The Room
------------
Full length mirror 
Mirror in the bathroom
Mirror and Vanity outside the bathroom
Great lighting (a must for your makeup)
Magnifying mirror (prefect to do your brows)


I had to take the time to share these things because every hotel doesn't have them. Like this hotel is located in City Center which is a great location for going out. So glad they have a full length mirror and great lighting so I can see what the hell I look like before I leave the room. 

I didn't try the gym or pool. Ate breakfast here everyday. They have a buffet. School paid for it. Typical hotel food. Nothing life changing, but it was free so I didn't care. I'd recommend to save money and take a walk to get real food else where if you actually have to use your own money.
We found a dead cockroach in the corner of our room on our last day.  Up until that point I was happy with the location and the staff.  Finding that cockroach was extremely disconcerning and would not go back.
Not the best doubletree I have seen, but its still quite adequate. Try to get a corner room as they have better views. The complimentary breakfast is like most others you would find.  Staff is friendly and always helpful. So far I've stayed there over 8 weeks this year and have no complaints.
However as a Hilton diamond member, I should advise other diamonds that the executive lounge is probably the worst I've ever been to. The lack of food & drink options and even the size of the lounge is very disappointing.
Alright.  

Yes, after spending time in the Doubletree, all I can think to say if asked to describe it is alright.  The location is decent, as it sits nearly at the center of the city with easy access to the subway.  The staff seemed friendly with a willingness to answer my questions.  The conference space was blah, not a bad blah, just a blah.  Parking is ridiculously priced, but hey it is in the city.  I want to have more to say, but alright seems to sum it up nicely...
Stayed here for a week for business.

Pros

+ Location.  Just about everything is within 1-2 miles away.  Easily walk to Independence Historical Park, Rittenhouse Square, City Hall and all the museums (including the famous Rocky steps and statue), Chinatown, inifinite food and bar choices.  Yes, cheesesteaks are abundant near this property.

+ For sports fans the subway station is right below the hotel.  Just go downstairs for a short ride to the city's sports complex where all the major sporting venues are.  

+ Rooms are just fine.  Clean and functional.  Bed was comfortable.  Warning, don't get a room next to the elevators.  Some hotels are better than others, but for some reason this one just seemed so much louder to me.  Hotel staff switched me to another room no questions asked.  All good.

+ The cookie.  I was starving on my flight in from LA.  This saved me.

Cons

- If you have a car, you will pay big city prices for parking which is expected.  The lot however was a pain to get in as you have to swipe your flimsy parking pass through the very non-responsive scanner.  Not a huge con here, just more of a minor annoyance after a long day of work.

- WiFi only available in the lobby.  Unacceptable for a brand name hotel.  

- If you swim, pool wasn't the greatest.

I recommend this hotel simply for its location.  It's on Broad Street which is very busy and safe for a big city.  Just convenient to everything.  A good choice for the business traveler or the tourist.  Recommend.
I was recently at the doubletree for the Let them Eat Cake Event which I had been to previously at a different venue.  The staff was very friendly and informative on where to go but the room was just was too small for the event.  I am not sure if this was there biggest banquet area or not but if it was than they just didn't have something large enough to handle that type of event.
This is our 2nd night (2 Sunday's back-to-back) in a trip from Ma to Va and back.  The first visit here was good.  The 2nd stay here was not-so-good.  We were placed on the 8th floor right next to the ice machine that gurgles (very loud) constantly AND our A/C unit sounds like an alien ship taking off (you can do the sound).  I happen to have ear plugs so I'll be able to sleep... The view down Broad street is great but it's a terrible room noisewise.
Pretty great location for PHL.  Walking distance to everything we needed to go to for business.  Rooms were funky shapes.  I had an "upgrade" to a corner room with odd windows.  Only problem is that they put me next to the elevator and my diamond profile specifically mentions my preference of AWAY from elevators.  Ugh, 1st world problems I know, but still.   If you want to be an elite property you need to respect your top visitors wishes.

Executive lounge was pretty much empty - no waters, barely any Diet Cokes.

The location really saves this place in my opinion.  

Hopefully I never have to go to Philly again because it's nasty, but if I do and have to be downtown I would probably give this pace another shot.
This is a great hotel to stay while in Philly. The location is great, the staff especially the front desk staff are friendly and very upbeat. Maybe it pays to be a member, anywhere, although you don't always book Hilton. We came here to use the conference room so Hubby could do his business there, and at the end of the day decided to stay over. It was quite pricey but give and take the cost to find another hotel nearby would be the same. We had a chance to use the Executive lounge, which I thought was beautiful although it's in a small room. At the conference, we were served by the hotel's catering food. The food was surprisingly above average, which includes steak, fish, salad and desserts. Since Hubby had to do the deals at the conference 2 days in a row, so we got to eat on both days. The second day fish was my favorite trout! The first day steak was crazy! Crazy good that is, juicy and tender. The Executive Lounge is located on one of the highest floors, could be 29 if I'm not mistaken. The views of building in Philly from the same street were amazing during sunrise and sunset. Hubby's a member and maybe you need to be a member to use the Executive lounge but do check with the front desk anyway to make sure. Our room was pretty big and comfortable. Too bad we were only here for 1 night. That's ok. I tried using the business center but unfortunately the printer wasn't working well. I had to call the service but that didn't work either. Maybe they need to have this room checked more often although it seems no one's using it. All in all, not a bad choice to stay here.
If you like noise in a busy downtown location, this is the place for you. The windows are thin. Yes, even on the 11th floor, you can hear full conversations on the street below. Probably didn't help there is construction going on right next door with jackhammers going on all day. Sounded like the snore of a sleeping dragon. So with that in mind, if your a big Game of Thrones fan and love dragons, you would love this place. Oh plus, I find it hard to believe that they are always fully booked and can't do anything to move you, unless you wouldn't mind staying in the rooms next to the elevator. For this price, you might as well sleep in your car.
When I checked out, the guy at the front desk couldn't bring up my statement. Took him about 10 minutes.
This Double Tree is very modern and fully upgraded. We stayed here often and the rooms and lobby were always nice. We had one minor issue once (didn't have soap) and the staff was so apologetic and even comped part of the stay because they felt it did not represent the experience they wanted to present. We didn't ask for this, and it was a pleasant surprise that showed the quality of the staff and the standards of this hotel.
The hotel itself is fine, nothing too wild about it. However the wifi is $10 per device, I mean it is 2014. I feel like this is a huge ripoff, as if net neutrality has already hit hilton. Parking is also $25 a night.
I stayed here for two nights during a conference. Bed was really comfortable and my room was spotless. 
Nice atrium / bar / lounge area. I'd stay here again without hesitation.
Outstanding property, great location in the heart of Philly. 

Highly recommend spending a few extra bucks and staying on the executive floor.  Lounge access at the end of the day and/or for breakfast is worth it.  

The staff were very friendly, and quite attentive.  

We will be back.
Great hotel.  Recommend highly. But disturbing thing happened.

In Philly for mystery writers conf, NoirCON. DT was  designated hotel. NoirCON had Sat night charity bingo. I contributed but didn't participate. 

Went to computer room, sitting on 3rd flr waiting for the 1 comp. to be free.
Employee, woman about 50 with dyed sprayed blond hair, white shirt, black pants, approached me and rudely suggested that I was not a guest and shouldn't be there. No reason. I look pretty acceptable. Sport coat, sweater, jeans, Ecco shoes. Wasn't until I got an involuntary look of EXTREME anger in my eyes that she backed off.

Phoned the hotel when I got home to discuss incident. Manager apologized profusely, promised a follow up. Never heard back from them. So, 2 stars.
