Spent here one night after arriving at the airport.

They have their shuttle run every 20 minutes even during this Covid-19 time.  They limit # of passengers on the van to maintain social distance.

Welcome chocolate cookies tasted the way I remembered. The Hilton group released the double tree cookie recipe during the pandemic and I baked their cookies at home a couple of times.  My cookie didn't taste as good as the one I get at a hotel.

Restaurant is open for lunch and dinner. We ordered Uber eats for delivery. Close enough to the city for delivery.

Breakfast: given a choice to purchase at their cafe for Diamond members and after we picked what we wanted, we ate at our room.

Staff at cafe and front desk was very friendly. Overall it was a short nice stay. 

We could have taken a shuttle back to the airport for a train to downtown but we picked Uber. $16. The train was $7 each and it made sense to get Uber for two people.
Pricey and aged.

Patrons pay for parking so be prepared for that. Room was dated but clean. Fitness center was a bit small and could have used more equipment. 

Breakfast was pretty good as they have a buffet with plenty to choose from.

Staff was friendly.
I want to give this place a good review, but quite honestly, its just A-OK. The hotel lacks in the skills of communication and speed.

My group came to Philly for a hockey game, and the check in process went smooth for most of us.  Apparently, there were cancelled flights the night before, so the hotel was booked.  Some of us got rooms at 3:00, while some had to wait until they were being cleaned.

While we were heading to our rooms (inside tiny elevators), I stopped to speak with the concierge Tyrese (?) who just loved to talk and talk... that I got more annoyed than informed.  I wanted to know how to get to the downtown Philly area, and he kept saying to hire a car. 

That night, I found out from one of my group members she did hire a car through Tyrese, and her driver Chris charged her $85 to take her into the City and visit the touristy places.  

I tried reaching Tyrese, but was told by the front desk that he clocked out at 9 pm, and to speak to Desmond. Apparently Desmond clocked out at 10 pm, and to speak to Chantelle ? at 7:30 am.  I told the front desk to have her call me, but apparently no one got my message.

Take note: communication skills is lacking at this place.

The next morning we went to breakfast, which was included in our rate.
Pro: Excellent selection of food, no real complaints there.
Con: Extremely slow staff.  Took forever to get a table (and there were plenty open) as well as coffee and juice.

After breakfast I tried once more to hire a car to take us to the City.  There were plenty of vultures lurking outside charging $150 for 3 hours.  I told Chantelle that Tyrese referred Chris to charged $85.  She looked completely lost, and then someone came with a piece of paper in his hand, shouting "I have your order here".  I glanced at the paper and it did sound like the message I left with the front desk the night before, requesting 2 cars for 3 hours.

I have no idea who that guy was (it wasn't Desmond) but he called some guy named Alex who came out to meet me.  We negotiated $120 for 3 hours for his drivers to take us to the touristy places like Liberty Bell, Rocky steps, LOVE park, and to Geno's and Pat's Steak sandwiches.  So it seems these drivers are independent and you can haggle with them.  They're not affiliated with the hotel. 

After we returned from our 3 hour tour, we tried getting a drink at the bar.  There was only 1 guy working, and he was running around like a headless chicken, playing bar tender and waiter.  The bar is your only option if you want food at 3:00 pm and they're slow.  The only thing good is they charge only $1.50 for a diet coke, which is a bargain for a hotel.

From the hotel we took the shuttle to the airport (free of charge) and had plenty of time to explore the airport.
So as I've done my research, the hotel is owned by Sotherly Hotels and managed by Chesapeake Hospitality. Formerly a Hilton and rebranded as a DoubleTree, this property isn't worthy of any of Hilton's brands. A "renovation" occurred and was completed in 2015. That being known makes this property even more pathetic. 

Another personal disclaimer, I'm a former manager of a Hilton property in Southern California, and retain the knowledge of what DoubleTree standards should be. 

We were in town from VA for a family celebration. Since I prefer to stay at a DoubleTree, this hotel was the closest to where the festivities were being held. I was able to get a good room rate booking directly through Hilton and prepaying. We arrived on a Friday night and I had already pre-checked in and saw that my room had already been pre-assigned. So I approached the front desk and checked in. Wanted to make sure they had a credit card on file for any incidentals. Get the keys and the cookies and head for the room. I was given the 6th floor. Get to the room and look for a luggage rack, nowhere to be found. Weird I thought. I had taken off my shoes and walked over to the entry way in front of the bathroom door and wow, the carpet was soaked. I checked the bathroom and the floor was dry. This threw a red flag up. Got two towels, and put them down over the carpet. This told me something was up. It wasn't near an AC condenser, so it had to be a major plumbing issue. 

So while i was in the bathroom, I kept hearing the faintest sound of water trickling every 3 minutes, so I put my hand under the shower faucet, sure enough. But the handle was tightly secure, thus confirming my suspicion. Oh and the bathroom door, shouldn't require the force of ones body to get it securely into the door jam. The amount of force used also caused the mirror to react which told me it wasn't secure either. At this point I was tired, and we had some work we needed to do, we turned in early-ish, but before we went to bed, I jumped onto the Hilton app and used a message function. I thought it was going to go directly to the front desk, no it went to Guest Assistance. Guest Assistance is a Direct link to resolving issues over the property level. So I listed what I had noticed, and left it at that. I received a response that told me that the Front Desk was made aware and that the FD manager would reach out to me in the morning. 

The next morning, the soaked carpet soaked completely through the towels. My other half also woke up with some unexpected sinus issues, which I attributed to the extra amount of moisture in the room. I waited until somewhere around 1115, no calls, no email, nothing. I packed up everything, because I wasn't staying in this room for another night. I went to the lobby and approached the Guest Services desk and met Chevelle. She was very nice and welcoming. I explained the situation and said that a Guest Assistance was already open, but that I never got a call from the manager as promised. She apologized and said she would go talk to the manager about changing my room. She came back with keys to a new room (still on the same floor) and s coupon for free breakfast. THAT is a common move for franchise properties to use. She walked us back to our old room, and checked the new room.

We set our stuff down, and had to go. When we hit the lobby, Chevelle came over to ask if everything was ok. I told her from what I could tell it was. She handed me another coupon since there were two of us in the room. We were out for a couple of hours to get brunch. (See my review of Taqueria Feliz.) Came back a few hours later to get refreshed, luggage rack was there. No damp carpet. But then I noticed and thought, 'if this place was recently renovated, why are the two rooms slightly different?' The sink faucet, different. The desk chair, different. Oh but what really raised my concern, is that We had to walk past the previous room. Now any logical FD manager would've and should've placed that room into an "Out of Order" status. The plumbing issue can and will cause a major mildew and mold issue that cause even worse problems. The room had been NEWLY OCCUPIED. So all it would takebis someone staying in that room with sensitivities to mold/mildew and they'd have a bigger problem on their hands. If this had been one of the properties I worked at and had resold that room in that condition,my general manager would've had my neck. 

We used one of the coupons. The food was mediocre at best, well the buffet anyway. Did I ever hear from the Front Desk Manager? Nope. Did I follow up with  Guest Assistance? Most definitely. Will I EVER consider staying here again? Not a chance. Like I said, Hilton needs to rethink giving any of their flags to this particular property. 


(Xposted)
Airport hotels are always a crapshoot.  I have stayed on so many of them so nothing surprises me.  This is an older airport hotel that is showing its age.  It was clean and the staff were competent.  I would not go so far as to call them friendly, but you are in PA so friendly is not what I expect.   

The old guy running the shuttle is a crotchety grumpy man who pretty much appears to hate life. Not exactly a good ambassador for the hotel or the city of brotherly love.......

Close to the airport, not close to food, not easy to get into from the highway.   Pricing wasn't bad and the towels were good.
This review is just for the airport shuttle since I did airport long term parking here. No problems getting from hotel to airport but upon return waited more than one hour for the airport shuttle. They are supposed to run every 20 mins. We kept calling and asking where the shuttle was. It was ridiculous and not something I looked forward to after 8 hours of traveling. Will not park here again.
*  *  *  REVIEW IS FOR AIRPORT PARKING AT DOUBLETREE  *  *  *
*  *  *  REVIEW IS FOR AIRPORT PARKING AT DOUBLETREE  *  *  *
*  *  *  REVIEW IS FOR AIRPORT PARKING AT DOUBLETREE  *  *  *

Okay, so we found that you can park in DoubleTree's lot for $9.45/day IF you book through a website (Book2Park.com). If you wait and pay at DoubleTree directly, it is more. The rate we got beat all others we found nearby, including Groupon, at the time we booked. They offer a free airport shuttle (every 20-30mins), just as any other parking facility would.

We drove to the hotel, parked, and hopped the first shuttle to the airport. You can wait in the lobby if it's too cold/hot outside. They have complimentary coffee and lime-water or lemon-water coolers while you wait. We had the shuttle to ourselves on the way, but there were several others on the way back. Driver handled luggage carefully and quickly.

The positive for me was that the lot isn't some huge place, where you have to write down your number/letter location, where you can easily get lost, and where you have to stand in miserable weather to wait for the shuttle. At DoubleTree, it's a short walk from the lot to the hotel lobby, and you wait in comfort, if you need to wait at all. MUCH nicer!

Quick and positive experience both coming and going.
I haven't even checked into the hotel yet, but find the customer service to be egregious so far. I'm a Hilton honors member and traditionally stay at Hilton's. I specifically picked this airport because it's only 1.5 miles from the Philadelphia airport, so it makes it very convenient for flying in and out immediately. Having to literally wait OVER 35+ minutes for the "complimentary" shuttle is in my opinion, unacceptable. While I'm fine waiting a few minutes, when I called multiple times complaining to the front desk and inquiring where the shuttle was, they were completely useless. At this rate, the Doubletree should comp people their taxi ride to drive 1.5 miles away versus waste their time and inefficiently wasting their time with the shuttle. 

40 minutes later, now I'm taking a taxi.

OK, 2 hours later, I've calmed down and changed them from a 1 star to 3 star. I checked in fine after taking a taxi ($9 ride - totally worth it instead of waiting, btw). Check in fine and speedily. The hotel had a nice lobby with 2 water jugs filled with lemon and orange. The elevators are tiny (and would barely fit a wheelchair), but my room was clean, modern and had decent toiletries. 

The manager came and dropped off a complimentary breakfast a few hours later too, which went a long way. 

So, overall, terrible shuttle. Splurge on the $9 bucks. You're worth it. Customer service once I got here was great. And I was less hangry after I down'd my free Hilton chocolate chip cookie...
Location: ****
Cleanliness:***
Amenities: ***
Service: **
Value: ***

Nothing stands out for this hotel other than it is very close to the airport. From the moment I checked in to the moment I left. Front desk not exactly a warm reception checking in nor did they even asked how my stay was. Standard question in every other hotel. I only stayed one night and I didn't eat there so I can't comment on their restaurants. Bar service was slow and pricey. Parking was $28 per day. Fitness room was just adequate with treadmills and dumb bells. Clean but room and facility is older. Other options are Sheraton right across the street and a Marriott right in the terminal. Again not a place I would remember when I return to Philly.
Entry was inviting and promising. Staff was less than friendly. Checked in online, nice and convenient, however, went straight to the room and hallways had carpet that was in desperate need of a deep clean and room smelled musty. Back to front desk; the 2nd room was clean with a comfortable bed. Seems mgmt may need to kick up expectations a notch if a better review is desired.
Not impressed by warm cookies.  

Sure you get warm cookies when you check in.  But it doesn't make up for the rude staff.  The musky smell of the rooms. The black mold in the sinks and shower. The water damaged ceilings.  The smelly stained carpet.  This hotel is older but you can tell they did a surface remodel that isn't done well.  The toilet makes a high pitches whistling noise when you flush it that wakes everyone up and the hot and cold handle on the sink are hard to turn on and off.  And the absolutely disgusting ice machine area is another story.  This hotel will work in a pinch I've stayed in worse hotels it isn't as bad as they come but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone if they have a choice between this hotel or another.  The hotel restaurant isn't that great either.   So so food and not so good service.  And like any other airport hotel restaurant slightly overpriced.  Stay somewhere else if you have the chance.
I traveled to Philadelphia for two weeks on business. I had given up on DoubleTree hotels long ago but thought I would give it another try. The second week of my business travel i stayed at  this doubleTree. My issues with my stays are as follows
1) I checked in around 10:39-11pm, asked about places to eat was given one word answer about WaWa near by, i mean understandable that that is the only place open but the desk could have been more friendly and gave me more information about their restaurant for the rest of my visit. Good hotel staff will b very friendly to give you info. Anyway googling the information was fine.

Shower caps: are only for sale. Interesting because Wilmington Doubletree on King Street provided them for last week when i stayed. 

Breakfast: Not included even if you are a HHonors member you must be a Gold or Platinum member to have breakfast there. Again Wilmington Doubletree on King street provided this when i stayed previous week there.

Starbucks that is located in the lobby does not know their drinks or how to make it. I ordered a white moca in the morning, i was given nothing close to that! Just coffee with foamed milk. I understand their staff is not Baristas but come on something close would have been acceptable 

Room: I was not placed on HHonors floor. I was too tired from my flight to even care. I had a room with doublebeds. On my last night when I switched to sleep on the second bed i found brown crap stuff on my comforter. 

Only Valet staff was friendly. Every one else seemed very unfriendly or tired.

Breakfast shower caps good coffee really matter especially on a business trip time us limited in the morning and the days are stressful. Not worth 146$/night at all.

Done with DoubleTree hotels for both business and personal travel.
We missed a connection at the Philadelphia airport, so we ended up here for the night. We we're lucky enough to find a nice gate agent that gave us a hotel voucher when we were delayed because of weather. 

This wasn't the nicest hotel. The bathroom had chipped tiles, the was toilet paper in the toilet when we got there, the sink didn't drain very well, and I found ants on the bathroom floor. The beds were ok, but the pillows were very thin and lumpy. 

We ate downstairs at the bar when we got in and the food was mediocre and overpriced which is to be expected. 

The service at check in was very friendly and the cookies were delicious. 

Overall, I'm glad I didn't have to pay for my stay here.
ZERO STARS!  Bring your own towels as they only give you 2 towels everyday with a reservation for 3 people.  RIDICULOUS!  Housekeeping doesn't answer the phone and you have to deal with rude front desk staff to get a third towel for the third guest.  I had to call everyday for a third towel.  First day, they never brought the towel and I had to call again in the am.  I guess Doubletree dosent think people bathe everyday.  Second day, had to call again for a third towel for the third guest.  WHY?????  Still waiting for a towel......  Maybe they will bring it when we check out.  DO NOT STAY HERE
This is without doubt the worst DoubleTree Hotel in the WORLD! Do not even think about staying in this old decrepit horrible place. It should be torn down. The hallways are hot and smelly. The rooms are dingy and old. The hand towels were dirty. The bar was served by malcontents. The drinks were thrown at you. The service was from hunger.  The restaurant  was empty and deservedly so. The server had no clue as to what was on the menus  and had contempt when questioned for help. The attitude of minority employees (who constitute the majority) was very racist ( I am white). 

A black mark on the DoubleTree brand. A disgrace. 

This is a bad place. DO NOT STAY HERE!
The worst hotel in the Hilton family. Terrible service and a very tired hotel. The restaurant is awful  and the workers are completely lazy.  I am a diamond member with Hilton and know what their hotel should be. I am surprised the people who run this hotel still have a job there. Stay away from this hotel. 

The only positive experience I had was in the morning there is a door greeter and he is extremely nice.
I am compelled to rate this hotel a zero but obviously I can't.  This Doubletree Hotel is horrible.  I've stayed here several times because of an early flight.  There's always a line to check in (great management, huh?) and the parking lot is always full.  It just goes to show how little choice there is for overnight stays at one of the largest airports in the region and an American Air hub.  

One gets off the minute sized elevators to guest room floors that have filthy and smelly blue-black ancient carpet. I tip-toed to the room so as not to dirty my relatively new shoes.  The guest room is musty.  The bed has a heavy quilt to keep me nice and warm in 90 degree summer heat!!  The sink stopper fell apart in my hand and the sink does not drain.  The towel bar fell off the wall.  

Hilton should be embarrassed to offer this property.

For all of this deluxe comfort I get to pay $225.  You might ask why I continue to stay here.  That is the $225 question!

NEVER AGAIN!
My husband and I used Priceline and got an ok deal for a queen bedroom $102? Checked in and went to the room- immediately noticed a large brown stain on the comforter, the bathroom only had hot water in the sink, the shower was only luke warm.. called the front desk and they did raise the temp... the pool wasn't heated very much if at all honestly (we booked this hotel only because it had a pool) and when we went down to go swim there were kids in it past their curfew and with no adult (despite the pool being located in front of the front desk, very visible to the employees)..  We did ask if they could warm it up for us to use the next morning before checkout, when I checked in the morning it was still cold THEN an hour before check out an employee from the front desk area (not housekeeping) attempted to open my room door- without permission and my husband was in the room naked!!! LUCKILY the doors extra lock was on (Thank goodness to me) no apology front the lady, she only walked away.. when we checked out and told the front desk women what happened  and also asked why there wasn't tooth paste in our room (we had to go buy some) she said they "keep it at the front desk" THEN she said that maybe it was house keeping and refunded our $12 parking fee and said that's all she could do since we used Priceline. Very unpleasant experience to my husband and I who have 3 kids and finally got a weekend to get away......
Just checked in. Staff is nice.  Room is dirty.  Mystery stain on my sheet to be posted next.
The lobby of this hotel is so inviting. It obviously recently updated with beautiful marble and newer swanky hotel furniture. I was excited to see my room based on the lobby. 
What a letdown! 
The room just felt old and dirty. The ceiling in the bathroom had seen better days. I didn't find any bedbugs or anything horrible upon my routine inspection but I couldn't get quite comfortable. The room heater was quite loud, but alas, I don't like to be cold so I just suffered through the noise. 
I probably won't elect to stay here on any future visits to this area.
I would rank this hotel above average for an airport hotel. It is a really nice hotel that has been maintained really well. The staff here is really on point- very friendly and SUPER helpful. I cant recall my front desk guy- but he remembered me from my last visit and that is always a nice gesture. The rooms themselves are your standard Doubletree rooms- but it was very clean and comfortable. I do believe they recently changed their bedding- it was soft and nice. Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf coffee is provided in the room. The gym and pool is actually pretty nice here as well- and the pool is indoors. 

Food at the restaurants is very average, and there are very few choices around there which kind of sucks.

They have a airport shuttle that leaves 3x an hour 24 hours a day. Convienent!
The convenience is the selling point. The hotel itself was incredibly old and outdated. The rooms were spacious but old - although I will say they had a great TV and work desk.  You could tell how old it was by the doors - the flat metal doors that look like a prison or army barracks. 

Bottom line - people are very nice, service was nice and convenience great.  But if you are like me and want a bit of nice ambiance to relax in, this is not your hotel.
This place is gross. The tv remote had stains on it and the bed side tables was so dusty. It's outdated and dirty. And no one came to clean my room. Hire some competent housekeepers. Seems like that is what audience here is saying.
The ceiling is cracked with mold oozing out of ever fissure.  The AC vent smells like a fetid swamp.  I WAS NOT GIVEN A COOKIE ON CHECK-IN BY THESE HEARTLESS CREATURES.  Went to eat in their pub since got there too late to eat in restaurant proper, and didn't feel like paying mandatory 22% gratuity for their arduous climb up in the elevator for room service.  Carefully chose my selection and was told they were out.  They will put a 50$ hold on your CC for five days for potential incidentals or damage to their precious mold/algae palace.  There are new surfaces in the bathroom that are caulked together at ill-fitting angles or not at all, which is ensconcing, yes! I'll take what is more black mold for $300 Alex.  One of the most disappointing aspects of my trip was the fact that the pool will be closed until the 16th, when I'll be conveniently located back at my desk at work.  Parking not free.  Beautiful view swathed in jet fumes of Point Sleeze, a Philadelphia area consisting of hooker bodies, oil refineries, gutted row homes, and strip joints.  Pros: the lobby is nice, there is iced water in tureens filled with cucumbers or fruit.  The front desk person is polite but clueless.  Seems to be no bedbugs, pulled back and checked.
All the employees were extremely friendly and polite.  The room was clean but the walls are paper thin.  I could hear just about everything the room next to me was doing including what TV shows were being watched.  The only time their noise was drowned out was when the even louder heating system ran
This DoubleTree is located right by the Philadelphia International Airport. It has ample on site parking, but it does come at a cost that is well worth it to ensure only those who are registered with the hotel are able to get into it.

The lobby area was very clean and well maintained by the staff. Staff was very friendly at the front desk and offered to help with any questions or concerns I may have during my stay.

The room is your typical DoubleTree King size bed room and my view was directly at the airport. One would think being that close the noise would be loud and quite honestly it wasn't that bad.Yes, I did hear plans landing and taking off, but it was not loud enough to keep me awake at night or interfere with watching television. The computer chair was one of the biggest ones I seen at most hotels and the internet was not an issue.

Room service was great and even though they said 30 minutes it was there in 15 minutes, if that. I had their club sandwich, onion rings and buffalo style hot wings. All were cooked well and had great flavor. Kind of hard to mess up a club sandwich though. Onion rings were a bit on the skimpy side, but I couldn't complain because they gave me fries as well even though I substituted the rings for the fries.

Overall, I enjoyed my stay and did not encounter any issues. I would recommend this hotel to any person flying into the Philadelphia airport if you need an overnight stay or want something outside the major part of the city.
Not good.   This hotel could be better if they had better service.  I checked in late and got passed off, had to inquire about everything.    Beds were just ok.   Stand out employee was shuttle driver, MICHAEL.   He turned around, introduced himself, offered everyone water and a cookie.   He should be the standard not the exception.
I'm not impressed with this hotel. They put a band-aid on a hotel that needs to be renovated completely. Bathroom is gross. Their is dust on the mirrors, the tub has scum in it, and the toilet, well is just nasty. Since I'm only here for 8 hours, I will suck it up. It's just a place to lay my head before my flight. Will never stay here again and I'm an Hilton Honors member. So sad!
Terrible airport shuttle service!!!!! My family few in around 10:30pm and we called to make a reservation for that evening. We were told that the airport shuttle would pick us up by 11pm and we waited until 11:35pm and still no shuttle. The hotel said that the driver has been by, but we stood under the "zone 4" sign as asked, and we NEVER saw a Hilton or Double Tree shuttle can come by, but we did see the Renaissance, the Courtyard Marriott and the Sheraton shuffle come by 3 times in that 45 minutes! Please stay somewhere else if you fly in at night!! Absolute inconvenience and very disappointed, so we cancelled our reservation for the night. Congrats Hilton, you've lost my business. 

Take an uber!!!! I had too much faith in Hilton.
The room was clean but the bathroom smelled like mold and black mildew stains all around the bath. That is absolutely disgusting. Honestly how difficult is it to keep a bathroom mold-free!
Great location for airline staff as well as those that need to be close to the airport and the good thing is it has shuttle service. Beds are a bit too mushy for my liking. 

As I am a HH member and have stayed in other Hilton hotels, benefits the brand as this is regretfully not one. 

Good for a quick night stay - do not recommend for more.
THE WALLS ARE PAPER THIN!! You can hear everything going on in the room next door. Their tv, conversations, etc. I stayed here because I was flying out the next day. The hotel is extremely clean however the staff is run skeleton crew status after only 8pm!! I had to call three times to room service before they answered to take my order and three times to the front desk to set a wake up call for the morning. I always try to stay at DoubleTree hotels while traveling for work because of the fantastic treatment I USUALLY receive. The staff clearly doesn't want to be here.
I can't believe I paid over $200 for a night for this dump.  The only thing keeping them from 1 star is the friendly hotel front desk staff. The hotel itself is just awful.  How is this a Doubletree??? I've seen nicer Motel 8's.  The entire hotel is run down and looks dirty.  And HOT.  OMG.  It's September, for godssake.  Why is it 100 degrees in the elevators/hallways/lobby??
Not sure what made more noise - the antique air conditioner or the creaky ass bed. Oh and the faucet handle came off.
Meh. I stayed here because of a flight cancellation, so I only spent 9 hours here. The lobby is really nice and the staff was friendly. I ate in the attached sports bar/lounge which serves a decent burger for a hotel. They have specific floors for HHonors guests, but the room I was assigned on the floor was ADA. Not a big deal, except that the shower was super inconvenient for somebody who doesn't need it. The only shower head was hand-held and mounted only four feet high on the wall and had minimal water pressure. The bathroom also needed some repairs and was a bit grungy. On one side of my room was a group who was very loud and inconsiderate until 3:00AM and the other side was a crying baby. Neither of those is the fault of the hotel, but just so you know how paper thin the walls are, I could here the couple with the inconsolable baby saying to each other "he won't stop crying, what do we do? What's wrong?" all night.

If I hadn't needed to just sleep and get up for my flight at 3:00AM, I would have requested a different room altogether, it just wasn't worth it.
I would stay in this hotel again.  Clean hotel and friendly staff.  My bed and pillows were comfy and I slept well.  I love the double tree cookies.   No complaints with this place.
Came here for a banquet/meeting. Did not stay at the hotel. There was ample parking and they were not charging that night so a little win for me. We started with a cash bar in the lobby foyer outside the banquet/meeting room. It served our needs pretty well as there was lots of rooms and hightops for people to mingle. Unfortunately,I did not try any of the hors d'oeuvres that were being passed around, but the chicken satay looked pretty tasty. All the staff was very friendly throughout the night and the main banquet hall was nicely set up for our purposes. The salad and dessert was all laid out followed by a serving of stuff chicken and meat. It all tasted like standard banquet food so that was my expectation going in and it met the expectation. All the audio and visual parts set up by the hotel worked well and the event went off without a hitch.
I'm surprised at the rest of these reviews. We had to stay the night in Philly so we chose this hotel. As soon as we got there we were hungry and the front desk recommended a restaurant that they personally enjoyed. It was late and they delivered. I forgot the name of the place, but it was good. There's a shuttle to and from the airport. Loved the gentleman offering water and cookies. He was so funny and charismatic. Great service.
Poorest hotel ever stayed in Hilton brand ... Rude staff ... Plumbing issues which was never fixed even after complaining twice ... Shame on Hilton for having such a bad hotel in its chain ... I am Hhonors member and I regret staying in this hotel ... Bad management ... Worst experience ever ... Disappointed ..
I'm currently staying here now and they seriously need to invest some money in water boilers and heating systems. I'm having to wait until the water gets warm. We awake to find a note under the door and we let the front desk know on Friday there was something wrong with the water and heating in the room.
Zero stars!  We stayed here 1 night because we had a work appointment at the airport nearby- and were charged for 3 nights and 3 nights  parking to boot!!! - the result has meant we have been embroiled in a 4 month dispute with all levels of hotel personnel in an effort to get this resolved.  And the case is still open - each person we spoke with was more inept than the lady not mean just incompetent. The manager never returned our  calls- and since the bathroom was dirty - gross!- the carpet had stains & lint balls- It's evident he could care less.  This was and continues to be a really unpleasant experience.  If you want to stay in a dirty overpriced room that perpetuates the headache for months on end - book this hotel - It ranks upon my least enjoyable stay anywhere!  Shame on you Hilton!
There was hair in my tub left from a previous guest and my toilet seat also smelled like the prior occupants sweaty genitalia.
Uncomfortable bed and itchy sheets, I didn't even trust the carpets to walk around without shoes on. 
Would never stay here again and wish I hadn't.  If my job hadn't booked this for me, I would have never stayed here in first place.
I had a late flight that arrived into Philadelphia at 11:30 pm. The front desk staff sent me to an occupied room twice and then to a room that reeked I'd smoke. Absolutely unacceptable for a Hilton property and a $170 night stay.
Friendly staff ordered hamburger and a draft beer. Burger came out ok but beer was flat. Wife ordered chicken fingers came out 30 minutes after I finished my burger. But the server was great.
Room was ok.  The bed was nice.  Pillows were like marshmallows.  Felt like i was sleeping sitting up.  Room is a little dated,  but clean.  Carpet is warn. Air flow was weird.... air didn't circulate.  Room was hot around your face but cold to the rest of you. Shower was warm and clean but tub didn't drain well.  Lots of nicks &dings. Staff was nice and very accommodation.  My stay was ok. 4 stars is mostly because, even though aesthetically it was ok, the room was very clean & people were very nice.
Air flow &comfort in the room: 2
Pillows: 1
Bed :4
Location: 4
Hot shower &good water pressure :5
Have to pay to park: 1
Location, location, location. What this property lacks in curbside appeal, it more than makes up for with location. You may opt not to have a car depending on the purpose of your visit. There is an airport shuttle that picks up and returns to the airport. The drivers are pleasant and efficient.

This hotel has been here for a long time most recently being a Hilton before transforming to a DoubleTree. There is parking and though it used to be free, there is a nightly rate. If you opt to not have a car, you can easily hire a taxi or Lyft into the city. There is a WaWa that is open 24/7 within a short walking distance for food and drink provisions.

The rooms are clean and comfortable. The suites are spacious with a great view of the city. The service at the front desk is pleasant though the housekeeping is a bit more Philly-style. However what they lack in pleasantries in the hallway they more than make up for in the room servicing.
The pictures fool you! The separate bar and restaurant serve the Same menu ( the same dog food). The Hotel is very stale however slightly updated. The Hilton chain should be embarrassed by this establishment!
By  far the very worst 3.5 star hotel I've ever stayed, and I travel a lot for business.
Soooooo....staying at the Doubletree Philadelphia Airport Hotel (business) and I have nothing good to say.  The person who checked me in last night was visibly annoyed that I arrived and that he needed to leave the apparent PARTY going on in the back office.

I started to ask where to park and was immediately cut off and told "I'll get to that after I finish checking you in!" All of this and still not so much as a fleeting moment of eye contact or a smile.  What else did I NOT receive? Glad you asked! I booked and received confirmation for a QUEEN bed.  Evidently, that means nothing...or so I learned when I got to the room. I called to ask if I could move and was told they were sold out of Queen Rooms.  Hmmmmm....it would have been nice to have been told that when I checked in.

I WAS given my complimentary cookie (again with much attitude) and then heard "oh, sorry...it is not hot!"  Clearly...the guy may have been a lot of things but sorry? I so doubt it!

Then...the television didn't work.  Called the Front Desk (assuming the party was still in full effect) but got no answer.  So...took the miniature elevator back down.  Found a young woman this time.  Equally as disinterested in assisting me.  She actually walked away while I was talking.  I guess I have to give her points as some guy did show up.  He asked if we pulled the dresser back to try to figure the problem out. Ummmmm...NO!

Fast forward to this morning...unprofessional Housekeeping staff.  I'll leave it there as it would take us someplace we don't really need to visit.

The net is this:  DON'T...UNLESS YOU JUST HAVE TO STAY HERE!
The hotel is clean and comfortable, but desperately in need of a remodel. This is a pretty old hotel and it does show especially in common areas. My guest room was also dated but comfortable. The gym is pretty nice and spacious with 2 ellipticals, 3 dreadmills, and some other equipment. The pool was closed during my stay for an unknown reason. 

The restaurant is good but pricey. The full breakfast buffet was $18 something including tax. 

I would stay again.
It was okay... but after staying in quite a few Hiltons (fiancé's a rewards member) I expected more.  The staff was friendly as always and there were warm cookies included at check in! :)  We used the gym and pool- both small but standard for an airport hotel.  The lobby was clean.  I was glad it was only one night because as everyone says, it is noisy!  Unfortunately- our room didn't really feel super clean... I know that might sound weird.. but it didn't.  And their was a mystery stain on the curtains that I was too embarrassed to take a picture of.  We're going back to Philadelphia in a couple months but will probably stay at a different hotel.  Great for a quick stay if you're leaving from the airport early!
My friend and I stayed there last night and I was awaken by bed bug bites. I was told that we could not get a refund because we booked through a third party biller. The staff was very nice but the hotel is not clean.
I'm just like anyone else that books a hotel- I do a certain amount of research on where it is that I'm going to stay with the two biggest pieces of criteria being: price, and proximity to where it is I want to go or what I want to see.  This was the case with my booking of the DoubleTree Hilton by the Airport Philly.  I knew what I was getting into for the most part.  That said, there were three surprises- two good and one bad:

1. Good Surprise: There is an airport shuttle that will take you right to the hotel.  I was having a smoke in the right place and it appeared before my eyes- magic!

2. Good Surprise: They give you a very tasty chocolate chip cookie when you check in.  It was a good cookie.

1. Bad- At 1:30 AM there was a strange noise that woke me up.  I emerged from my slumber wondering what was happening.  After several seconds of confusion I discovered it was the phone- not my cell phone, but one of those old fashioned phones that connects to the wall.  It was the hotel phone!  I answered- It was presumably the front desk, and they were asking for Mr. Santos.  I'm not Mr. Santos, I replied.  They said sorry, and I went back to bed.  Now I'm a good sleeper, and I went back to sleep almost immediately, but imagine if I had kids!  Sure, my parents would probably love me as much as my siblings if I had kids, but I imagine that my hypothetical children would have difficulty getting back to sleep.  Maybe they would have been grumpy for the rest of the trip from a lack of sleep.  Shame on you DoubleTree Hilton by the Airport, you are the reason I will never have kids!

I wonder what Mr. Santos wanted.

Brad.

P.S. Everything else was fine.
I have stayed at Hilton many other times but to be on vacation and have as many issues as me and my family from such a big brand hotel over thanksgiving break in your home town is sad! Many of the staff were courteous and nice expect John who ran around yelling "hey, excuse you can't,  read the sign" to everyone even people who probably didn't even understand on Friday. The bed spreads were not probably cleaned because they had spots and were gray not white at all, we asked for more and they can the same way so I'm sure the housekeeping is not doing something right. They hole in my curtain, the wall paper scratched and damaged from the chair with the gum that my daughter put her hand in when her phone slid between the chair was super nasty and the freezing cold pool my kids couldn't enjoy and to have staff say that's how it suppose to be it was being in a river on a winter day inside. Then the parking that we paid $36+ for the days and to have to never find a spot because over the holiday Hilton has everything in the front of the lot with a park n fly ticket for extended parking when people go back and forth and to be parked on the side that says Players Club but every thing you past has a ticket and up front os a slap in the face for a guest staying at hotel. Again I have stayed at many of your hotels in and out of the country and I enjoy the brand so when I got the hotel I was like "we haven't stayed but it has a indoor pool and is close to hwy" but to come and be disappointed with the hotel and to have my kids not be able to do something as simple as swim in a nice warm pool area upsets me!!!!!
Visited Phila about 2weeks ago for the weekend. We selected DoubleTree as our hotel. The hotel was decent. The room was nice but the carpet smelled stale. I was pleasantly surprised to find the restaurant was open along with the bar. They had inside and outside dining, I sat inside so I could be near the bar :) The pool was closed of course and so was the gym. 

My other issue was the parking lot and side hallway near the lobby, the hallway needed to be vacuumed, anything on the floor is obvious since the carpet is dark. The parking lot was even worse.. it was extremely dirty from people emptying out their vehicle trash. They need to have someone clean the parking lot more often. 

With that being said the staff was extremely helpful and pleasant. They even gave us warm cookies! . I requested a fridge and they were able to accommodate us quickly and The bartender made a mean sidecar!  I would stay here again the next time I visit Philadelphia especially if the price is right.
We stayed here one night as we were in town from Baltimore for the 76ers-Cavs Game. I see a lot of people saying that parking is $10-$12 a day. However we didn't pay for parking and I'm assuming that's because we have a Hilton Honors membership. I would suggest that guests register for this before booking since it's free to join. 

The entrance to the hotel was inviting, clean, and eco friendly. Interior designs were earthy - green and brown. They have 2 things of fresh fruit infused water in the lobby with plenty of cups and napkins. Of course the cookies are amazing and we got cookies upon checkin and check out. 

The room was clean and so was the bathroom. The bed was super comfortable. The only complaint we had this stay was the thin walls. We heard the morning conversations of the people next door loud and clear. Not something you wanna hear after being up and out late. 

Otherwise we would stay again. Don't let the airport location deter you. The planes leave on the opposite side of the hotel's location so planes weren't heard at all.
