Loved this hotel!  And so will you--especially if you are into simplicity, cleanliness, and sustainability!  This eco-friendly hotel is located directly next door to Westin's fancier hotel, The W. 
It's fairly new and very clean, I hope it stays that way. The lobby and "sky lounge" is on the 2nd floor, and you have to take an elevator up to it.  There is a station to use computers, and sitting area with a big TV, areas to bring food and dine, and the breakfast area ( it's included).  We stayed on floor 27, and were upgraded as Bonvoy members to a suite with a kitchenette.  There was even a small stove.  There is purified tap water in place of bottled water.  The lighting was energy efficient. The bathroom was bright and clean.  Carpeting was without stains.  Bed linens were crisp and clean and bed was comfortable. There was a couch as well.  Decor was simple yet tasteful. 
Things to consider-the breakfast wasn't the best.  We opted to go to a cafe instead. Also, if you need toiletries such as shower cap and extra soap or lotion, you have to ask at the desk.  They try to keep waste to a minimum. There isn't a restaurant, bar, or pool/fitness area, but you may go next door to the W if you're craving a late night snack or nightcap.
We stayed at the hotel back in early June, and had a great time.  The hotel is located a block away from City Hall, close to Broad Street, and within walking distance to Rittenhouse Square and the Midtown Village area.  It's also in the same building as the W hotel, which is opening in a month or so, and on the same block as the Ritz Carlton (all of which are part of the Marriott family).

Hotel was new, but service was still great.

Once you enter the building, the check-in and lobby are on the 2nd floor.  Check in was easy, and then we headed up to our room.  Unlike many hotels that have their check in on an upper floor, it's great that you can come into the building and take the elevator straight to your room and not have to transfer to a separate elevator.

Our room was on a higher floor facing southwest looking onto Chestnut Street and 15th Street and had great views of the City.  The room itself was perfect, with a full kitchen and counter high table, nice sitting room with a large work desk, and a spacious bedroom.  The kitchen had a toaster, coffee maker, microwave, stove, full size fridge and a cooktop stove.  they also provided all of the tools (pots, pans, utensils, etc), as well as salt, pepper, dishwasher pods and dish soap.

The room was extremely comfortable, and the hotel was perfect for a few days in Philly.  Looking forward to coming back again soon.
Really cool hotel, smack dab in the center of downtown Philly and within walking distance to anything you want to get to.  

We came in by train and took the subway one stop over to the hotel for $2.50 each, vs. spending the $30 that the rideshare service wanted.  

We already knew that we didn't want to drive in and with overnight parking being $60 (I am Titanium Elite and it's not waived), I knew I didn't want to spend the equivalent of a year's tuition just to park for a few days.  Trust me, you're close to everything.

The hotel was good.  We were on the 26th floor of a 30+ floor building and had really good views.  We had a full size kitchen and were thankful that a neat breakfast was included -- cereals, some egg + cheese sandwiches, yogurt, juices, and muffins.

The bad:  The room wasn't as clean as it could've been.  The housekeeper definitely didn't do a good job and that's a little upsetting as with COVID and Marriott saying how much they're cleaning and disinfecting, I shouldn't be finding hairs in the shower and behind the bathroom faucet, nor cereal and candy pieces on the floor.  One of the towels had a left over stain (that I'm sure was still there after washing), but it's really not cool, especially since housekeeping is now being done by request.  Since services are limited, they really should be doing a much better job.

The front desk sent up some additional towels, but, it would've been nice to have a night comped, considering the condition of the hotel room.

Given what went "wrong", I would still stay here again.  I wish the hotel had a pool.  That would've helped out, especially during the heat wave.
Beautiful, brand new, clean and comfortable hotel. I booked with Marriott points, not sure if there wasn't availability but we didn't receive eligible room upgrade. The standard room was clean, bright and beautiful. The floor to ceiling windows are gorgeous. We loved the filtered water built into the faucet.  Shampoo/Conditioner combo and body wash in the shower was nice and smelled great. The bed was very comfortable and heat/air worked great.

Included morning breakfast was simple but delicious. I had the bacon, egg and cheese bagel sandwich with Chobani yogurt. Coffee, OJ, Water, and Milk varieties available as well as dry cereals and small pastry variety. 

Valet parking only, $60 a day but very kind and easy - utilizing text messaging for communication was was quick and effective. The location is perfect and quick walk to the Reading Terminal. Hotel lobby is on the 2nd floor when for check-in. Staff was very nice at check-in and simple check-out on the Marriott app with room key drop box. 

Beautiful hotel, highly recommend.
I thought this was a great hotel, easy parking and super friendly check in staff

The room was really a nice size and I had a great view of the Philly skyline 

The hotel was just opening and the kitchen was not yet open so I had breakfast around the corner 

I like this Marriott hotel and will be nack
Wow someone at the Marriott really really needs to help this place!!! Do not come here

First of all this place is completely UNSAFE. They have no security what so ever. For a city location this is completely unacceptable! If I would've known this I never ever would have come here. At 10pm we came back from a wedding to 20 children in the entrance charging their phones and causing a commotion. They started heckling us and asking us why we were so dressed up. We felt very uncomfortable and immediately got into the elevator. We went to go change and when we came out we saw 2 of these children looking at doors up and down the hallway. We asked if they needed anything and they didn't respond but kept walking around. These kids were clearly under aged so they wouldn't have been able to book a room on their own, and we felt uncomfortable with them walking around on our floor. We watched them from the key hole and they must've walked by our door 10 times. We called the from desk and they finally had them removed, but it took awhile!
Valet- this must be the worst valet service in the world! They also charge $60 a night to valet cars! With that exorbitant price they should have the service to back it up and they don't! The groomsmen were an hour late to photos because they were waiting for the valet. Also when we checked in the valet or door person didn't even offer us a luggage cart! This is not Marriott service expectations, we were so dissatisfied. Then when the bride and groom returned from their wedding at 1030pm there was no valet on site! Not one person! Some stranger helped the bride go to the front desk to get a person who was apparently on break. They waited 45 minutes in the cold Philadelphia streets in a friggen wedding gown  for a valet person to finally arrive! They should be ashamed of themselves. 

Service is terrible all around. We had to call 3 times to get extra towels delivered. Because this hotel does everything on cheap. Only 2 towels , 2 pillow, and one blanket per room. The free breakfast is gross and the staff doesn't clean up at all. 

Save your money and go somewhere else!!!
We recently stayed here for 4 nights in a king studio. Spacious, well furnished, and comfortable room. Good location. Nice and responsive staff. Nice and well equipped kitchenette, with good sized refrigerator, stove top, microwave, and a good assortment of pots, pans, cutlery, etc The included breakfast was fine, but a bit limited (e.g. no hot cereal, and had breakfast sandwiches instead of eggs and bacon), and never seemed to vary.
