I'm giving them three stars because the main problem here is the guests. 

Yes, the GUESTS destroy this place. Upon checking in we received the piece of paper that I attached that states all the special rules for this Embassy Suites. My husband and I thought this "rule sheet" was really bizarre, but that was before staying here. See, locals from likely the worst parts of Philly have taken over this hotel on the weekends and they book rooms here to party. The pool is over-run with people here to party. Forget about using the hot tub - that's packed too. The reviews on here about the guests that frequent this hotel are 100% accurate.

For example, we ordered room service and once we were done eating - we put our left overs outside our room to be picked up. Shortly after, we hear noise outside our door and these teenagers are going through all of our room service left overs at our door. They look up and get an attitude and say, "What?!" to my husband. Then they're running through the halls late at night creating a miserable experience for those of us here to relax. 

We contacted the front desk at night - but that doesn't solve the issue that they're letting these scum bags stay here. They obviously know there's issues because they give out the rule sheet --- but the riff-raff continues. We asked the manager, Alberto, if we could check out after staying one night because we wanted to relocate to another Hilton hotel. He told us that we would lose our honors points that we were using to pay for our stay, and then we would be paying again at another Hilton in town. 

This doesn't seem right to me as I'm just asking for a peaceful environment. I don't expect to get a bunch of low budget partiers when I go to an Embassy Suites in Philly. Now, if I was in Daytona Beach at Spring Break --- I'd expect that, but not here. We wanted to be at a Hilton with a better atmosphere. 

In addition, the lowlifes staying here have really done a number on this place. We had a giant red stain on our living room carpet, paint coming off our bedroom door, paint and walls are damaged throughout the hotel too. Honestly, I think this hotel has the potential to be a decent place to stay though --- 

UPDATE - The General Manager of the hotel called us today and told us that they are working diligently to remove the rowdy guests. They've have security now, and require to see a hotel key for pool access, buffet, etc. he acknowledged that it is generally worse on the weekends (which we stayed), but they are trying to remedy the crazy guests. I just wanted Yelpers to know that we were followed up with in regards to our stay --- and I greatly appreciate it.

UPDATE 2 - The Monday and Tuesday of our stay were much different than the weekend. The weekdays were business travelers, pilots, flight attendants and families. It was a completely different vibe. In addition, the staff graciously gave us some free drinks and snacks for our troubles on Friday night. Even nicer - the General Manager,  Michael Deutsch, wrote us a note. I do think the hotel is working on eliminating the problem guests having stayed here for an extended stay, and I sincerely believe the staff here are friendly. I would return here during week.
A lot of positives and not a whole lot of negatives here.

My family and I planned a quick road trip out to Philadelphia for Independence Day weekend and we couldn't have been happier with Embassy Suites.

First of all, the hotel was very big and, unlike most hotels, has an open interior concept meaning every floor and hotel door is visible from the interior. Honestly, the stay was as hassle free as ever.

We love staying at hotels that have suites and this hotel was perfect was us. The suite was spacious, the room/bed was very clean, the customer service was great during check-in and check-out, the parking lot was very large and not overly crowded and, did I mention, they have a free breakfast every morning! Since we are still in the middle of a pandemic, the hot breakfast (eggs, bacon, sausage, home fries, toast) was served by employees, but there were bagels, muffins, cereal, fruits and juices that guests could serve themselves. In addition, the dining area for breakfast comprised of basically the entire 1st floor, so there was plenty of distancing for guests.

The only downside to the hotel was the fact that the parking was NOT free, which I thought was. It was $12 to park overnight, which wasn't bad, but I wish we knew ahead of time. Other than the parking fee, there were really no surprises at all and we loved our stay here.
I am not quite sure where to begin with describing our stay at this location.  My mother always taught me to say something nice so here is my nice thing:  David R at the front desk is probably the nicest guy I have ever encountered working at any hotel.  He made us feel welcome and he made dinner recommendations that were spot on.  

The manager's reception in the evening was nice.  This was a really relaxing touch after a long day of travel.

The bed in our room was amazingly comfortable.  The linens were crisply cleaned and the pillows were just right: not too stiff and not too fluffy!  I had a super restful sleep the first night.

Now for the not so nice side of our stay...(sorry mom, but I have to be honest here)

The breakfast was just meh.  The creamer I put in my coffee curdled and I got a huge swig of it.  Yuck.  The offerings were okay but just typical of a breakfast buffet.  The omelet was good but the potatoes were not freshly grilled and crisp.  If I wanted a bowl of cereal, I could have stayed somewhere else where the hotel is not known for having a great breakfast.  We will have to see tomorrow if it is better.

Our room was located really close to the pool which was convenient except for the multitudes of kids who were running past the door yelling and screaming.  I am not quite sure where all of the parents were, but they were not supervising the kids.  The open atrium setting lends itself to amplifying the sound of the screams.

We chose this location to stay because of its reputation for a good breakfast along with a pool/hot tub area.  On our first night, we went to the pool at 8:30.  There were kids in the pool throwing the life rings that should have been hanging on the wall.  There were glasses all over the place that had been there since the happy hour ended. There was vomit on the floor that wasn't cleaned up so I laid a towel over it.  There were heaps of used towels and trash all over the ground and on the chairs.  When I got out of the pool, I had a clump of someone's weave intertwined in my toes... gross...

The second evening, we came back to the hotel after a long day of doing touristy things and all I could think about was a relaxing dip in the hot tub.  At 8:00, we went to go in and there were tons of kids screaming and yelling at the top of their lungs.  There was one lone adult in the pool and about 30 kids.  The hot tub was so filled with 8-10 little kids who could barely touch the bottom and not one adult in sight.  I called the front desk to ask what the age requirement was for the hot tub and was told that there wasn't one. I asked for the hotel manager who told us that it was either 18 or 21 and she would take care of the situation.  WELL, the answer to the situation was to go in and CLOSE the entire pool and hot tub.  I called back to the manager to ask why this action was taken and was told that the pool area was too wet and needed to be cleaned. Honestly, I have heard of passive aggressive moves but that was over the top.  A security guard was promptly stationed outside of the door.  He first stated that the pool would open in 30 minutes.  Then it was 1 hour.  Then it was 1.5 hours.  We went back at 9:30 when it was supposed to reopen and the pool was already full of 30+ kids.  The hot tub was again full of little kids barely able to stand up in it.  There were kids hitting each other with inflatable rafts in the hot tub too.  Sooooooo..... I called back to the front desk.  The manager wouldn't take our call so we were passed on to the front desk manager. He said he would go down and address the issue.  Several minutes passed and nobody came. I went to the front desk and asked for him.  He said he would remove people from the hot tub who shouldn't be there and he would look at the people in the pool area who didn't have a wristband on. (We were given a wristband to wear to the pool.  I was told that it was because there were too many people sneaking in and rooms that had "over the limit" people staying in it.  The front desk manager did go in and ask the kids to leave the hot tub but did not address the issue of only 3 people besides us were not wearing wristbands.  We sat in the hot tub for a few minutes but the screaming was so intense that it was unbearable.  When we left, the pool itself was over its capacity of 40.  Kids were doing cartwheels off the side and dive bombing the pool.  It was the most unsafe display I have ever seen.  I don't understand why they couldn't post that security guard in there to keep some peace.  When we left, there were NO towels.  Shouldn't they have been replenished when the pool was being "cleaned" for an hour and a half?

At this point, do I really need to mention the condition of the hotel?  The curtains and drapes were stained. The carpet was filthy.  The lobby was dark and in disrepair.  There was no signage to detail any renovations.

In short, find somewhere else. BIG DISAPPOINTMENT. Don't say you weren't warned!!!
My brother Woke up covered in bed bugs. Covered. Everything he owned. Front desk could have cared less. I have never, ever, seen such behavior in my life. He had work today and literally had nothing to wear as it is all infested. Nothing could make this right but they did not even try. Stay away from this motel right outta hell. I had to drive up to Philly from Bmore with fresh clothes ( to get him outta the hotel without bringing those evil little pests outside). What the heck? Never seen anything like it.
After this trip I would give this no stars. Kids were running all over the place all night long. Locals rent rooms, pack kids in and hold birthday parties. It's not uncommon to see 10-12 in a room. At 1AM I had to call the desk about the noise next door, but they did nothing.

It takes forever to do anything at the desk. They now make you get breakfast passes each day, which necessitates a line wait. They don't let you pre-pay parking so you have to wait on line to check out.

Don't even try to use the pool or hot tub, it is wall-to-wall kids. After they leave, the pool & hot tub have a layer of oil from the hair products.

For some reason this hotel got rid of garbage cans in the common areas and there's trash everywhere.

We've been coming here for an annual conference for years now and nothing has been updated. Rooms still lack proper charging areas near the beds. There's no USB ports. The WiFi is awful. 

Kids run around barefoot or in pajamas. A fight broke out at the breakfast bar when someone tried to sneak in extra people, and the police were called. The hotel looks like a homeless shelter. Definitely not worth staying. I wish the conference would move.
For an Embassy Suites they can make some improvements.  Service was great but the rooms need an upgrade.  I told the hotel that there was some rest or mold in my bathroom.  This is a billion dollar company and if they want to stand out from the half dozen other hotels they need to spend the money to make improvements.  I have been to about a dozen Embassy Suites so I know it is possible and they can make the changes.
Yesterday I came back to my room after a day of work and found out I was ROBBED!!!! I called the police and the manager on duty. Cops and manager did reports but both seemed not too bothered about it.  Examination of the door card reader shows the hotel restaurant manager entering my room at 10am, what business does he have in my room besides stealing!!!!! 2 laptops and 1 professional camera and photography equipment totalling $6000 was stolen along with some clothes and toiletry items. I filled a formal report with Hilton Corp. and they are emailing the GM just in case the manager on duty tries to sweep this under the rug. I still have not heard from anyone at the hotel. I also learned my hotel neighbor was robbed too. This is outrageous!!! If you value your property and safety DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL!!!
My wife stays at Embassy suites for business and she has always had good experiences. Until we stayed in this Embassy location. We were staying one night before leaving from the nearby airport. We had a "suite", apparently so called because it had an oversized conference table and chairs as soon as you entered through the door. The furniture occupied most of the room. The only other room in the suite was a small, cramped bedroom. Hardly anyone 's idea of a suite. 

The staff, especially the bartenders, seemed indifferent to the needs of the clientele. The bar area was not clean and the staff didn't seem one bit concerned about it. Yes, there was free food during happy hour, but certainly nothing worth while to write home to mom, or yelp about. Yes, there were a lot of children around which resulted in a lot of noise going well into the night. 

With all the other hotel options nearby, I definitely would recommend that you steer clear of this location.
This place gives the embassy suites' name a bad reputation. Our room was not clean. The bathtub was filthy. Housekeeping clearly just folded the towels and made it appear as if it was clean. Look beneath the surface and you will discover the filth. "You can put lipstick on a pig, but it's still a pig". We asked for a pack and play, and it had old dried up throw up stains on it! Disgusting! 

My Aunt had bed bugs in her bed, causing her to have to go to the doctor.

Had an event there and the conference room's air conditioning did not work. Just unacceptable! 

I expected so much more from an embassy suite establishment, but I'm never going to stay at an embassy suite again. Not like it this multi-billion dollar business cares, but still figured I would say something. Hope management makes some changes! Quickly! 

Stay with caution!
Stayed here while attending a face painting convention taking place at the hotel itself, and I have to say, it was pretty decent.  Since I was a convention attendee, there was a special discounted room rate per night, which in the end, turned out to be much less what it normally would be had one not been attending the convention.  For what I paid, which was two nights in a suite with a living room (with a pull-out sofabed) and a bedroom with 2 beds, it was well worth it.  Plus, the breakfast and the manager's reception made it even more worth it.
Terrible, terrible, terrible experience. Had a conference here so I did not choose this hotel, if I ever have w conference here again I will stay somewhere else. The room was nice, however, the location of it was the most inconvenient as it could possibly be, not to mention the slowest elevator I have been on in my life, with only 5 floors. The room service and food was atrocious, I waited for 1 hour and called and was told it was on its way....an hour later it still had not arrived, I called room service and got no answer....over and over again. So I walked down to the front desk and made a complaint and cancelled my food as it was 11:00 pm and I ordered food at 8:45. At lunch the next at I ordered the gnocchi bolognese, it was gnocchi and tomato sauce, sans meat, which makes a damn BOLOGNESE!! Terrible. The next day I went down to the front desk to ask a simply question of a late check out, the clerk rolled her eyes and had a terrible attitude, like I was asking for 1 million dollars of her own money, or maybe I had kicked her puppy. The room keys didn't work, had to pay extra to park a car, the hotel is in a non busy area. The gates for parking didn't work.
I'd give the same comment about the front desk as I've already read. I came with a group (over 10 rooms) and they were missing a fourth of them. Instead of giving us straight answers about when they'd be ready they started making themselves busy with other customers. When I went back to the front desk to ask again the second staff member raised his voice and got combative. Saying "Did you talk to me!?" "Okay give me a moment. " He never came back. 

They've served countless other patrons while we waited with no new information. It's been well over a half hour and we've still got nothing. Our group of 70 is still waiting on the bus.
Absolutely horrible!!!!  Happy hour???  Bartender was rude.  Asked what was on the happy hour list.  He answered like there was a list or I should know.  And we have had 75% of the channels on the tv going in and out saying "no signal". I called the front desk and was basically told it's out of our hands.  Our neighbors tv and a few rooms down are having the same experience so it's not just ours.  I think I got into the front desk persona feelings cause he said he would personally come up to check on the tv.  I pray that he does.  Hahaha.  Second year in a row staying hear. Last year they allowed a huge party in the lobby. When they finally told them to leave the party got mad and pulled the fire alarm around 4am!  Great start to our vacation.  We won't be coming back next year.  Such a shame .SHIT HOLE!!!!
After reading previous reviews I was a little nervous but after our stay I believe the hotel management must have worked hard to fix many of these. 
    
- The staff at the desk when we checked in were very professional and friendly.  They made sure that we had no questions and that we knew about the managers reception and when and where it would be.

- Our room was spacious, very clean and updated.  We were very comfortable there.

- Managers reception and breakfast were great!  Everything was refilled quickly and we were asked several times how we were doing and if we needed anything.  Very friendly and professional staff.  

- The only reason that I did not give it 5 stars is that the pool was filled with children and very few adults.  It was way over capacity.  There is an adults only hour from 11:00pm to midnight but by that time the kids had pretty well trashed the area (probably due to a lack of supervision) and they closed the pool down and said that it was out of order.  It was still out of order the next morning.  There really needs to be a solution found for this as it seems to be an ongoing issue.  To make it worse we could hear the kids screaming and playing from our 4th floor room with the doors closed and curtains drawn.

As a whole our stay was very pleasant.  Fix the pool issue and this hotel is a winner.
I've stayed here numerous time in the past but would rather stay at a local motel next time. If you are trying to get a good nights rest this is not the place for you!! They seem to let people cram into rooms and have parties. There were tons of kids running around all night screaming and yelling. They have a good breakfast buffet but it's aggravating going down due to the number of kids yelling and cutting in line. Hands down the hotel has the worst parking I've ever seen, they let non guest park their cars and fly out of PHL, so it's next to impossible to get decent parking. Rooms are average and acceptable. I booked a premium room and paid for it but was still put in a standard room.  There are to many other options close by to have to deal with this.
Please, do not stay here.

I stayed here just this past Monday and Tuesday. On Tuesday, I woke up to a bedbug on my pillow. I took pictures, alerted the front desk and, after calling again to follow up on the situation, was told that someone has already come to take a look, and that "no bedbugs were seen," even though I saw a live one crawl across the pillow where I slept. I've yet to get in touch with management about this issue, even after emailing and calling. Please go elsewhere.
I stay at Hilton properties 3-5 nights a week. I've stayed at numerous embassy suites and this one is hands down the worst one in the US. I used to stay at this location quite a lot before but have been trying to avoid it if possible. Unfortunately last week I had no choice and had to stay here.  The only difference I noticed this stay was that parking went up to $20 plus taxes per night. 
I had booked and paid for a "premium" suite. Supposedly the rooms have been recently renovated (what a joke). The premium rooms are supposed to come with a snack tray. My room did not have a tray so I called down to the front desk, they said they'd have one right up, after an hour or so I called back and now they said everyone went home and I'd get two tomorrow. I had to go down the next night and ask again and the gentleman put some snacks in my room but no way was it two trays worth of stuff. 

The TV and phone did not work in the bedroom, the alarm clock was falling apart. The shower had stains and the soap boxes looked like it had mold on them.  Many more better options to stay in the area!!
Can't give them 5 stars because they don't keep the noise down during the evening hours. But I will say this they are friendlier than most Philadelphia hotels and I have stayed at a few. The young man at the restaurant is wonderful I can't remember his name but he is great. And the BEST part is of course Happy Hour. One of the best reasons to stay in an Embassy suites
Review based on 1 night stay on 3rd floor:

PROS:
+ Free WIFI (very slow)
+ Friendly staff
+ Additional charge ports bedside with combo outlet/USB extension device
+ Close to airport
+ Free breakfasr

CONS:
- Paid parking. $13/day
- Very slow elevator
- Rooms felt clean, carpets were not (stains seemed fresh, could use deep cleaning)
- Bathrooms are small and very plain


Overall assessment for this Embassy is decent. Though, compared to other ES stays, definitely does not measure up. Mainly due to need for renovations/overhaul. The whole property seemed poorly lit, a tad depressing, rundown and dingy. If given a choice, not sure this would be my first selection the next time.
I am a hilton honors rat for over 14 years. I stayed here 2 weeks ago. Room was fine but you needed to people to push and open the door separating the bedroom from the entry room. Lousy AC but this is not what really bothered me. Next morning despite a DO Not Disturb sign, twice a cleaning person kept knocking reluctantly.
At any rate, I complained to the front desk and on 2 occasions, they mentioned a manger will call me. 
Never happened. Btw they had a a card about "satisfaction Guarantee" ... I don't mean to be picky but when you drive 300miles expecting a great room to rest it matters!
I will not recommend this ES.
The bathroom was disgusting with mold...  an example of poor housekeeping.  One wonders what else is lurking in a room.
They have BED BUGS. YES, BED BUGS. It was so bad that my family member had to go to urgent care. TRUST ME, THIS IS NOT THE SPOT. 

If you read other reviews, you will read about BED BUGS as well. THAT MEANS THEY AREN'T TREATING THE PROBLEM! 

My cousin's tub was dirty and they obviously had not cleaned the bathroom. There was a ring around the tub (GROSS). 


So y'all don't clean, and based on the reviews, you obviously don't care. Here's a tip... DEMOLISH THE BUILDING.
**Update** After the horrible experience with guest services. We found bedbugs in some of the rooms. This isn't likely to keep us from going to another embassy, as we've never had an experience like this at their hotels. I just can't believe there's one this bad that hasn't had someone come in to seriously rearrange things.
Very poor experience so far (especially considering the room rate).  Hotel is dark and the atrium/lobby has a shady feel.  The people next door sound as if they are talking in my room.  Lady at the bar kicked me out because I brought an outside hero sandwich in to eat while doing work and having a couple beers.  Parking fee is $7. a day but once you park it's a long walk to the front door.  1 of the elevators was inop so the wait was especially long to get to my room then down to the lobby again.  

I travel for work and I stay in a different hotel every night, embassy is usually great but def not this one.  This is one disappointed traveler, won't be staying here again...
This hotel looks nice, but boy does it need a serious overhaul.  I will say, overall, the staff was nice.  However, there was an employee that was a bit unprofessional.  She was using profanity and was loud.  There were kids around so she needed to keep it clean at least, but that wasn't the case.  Happy hour was cool, but it would be nice if there was a better selection of beverages.  The Embassy Suites in downtown Philadelphia has an amazing happy hour beverages and snacks.  Also, there was a spider on our ceiling that we called the front desk about, and then we saw a baby roach crawling around.  Other than that, staying overnight night was bearable, but I will not return.
This place is disgusting. Everything is clearly decades old.  Room service didn't clean our rooms or the rooms of my family. The carpet has so many stains , it made my skin crawl. This place is along the lines of a Motel 6. I have stayed at way better places for this price . Totally put a damper on my family reunion. The breakfast is good and so was the bar and food staff. One of the security guards was extremely rude to us for no reason at all. 

Do NOT stay here!
As a frequent traveler who stays over 75 days a night at hotels, this was by the far the worst hotel experience period. When we arrived we were told that although we reserved a non smoking room, since we did it through a 3rd party (american express in our case) in was invalid. To make matters worse the couple after us was asked when they checked in if they wanted smoking or non-smoking. Our room smelled disgusting and had a Grimey feel to it. That night my daughter woke up with blood all over her arm. It seems an open safety pin was left under the sheets. I took her immediately to the from desk and requested to speak to a manager. The assistant general manager (Jeff) came over and gave us a couple bandaids and some neosporin. He then asked if he could comp us a bag of chips(&$%#^*). I was not happy and asked him what was the policy when this happens, he didn't know. I asked him to please write a accident report and send me a copy. He said he would and walked away without asking our room number our name. The next morning there was no sign of him or the report.

Also, this place does not replace towels, why - know one knows. You have to ask front desk if you are staying over 1 day. To make matters worse, my wife saw a rodent run from the bathroom to the couch. We immediately checked out.......

Please do your homework before staying here or you will regret it.
This place is atrocious. Broken tiles, very dirty carpet, and generally in very poor condition. When I got to my room, the air conditioning didn't and had to convince them them to give me another room.  Just a terrible experience.
I have issues with this hotel. This is the third year I've attended a conference here, and I'm not happy with it. I really wish the convention would move.

The good:

1. Rooms are sizable, two-room suites. Ours had a king bed and a fold out couch. Lots of plugs for charging things, although I would have preferred a charger next to the bed since I use my phone as an alarm.

2. The Manager's reception from 5:30 - 7:30 includes free booze, free snacks (nuts, salsa & chips, M&Ms). Not bad and a fun place to socialize, but the soundtrack was 70s mellow.

3. Their ecodome look is ok, but I like the two mallards who are in the pond. They're a nice touch.

4. Check in was quick and courteous.

5. The chefs who make the morning breakfast on the made to order line do a really great job. If you go, remember to tip them.

Issues: 

1. They don't anticipate the size of the crowd. Even after 3 years, they run out of everything.  No matter what time I checked the pool area, 7AM, 3PM, 10PM - there were NO towels and the floor was sopping wet. No one does maintenance. The bathrooms in the common area were always out of tissues/toilet tissue/soap. One toilet in the public bathroom area had obvious poop stains on it from Friday - Sunday.

2. The hotel offers a free breakfast. Great, except they run out of everything there, too. Yesterday at 8AM they were out of plates, forks, knives, bacon, sausage, yogurt, coffee mugs, and milk for the coffee. People were standing around waiting and what does the guy bring out of the back? Bagels. No knives to put anything on them, just bagels. It took forever to get food, causing people to run late getting to the conference's 9AM sessions.

3. They rent the space out for children's birthday parties and you have children running around all the time. They clog up the pool and hot tub, which both wind up with oil slicks on the water from hair products. Because the kids are packed into just one or two rooms, you get 10-20 kids from one party coming down for the breakfast, which is probably why they are running out of everything. Someone needs to enforce the occupancy limit. I understand the rooms are 2-room suites, but they aren't meant for 10 kids and a couple of adults.

4. The bathrooms are in the center of the suites, between the bedroom & living room. They don't have windows or fans. Not pleasant when you're sharing with a roommate for a conference. The bathrooms only have showers, no tubs, so if you're traveling with a small child, you won't be able to bathe them and if you're looking for a good soak, you're out of luck.

5. The fire alarm system went off spontaneously at 7AM on Sunday, waking everyone. Technical glitch but yeesh.

6. The maids don't check the electronic items in the suites. Everyone at the conference was complaining about alarm clocks that had the wrong time or the alarm was set by the previous occupant. TV remotes needed batteries. Fridges were left ajar and running. 

7. Be warned, if you're not a Hilton Honors member, this hotel charges for everything. They charge over $10 daily for Wifi, they charge 7 a day for parking. Wifi in the conference rooms can be spotty.

8. The hotel has one restaurant, in the common area, and it has extremely limited hour and a limited menu. I reviewed it last year and there are no changes to report this year. There's not much close by except a mediocre Ruby Tuesday, so you are limited in being able to obtain food. If you're staying here for more than a few hours, you might want to bring your own stuff.

9. Due to the vaulted atrium construction, this place is always freezing. Even the conference rooms were freezing yesterday morning. We were shivering and instead of bringing in coffee, they bring in ice water.

10. They do away with the morning coffee instead of leaving coffee service out. The rooms have the worst types of drip coffee makers. They have hot chocolate and ice water up by the reception desk, but I'd rather have coffee.

I do travel at times for business and I much prefer other properties. This one definitely needs a managerial update.
Decent property near the airport.

It was under renovation when I stayed so it was a bit noisy during the day but with the suite I was able to close the inner door and it was quite.

Manager's happy hour was a bit sparse but there is plenty of room to relax in the huge lobby/lounge.

Fitness center had plenty of newer equipment.
This was the worst experience i've ever had. The hottest weekend in Philadelphia and the hallways was cooler than my room. I had the air on 60 and it was broke. 76 degree after being 97, 98 and 101 over a 4day period was just awful. The bed is lumpy and made my back hurt even more all weekend. After driving from NC to Philadelphia and for it to be hotter than it was in NC. My dinner of roast beef was dry and hard/burnt, no ranch dressing for my salad and my bread wouldn't even melt my butter (but my room did). The happy hour drinks are mostly vodka drinks. And its $20 a day to park in the lot. I was only able to one bag of ice out of 3days. If I could give my stay a half star I would the only good thing about this hotel is breakfast and security ( which was definitely needed) I will never ever stay here again.
Our room was spacious and clean. Exceptional view on the 9th floor facing the city. Service was mediocre. Valet parking but an additional fee of $40-$50 per night plus tips. No wifi...additional fee for that too if you want to stream from your room. Used the restrooms in the lobby which were dirty, dingy and in need of some repairs. But overall, would definitely stay here again! Skip eating in the TGI Friday's though! On the first evening, my husband found a hair in his beverage and the very next morning we had breakfast in there and I found a hair in my food!!! Two days in a row?! Yuck!
This was one weird hotel.

We checked in on a Thursday night and the hotel was quiet and serene. There was no one in the pool area, so we decided to check it out. The pool water looked green and cloudy, so we opted against jumping in. The hot tub looked welcoming, so we spent a nice relaxing 15 minutes in there and went back to our room. 

The rooms are BIG, no doubt about that. You get a living room area with a couch and TV and table. There was a small kitchen area - sink, microwave, and fridge. That was a plus! 

A door separates that area from the bedroom, which had a large bed, TV, table and closet. We were pleased so far.

Then the weekend hit and the place went from quiet to crazy.

We attended a managers reception the next evening - we were told it was from 5:30-7:30pm. We weren't able to even have any snacks because there were no plates. So we had to wait for a while - and were then able to indulge in chips, salsa and peanuts. Big whoop, but hey, it was something.

We had a beer and a mixed drink and went up for one last drink before 7:30pm. That's when a security guard at the bar told us it was now a regular bar, no open bar. We were confused, as we had been told by the receptionist that it was until 7:30pm. We had also gotten our last drink after 7pm. We didn't want to cause a fuss, and we went back to our room.

The pool was incredibly crowded once the weekend hit. I'm not sure what happened, but there were a million people in there at all times. Where did they all come from? There were also people hanging out and leaning on the balconies at all times. Not a big deal, but it didn't seem very private. I had the curtains on our room closed at all times, because there were lots of people at all times.

The next morning, I was awoken to the sound of loud music next door. It wasn't our room neighbor - it was the cleaning woman! She must have been blasting the radio next door. Not cool! There were some people trying to sleep (like myself).

When she cleaned our room that day, she also forgot to stock the room with bathroom towels. Lovely. We had to get those from the front desk.

The rooms that were on our same floor, but further away, smelled of cigarettes and pot. They were smoking rooms. There must have been a bachelorette party going on, but that's no excuse to have part of the hotel smell like a smokestack. Gross.

The breakfast in the morning wasn't so bad. We got French Toast custom ordered and had some eggs and whatnot. It was good, and the hours on weekends extend for breakfast. That was a plus.

The area itself doesn't seem too safe, but we always found parking and had no safety issues while there.

Overall, I don't think I'd return to this hotel. There were lots of people - so much so that I couldn't enjoy the pool - and the open air atrium in the middle of the hotel seemed strange and made it a long walk to our room, which was no where near staircases and elevators.
Let me first say that I agree with whoever in these reviews have put that the check in and out process is entirely too slow.  I also notice that several patrons had a difficult time at check in.  I  was never explained to about the managers reception and or the time of breakfast, HORRIBLE. Javon was less and impressive.

Upon my checking I reserved a two-bed suite I was told that none was available so I was given a suite on the premium floor I couldn't be any further away from the hotel entrance.  This is the first Embassy Suites that I have ever been in that there were security guards that walk the hotel.  

The breakfast area is too small and the selections are limited.  The breakfast staff was friendly and doing there best to keep out with the demands. 

The managers reception had some of the worse well liquors that I  couldn't even try them, drugstore type liquor, YUCK. 

The young ladies that were the bartenders seemed very nice, & YES THERE ARE KIDS ALL OVER!

SHAREESE I hope I spelled her name correctly is the NITE TIME front desk staff, is the only reason that I stayed my entire stay at thus hotel, but I WILL NOT STAY HERE AGAIN EVER!!!!!! There is a Marriott just down the block.

I would have given a 1 star but I DIDN'T HAVE BED BUGS & THE BED WAS COMFORTABLE.  This place is not absolutely HORRIBLE, but 

IT'S THE WORST EMBASSY I HAVE EVER STAYED IN!!!

I WILL PROBABLY NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN.
If you have an hour to burn waiting on the shuttle, then Embassy Suites is for you. My 60 year old mother had a flight cancelled by awful American Airlines and had to spend the night in Philly (I know, I feel bad for her too....Philly is the armpit of America). Booked her a room at Embassy Suites as a Hilton gold member. 4 calls between the 2 of us and finally a cop had to flag down the shuttle to get to the hotel at 1030 PM. Awful experience, point blank. If you say on your website you run an airport shuttle. You shouldn't have to call 4 times to get someone out there. Avoid, avoid, avoid.
I don't usually give Ratings, but we spent was two lovely days at the Embassy suites at the Philadelphia airport, and they deserve it.
We came here for a convention.  We were greeted in the lobby nice chilled water beautiful orchids on the reception desk and by the chairs in the lobby.

The building has five floors and three elevators  - 2 near  the front desk and one on the opposite side of the building. No waiting.

All the rooms surrounding courtyard with skylights on the ceiling and the atrium full of beautifully attended green plants.

Our room was quite large with a refrigerator and microwave and two large 35 inch TVs. The bathroom was small but had fluffy towels and Crabtree & Evelyn amenities.
The bed was comfortable with very soft pillows.

Our convention included a lunch a dinner.  I was quite impressed how well they served 200 people.  It was buffet style and the food was tasty and will well-prepared and at the correct temperature.

Our room rate (which was a good deal via Expedia) included complimentary breakfast and cocktails. The breakfast was excellent with made-to-order omelets/eggs and buffet of bacon, sausages and waffles, French toast , yogurts fruit, bagels.toast/muffins and Starbucks coffee.

Complementary cocktail hour from 5:30 to 7:30 ,but the drinks were I think were watered down.  They had nachos and nuts and it was very pleasant to sit in a beautiful lobby.

One thing I didn't like was how warm the pool was. It was crystal clear and looked very nice for a swim because there's lots of natural light.  But it was just too hot to be refreshing.

The facilities were far better than I expected and the staff were all very friendly and helpful. I doubt I will ever need to stay near the Philly airport again, but if I did, there is no question I would return to this Embassy Suites.

Oh yes, the hotel charges $7 a day for parking and $10.50 a day for internet.  But when I checked in with Yelp both were free, BUT the expiration date for the Yelp promo was June 2013.  I reported it to the front desk...let's see what happens.  Also I found the hotel on Google maps, and it had a deal for free parking.  Someone said they got the internet promo code from the maid!
The Front Desk Staff, particularly Stephanie and Monique and Housekeeping staff such as Ms. Karen, really made this a great experience. We traveled from the West Coast and these ladies were exceptionally accommodating, from providing EXCELLENT and attentive customer service to offering, places to eat. There's also the breakfast "train" that is complimentary and a show within itself. You cannot go wrong staying here with this great staff! They made our trip to Philadelphia enjoyable!!!
Not sure what ducks have to do with Philadelphia, but the duck theme is very evident throughout the hotel.  They even have a duck pond in the lobby area that is filled with muddy water.  Not sure if that is how ducks prefer to live, but since the rest of hotel appeared clean, I don't want to be greeted with dirty water.

Parking is $7/night, but thanks to Yelp, I checked in and received free parking. Score.

Wifi was free but that could be because I am Hilton Honors member.  Otherwise, I am not sure if they charge.

There isn't an ice machine on every floor, so if you want ice, you have to truck it to the main floor/lobby area.  Fail.

As with all Embassy Suites, they offer free breakfast and I will say, it was the best made-to-order egg while omelet that I have ever tasted.  Not sure what made it so good, but I really enjoyed it.  The manager's reception is help every evening from 5:30-7:30pm. This includes free wine and snacks.  

There is nothing else in walking distance, so whatever else you may need, make sure you have it before you arrive.

Overall, just an A-OK experience.
We stayed here for 3 nights and I couldn't have asked for a better experience. The hotel shuttle arrived promptly to the airport, and our driver was so kind and very helpful with suggesting things to do in the area. We were too early to check in, however the entire staff was so kind and accommodating. They let us eat breakfast and offered to hold our bags if we wanted to go out while we waited. We were still able to check in 5.5 hours early. Our room was clean, the furniture was clean and recently updated, and we had everything we needed. The hotel was quiet in the evening and we had zero problems with anything. I cannot stress how professional and accommodating the entire staff was. Overall, the hotel was very nice and clean, the free breakfast was above and beyond, and we got a good nights sleep every night. I would definitely recommend staying here, and I will book it again next time I go to Philadelphia. This place was a great first impression of the city of brotherly love!
If I could rate this place NO stars I would. First off, the room was gorgeous. We booked a two bed junior suit, the sleeping area was separate from the common area. Around 12:30 at night, the buildings smoke alarm went off. EVERYONE in the building evacuated and 3 fire trucks and an ambulance came. We stood outside for 2 1/2 hours IN THE RAIN while the fire department put out the fire. Everyone kept asking hotel staff what was going on and no one could give us answers. We weren't able to reenter the building until a little after 2. ( Luckily we weren't like most guests and arrived by shuttle from the airport and we had a car to sleep in) so we slept in the car until we woke up after 2AM to find everyone that was outside back in the building. The next morning, long and behold the fire was the fault of the hotel. Their boiler caught fire. Which is probably why they didn't want to provide us with information about what was happening while we were standing in the rain. The general manager was rude. We were very upset that no one gave us information and felt that they were withholding information about the fire because it was their fault.  The hotel room is beautiful, terrible customer service.
this place is depressing and sad. it is tired, dimly lit, and unenergetic. the lonely stream in the middle looks like it's running to the sewage plant, the sparsely spaced "no natural light needed" plants are begging to see the sun, the bargain basement glass elevators are trying so hard to be fancy, the enormous eye-straining atrium that looks like something Dante wrote about... oh my goodness! and the rooms are a special shade of dingy yellow, walls, furniture, lamps, mirrors, carpet... everything! i'm sorry, i like hilton branded hotels, but this place is a certain kind of awful. to be clear, there is nothing specifically wrong about this hotel. rooms are clean *enough*. staff is pleasant *enough*. they have a restaurant, a bar, a pool and free breakfast. but all of that is in a sad, creepy and depressing environment. you've been warned.

oh and the in and out parking ($7/day) means you buzz the front desk when you go out and have to tell them your room number and name. good luck when it's raining or when a lot of people are trying to leave at once. oy.
Stayed here the night before an early flight. Overall we had a good stay and managed to arrive with about 10 minutes left in the happy hour. We got a few free drinks (they offer both alcohol and non-alcoholic) and they had some chips and salsa, cheese and crackers, and a bowl of animal cookies for snacks. The place is pretty dimly lit throughout. The room itself was OK but looked a little worn here and there. One of the outlets wasn't working, but we didn't realize it until we got up in the morning to find our iPad not charged. We used the digital key option, which was my first time using this option. I found the digital key option to actually be slower than just using the traditional card key. You have to open the app, shake your phone, get close to the door, then press a button on your screen. This then sends a signal to a server that then unlocks your door 3-5 seconds later. Parking is $12 a day, which I thought was a bit steep. They do have a shuttle that runs to/from the airport, but we drove off the following morning and parked elsewhere. Overall, not a bad option when you need to stay near Philly airport.
I've read some of the bad reviews here and I'm a little surprised.  I liked the place.  So did my wife.  We'd stay again.  

Pros: 
Easy to get to/find.
Complimentary Happy Hour is really nicely done.
Exercise room adequate.
Breakfast brunch buffet is very, very nice.
Rooms clean, maintained well.  Spacious.

Cons:
Elevators are slow
Bar opens at 5:30pm.
Not enough luggage carts.  (If you're a single traveler, no worries.  With kids?  Plan early for a luggage cart.)
Some issues with our parking card opening the parking gate (each time we left) but it was easily fixed.  Just a minor annoyance.

Would stay here again if on business for sure.  With kids, likely not.

Edit:  After I posted, I feel like I should edit this because of the "With kids, likely not" comment.  Here's a nice story about a nice man at this hotel - I wish I got his name, but if anyone from the hotel reads this, you'll know who I mean.  We arrived at the hotel on 6/12/15 and my son was terrified of the elevator.  A kind, older man who worked there talked to my son for a while and tried to get him into the elevator.  He really did try hard.  He was a blessing.  We had just come from Sesame Place and hit a lot of traffic and I wasn't in the best of moods, and this man was doing his best for my son to get in the elevator.  He even tried to negotiate with my son with candy, but it didn't work.  A really nice guy, I owe him a drink for sure.  My son eventually did get in the elevator the next day.  We looked for you on the way out but we couldn't find you.  Thanks again for the help!
Not a very good place to stay. They do party's here, when we checked in there were two party's one Indian. There was a heard of Indians at the main lobby area and reception area and main entrance. No one to heard them. It took us 4 min just to get to the elevators but they left in 45 min to where ever the were going to in the bus. And then there was the black party. OMG so loud and so nasty, cursing all around in the elevators with kids. I can go on for ever but not worth wasting more time. Worst Hilton brand that I ever saw.
We stayed here for a week in August when we were attending a friend's wedding. The staff was friendly and very helpful, and although there were a few worn items in our room, it was clean. I liked the spacious sitting area, as we were able to have friends over for wine a few times; however if we would have wanted to cook dinner there, the mini kitchen would not have been adequate. There were no dishes or cooking utensils, and the wet bar had a microwave and a small refrigerator. Still, we had planned to eat most of our meals out, as we spent a lot of time visiting friends.

This is a popular reunion venue (at least during the summer), and although they may have had problems in the past with noise and partying after hours, the quiet time is strictly enforced now. There were a few kids running in the hallway after curfew, and security was quick to remedy the situation. The staff was also very friendly and helpful, and I loved the fact that you can take the free shuttle to the train stop, which takes you into downtown Philadelphia. It's a great sightseeing option, and we didn't have to bug our local friends to shuttle us around.

The breakfast was also very good, with a buffet and a cooked-to-order egg station. They even had turkey sausage! They add another omelette station on the weekends, as that is their busiest time. They also have a nice cocktail hour reception with free snacks and drinks. 

The one complaint I do have is that the room walls are pretty thin. We had quiet neighbors for most of the week, but one night we did have 2 screaming kids next door and we heard it all. Still, for the most part it was a very pleasant stay, and a good value for what we paid. I will say though, that we made our reservations early and we got a much better deal than friends who booked later, so plan as far ahead as possible.
Way over priced for this place.  Well past its prime.  We had a 1am checkin so we just stumbled into our room.  Woke up to the sensation of "what;s that smell?'  Though the room was supposed to be non-smoking it reeked like someone had just had a casino night in there.  Then we noticed how dirty the room and bathroom were.  The sink was cracked and there were brown fingerprints on the inside of the bathroom door . What was that!??!?  We got our room switched immediately upon getting up.

The second room was better but you could still smell the masked cigarette smoke.  The layout of the place is weird.  The whole inner atrium is open to every room via a balcony.  Better than a hallway I guess but it means that every noise travels like you're in a cave.  There were kids galore in the morning in the atrium and right through the walls it sounded like recess at local PS 52.  

There are 2 elevators in the 6 story place.both of them are fairly near each other.  The balconies wrap around the atrium meaning most rooms are quite a long walk from an elevator.  Bad design.  You can go down the stairs but then you're assaulted by more cigarette smoke.

The good part is the omelet bar - anything you want including fresh made pancakes and french toast.  The bad part is the line.  One guy taking the orders and preparing while you wait.  He's pretty fast and makes a mean omelet but unless you get there real early expect a 20 minute wait.  There were a bunch of staff running around during breakfast but from what I could tell they mostly just got got in the way and didn't do much else.

Another thing - no can liners in any of the trash cans.  There has to be a germ fest building up in there to rival the black plague era of the middle ages.

Parking is screwy - you have to get  a pass validated every day. At least they didn't charge me the $7 a day they said they were going to.

I gave it 2 stars due to the delicious omelet and the friendly front  desk personnel.  Other wise it would have been a 1 star because the price does not reflect the quality

Overall, skip this place.  There are several more reasonably priced places right next door that have to be better than this.
I really enjoyed my stay at the Embassy Suites in Philly this weekend. It was like staying in an ecotarium with comfy beds, big TVs and free breakfast every morning!

Trust my review, because I've stayed in MANY ecotariums. Not really. (Or have I?) Moving on.

Big plusses included free parking ("F" you $40 a night parking at hotels. "F" you in the "A".), and FREE breakfast that was chock full of goodness far beyond continental.

Price? We got the room for $85 a night via Priceline.com. So, we were pleased.

Location? Meh. It's right near the airport. You're about a 10 minute walk from the nearest commuter rail (or ask if the shuttle can take you if you're lazy... like me) into the city. Maybe a 5 minute drive from Citizens Bank Park, which was our final destination in Philadelphia. 

Negatives? No free internet, and iffy cell phone service. Sometimes I was wandering the halls, looking for service.
We spent a night in this hotel because US Airways gave us a free hotel voucher after a misconnection that stranded us in Philly airport. 

Pros-the airport shuttle arrived promptly, the front desk staff were warm and caring considering our situation, the lobby reminded me of a rainforest in Hawaii,  the food was pretty good at the restaurant and the rooms were tastefully decorated with flat screen TV's. 

The cons-the Jacuzzi water level was so low that the water was squirting out into the air and you were only partially submerged in it, they only gave us one coffee cup for 3 of us, and I had to call for a decent blanket for the pull out sofa bed two different times and ended up with a scratchy horrible thin blanket in the end. Also, the pull out sofa bed was extremely horrible (no surprise) with poles sticking into my back and a concave center. IF you sleep on their normal beds, you are in heaven, so don't worry you will get a down comforter and pillow top bed. However, if there are 3 of you...well, you will wake up cold and with a sore back.
DO NOT STAY HERE!!!  This hotel has guest 10-20 to a room and I'm not exaggerating. Kids running everywhere, adults drinking in the parking lot, drinking in the gym, drinking in the pool. Not to mention the hotel makes you sign a waiver saying you will not throw parties.  Management is not enforcing this policy.  I made Hilton book me another property and did not spend the night. Breakfast would have been a nightmare!!  It's really sad cause the lobby is beautiful, but unfortunately management is not enforcing their own guest policies.  My advice, pay a little extra and stay somewhere else.
Thin Walls, screaming families...Worst Hilton Honors experience I have ever had. Rooms feel old and run down. Waited 30 min in the breakfast line before I gave up.  Many people were cutting in line and the cooks couldn't care less and were slow taking frequent breaks...They also ran out of cereal, fruit, and bacon, sausage..Only thing I could get was a 4 oz Dannon yogurt.  Never staying here again.
They charge for everything!  I went to a conference there recently... Charged $7 a day for parking, $10.65 a day for wifi, had NO coffee in the lobby or conference room.  Staff was RUDE! They have a "pond" in the lobby... water was brown, foamy, and smelled. The conference room was either 50 degrees or 85. There was no medium.  We kept getting power jolts which cause the lights to flicker. I peeked at the breakfast bar... teeny stale looking muffins and itty bitty yogurts, they had a milk dispenser with a jar of Hershey's syrup next to it instead of chocolate milk. The only positive was the bathrooms were reasonably clean and the water with fruit in the lobby was good. Would not recommend this place for ANY business needs.
I have stayed at many Embassy Suites, this one is by the far the most disappoining .  I did not have very high expectations as it is located at the airport, but they still managed to fall short.
It started at the managers reception (free drinks and appetizers, woohoo)  I ordered a beer which arrived in the dirtiest glass I have ever seen.  I was not paying attention and took a drink, I almost threw up a little.  There were still bits of dried on food from someone who had been eating and drinking.  Makes me feel ill thinking about it.  The appetizers were dodgy looking cheese cubes with some tortilla chips.
On to dinner.
20 minutes after we were seated they took our food and wine order. 5 minutes later they came with the bread. 20 minutes later they came with dinner. 10 minutes into dinner they came with our wine. Oh, my colleagues glass came with the obligatory lipstick smudge.

All of the delay and only half a dozen people in the restaurant.

A very underwhelming experience

On the weird side, they had all of the rooms around the outside of the building and in the middle they had created a stream environment, including their very own sord of ducks (look it up, a group of Mallards on the ground is a sord. Ya learn something new everyday)

If you want to stay at an Embassy Suites in Phila, use the one downtown.
Not the most updated and modern Embassy Suites I've stayed in but not terrible either. Room was nice and clean. Staff were accommodating. My biggest gripe and complaint is that they charge a 12$ parking fee including each time you leave the lot. I've stayed in many different embassy's and never had to pay for parking. Let alone each time car is taken out of lot. For that reason and outrageous markup by owner, I give 3 stars. If you can ber it, do it. Otherwise, not a bad hotel.
This review is mixed.

The Good:

*Convenient location
*Ample parking
*Great staff
*Spacious rooms - my living room area had a conference table that could seat 10 and a 50 or 60 inch TV
*Good breakfast menu, cooked to order
*Fast and delicious room service
*Nice pantry selection

Not So Good:
*My room location was very noisy, 1st level across from the bar
*Odd room locations
*Older rooms and decor
*My rooms smelled funny
*Some water damage on the ceiling but not a big deal
*Train tracks nearby

If it were not for the staff, this would be a 2 star rating instead of a 3.
Proof that it is the people that make a property.  These are the nicest, most accommodating folks around the East.  Yes, that is saying a great deal, and I get to experience the spectrum having stayed over a hundred nights this year in someone else's bed :)
Have you ever woken up in the morning and said to yourself "gee golly, I'd love to have a nice cup of joe to get myself ready for a strenuous day!" Well I have, and unfortunately the Embassy Suites could not help me with that! After my nice rainy walk to the nearby Courtside Marriott to get said "cup of joe" I returned to my towel-less room to prepare to shower. I then had my buddy call the lobby for some towels, let's just say the pleasure of speaking to one of the rudest individuals was all his to continue this dreadful experience. Ten minutes later, when the towels were delivered, we decided to order pizza from our nearby tour bus to try to put a, which seemed unrealistic at the time, smile on our faces. The pizza came and we thought it was a great idea to go enjoy it in the beautiful lobby which looked very inviting, boy were we wrong! Another extremely rude individual told us that the 24 empty tables were not for outside food, but our room was. We then walked back through the rain to our bus, that if was equipped with a shower, would have spared us the nightmare of a morning that the "Embassy Sours" was so stoked to provide us. To wrap this review up I would just like to say to future "Embassy Sours" stayers to prepare yourself for disappointment and the joy to be sucked out of your experience! 

Yours Truly,
Twonbeats
I arrived to my room to find feces on the bathroom floor. I am disgusted and will never return here. No offer for a refund and the staff was less than helpful.
I regularly stay at this Embassy Suites (at a minimum, 1x monthly).  The staff values their guests, the rooms are big, the food and receptions are great.  My only complaint would be parking and that is only if there is an event (ie wedding) going on.  Staff greets you upon entry, addresses concerns/complaints promptly and ensures you are happy the whole time you are there - which is why this is the ONLY hotel I stay in while visiting Philadelphia.
This Embassy Suites is huge. Rooms are large, quiet and clean. I was greeted and checked in by Tyler at the front desk. She was outstanding and made me feel really welcome. 

The hotel also has a really good on-site restaurant, which I patronized for dinner. The food was outstanding, however the service was not. While I was seated immediately it took the waitress over 10 minutes to come over, even though the place was not busy. The hostess actually came over to assure me that I hadn't been forgotten. 

When the waitress finally took my order it again took quite some time to arrive. I had a Mediterranean Salad with grilled Salmon - wonderful. Never saw the waitress again, no checking back for water refill, coffee, etc. The hostess cashed me out. The food was worth it,  the service was substandard. 

Overall, I would recommend the hotel, but next time I will say something to management about the restaurant service.
Insufficient number of people working the front desk. Check in took way too long, especially given that I had prechecked online. A hotel of this size needs more than one person working the front desk. 

No trash cans outside or inside the lobby. If you accumulated any trash on your drive here, good luck getting rid of it.

There were no luggage carts up front. Had to wait in line again to ask for a cart. Front desk called someone on the radio to bring up a cart. After waiting for 30 minutes,  I gave up and went and found my own cart. Not what I expect from an Embassy Suites.

Speakers in the atrium were out of place due to remodeling. One speaker was aimed at the rooms and turned up way too loud. I could easily hear it in the front of my suite. Noise wasn't any better in the bedroom. The window would not close. Add in the large group that was having a party in the parking lot and the train and the result is not much sleep. I complained to the front desk and was told they could move me the next day but the group would be gone then and the noise should calm down. No chance of them asking the party to break up outside my window. No offer to discount my stay, even though I could book the same room for a cheaper price than when I booked. When I mentioned leaving ahead of my scheduled check out, I was told there would be a $50 charge for that.

Parking is a confusing mess. They issue a ticket when you park. It appears you must pay every time you exit. No, you must press the call button and state your room number to exit. No need for the ticket but no explanation from the staff at check in on how this works. I wonder how many people they rip off on this one as they charge your room for the parking and ask for payment when you drive out.

Coin laundry was out of service. But the front desk didn't know about it. Instead I was given change and sent to the 5th floor with a bag of laundry, only to find an out of order sign. Did I mention I had to go to the front desk and ask where the laundry was located? Zero mention of coin laundry in the in room book.
This place is nothing short of filthy. Every carpet was badly stained and dirty. From the moment we walked in we felt dirty. Very old and beat up. Never again! I've stayed at two star hotels which were cleaner.
Staff was not any problem at all. Nothing but filthy.
I am a big Hilton fan, very disappointed with this place though. Room are not clean electrical fixtuees look as if they have been shorted and not replaced or repaired...just dangerous. We were here for sports tourney so a lot of traffic in the hotel. They handles breakfast crowd very well. No service or cleaning crew made it at all. General disappointment.
Just returned from a last minute trip.  The place was sold out and I was lucky that a room opened at the last minute.  When I arrived, I called from the airport and was told that the shuttle was running every half hour.  Naturally, I arrived at 5-after the hour, so I hopped a cab.  The cab driver was pissed as he must have wanted a longer fair, but a 100% tip seemed to make him happier.  As I said, the place was mobbed.  I got a first floor room with a conference table instead of the living room set up.  I didn't complain.  The room was nice, the bed was soft.  My only complaint...several channels did not work on the HD (i.e., FOODTV, HGTV and a few others).  Oh, and the TV would automatically shut off every hour.  I ordered room service (chicken wings and caesar salad).  It took 55 minutes.  The food was OK.  Day two, the breakfast was good (not great), but the service was spot on.  Everyone went out of their way to accommodate.  I needed a taxi...seconds later, one arrived.  Needed to print out a boarding pass, no problem.  Also, the crabtree and evelyn toiletries were really nice.  Came back and hit up the bar before the manager's reception.  Waited 10 minutes for the overworked bartender.  However, she was nice and polite.  Met a few interesting characters to talk to at the bar.  Even more fun.  Started eyeing someone eating the short ribs with mashed potatoes and made a mental note.  30 minutes later, I was in the restaurant ordering said short ribs and potatoes.  That meal in itself was exceptional.  My expectations were low, that dinner topped it off.  Had to take a 5am shuttle and arrived at 4:50am.  No problem.  Bottled water on the house.  Shuttle took off promptly at 5:00am.  I was at the gate (thru security) by 5:30.  

In a nutshell, the place was packed.  NO ROOMs in sight.  They handled it with little frustration, no complaints, a nice room, great dinner and good customer service.
Check in was fast (love Jacqueline!), the room however was a little run down. Toilet seat touch up painted but they really did a crappy job, bathtub repaired but again not a great job. The chair in the sitting area was not clean. Found food scrubs on it. breakfast was good but the washed dishes were still dirty. Three plates still had food on it and they just came out of the dish washer. Please double check this. I was A little disgusted by it.
The room key did not work with the gate.
The quality is not what it used to be guys!!!
403
Run down hotel.  Slow elevators, loud atrium, rooms are run down and have lots of wear and tear. Shuttle Service is slow. Will not stay again.
The internet is NOT free - it's $11 PER NIGHT. For crying out loud even McDonald's has free imternet!
Stayed here for night of honeymoon and they give us a room with double beds when we booked way in advance for a king bed. If the policy is doing the best to "honor guest requests" maybe you should have a better way of prioritizing. Room floor also had a nice big stain on it and floor was scuzzy and sticky. Very displeased with this hotel and would not recommend.
I'm toying with one star but the room we had was recently renovated and the bed was comfy but otherwise this is pretty crappy... we were here only one night prior to catching a flight and wanted to take advantage of their parking privilege.  It wasn't until late that we realized our toilet didn't flush solids until the third try... the remote control was caked with some sort of orange food substance and didn't work, there was grime on most of the furniture, and the shower door opens the wrong way so the outside of the door gets wet.  We'll find another option next time, not worth the price.
I really like Embassy Suites. The rooms are big and you have both a living room and a separate bedroom. They also have a bar and a separate restaurant downstairs which is very convenient.

The room was perfect and satisfied our needs. We went downstairs and had dinner in the restaurant, everything was very good.

This one is very convenient to the airport and there is a 24 hour shuttle. 

Check-in was very easy and the employee helping us at the front desk was very efficient. I wish I could remember her name.

Our server Nick in the restaurant was very helpful and took very good care of us anticipating our every need.

Overall this was a very good stay.
I stay at this particular Embassy Suites 2-4 times a year.  The service is always great.  Unfortunately, my last stay on Jan 27th was a little different.  The front desk staff was very helpful getting me into my room quickly.  I took advantage of the Hilton app to get the electronic key, which is great option they offer.  

When I got to the room, I wanted to get some ice but there was no ice machine on the floor (3rd Flr).  Apparently, it had been removed.  Even the cleaning staff was unaware because when I asked about it, they initially pointed me to where the sign said it should be, even though it had been removed.  The cleaning staff really came through for me though.  The gentleman went down and got an entire bag of ice for me.  Thank you!

The room was mediocre.  Not what I had come to expect from an Embassy Suites and definitely not what I expected from this particular one.  The carpet was stained in several places with.... I have no idea.  The sofa, while not obviously dirty, appeared to be very well worn.  Finally the curtain was coming loose from its moorings.

Unfortunately, this typically quiet hotel was anything but on my last couple of visits.  The place was full of kids.  Not just a few, there were at least 30+, running around unsupervised.  I typically don't mind it much.  I have kids of my own. But it seems that someone would have gotten them under control by 1am.

I'll definitely use this place again but I'm starting to look at other places as well as this location seems to be deteriorating in everything but staff service, which remains outstanding.
We chose this hotel because we love the one in DC.  First, the room was not clean, there was urine all around the base of the toilet, spiders and webs in all 4 corners of the master bedroom and stuff under the couch.  (The sofa bed was so saggy!)
The happy hour food was so old, it shouldn't have been served to us.  Brown veggies, and the selection of food was poor.
But, the main issue we had was their shuttle service to the airport.  We arrived back in Philly and waited for the shuttle.  After 5 minutes of waiting, we called and they said they would page him and he would be there in 20-25 minutes.  After 25 minutes, he showed up with a full van.  We waited another 30 minutes for him to come by again and pick us up.  So, a total of an hour's wait for a 1 mile ride - we should have walked.
We called and tried to speak with the manager, but she never called us back.
Our advice, choose a different Phil. hotel with park and fly service, we saw tons of vans and busses go by multiple times while we waited for ours...
This hotel was very underwhelming. If you need to get some work done while you're there and need to use the Wi-Fi, stay somewhere else. When I called about the snail pace wifi, I was told to move to the living room if he suite where it's faster - I was already there. Then I was told I could go to the bar area of the lobby and it should be faster. Needless to say, it took me over 2 hours to do something that should have taken me 30 minutes. 

The parking is terrible. They should only open it to people actually staying in the hotel. There was a wedding or something the night we were there and we had to sit in our car for about 30 minutes to wait for someone to come out to get a spot.

We also weren't given much direction when we checked in about the parking situation or anything really
Stayed here a night for business. I had to work until 2am so when I arrived at the hotel around 2:30am, the front desk lady almost closed the system. Luckily I was able to check in and hit the bed right after. 
Next morning, I took an airport shuttle back to the airport. I didn't spend lots of time at the hotel but I didn't have any complaints.
Horrible stay. Just needed an overnight for an early flight out. Check in was fast and we went up to our room. Went to put our drinks in the fridge in the room and someone left their take out food in it. Under the sink was an empty case of beer cans. Walked down to the front desk to get it taken care of. Front desk said they would call house keeping. They offered us a meal voucher but it was 2100 and we already ate plus we had to go to sleep for our early flight. House keeping did come up after 15 minutes.
Staying in the hotel for a business trip. First day, ate in the restaurant. Food was okay, service was VERY slow despite the place being close to empty. 

Second day, second time I am eating in their restaurant. I ordered the "Sesame Encrusted Tuna" and the "New England Clam Chowder" as a side. 

The food tasted good, but wasn't what I expected for the price. The clam chowder was extremely thin, and I have attached photos of the menu (describing my order), my actual order, and the poor, unloved water glass which, after being emptied at 8:10, remained empty until 8:30 (when my waiter finally reappeared with my bill, at which time I was able to ask for more water.

To summarize, food was okay, but pricey for what you get. The service was... slooooow.
Best thing about this hotel is the location. 
One of the elevators was broken and it made for a difficult time for all. 
Worse, on the 23rd floor, the down Button does not work and until you realize it, you will sit a wait and wait and wait. 

The rooms are stale, they have horrible lighting, the big numbers on the doors make it seem like a dorm, the carpeting is from the 80's.....the place needs an overhaul. The Heat/AC unit was the worse part. It sounded like an Airplane Engine. So loud. Just ridiculously loud. Had to turn it off which made for an uncomfortable night. 
Final note, the bathroom only had one roll of TP. ONE ROLL OF TP. NOT GOOD!
I have stayed at this Embassy Suites on several occasions prior to catching an early flight at PHL. 

The rooms are nice, fairly large, well appointed and open onto an open-air atrium in the center of the hotel. 

There is a free shuttle that will take you to the airport. 

If you let the front desk know your flight number they will coordinate wake-up calls, the shuttle and even have a brown bag breakfast and the newspaper ready for you in the morning. It's a nice little touch. 

There are obviously cheaper hotels around the airport, but the Embassy Suites is a very good value if you want better accommodations.
I stayed here one night as a result of getting stranded due to flight difficulties.   In short, I would advise staying someplace else.  Full disclousure...I stay approximately 90 nts/year in Hilton Hotels and have high expectations.

The hotel is clearly in need of modernization as the furnishings appeared clean, but from the early 80's at best.  I dined in the open air restaurant and had the chicken caprese, which although not bad, clearly wasn't worth the $27 entree charge.  $39.06 b/f tip with a small glass of Woodbridge Pinot Noir.  If you're going to charge fine dining prices, provide the experience including a placement and perhaps a dinner roll at minimum.

Oh well...only one night and lesson learned.  Disappointing.
Nice room, but the entire lobby smelled like fish! When we entered the hotel there were two water pitchers which were both empty. The TV did not work properly at first. The staff was friendly and the rest of the accommodations were ok. The raw fish smell appeared to come from a large pond in the center of the hotel. Our room had a view of this "fish" pond where swans swam gracefully day In and day out. Hopefully the hotel works on the fish odor promptly because this hotel stinks!
This has to be the worst hotel I have ever stayed at when we checked in everything was great the people seemed friendly and we were happy. We were in town visiting a sick relative at a hospital in Philadelphia and I wanted to stay outside of the city so when we left it would be easy and no traffic. When we got back to the hotel both evenings there were kids everywhere, noise and water all over the hotel from the pool. We were told that the hotel allows several people to get rooms and they invite as many friends as they can and have big parties throughout the hotel on the weekends. There was literally a line of people trying to get in the pool food all over the floor paper plates all over the place and and everyone was yelling like it was spring break in Mexico. When we got back to the room that evening we found out that it is not been cleaned yet so we called housekeeping and they sent a wonderful lady up she was the only reason why this hotel should be in business. I have to stay a lot of hotel for work and always choose Hilton, I chose this hotel because I have to fly out of Philadelphia in a few weeks and I figure I would check it out. Needless to say I did not book this hotel and I am staying at the Marriott right next to the airport. Everyone who booked a room there that weekend should have their money given back to them and an apology from the GM! This seems to be an ongoing problem with all the reviews I've read so I doubt anything will get better or change!
Hotel is old, dingy, and worn.  Staff tries hard to make stay nice, but can't overcome the condition of this property.  One of the worst embassy's I have stayed in.
I don't know why this place has so many negative reviews. I see people mention cleanliness as a concern, but I thought the hotel was very clean, my room was clean, the bathroom was, and the toiletries provided were good. Staff at this hotel were decent, but the staff at the courtyard were better and more friendly. The food they lay out is decent and there's a Wawa within walking distance. The hotel is also very cool, with a very nice theme almost like a jungle in the main area. Pool was nice too. Again, if you only listen to bad reviews, you won't stay anywhere. Bite the bullet and stay here.
I just stayed here. I will divide this review into pros and cons.

Pros: Clean, well equipped suite. Fast check in and check out. Great breakfast in the morning. Comfortable beds. Nice building.

Cons: Horribly loud guests, weird rules you have to abide by, a pool experience so horrible I'm surprised videos haven't been posted on YouTube. Way too many kids running around, especially at the pool and hot tub.

But, if the management makes a few strategic changes, reviews could get better. This place could be amazing, but they seem to attract rowdy clientele. If that ever changes, I'd come visit again.
Family of 7 got into Philadelphia at 2 am. We reserved our room yesterday. Got to the hotel and unloaded our bags just for them to tell us they over booked. Ridiculous!! Get your ish together Embassy Suites!!
Filthy. Scuzzy was the word my wife used. That was after I asked "if it smells like feet in here". The staff will actually be texting and using their cell phones while in the middle of the lobby. Good luck approaching them with questions. You may get lectured that they're busy....

Hilton should change management at this hotel. I can't believe the conditions at this Hilton property. Not up to their normal standards (or maybe this is what we should expect from them these days???)
disgusting ghetto horror do not stay here!! dirty, noisey, trashy hotel. this is what "down and out" looks like. depressing and shocking.
Nice atmosphere. Free airport parking. Fair restaurant. Nice complimentary happy hour. Clean rooms. Our room had a bed with a broken mattress. Had a huge hole in the middle like some kids used it for a trampoline or some 500 pounder slept there for a month. Impossible to sleep on it and because of late arrival and early departure we stuck it out. 
All in all it was a nice property and would recommend it. Just feel the bed was a fluke.
Noises, noises, noises roof fans.  Complained the first night. They said they would look not it In the morning,  Sure.  They must have forgotten to inform of the results, or maybe it was just lip service.  Was dead tired late arrival 12:30 am. Took two hours to fall asleep, vibrating ceiling noise all night long!  Next night, same noise, louder and varying speeds.  Sometimes it seems to get stuck and screeches.  Now, is this not way too much conversation about a noisy fan keeping you awake for a $200 a night room? First very bad Hilton property I have ever complained about, should have caught on to the 2.5 rating, that might be about .5 to high a rating given the expectations I have for Hilton properties and the cost.  If another Hilton property is not available, go Marriott or Quality Inn.  For an Embassy suite the eating area is about 1/2 the size - btw.  Too small.  To think I opted for this hotel in order to up my Hilton point instead of Marriott downtown will significantly influence where I will stay 3 nights per week thru November!
The shuttle service from the airport was quick and convenient.  The driver was polite and professional, he offered water and snacks during the drive from the airport. 

The check in was quick as well.  The lobby was beautiful and similar to other embassys I have stayed at. 

My room is the cause of the low review...see the pictures. The room was worn, dated, and just plain dirty. The grime on the desk was from the airvent that was above it. I mentioned the condition upon checking out and received apologies as well as additional loyalty points. Which was a nice gesture but I would have preferred a clean room. I read prior reviews of a similar nature so this isnt the first rodeo.
Drove up here, so my wife could go to a seminar. Even though we didn't have a room the staff were very attentive to my needs. They even worked it out so we could eat breakfast, and while my wife was in her seminar they provided we with multitude of options to keep me busy. they even provided a cab for me to and from my destinations. If I ever go back this is where I would stay. Thanks Staff!!!!
I stayed here last night, got in late and left early this morning. Check in was quick and easy even without a reservation. The room was clean and large. You get an entire seperate living room. Bathroom was very nice and looked newly remodeled with a shower that had glass seperation instead of shower curtains which just makes the bathroom feel larger and cleaner. The flooring they use in the showers is also a nice touch because it has this texture that keeps you from slipping but is also attractive looking.

Dislikes: 
- slow elevator
- walls are thin- At 1am, I could hear the person in the room next door coughing and running the water- it sounded like it was in our hotel room.
- they charge $7/ day for parking- I know that this is near the airport and the airport charges for parking but I don't think they should be charging hotel guests every time they pull in and out of a regular old hotel parking lot- it isn't in center city and it is just a small lot with no garage and we are already paying $20/ night.
Things didn't start out to well and went down hill from there. It took an hour to get picked up at the airport, checking went well got to our room and they didn't do a very good job of cleaning the room. Trash left in the sink not sure what. Definitely can't recommend this one and most of the time I try to give a place the benefit of the doubt.
Stayed two nights and had a great experience! Staff was very welcoming, particularly Patrice who was pleasant to speak with and had amazing customer service! Suite was clean and I enjoyed the complimentary breakfast and happy hour. Only complain is I think the 20$ a day parking is a bit much. Will definitely stay here again though if I visit Philly :)
We flew in from Las Vegas to here very late one night for a business trip. Prior to arriving here from the airport, we specifically requested a non-smoking room, but when we went into our room, we were greeted by a VERY strong smell of smoke. We decided that we were too tired to change rooms as it was after midnight.
The next day, we complained that our room smelled of smoke, and the front desk gave us a small apology. Also in the lobby, there were fruit flies everywhere. Gross!
Next time we come back to Philly, we're staying in a different hotel.
First some positives this hotel is very close to both the freeway citizens park and the airport. Parking is plentiful and does cost 8.00 a night. Rooms were a decent size but in need of a update, old is the best word to describe the room. Now the not so great. The pillows used in this hotel have to be some of the worst we have ever slept on. Super thin and soft to the point its like not sleeping on a pillow. Putting 3 together is like sleeping on 1. Unfortunately the staff had an issue with the amount of pillows needed for us to sleep comfortably and would not supply additional ones until we reached out via Expedia to management. Breakfast was fine nothing cooked on the spot I'm assuming due to covid runny eggs and half cooked bacon overall not worth your time.
Pros:
very close to the airport
Airport shuttles that leave every half hour
Pool, hot tub 
In house restaurant that was pretty good-sandwiches and fries and more
Happy hour 5:30 to 7:30 with unlimited free drinks and snacks
Recently renovated lobby, restaurant and bar
Hot free breakfast and made to order omelets 
Friendly staff

Cons:
They were overbooked, arrived at 8pm and even though my company reserved me a room a month ago they didn't have one ready for me. I ended up with the handicapped room right by the front desk for 3 nights. Which = concurrently located by front doors but noisy being basically in the lobby
Rooms need updated
Mold in the corners of bathroom tiles
Dirty walls that need fresh paint in room
My room smelled like an ash tray 
All baked goods at breakfast were obviously frozen at one time, bagels were almost inedible
Store inside of lobby for drinks/snacks is basically unaffordable. (Small microwave digiorno pizza is $9, monster energy drink $7). 
Conference rooms for our meetings hadn't been vacuumed from previous meetings before 
Not conveniently located by anything but the airport. Nothing in walking distance except a gas station that's still not really close. 

Prior reviews talked about bed bugs and showed photos. This had me scared as I did not pick this hotel, my company did. I pulled back my covers every night after sleeping: no bites on me, no trails from them,  I unzipped the protective mattress cover to look inside- no bugs, no trails/feces big matter nothing. So it didn't seem to be a problem in my room but you bet I came home and washed everything in Hot water!
Our Stay was mostly very good. 
The staff was friendly and helpful.
The room had plenty of work areas and was nicely laid out. 
The Wifi was speedy.
 The bed was comfortable.
Parking was close.
The furniture seemed clean enough to sit on.
I liked the kitchen island with a microwave and a refrigerator and more.

Complimentary Breakfast!

Complimentary Cocktails, Wine and Snacks 5:30 - 7:30!

A good place to stay for when the city shuts down because of snow because at least you can get meals here.

This place was half the price of one of the other big name place. (usually they are about the same) (don't know if the price was changed because of the snow at the other place)

The only downsides were not that major.

Thin walls, it sounded like the people next door were in our room. But they checked out soon after we arrived.

You get either splashed with cold or hot water when you enter the shower unless you know to set the handle at around 11:00.
