First remember there are two Extended Stays in this area so make sure you look at the address.
I'm writing this review on my 2nd day of this 3 day stay. I booked the room online which is sometimes scary but when I arrived the front desk girl was exceptionally friendly, she found my reservation and reminded me that I had a discount which would be removed from my bill when I checked out. She put us in room 115 which is right off the lobby. The room was more than I expected, it was clean, well maintained and very welcoming. I had just finished traveling over 2400 miles by car to get here so along the way I had stayed in some very unwelcoming rooms. I would recommend this place to anyone that wants to stay close to the airport and its only 6 miles from the historic downtown area. It was quiet, comfortable and clean.
This place is a nightmare! I paid over 4,000 to stay here for 66 days. I had to clean everything in the room when I arrived.  The rooms should be clean for you already! The furniture in the room was broken.  They advertise satellite TV but it isn't. The whole hotel smells like curry and mold. The fitness center contains a broken treadmill, bike, and an elliptical machine from the 80's. I would feel bad taking a prostitute there. Getting a refund and getting the heck outta here.
We had reservations for this hotel ahead of time for a non smoking room. We were told our only option was the largest room in the place which was located in the smoking floor. It was over sized but had some cleanliness issues and some maintenance issues. The maintenance man was very accommodating assisting with all issues promptly and friendly. The staff was great all around. Some front desk employees that I don't remember their names. And a housekeeper named Doris who was very kind and efficient! The building itself was run down but the staff made this place a 3 star choice.
I personally would never stay here again. We came up for the Eagles game and this hotel was cheaper than the courtyard Marriott that we stayed at last time. Bartram Ave. is a good location to stay, but this hotel is a bit sketchy. People live here, they're loud, and it's just odd. The room is large and the wifi is included, now on the other side... Bring your own towels, they're the same texture of sandpaper. The bed has a sheet and a soft light blanket so if you get cold bring your own blanket too. Look at other hotels on this street. The hotel staff was nice, the gym has three machines, and the whole place has a smell of cigarette smoke.
Mariah was awesome, her personality was very welcoming, she went above and beyond her job description. Now my room was changed 3 times! .....Room #1 had roaches! Room #2 was practically inaccessible, Room #3 smelled like fish the whole night! The refrigerator too, and the toilet ran and leaked all night! They had some kind of fumigation going on as well. I was so exhausted after driving for 24 hrs straight, I just didn't have the energy to go somewhere else! Mariah the front desk clerk again was freakin awesome!
This is the third time I've stayed here for work and every single time I have made the reservation on their website and every single time I pay online. Then when I go to check in they have no payment on file and I have to pay with my personal card rather than the company card! Very inconvenient. Beds are terrible and expect there to be at least 3 things broken in your room (lamp, microwave, fridge, etc.)
Do not go here! Staff was nice, BUT the place was dirty. Shower was clogged. When using the shower it made extremely loud noises. Either dirty shower head or issues with water pressure. Room smelled of smoke and cheap perfume. Carpets were dirty. Cleanliness of bedding was questionable. Big gap in the door frame. You could actually see the carpet in the hallway. Elevators and corridors were dirty. Found two WASP in my room my second day. Both crawling on the floor, which was hard to see. They DO NOT change out linens or clean your room daily. You have to take your linens to the front desk. Internet was no good.
The dresser, the lamp, the A.c. cover and the cabinets were all broken. There was stuff left in my room from the previous people, which makes me think they didn't check it right. The room made me feel very itchy but I don't think it was a bug issue. The couch bed didnt have a sheet, which was strange because most places do. The bed and couch were kinda hard. There wasn't even a pot or pans in the room, pretty sure you had to request that. This was just an awful stay. The person at the front desk was nasty and rude. Last thing they didn't have squeeze soap only bar soap
Worst hotel room I've ever stayed in!! We traveled all the way from upstate NY and paid $150 for one night!! It smelled like somones musty basement! The cabinet doors were hanging from the hinges in the kitchen. The inside of the dishwasher AND stove were dirty. There was a baby cockroach crawling on the bathroom wall. There's black mold growing in the bathroom. My girlfriend didn't even want to lay on the bed (the mattress was hard as a rock) She even slept in her jeans and jacket she wore to the concert we went to. Our complimentary breakfast were some granola bars and shitty coffee. Best believe we complained and threatened to call corporate. We were then issued a full refund! I will NEVER go back to this place
