We didn't have a lot of choices when it came to staying here. It was late at night, our flight got canceled. We were trying to find a place close to the airport because we had been advised to get there before 4 am to secure our place on the plane.

We disappointed with our stay at Extended Stay America. Please look at my pictures. The quarters were clean but the carpet was stained. The rooms were "No Smoking" but I could smell a hint of smoke all night long while in bed. The bed was OK, but for some reason I wasn't able to sleep, but I did get several hours if verticle rest. When I first got in the room and heard the old refrigerator, I was afraid it's sound would keep me awake.

The cost with all of the taxes was $151!!! The intent is for people that are going to stay longer. There is a small kitchen, and I was surprised to see that there wasn't any dishes, etc. in the cupboard.

The place looks like it was made very cheaply, and barely kept together. The insulation didn't seem to be very good--I could hear someone's feet pounding on the floor as they ran down the hallway.

Positives: clean, hot shower, not far from airport.

Negatives: stained carpet, smokey smell in bed, dated kitchen, thin walls, over priced.
I went to Philadelphia to the American Association of Law Librarians conference.  My goal was to sell The Trial of Bernhard Goetz...or at least plant the seed that this movie is now available on DVD and my friend is the only distributor.

Several changes in flight made for having to adjust my arrival into Philadelphia.  In making contact with the hotel to advise them of my adjustments to check-in, I was advised there was no worry.  Originally, I was to arrive 11 PM on Thursday night...then my flight was adjusted and my arrival moved to 1:30 AM.  After embarking on my first leg, my connecting flight was grounded for a mechanical problem and I was put on another flight, which would have me arrive in Philadelphia 6 AM.  Each time, I called the hotel to let them know about my new arrival time and was told everything was OK.

I arrived at the hotel just before 7 AM and checked in at the desk.  The clerk handed me my key and directed me to my room.  When I got to the door and opened it, I was greeted by a clean room with air conditioning running.  As it was 89 degrees at 7 AM, I was quite gratified to have the air already on.  Following the directions from the desk clerk, I went and grabbed some groceries for my stay.  The kitchen area, while compact, was efficient.  The refrigerator and freezer (full-sized) were on and cold, and the ice trays were full.  I stowed my purchases and settled in for a few hours' nap before heading over to the conference.  

Shortly after laying down, the first negative of my stay made itself apparent...I could hear the doors in the rooms next to and across the hall opening and closing.  I could not hear voices of people in the hall, but the doors were LOUD!  Soon after, the second negative of my stay came to my awareness...I could hear water in the pipes when toilets were flushed or showers started.  Probably the worst part of hearing the water flowing came from when the toilet tanks were refilling.  The sound got louder and I could hear a snap when the refilling was completed.  

The bed was comfortable, though the sheets were a bit too crisp.  I figured they got over-dried when they were last washed...or someone forgot to add fabric softener.  If it weren't for the sound of water in the pipes as well as doors opening and closing, I would have been able to catch a decent nap.  

As this is an extended stay, one of the considerations is that full maid service only occurs once a week...tho there is a refresh service, which includes replacing soiled towels, emptying trash, replenishing soap and toilet paper if needed, and making bed with existing linens.  Refresh Service may be scheduled as needed and purchased for $5/service.  Daily Refresh includes the same housekeeping services as our Refresh Service but is provided daily. This service can be added at check-in for an additional $3/day.  Dishes are not washed during any housekeeping service.

Pros:  Flexible adjustments in check-in times, clean room and sufficient kitchen area.

Cons: Noisy water pipes and doors.

I have made the desk aware of the noise considerations.  I will certainly explore more of the Extended Stay America chain.
I had to stay here because all of the rooms were booked closer to the downtown area. I really had low expectations of this place, but it exceed my expectations. The room had a full size refrigerator, a stove with two eyes, a microwave, and sink. The bed was comfortable, and the bathroom was a decent size. The person at check-in and checkout was professional and nice. The only drawback was the fact that it was so far away from downtown Philly. It is near the airport. When I travel again, I will now consider Extended stay America.
If I could give zero or negative stars I would. Worst lodging experience in my life.

After a 4 hour drive, arriving at 12:30 am, needing to be up at 5:00 am to catch a flight I arrive to a completely rude young man. He gives me my keys, I go to my room, is dirty. Literally dirty towels on the floor, bed that was obviously just slept in, and filthy.

I go downstairs and being a pretty mellow guy said. "Excuse me, can i have a CLEAN ROOM". Homie acted like I was asking for the world the proceeds to send me to multiple rooms to check to see if they're clean. Clocks ticking on my sleep so I do. Finally find a clean room, but it smells. Really bad. But again I need some sleep f- it just let me get to bed.

Of course the air conditioner doesn't work, and there's a loud noise from bathroom plumbing once every 5 minutes or so...

In short do not go here, unless your intention is to burn it down.

Oh, and I forgot 5:00 am check out, noones there. I had to leave a note, with my key card and hope to god all goes well from here.

Seriously this place is the worst experience I've ever had in my entire life.
THE (and I mean THE) MOST DISGUSTING HOTEL I've EVER STAYED IN.  This hotel and location should be condemed!  It was literally one step away from a crack house and "hourly" use hotel.
A CSI team would have a field day with some Luminol and a black light!!! 

First, entire hotel was cigarette smoke filled.  I don't think they've heard of a non-smoking room.  Windows had to be propped open with plastic coat hangers to get air.

Second, carpet in room and hallways had HUGE stains of god only know what.

The piece de resistance was the BEDSPREAD WITH OVER 20 CIGARETTE burns/holes in the comforter. The bed was actually made up with the comfortable.  Funny that a bedspread riddled with burn holes was placed on the bed as if it was ok.  

It was extremely unfortunate that we coundn't move hotels. Thank god we only had to sleep there for 6 hrs before catching our flight.
Upon check out, the hotel staff did not apologize for the SUB PAR quality and standard of the hotel but offered a discount on the room or I could call back and talk to the manager later.

This company should be ashamed and the CEO should spend a night there..for the fun of it.
I would give it negative stars if I could.  This hotel is not run professionally.  We were stuck in Philly overnight due to bad weather and we found this hotel on the phone.  When we arrived the front desk sent us to a room with no sheets, we returned to the front desk and got a different room.  The second room had sheets but it had a very bad smell (mold?) and the room is very noisy due to its proximity to the local freeway.   I also couldn't find the wifi (ESAPHL) on my phone or laptop so no chance of getting any work done, either.  

Just don't come here.
Apparently this hotel was "remodeled" not too long ago. HA! That's a complete lie! Unfortunately because of the long weekend, all other surrounding hotels were booked. Being that I needed to be close to downtown Philadelphia for a whole week for meetings and conferences, this was apparently the only availability for this time frame. 
The hotel in itself is filthy. I saw women knocking on room doors saying "housekeeping" but there was no sign of any cleaning service being done. Towels were never ready so even after long days attending meetings I was unable to arrive and shower, I was always told "I just got here and haven't folded the towels, give me an hour". Yet all the women at the front desk were always having personal conversations with hotel guests or the security guards. The hallways have very unwelcoming smells from everyone who's cooking in their rooms. The laundry machines and dryers always had out of service signs. The vending machine wasn't working and when we asked the front desk their reply was "you can walk over to embassy suites if you want a soda". No one was attentive, clearly don't care about customers or their jobs. They all should really take some trainings in customer service!
And don't bother voicing any complaints, opinions, or suggestions. They all stare and give no reply. They truly just don't care. Never once in the week I stayed there did I ever feel there was a manager or supervisor on site. What a disaster!
OVERBOOKED EXPERIENCE
after flying all day , I get to this hotel. Have to wait 45 minutes for the "auditoring" computer program to find out they overbooked and even though I had a reservation confirmation at 2am in the morning I had to look for another hotel.
It's like the creepy motel you see in the movies!!  No ashtray in smoking room, no dishes to use in suite, ceiling was completely exposed in lobby, elevator felt like it was going to break down, hallway was so gross and smelly absolutely filthy, terrible breakfast options, no ice, fridge doesn't get cold on coldest setting, no soap to clean dishes (not that they provide dishes anyway), front desk doesn't greet you, no welcome notebook in room with closest shops/food, broken lock for the door in bedroom, overpriced/not worth the money, nicer hotels are only 20-30 bucks more a night and will definitely be worth the difference!  Especially after they sneak in a parking fee which was not found on my confirmation or their site!  Such a ripoff!  Any good reviews are suspect! Only thing I can think of is how spacious the rooms were to qualify for the one star! I could go on and on with why not to stay here!  YIKES
Let me first start this out by saying that I'm not someone who normally takes time out of their day to go onto Yelp and write reviews. I've had plenty of poor experiences at Restaurants and Hotels where I walked away from the situation only to never take action. That all being said I've decided to spend some time today to write a review and give this so called "Hotel" a rating on Yelp (1 star only because it won't let me give 0). I'm going to list hard facts below and let those of you who read my review decide for yourself before reading my overall opinion of this hotel company at the bottom.

1. I prepaid for my room of 2 nights in advance of my trip
2. The hotel employee still let me know that it was fully booked when I arrived to check in.
3. The closest hotel that had available rooms was 30 minutes away and was another Extended Stay of which I was told my reservation would be transferred and I would not be charged for my first nights stay.
4. The hotel 30 minutes away had no idea of my reservation and such transferring.
5. I returned to the original hotel for the second night to check into my room.
6. The room was filthy had not been properly cleaned.
7. Even though I prepaid for my rooms in advance via a company card my personal card was still charged $118.50.

Now with the above facts listed obviously with the story line left out of how things unfolded I present you my opinion of this so call "Hotel Company" How a series of locations can operate with so little insight in to when and if their location is going to be fully booked any given night is beyond me. Why they would still choose and allow you to pre-pay for the rooms is also beyond me. How they are unable to have such horrible customer service and not be able to fix the issue promptly when you're having to drive to another location 30 minutes away is beyond me. How they still manage to charge your personal card that was put on file for incidentals even though you pre-paid is beyond me...

How I choose to stay at this joke of a hotel is NOT beyond me.. I'm an absolute fool for actually booking this as the place to stay on my business trip last week. I'm also a fool for leading my fellow colleagues to also book here.. How this hotel chain operates on a daily basis? I ask that you don't decide to find out or you will also be a fool as well.. I hope the employees who work in their corporate offices can sleep soundly at night.
Terrible. Never stay here if you can help it. The person that checked us in openly admitted that they get robbed regularly which is why there weren't necessities in the room that were "included." They could supply us with an extra pillow or blanket even though we needed one, nor did they have a cot. Also, it had a "full" kitchen which wasn't entirely true - they made us go and get the kitchen supplies which was lacking an appropriate number of utensils for 4 people to even eat with. There wasn't a sponge or soap to wash the dishes with either. Overall, I would never stay here again, the hospitality was seriously lacking.
I'm so disappointed in this place! I booked it for 2 nights and paid a pretty penny. If it weren't for dangerous road conditions and freezing conditions I'd either try to trek home or sleep in my car! 

Filthy! If I didn't attach pics I'm not sure anyone would believe me. 

THEY HAVE A COCKROACH PROBLEM! 
I've killed 4 adults and a few babies.

Ignorant staff, you inform them of issues and nobody seeks to care. 

We walked in to find beds that were broken,  laid on (and who knows what) and poorly made. 

let's not forget the plumbing issues! Someone flushed a toilet and mine would loudly go off!

I'll never recommend these hotels to anyone!
We booked a room at this Extended Stay to stop and sleep so that we could split up our drive to Boston. The hotel is pet friendly (which is why we chose it); however, I wish we would have read more of the reviews before staying here. 

They do have late check-in and a 24 hour front desk attendant. This was convenient since we arrived in Philly around 1AM. 

We checked in and grabbed some of our bags to take into the hotel. There is gated parking which is nice if you prefer an extra means of security. With that being said, parking is tight. We wound up having to park near the back of the building and then had to walk a good bit to return to the lobby. 

The hallways to the room smelled kind of weird. Not really sure like what. Just, weird. 

Our room didn't smell - thank goodness. However, the room was really dated and wasn't the cleanest. The carpet was stained in numerous places and so were the sheets/blankets. That wasn't even the worst part, though. 

ALL night there was noise in the hallway. Doors slamming, people talking/yelling, etc. On top of that, the toilet runs really loud about every 30-45 minutes; and, if anyone else is using water, you can hear it loud and clear. As our dog tends to be pretty protective (especially in a strange place), she was whining and uneasy all night. That means I was up all night, too! Not ideal since we have another six hour drive ahead of us. 

Also, the hotel is near the Philadelphia airport; so, don't be surprised if you hear a few planes flying over. That's a given :). 

Luckily, we didn't have any experiences with bed bugs as previous reviewers noted. Well...that we know of. 

I really wouldn't recommend staying here if you don't have to. Regardless of the quality, it's not a cheap stay (even for just an overnight). It's not the worst place I've stayed; but, I would've picked somewhere else for sure had we not been on a time crunch!
beware!! warning!!

stood here 2 nights with my family. this is nastiest place we have ever stood. i addressed the issues with the manager and was only credited 1 night out of 2 .
f.y.i ...we never received it. i should have gotten a full refund!! and had them pay for my sons medical bill after he caught a really bad rash from the carpet. 
look for yourselves... this is what we were unknowingly sleeping on for 2 days..
the only way i found this out is when we collected all the used towels and linen and placed them near the door before check out like we always do when we stay at any hotel. we like to clean up after ourselves. so pls.. check your room really well.
my friends & I stayed here for 3 nights as a small get away. the rooms were okay, but smelled horrible & needed to be cleaned. when I woke up the next morning, not only was I terribly itchy, but I had HUGE bites on my legs, foot, neck, & face. immediately I went down to the front desk & complained letting them know the issue. the front desk receptionist was very nice & reassured me that I would be compensated & immediately switched our room. the next room (on a different end of the hotel AND two floors up) still had the same stench, but we were just happy to be in a new room. when we woke up the next morning, MORE BITES. we complained again & again the receptionist reassured us that we would be compensated & let us know that the manager would be in tomorrow when we checked out. after our 3rd night staying, we checked out expecting things to run smoothly, expecting the manager to be here. I went to the front desk & asked to speak to the manager & the lady at the front desk replied to me "well I'm top of the line, how can I help you?" (the whole time I was speaking with the housekeeping manager.....) I explained to her the situation & she cut me off saying how she knew exactly what my situation was but tried to justify why they had bed bugs.. explaining that they are a "resident hotel" & people bring them in all the time & all they can do is exterminate the room & change our room. we stayed in the lobby for an hour going back & forth with them trying to be compensated. they told us there was nothing they could do for us as far as refunds. they would not provide the general manager's contact information, so we had to go through corporate & finally were compensated. The housekeeping manager's name was Kay & she was EXTREMELY rude & unprofessional. Monique was the name of the receptionist. she was more helpful, but not the way we needed. they KNOW they have an infestation problem & all they did was try to justify it. horrible horrible horrible customer service & now my body is covered in horrible itchy bites.
Complete dump. Smelly room, broken air conditioner and furniture, soiled nasty furnishings, threadbare bedspread with cigarette burn holes. Tried desperately to line up another hotel, then ended trip early.  The staff is actually quite nice, it's not their fault.
My boyfriend was there for business from June 2016 - May 2017.  This was absolutely poor conditions for the long-term stay.  Rooms barely cleaned weekly (per the hotel and pay if you wanted it clean more than that).  Weekly cleaning consisted of changing sheets...new towels for bath and maybe for kitchen. Never counters wiped down in bathroom or kitchen. Barely vacuumed weekly.  The tiolet leaked frequently.  It was reported and never fixed. They ran out of tiolet paper during one of my weekend visits and received a box of kleenex from front desk.  They said, should get more by Tuesday!! Kitchen sink leaked frequently and barely fixed.  Sounded like it was regurgitating water/sewage.  The AC unit was covered in black lent/mold.  Reported several times and never cleaned.  We cleaned it ourselves.  To pay almost  $500/week for substandard service and accommodations is beyond unacceptable.  After staying for more than 30 days...barely received corporate discount.  Rate went down during the stay and went back up in addition to paying for parking.  The linens had all types of hair - human and animal on the blankets.  Had to change sheets and found a soiled, bloody mattress cover...reported to front desk staff and it was immediately addressed.   Shower curtain full of long hair.  Then on top of it...clothing missing during the stay,  tops and jeans noticed missing during stay and after moving out.  Definitely know staff went into room unauthorized when not there, previously requested an entry report of times room was keyed after being suspcious and front desk said they would have to get from corp.  Never received...Glad he moved out and no longer paying for subpar accommodations.
This hotel is the most disgusting place I have ever slept! There was hair all over the bathroom and IN the towels. The kitchen was disgusting and there were crumbs all over the place. There were cock roaches on the wall. The bed and bedding were dirty. All of the furniture was broke. Yes, this room was $80 a night - but that was about $79 too much!!!!
I made a reservation through Booking.com for property for July 6-8. The first thing wrong was not go to Yelp to see the reviews before I booked the hotel. I didn't look at the reviews until the day after. HUGE MISTAKE!!!!!!

The pictures from this place made me want to vomit. Who allows their property to willingly look this way. I rushed back over to booking.com to request a cancellation. I didn't see at the time of booking that the hotel has a no cancellation policy. What? Why do you need to charge me for a room that I'm not going to stay in two months down the road and you know you are going to re-book the room to some other unknowing person? Doesn't make sense.

I sent them an email asking if they would waive the fees if I requested a cancellation. The next day I woke up to a debit from my bank account for this hotel in the amount of $222.33. This does not include the non sufficient funds fee of $34. Are you guys serious? Why would you charge me and I asked a question? I received no response yet but you charge me anyway. Where in America is this type of scam acceptable behavior. I contacted reservations. She blamed the fee in Booking.com. I called Booking.com she called the hotel and they declined to waive the fee stating they have a strict policy. She advised me to call the Front Desk and ask for a manager. The rude female hurried up and told me there are no managers on duty and to call back tomorrow between 8-4 and ask for Maurice. I spoke to 3 people for absolutely nothing. Everyone passed the buck and no one took ownership. As a supervisor of Customer Service at my job I cannot pass the buck. I have to take ownership.

I will continue to call until I have a resolution including corporate. I have advised anyone I know do not book at this hotel. It is disgusting and unclean and their staff are just as bad. They do not care about the consumer and are passing the buck. It makes no sense that I called the hotel twice and no one would take ownership of the situation. I am so upset about this transaction I am trying not to have an asthma attack offer this situation. My plans for my money have been totally ruined. I will never patronize this chain of hotels again.


****Update****

Extended Stay refunded me my money after still putting the blame on Booking.com
I would never stay here again. Not having maid service is not ok. I guess you have to pay for it if you want it. Rooms are dated and the appliances are dingy and rusted. The staff wasn't friendly at all when we checked in.
NO STARS for this horrible dilapidated smelly dump. We left after 10 minutes in the room and found a better hotel nearby. The lady at the front desk didn't even ask the problem.
The hallways have a stench that is in the room also. Couldn't even sit in the bed...most of the lights didn't work.
Do. Not. Stay. Here. From the second we pulled up we knew something wasn't right. None of the staff were wearing mask. None of the guests were wearing mask. Although there are signs in the lobby mandating everyone wear masks. The elevator was broken so we carried all out bags to the third floor. The stench in the hallway from the piles of trash in each stairwell carries into the rooms. The room had a horrible smell when we first walked in. The room was definitely not cleaned to our liking which we called corporate and spoke about. This is an extended stay restaurant so there was a stove and full size fridge in the hotel room BUT NOT A SINGLE UTENSIL, CUP, POT, or PLATE in sight! Not one! Not even the basic coffee station you find in a Motel 6. When we called the front desk to request these things she told me that they only place these things in room when they have them available. I asked is there any available she said yes, I would need to come down to the lobby to get them. Very UNaccommodating being as though I would have to carry pots, pans, plates, cups up three flight of stairs, or go thirsty. The pics attached are pics from the second we got into the room. Nothing used or touch at this time. Hair on the mattress and counters. Towels folded sloppily. And a table without any chairs! Just don't waste your money. The guests surrounding me argued all night! Slammed doors! And even cursed at the deliver guy delivering food to another room. It was tragic!
We booked through Hotwire. Big.mistake.. The floors were sticky, the room smelled of old ash tray. The rest of the room was relatively clean not like the other reviews. They gave us a room with a "queen" size bed. It was a full bed. Their reply was that's what THEY call a queen. We actually measured the bed and it is a full. They wanted to charge us more for a king size bed. By the way, they do not clean the rooms every day, they charge for parking. At 8:30 someone knocked on our door to do maintenance. The hotel didn't even have the courtesy of letting us know because they think that posting a paper the night before in the elevator means it is acceptable to do so... I would never stay there again. If you add up the costs of paying for a king size bed, paying to have the room cleaned daily, and parking, you could get a room at a fancy hotel. You were warned.
We have now renamed the city Flithadelphia. This place is a complete crap hole.  Upon check in no toilet paper, no soap, dirty wash cloth in tub. Called down to desk and was told I would have to come down and fetch them. Ozone machine was on counter in an attempt to disguise the smell cigarette smoke. Window was also open allowing wasps to enter room. Our socks turned black from the filthy carpet. Toilet leaked from the bottom when flushed and the seat was so loose it bucked you off. Compete lack of concern from the staff. In our 2 day stay we never saw room service
The room was filthy!!! The first room had pubic hair all over the toilet and bath tub. I forgot to mention the bath tub did not have a shower curtain in it.   I went back downstairs and requested another room and the front desk stated that he wasnt house keeping. Really?!  The second room wasnt much better.  I would have been better off sleeping in the airport over night versus staying in this run down over priced place. Time to upgrade or simply burn this place down.  Please dont waste your time or money. Stay some where else!!!
Stayed here this past weekend with my husband... 3/25/2016 til 3/27/2016 and it was OK... The rooms were all right... The kitchen needed to be cleaned... The room itself needed really good thorough cleaning... Beds are OK not too comfortable but it was fine for the two days we stayed... The breakfast was grab and go... I was lied to by the guy on the phone and was told there was orange juice, apple juice, and other beverages but in fact it was only tea, coffee and hot chocolate... The staff was nice and helpful... although housekeeping could be better... Hotel is next to Ruby Tuesday's and Wawas... Very close to all of the stadiums in Philadelphia... It's about a nine minute drive... I personally thought the hotel was OK but will never stay there again...
Our flight was canceled along with several other flights causing all airport hotels to be at capacity.  After calling all the major chains in the area we booked one of the last rooms at this hotel.  The reception staff was very friendly and nice. The check in process was painless.  When we left the elevator on the second floor we were greeted with a high pitched wailing from a cooling unit, that could be heard all the way down the hallway and in our room.   The room itself had a funky smell and the kitchen did not contain any dishes.  There were stains on the floor.  The random people drinking in the hallway combined with the security and drug warnings we received with check in caused us to barricade the door.
My flight was canceled so the airline gave me a coupon for a hotel booking agency that had this dump at the top of their recommendations. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to my worst enemy. 

You walk in to a dilapidated lobby where they make you sign a couple of forms as they request $100 deposit for incidentals. The forms have been photo copied so many times they are barely legible, so I wasn't even sure what I was signing. 

On the way to the room you pass the "fitness center", which is an old treadmill and elliptical. I'm pretty sure they weren't even plugged in. 

The room itself was just plain gross. While it smelled clean (like, just cleaned up some sort of horrible mess with 4 bottles of pinesol clean), the floors were sticky and slippery (yes, it is possible). The beds were oddly facing each other. There was an old TV facing one of the beds with the sound not functioning properly (sound effects deafening, dialogue so low you had to use your imagination). The bathroom was so gross I couldn't imagine taking a shower or sitting on the toilet. One of the dressers was missing a drawer (and I'm worried that's one of the charges listed in the illegible forms I signed that I'll be on the hook for). Just for kicks, I took a peek under the kitchen sink to find, you guessed it, a substantial colony of mold. 

To make my stay even more delightful, someone in another room fell asleep while cooking and set the fire alarm off at 2:00AM. Everyone evacuated their rooms. After making my way through a smoke filled hallway as the alarms blared, I was standing outside with about 30 other people wondering what was going on. There was not an Extended Stay employee in sight. Total lack of leadership in a time of crisis. 

I went back to my room, grabbed my things and checked out of the hotel as soon as possible. I will never stay there again. You should never stay there, period.
