In all honesty, the hotel itself was nice but don't expect much from your room. The rooms are literally the tiniest I have ever seen. Between the bed and the wall mounted tv, there may have been no more than 2 feet of separation. The bathroom/shower area was bigger than our entire bedroom if that says anything. 
The gentleman at the front desk was always a pleasure to see, very welcoming and kind.
They do offer breakfast to go which consists of granola bars, oranges/bananas and yogurt.
The one major thing that I was disappointed in was the lack of cleaning in the lobby area. We were guests here for a total of 3 nights/4 days and for breakfast we would sit in the lobby area to eat. Those 4 days, the tables were never cleaned as noted by the stains and food left behind each day. Thank goodness that I had brought Clorox wipes with us.
On a positive note, be sure to check out their on site restaurant, Libertene. A wonderful staff and great food!!
Our room was very nice. Big bathroom, high end TV, good space for all our stuff, cool layout, comfortable beds, excellent room amenities including desk, fridge, microwave, desk, lots of plugs and USB's and great layout/use of space. The finishes were excellent, modern, fairly high end. The shower was large and had a great, big, powerful, modern shower head, huge glass wall, big glass sliding door, really nice. The finishes in the whole room felt high end and very comfortable.

The service at the front desk was super friendly. It's a downtown type hotel so the lobby is kind of small but that's a result of limited space. Loved the coffee, fruit water and tea available in the lobby. Loved the free cookies in the lobby when coming back from long days. Location is excellent, easy to get to restaurants, shops and parks.

If it's going to rain on your trip, be sure to have your own umbrella, they don't have many loaners, though they're genuinely apologetic and thoughtful if they don't have any.

I would definitely stay here again without hesitation and recommend you do as well.
The room was tiny but in a cute way, not a cramped or seedy way. I don't know if it's because we got one in the corner of the building but our room was very small. It could barely fit the bed, desk, and two night stands. However, it felt quaint and comforting. The unique decoration also made it look clean and modern. I loved the large glass door shower stall. You get a microwave and fridge in the room and our room had four windows! Yes, they all had a view of another building but I still prefer to have access to natural light. The worst parts of the room is the small sink, which makes you spill water everywhere, and the lack of drawers. 

Free continental breakfast comes with your reservation and I was plenty satisfied with their options each morning. You can make your own waffles and they have an oatmeal station with walnuts, granola, dried fruit, and brown sugar for toppings. They also have scrambled eggs and turkey sausage. My favorite was the fresh cut up fruit they had; the watermelon was perfectly ripe and the cantaloupe was good too. The more common items were toast, pastries, bagels, yogurt, juices, and cereals. The breakfast is held in Libertine, the restaurant that is connected to the hotel, has outdoor seating, and also provides room service (they have an awesome dinner menu with plenty of vegetarian options). 

The hotel personnel was friendly and efficient at check in/out. One man who was working at breakfast was specifically helpful as he handed us sleeves for our coffee cups when he saw how crazed rushed we were to catch our bus at 6:30 in the morning. I didn't like, however, that when we returned to our room one day the thermostat was turned down to 65 degrees. When I adjust the temperature to 72 degrees, that's where I would like to keep it! Also, it can be a bit noisy at night since you are in the middle of Philly night life. It is expected being in the city and I had no problem sleeping, but it could be an issue if your a light sleeper. All in all, I would gladly book this hotel again for my next trip to Philadelphia.
Nice clean hotel. Friendly front desk. Rooms small but a nice modern look. Durable finishes. Enjoyed having fridge and microwave.  Things took a turn for the worst when I awoke to my door being opened at 815 in the morning... luckily I yelled and had my door security stopper engaged.  An hour later house keeping attempted the same thing. I lost 4 hours of sleep, paranoid it would happen again. Front desk apologized and apparently somehow my room was labeled as checked out at around 7am. What a horrible end to my stay.
This was my first time in Philadelphia and I had no idea that the stretch of 13th that this hotel is on is buzzing with great food and nightlife! So just keep that in mind if you're looking for a quiet hotel... it's very noisy.

The lobby is small, but it fits enough people that actually want to spend time there. Seems like most of the folks who stay at the hotel are out and about. They have infused water (cucumber, as well as lemon) available at the front desk, so make sure you bring your water bottle.

The restaurant attached to the hotel is fantastic. They have happy hour and they also serve breakfast for free in the morning.

Breakfast was decent, they always had several juices, waffle maker, two different types of breakfast protein, oatmeal, yogurt, and fruit. Coffee was always available and warm, too.

The room itself is compact and cozy. They did somehow manage to fit a king bed in there by eliminating the TV stand and mounting the TV instead. The TV comes with Pandora and Netflix programmed in so make sure you have your passwords handy! It has the typical iron, ironing board, hangers, ice bucket, microwave, mini fridge and coffeemaker. Toiletries were Paul Mitchell brand, which was great. I'm unsure if they come standard with every room but they also provided makeup remover, which was very helpful.

I do have some complaints, especially with the heating. It seemed like the heat and the fan power was weak, so it would take quite a long time to warm up. Had to make sure to keep it warm throughout the day so that it was tolerable in the evening. The shower door was a little damaged and water got all over the floor unless I set out some towels. The electronic key in the Bonvoy app didn't work at this hotel, and the door to my room didn't close all the way. They did have the security bolt, which helped me feel a little safer but it was annoying to see the light peek through in the evening.

Other than that, it's very close to most major public transit stops and walking distance to major tourist spots. Pretty good price for what you get! Would stay here again.
Terrific spot to stay when in Philly...great staff and super friendly!  Close to a lot downtown.
Room was awesome: comfy bed, amazing view, great bathroom ... it had everything. Clean and cool looking.. great themed decor. Breakfast included.
