We spent 20k points to stay here after getting screwed over by US Airways.  We weren't even supposed to be in PHL but somehow we ended up in that city overnight. Whatever...

The hotel is newly renovated. Don't rely on any review prior to a few months ago. It's modern. It's clean. It smells good. The room was big and spacious with Vaseline and Pantene amenities. I loved the women who checked us in. Very friendly. They plied us with lots of free bottled water after hearing about our sad plight on crappy US Airways. 

The airport shuttle driver has free water in a cooler up front. A nice touch after a long day dealing with crappy US Airways.

Awesome breakfast with two kinds of Jimmy Dean sandwiches to grab 'n go. 

TIP - Reserve a shuttle seat upon check-in.  We wanted to go to the airport at 6am but had to go at 5:30am instead because the shuttle was booked up. Don't just show up in the lobby during prime hours and expect a seat.
Hotel is clean, staffs are friendly. We enjoyed our stay. The breakfast bar was great. We only stayed one night but the experience was good. The rooms are clean and comfortable, the staffs are profession friendly and efficient. We would definitely stay there again.
We missed our connecting flight in Philly to Cle and had to book a hotel near the airport. The room rate was $150 on Sunday night which seemed high but we figured it was a really nice hotel. 

Cons: The hotel "free" WiFi never worked and when I called the front desk to ask about it no one answered the phone. The room was also dirty with hair on the bathroom floor and behind the toilet. So gross. The sheets also had marker stains on them. The cleanliness was very dissatisfying. Definitely not worth the price we paid.

Pros: They offer a free shuttle to and from the airport. It's about a mile from the airport. There was also a free breakfast with many choices which was nice. Overall the hotel quality was not good.
The smell...that's all I can say. Hotel room smelled of mustiness and mildew. Looks like the property was slightly updated to hide the hotels age. Ok for a one night stay if your sinuses can handle it! Definitely would not return again.
Stayed here on my way back to New England. I was very happy with this hotel. The place was very clean, friendly, had fast wifi ( which for some reason is very hard to get) and was nice and quiet at night. Flat screen tv and all the bonuses! I would highly recommend this place.
Only stayed one evening
The room was clean
The pool was great for my son, he was having a ball. 
Went down for a midnight snack
They had plenty of snacks available and frozen dinners 
There was a really nice tea station with great honey 
Sulvester and the man who checked us in was great, nice and gave us good places to visit. 

The room was average my
Only complaint Was the tv had limited channels
No Walking Dead for us. 
The bathroom was spacious
And the room provided an ironing board, refrigerator and desk, hallways were quiet

They offer full breakfast free of charge but I didn't attend. 
My son brought me back a yogurt and pineapple 

Overall, great room great price
Stayed here the night before flying to Orlando.  Jeremy was awesome checking us in.  Room was clean, bed was comfy, we got a good night sleep.  BONUS...  they have a free hot breakfast..  yes...  free breakfast.  

Will be back for are next trip !!!
I have to disagree with the other review here.  This is my new go-to favorite hotel when staying overnight for the PHL airport.  Yes, it's a little older, and kind of a budget hotel.  But you know, it's actually pretty decent.  The staff here is really, really, really nice.  All of the van drivers we have had to/from the airport were fantastic.  We stayed here for the first time last year last-minute because some of our flights got delayed and canceled.  We got in really late, and the driver was very accommodating with helping us find food and making sure our room was comfortable. This time around, same deal.  She was very kind to us, and also helped us find something to eat and helped us feel comfortable in our room.  These are little things, but they are very important, especially when you travel all day with kids.. It's exhausting!!

I also enjoy the continental breakfast, which is free.  The selection is not huge but it's big enough, and everything is fresh, and the staff is very attentive in making sure that you're happy and taken care of.  I also really, really appreciate this.

Rooms were clean enough, comfortable enough, and quiet enough.  With family in tow, I would not stay here for a week... But a night or two, especially if I'm not spending much time in the room, is just enough.  The prices are usually a lot cheaper than other hotels in the area, and I'm sure they are comparable.

Note that this hotel is in the middle of nowhere, which is why I would not stay here for more than a few days.. And sometimes there are some semi-shady characters walking around, but overall I felt very safe and comfortable, and again, the staff here is A+, everyone from the front desk staff to the housekeeping to the van drivers.
Was able to get a room here when my airline canceled my flight and stranded me overnight. Staff were pretty busy when I was checking in, but were friendly and helpful. They have a free breakfast however I'll be leaving to early in the morning to take advantage of that. They have a pool and a workout room which seem really nice. I did have a small fridge in my room.
PS - when I checked out this morning- again the staff were very nice - they said some of the breakfast was out and to help myself. That was nice.
Needed a room last minute so I booked here. The lady at the front desk was super friendly. When I got to my room there was smell of smoke. The smoke detector was also hanging off the ceiling, there were candy wrappers next to the chair, and stains on the bed. I called the front desk and the woman upgraded me to a bigger room. I got to the room and the couch had stains all over it, the chair was messed up, and there was sticky stuff all on the wall in one area. The rooms are also very dim. The only reason I give two stars is because the lady at the front desk is very friendly.
The hotel is fine. Clean. Close to the airport. Staff pleasant.  The gym. It's a fun you'd expect at a ritz Carlton. Hotels don't get enough recognition for stuff like this but it's truly differentiating. I was able to get a solid workout in. They have dumbbells up to 75 lbs which is extraordinary for a hotel gym. Spacious. Huge stretching area. Water fill station which the entire terminal B at the airport doesn't have. The room and the rest aren't 5 stars. But the gym makes it worth 7 stArs. Oh and they call you a Lyft to get to the airport for free. Nice throw in.
Itsy Bitsy Teen weeny little rooms.
Best bud, in shock at his tiny room, returned to the front desk and said,  "Come on! You have to have a room bigger than that!" The front desk clerk politely demured with, "Sir, this is a boutique hotel." Our room was even smaller.
I have to say the maid was a magician- she was able to bring Organization out of chaos. Betty was the greatest. Some mad scientist was able to design the petite small rooms to meet all your needs; the bathroom was fabulous.
Loved Libertine Restaurant and bar. I diamond in the rough. Simply fabulous food, outstanding cocktails- unique and expertly executed. Got to meet at the chef- all three times we dined there- genius!
Everybody there with to attend the Army Navy game!
PROS:
The staff was great - nice friendly and professional - specifically the morning breakfast crew.

Also - great proximity to Philly airport - about 5 minute drive.

Free wifi & parking.

CONS:
The rest of the hotel. 

Many of the bathroom floor tiles were broken, there was a hair or two in the towels, the pillow sheets appeared to be stained, carpet stains throughout room and hall, discolored/stained walpaper - peeling away from the wall, etc. 

The workout room had been relocated to a hotel room on the 2nd floor (due to construction?). Understandable, but a female solo traveler doesn't feel comfortable running on a treadmill facing away from the door in a vacant 2nd floor emptied out hotel room. Actually, no one should feel comfortable with this.

The hotel appears to be under construction, so hopefully all these problems will be fixed; however, it seems the hotel could have used the upgrade about 5 years ago.
Went to a show in Philly. Despite living in DC with plans to drive home after, we ended up having to pull off I-95 due to crazy rain and flooding- it was just not feasible to try to get back. 
After trying two other hotels off the exit who were booked, we pulled into here. 
Walk to the desk, ask if anything is available. Clerk says no, we turn around to leave. Some other woman comes out and says, "wait, let me check."
Ok, we wait. She says they have one more room with 2 queen beds. Asked the price and was quoted $169.00. Agreed to pay considering location. I always ask for a government rate. Was told, "we can't give you that rate since we're all full." Whatever, we're tired. 
Finally get to room. Floor is soaked near window and strange mildew smell. See water stain on ceiling. Old washcloth is hanging on shower curtain rod. Again, whatever, we're tired. 
Finally get to sleep around midnight. Suddenly wake up to fire alarm going off. Wait a few minutes, not stopping. Great, let's go outside so we don't burn. Walk past front desk, no kind of explanation. Whatever, keep walking. Fire department takes a good 20 mins to show up (are you surprised I'm alive to write this review?). Go back to room. Another 10 minutes passes with alarm blaring in our ears. 
Sigh of relief as alarm goes off. But oh shoot, it's still pretty hard to sleep when the fire alarm strobe is bright as a rising sun. 30 minutes of this going off before we decide we have to get out of here (rain has stopped, safe to drive). As we are rushing to pack our stuff in a rage, alarm starts blaring again. Walk out to lobby. The fire department isn't even there????? (Questionable whose fault this is.... Or WTF is going on)
Anyway, we are asking for a refund for which the lady at the desk says she cannot provide. Gives some phone number to call in the morning. Then decides to look at my info and say my card "hasn't been charged yet." Says she canceled the charge (hey, that was nice). 
Fairly certain, however, that this was done to shut us up and send us on our way so she could deal with other PO'd customers waiting their turn to give her an ear full. 
What a great few hours spent in this hotel!
I am writing this review for my parents; even though they don't know what Yelp is, they wanted to thank someone. They arrived late from the airport and knew they wouldn't be up early enough for breakfast. Staff member Anthony Ortigo wrote down what they wanted and it was saved and waiting for them when they did get up. They tried to thank him but it turns out the night before was his last day! Wow. Then it happened on the return stay: the staff offered to set aside a full hot breakfast for them the next morning! No names unfortunately to thank. What incredible customer service and a hospitable work culture of caring for customers! Good job staff. Rooms were also clean and pleasant.
I would like to recognize the outstanding staff at the Fairfield Inn Marriott at the Philadelphia Airport. I got stranded in Philadelphia for 2 extra nights because of hurricane sandy. We stayed 3 total nights, October 28, 29 and 30. I have never felt so welcomed and I have never been treated better by a hotel staff than those 3 nights I spent there. I was frightened because I have never experienced a hurricane before, I am from San Diego. The staff frequently asked me and my family how we were doing and if they could do anything to help us. The friendliness of the staff was very reassuring and appreciated. The staff provided food to eat for dinner when the roads were closed and we could not go out to get dinner. I was further impressed when I found out that the staff was stranded at the hotel as well and could not go to their homes or families. Even though they were stuck in the same circumstances as we were, they continued to be dedicated to making the guests feel comfortable and safe. 

I really hope the staff that worked during those days are recognized for going above and beyond. I cannot stress enough how impressed we were and grateful we are towards the Fairfield Inn and the people that work there.
The reason I'm giving 2 stars instead of 1 is the staff is very friendly. We arrived early for our reservation. The room wasn't ready because it needed to be cleaned. The lady gave us our room number and the key because we had a function to attend by 9am. We noticed there wasn't anything in the surrounding area besides Ruby Tuesday and a WAWA. The hotel doesn't have room service but the breakfast that was included was decent. When we entered the room it smelled of mildew.  Be prepared to travel to the first floor for ice because that appears to be the only ice maker in the hotel. The next morning as my daughter who is a minor was getting dressed in the room, we heard movement by our door and it opened to a party of men who apparently were given a key to our room. Imaging how embarrassing that was for a teenage girl. The clerk called and advised they had the room listed as empty and had me listed as a no show. By then I was fuming because my daughter was now uncomfortable. When I got dressed, I proceeded downstairs to the front desk and spoke with Tamika, who was very friendly. I explained to her what happened and she advised they would comp my stay and give me 20000 reward points. I would not recommend this place to anyone.
My family attempted to stay at this hotel last night...

We checked in late afternoon and got Room 129. After hanging for a little bit, I took my 2-year old son to the window to look outside. To my shock, the curtains were absolutely covered in mold (see photos). I called the front-desk to ask for a different room, I was told they were over-booked by 7 rooms. A "man of many jobs" came to fix the Pack and Play for our son, and we shared that there were no maintenance workers at the hotel that day. 

Concerned for our health, we returned the keys and checked out. Helen at the front desk, though indifferent about the mold situation, was very nice and tried to find us a room at another hotel, but everything in Philly was booked up. If we hadn't booked through Expedia, she would've easily given us a refund. 

On a side note: cribs were advertised as available, however, we were given a Pack and Play. Big difference. A crib mattress has padding, a Pack and Play has very little. No way our 2-year old would be comfortable sleeping in that.

Aside from the mold issue, the rooms are modernized, but not the cleanest. Cable and WiFi are spotty. The two aforementioned hotel staffers were very nice.
This was an economy option for me while I was staying in Philadelphia. The rooms were clean and the amenities were what they said they were. What made me give this location 5 stars was the customer service. Holy moly! Me and my young son were here for 5 days, and the staff was so friendly and helpful. At the end of the day, I would pick exceptional customer service over fancy fixtures any day! Thank you to the entire Fairfield Staff for helping us feel at home!
Stayed here one night for a soccer game at the Lincoln financial field. Staff was rude and the room was very run down. It was clean, however , and they did serve a small continental breakfast.
We stayed here recently with 3 kids (aged 3 months, 19 months, and 7 years old).  We really enjoyed the time we spent in this hotel.  We were located two rooms down from the pool and directly across the hall from the complimentary breakfast.  This was a great location considering we were traveling with young children.  The pool was the perfect size and provided towels which was a huge bonus...less to carry down to the pool each day.  We also enjoyed the complimentary cookies at nighttime.  

The hotel staff was very polite and eager to help solve our problems.  When we didn't have dish soap to wash bottles they provided us with what they used.  They also were able to recommend local places that delivered tasty food.  The staff also kept the breakfast well stocked throughout the entire service.  The food was fresh too.

We stayed in a room with two queen beds.  It was the perfect size.  For being so close to the airport the noise level is also pretty low. 

The only reason they didn't receive five stars on the review was because the fridge was really a freezer and froze all of our leftovers.
I stayed here for two weeks on a business trip. The team really treated you like you were family. Shuttle drivers Miss Denise, Bruce and James(?) remembered exactly which terminal I was being dropped off at each day and always welcomed me back on my pickup. The front desk staff (especially Christopher, Nicole and Sheneke(?), would always genuinely greet and welcome me with a warm smile every time. Each day they had an afternoon/evening themed snack in the lobby, with delicious lemonade and iced tea; they also had complimentary continental breakfast each day. Of all my business trips, this was by far, one of the best, warmest and most welcoming hotel staff experiences.
UPDATE: 

$20 was stolen from my room by housekeeping even though I had the so not disturb sign on the door. I went out for the afternoon and came back to find $180 of the $200 I had left in the room!

1) long dark strands of hair on the bathroom floor upon checkin 

2) room smells of body odor

3) comforter is stained

4) breakfast was terrible

5) the place is under renovations and charges $20 a day or incidentals and $10 a day for parking
This was a great hotel and great experience! It was modern (recently renovated), quiet, the service was great and they offered a plentiful complementary breakfast each morning. Plus, they had an indoor pool!  I forgot my suit, but one morning while my friend was still sleeping, I ate and then read magazines poolside and it felt more "tropical" that way! Jessica and Sheneke, in particular, were awesome and our favorite employees! -Especially, Jessica: she remembered us and always greeted us in such a friendly way each day! We felt Philadelphia, overall, was a super friendly and accommodating city!
Even though we didn't stay long because we had a very early flight, we were pleased with our stay.  Coming from out of town and being able to receive great customer service provided by Mr. Terrell at the front counter was great!  He was very pleasant and hospitable, he explained the amenities all the way down to breakfast for the next morning.  His assistance made me add this location to my list of hotels to visit!  The room was very clean (the tub could use a touch-up though), the beds were very comfortable and the heat was perfect.  This is a must return!
