The best hotel in Philadelphia by a long shot. I used to dislike visiting Philly, not because I dislike the city, but because the few other 5 star hotel options in town are passable at best. This sparkling new Four Seasons is a breath of fresh air, and made our recent trips memorable. 

Occupying the top floors of the Comcast Center, the Four Seasons offers the best views of Philadelphia you will find. It is the tallest building in the city, after all. From the moment we entered the front doors, to the scenic elevator ride up to the orchid encrusted lobby, to being escorted to our room, we felt genuinely welcomed and appreciated as guests. 

My fiancé and I have stayed here twice in the past 6 weeks, in a Superior Room (the cheapest room at ~$800/night), and most recently in the Skyview Suite (~$1750/night). We liked both rooms, but preferred the suite for its deep soaking bathtub, separate living area, and extra large closet. Both rooms offered stunning views from the floor to ceiling windows, premium bedding atop the most comfortable beds ever, and luxurious appliances.

Do not skip the pool and spa. The infinity pool is enclosed by floor to ceiling glass windows, so you can take in the views while you swim. The spa was incredibly relaxing, and like the rest of the hotel, immaculate in design. As soon as I sat down by the pool, a man appeared seemingly out of nowhere with a towel, water, and snacks. 

As is usual with Four Seasons, the staff went above and beyond. We arrived after a long travel day to a complimentary bottle of champagne on ice, macarons, fresh figs, and a hand written note. We were not celebrating any special occasion, but the experience was so lovely that we felt as though we were. I am looking for an excuse to return to Philly just so we can stay here again.
There are 5 star hotels, and then there are 5 star hotels. This one is 5 in the truest sense of the word. It exudes modern elegance. 
We arrived to be greeted by name by James, and we were escorted to the jaw-dropping 60th floor. Fresh orchids for days. Everywhere you turn  Gah. The check in staff was delightful. We were off to a great start. 
The guest rooms are all located on the floors below the check-in floor. Odd, but I guess that way everyone gets to enjoy the best view in the city. 
Our room had a spectacular view. Floor to ceiling glass. Made all the more spectacular by the mood music softly playing, the inviting crisp white linens, and the lovely wine and spirits in the mini bar ;).
Every detail is important to them. You are important to them. How lovely to feel that way. 
Housekeeping even set reading glass wipes next to my glasses and they coiled my phone charger with a Velcro wrap. It's the little things...
The Four Seasons experience is unlike any other. Refined. Genteel. 
Whatever my previous notion was of Philadelphia, it has surely elevated thanks to this hotel.
I spent my 40th Birthday at the Four Season's Comcast Center and I must say, the Four Season exceeded my expectations. I booked the suite through my American Express platinum card, and was super excited for my stay with my husband and two children. I annotated that we were celebrating a special occasion and was asked to provide the names of all guests. Upon arrival, we were greeted by the valet and escorted to the host. They conducted a contactless temperature check and provided us with a pin to wear acknowledging the check. When we arrived at check-in, we were greeted by our first names (even the children) before we got to the desk. The staff was friendly and courteous and advised us of all the perks that came with booking with American Express. They advised we received a suite upgrade and dining/spa credits. Upon arrival to the suite, we were stunned by the floor to ceiling windows. The view was stunning. The suite was huge with a separate sleeping and living areas. The living area doubled as a pull out bed for the children to sleep. The bathroom needs its own review as it boasted a huge walk in shower and a soaking tub with city views. 
The staff set up balloons,  cake and champagne for my birthday. To top it off, they left treats and a handwritten note for children. The entire stay was amazing. We ordered room service for breakfast and lunch and the staff took appropriate precautions when they entered the room. The food was amazing. I booked a massage at the spa and the view alone was worth the trip. The spa treatment was magnificent and my children loved the infinity pool. Every place in the hotel provided an opportunity to see the cityscape. They were no tan lines on this trip (I was originally booked for Dubai), but the skyline views from the hotel will have you in awe. 
I will definitely stay at the Four Season the next time I'm in Philadelphia and the brand will certainly be my first choice when choosing travel accommodations.
This is a beautiful hotel. The elevator ride to the 60th floor lobby is worth a recording or an instagram story post. Beautiful flowers in the lobby, helpful staff and a big wide driveway for Uber pick up makes this a great spot to spend a few days. The rooms are automated with my favorite auto blind opening buttons. Find hotels are partly about the great lighting and this hotel has mastered that. 

Very comfortable  beds and pretty spacious rooms.
Disappointed in the treatment of African Americans. A group of African American professionals were turned away when invited to attend a networking event Friday 9/6/19. They were told to head to the Pyramid club instead. Everyone was dressed in business attire. Asians and Caucasians were greeted and welcome to attend. A very racist and discriminatory business practice.
This place is GORGEOUS! There was a long wait just for the rooftop view on the 60th floor which has fine dining and three bars. Fresh flower decor, waterfalls lining the staircase, and 360 city views. You get the instant feeling of being rich and posh up there. Definitely didn't belong but it was fun visiting my friends workplace! Beautiful views and hotel
This amazing hotel maintain their dignity and professionalism by not allowing a certain person to hold a press conference.
So, hubby and I went to the Christmas Market (awesome) and did a little shopping, stopped by Reading Market, etc etc. We then headed over to the new Four Seasons to check out the bar on the 60th floor. Would have loved to look at a room for my moms upcoming 75 birthday party in a few years but so much for that. We were advised about an hour long wait to go up the elevator for standing room only at the bar. Super glad they are busy. But here's the BIG, HOWEVER. The bar on the ground floor was closed at 4:20 pm on a Saturday!!! What the hell? LOL. Maybe open the empty bar and give CUSTOMER pagers-OR A WAIT LIST so PATRONS can sit and drink, spend some money and wait to be called to check out the new bar and lobby!!!  Oh yah and maybe get some apps!!! Customers win, hotel makes money and nobody gets turned away!!!!  We watched about 30 people walk out the front door. 
Might want to think this through Comcast. Too bad especially for people like us that drove from West Chester
If you're looking for a luxury experience within Philadelphia, check out the spa at the new Four Seasons! 
My husband surprised me with a massage at the spa for our 6 month anniversary. The experience was wonderful -- I had access to the relaxation lounge, steam room and sauna before and after my massage. Another perk of the experience were the views from the 57th floor . The ambiance was quiet and relaxing, and the service was good. Highly recommend to those looking to treat someone (or yourself ) to a 'staycation' within Philly.
The most horrible experience ever. Wanted to go for cocktails for my 50th birthday evening 12/2219 because I heard the view and atmosphere was breathtaking. Get off the elevator and everything was certainly stunning. Walked around for a bit and then proceeded to go to the bar. Bar was crowded however and every place we tried to go order a drink we were told YOU CANT STAND HERE. You could tell we looked lost and simply trying to order a drink. We then walked to an area next to the bar that looked like lounge seats and thought ok maybe we can sit here and maybe someone will come a take a drink order. No way, someone adamantly came to tell us to get out of there for no apparent reason. Hate dropping the RACE CARD however it was painfully obvious we as three non Caucasian people were not welcome that night. Bartenders especially were the ones basically telling us we weren't allowed to stand ANYWHERE near the bar area. Spectacular view of the city and that's about it. Customer service towards non Caucasian people absolutely disgusting and truly hope this business FAILS. Can't believe this day and time blatant hatred towards the black community still exists and in such a nasty manner. Seems that there were similar reviews about this place from others so I'm certainly not making this up.
Glorious service, incredible views, exquisite food, and an overall wonderful experience that you would expect at a Four Seasons property. As my wife says, " Only at a Four Seasons ".
Visited Jean Georges Sky High bar tonight. Breathtaking view. Diverse crowd. Excellent service. Food is good but it almost doesn't matter because the space is so dramatic that you're just happy to be part of it.
philadelphia at its best 
Bravo
best service 
best food
so pleased the Four Seasons is back
Philadelphia at its best
makes us proud
There are not enough adjectives to describe the new Four Seasons. I surprised my wife this past Saturday(10/19) by checking in for our anniversary. From the moment we checked in we were given nothing less than extraordinary service. Although we had to wait a good bit for our room to be ready (it gets inspected) we were eventually able to find a spot at the bar. I would agree with the other reviewers that the bar gets very crowded and difficult to order a drink. However after finishing our drinks, the bartender poured two glasses of champagne for us. I guess the concierge slipped him a note. When the room was ready, we were shown to our room by the concierge. What hotel escorts you to the room? Our bags were already in place and set up in the walk-in closet area. The staff showed us all the clever room features, explained all the other hotel amenities, and asked about our dinner plans. 
The room was spectacular, which the staff upgraded--a separate sitting area with a pull out sofa and large flat screen, the enormous walk thru double vanity bathroom with soaking tub and spacious shower that opened to bedroom towering high above Logan square. As were we leaving to go out for dinner the concierge sent up a chocolate sculpture that had chocolate strawberries inside and a bottle of brut. Needless to say we were looking forward to come back after dinner. On our way out of the hotel there was a huge line of people waiting to get into the elevator to be whisked up to the bar. That's when the valet asked if we wanted a ride in the hotel's Tesla to dinner. We obliged. The only disappointing part of the night was that we eventually had to go to sleep. But I woke up early and wandered down to the empty lobby to see an incredible sunrise. We stayed as long as we could before we ultimately checked out. 
I would wholeheartedly recommend coming here, despite the price, and look forward to coming back whenever possible. It is a truly special hotel and that delivers an unforgettable experience. Just make sure to come here with someone special to share it.
So, the elevator up to the bar is cool. The windows looking out over the city- that's cool too. The Four Seasons employees, they try to be accommodating, but in the end, they are assholes. We were asked to leave because the bar was "at capacity".  We were happy to stand back out of the way, but no, this guy would not let us "guests were not permitted to stand by the bar." Seriously? Where would you like me to stand? And you call me a guest?
This hotel was amazing, beautiful and pristine rooms, views and pet friendly! As you can see, our dog had the best time! Go to JG Sky High for drinks and food, everything is really good. The infinity pool is nice and relaxing.
Stunning Views. Phenomenal Room and Bathroom Amenities. Great Service by the hotel staff all around. 

The 1 star review I wrote about the dining area I am placing below in hopes management will see it and help to resolve the situation. 

The hostesses and managers at the restaurant are at best incompetent. I do not want to play a race card here, so I will leave it at that. I'm staying at the Four Seasons, morning of Day 2 I go to breakfast, there is a four top table next to the window open. I asked to sit there for myself and mother. I'm told by the hostess that it's for a larger party. I'm sat at a two top in the middle section. 8 min later the hostess sits a couple at the table I just requested. I confront her, she apologizes and is able to find me a window seat after someone else leaves. I let it go as a mistake. Day 3 I go down to breakfast. All the tables facing the window on the south side are taken. I notice there are a number of tables facing the north side not being used. I ask to be seated there. I'm told the section is closed, that there is no one available to serve that section, so I relent and am seated in the middle section. Literally 10 minutes later a party is seated next to the window facing the north in the table I just requested and was told is closed. Needless to say I'm furious. Again, at best the hostesses are incompetent. 

The whole reason to eat at this place is the view. The food is decent but nothing spectacular. Knowing that, management should have servers first seat everyone on both sides of the restaurant to take advantage of the view. It's literally an extra 30 steps to the kitchen. It doesn't take a three dimensional genius strategist to just have the servers work two different sections and leave the middle open instead of an entire side of the restaurant open. The northern view, by the way, is a much more pleasant area to sit in, in the morning, Bc the sun is on the south side and they have to lower the blinds to block the sun, partially obstructing the beautiful view anyway. 

This is the Four seasons. They need to get this right. I hope the next time I come I can leave a better review. The servers themselves are all great.
This review is specifically for the spa.
I came here for a spa day on a Saturday. I originally called and booked 3 afternoon appointments with a leisurely 30 minute break in between each for time to really settle in and relax, maybe have a bite to eat. I was called the following day by the manager Andrea and told there was a "glitch in the computer system" and my times were not actually available. To keep the appointments in order I had to come in over an hour earlier than planned. I am not a morning person and she was not very sympathetic but I agreed because I was still excited to go. I received an email confirmation hours later and then realized all the 30 minute breaks I had planned (and told her to make sure were included) were gone. Im booked back to back. I voiced my frustration when I arrived with the receptionist. He did not care- he told me he'd see if they could push my hair appointment back 15 minutes and they were unable to.

As for the services- I had a 60 minute massage and 60 minute facial. I was hoping to book 90 minute appointments with a warm crystal massage but I settled for a Swedish which was all they had available. I understand they are busy as it's still new. The massage was mediocre but I wasn't expecting anything grand. If I had time I would've added on a scalp massage. There was no head and very little neck massage. They offered me a $25 complimentary upgrade to Shea butter (I assume for having to switch my appointments around). About 15 minutes in my back got super itchy. This was rectified with a hot wet towel and we continued on.
Jenny did my facial and it was great. The May Lindstrom products were natural and effective. My skin looks great a few days later. She offered a selection of music choices which I thought was nice.
My short visit ended with a hair blowout and that took the cake. Bobbie gave me the best blowout I've ever had in my life. She was also the first and only employee to offer me a drink besides water. I got a glass of champagne and could not have been happier.

I think the most disappointing part of this experience was that guests not of the hotel (meaning you didn't book a room) are unable to use the pool and fitness center. I spent over $600 on services only to be completely rushed through. Then I can't even sit by the pool. I was expecting a longer relaxing spa day. Not to be in and out in a hurry. The relaxation lounge is small and seemed crowded both times I walked in. Not a huge deal- again they are busy. If I ever go back I would book a night appointment- the sun is so bright especially in that room. I'm sure the sunset would be more ideal since I prefer a darker more peaceful space as opposed to feeling like I need sunglasses.
All in all I'm really undecided if I would go back. This experience was just not up to my expectations of the Four Seasons.
My husband and a I just stopped in at The New Four Seasons last night.
AMAZING!!!!! We walked into the upper floor bar and the view was breathtaking so say the least. We walked down the steps to the lower bar and were lucky enough to get a seat at the bar(you can only be served at this bar if you are seated). I have NEVER had such a delicious cocktail. It was the cucumber martini and I cannot remember whether it was Jason or Jonathan that made the drink but it doesn't matter they were both personable and very friendly. Alicia was the other bartender who topped off the experience of a drink and app at the bar. We are looking forward to our next visit there and will wait to be greeted by the same trio at the bar for sure!!!!!! You need to go if you haven't !!!!!!
Elevator ride is awesome.  Do the ride up. Take a look and head back down. Worst Manhattan I have ever had in my life. $16.  Presentation horrible. All three wee got were different. Maybe 3/4 of an ounce. 1 ounce and 1 1/4. Horrible.  This is the four seasons. Tasted terrible.  Terrible service. Presentation was horrible.  Go for the view and leave.
I was looking to hold a press conference in a sketchy parking lot, surrounded by barbed wire.  Turns out, I accidentally booked one of the nicest luxury hotels in Philadelphia.  They were very professional and accommodating when they discovered my mistake.  But they didn't have the authentic gritty urban atmosphere of an old crematorium and a store selling adult novelties.
WOW!!! What a gem  I have been looking forward to staying at the FS Philadelphia for some time now given its reputation and incredible reviews. We finally stayed and WOW!! What an incredible hotel - where to start - my wife fell in love with the  jeff leathem flowers and the beautiful winter design of the hotel. Incredible staff, beautiful pool and spa area. Great breakfast- but Siham from the concierge truly made our stay incredible! She was so pleasant and had the best recommendations and suprised my wife with something in the room. She truly made our stay even better. Kudos - we travel often and to top hotels but this one is definitely up there and a real Gem. Definitely recommend and we will be back!
Second visit to the hotel, first in December 2019, and now feb 2021. Just a stay cation. Everything there is as you would expect, excellent staff, friendly but impeccably professional. Stark decor but I think it's meant to highlight the views which for Philly is lovely. Had dinner at lounge. Restaurant not yet open. Terrific. Since the town was quite post covid restrictions we enjoyed the pool to ourselves and then a bubble bath. Our suite was great. Would suggest this location adjust shower, water pressure was sad. No glass doors on shower made it cold. Large shower but only one head. Please switch to hienz or normal ketchup. I mean whatever fancy stuff you have tastes like bbq sauce. We love this hotel and look forward to our next visit. Thank you.
This hotel is absolutely stunning... yes, the rooms are on the small size, but that's to be expected for a city hotel. It's perched at the very top of Philadelphia with jaw dropping views. The rooms are beautifully appointed and have gorgeous bathrooms. The bar is incredible and the specialty cocktails are all works of art. I didn't get a chance to use the pool, but I've heard it's amazing. One thing to note - once you step into the elevator, you should film the ride going up, up, up. It's really breathtaking!
The service is phenomenal, from the valley to the front desk to the room service to the pool staff, very clean very comfortable, excellent decor, the restaurant food was 5 stars delicious margaritas and the waitress Sarah was very accommodating and efficient. Will definitely be staying here again, and I recommend. The room service breakfast was very fast did not forget anything very tasteful and even gave a warmer under the cart to keep your breakfast warm. I can't speak highly enough.
