Sent us to the wrong room! Someone one opened our room with his key! And the room already occupied, WTF!Over charged us for a run down hotel. We changed our room the next day to a 5 stars hotel nearby for $30 more a night!

We were here for business and it was such an unpleasant and stressful day to deal with this hassle! Do better job please, you are a Marriott Bonvoy brand, do better, don't expect corporate money to fill your rooms up. There other hotels nearby too!
I stayed at the Four Points on my last trip to Philadelphia during a trip with my boyfriend. The hotel is in a very convenient, central location in Chinatown. You are within walking distance of the Convention Center and can get to various places of interest on foot. (For example, one night we walked to Prohibition Taproom from our hotel and had an awesome time without having to worry about an Uber or car). 

We drove to Philly. My boyfriend and I were able to park on the street during our weekend stay, which saved us some money. However, there was also a paid lot nearby in case we couldn't find parking (fortunately, we didn't need it). 

I thought the hotel was nice inside. The room was cozy and clean (that's all we really needed anyway). The staff were nice and greeted us each time we walked past the front desk. Also, the hotel was affordable and actually had a good rate. Overall, it was a nice stay and I'll definitely look to book here next time I'm staying in Philadelphia.
In town for an event at the Convention Center, I needed a hotel...Was Four Points the most affordable option?  No...but it looked extremely convenient.  When I arrived, it was even better than I thought...the Convention Center is literally across the street.  Then just behind the Convention Center is the Reading Terminal Market, a pretty big indoor farmers market offering literally any type of food you would want to eat (Mexican, Indian, vegan, cheese steak, pizza, cupcakes, a chocolate shop that was featured on Bizarre Foods and a gastropub with BRAISED SHORT RIB POT PIES!!), but that's another review =)

The hotel room is clean but nothing special...2 double beds, 32" LCD TV, functional AC/Heat, etc...The key for me here is location.

________________________
Notes:
* Free coffee in the lobby in the AM
* Try to do self-parking...the $20 valet takes 20-45 minutes to get your car
* NO complimentary airport shuttle, but the Lady Liberty shuttle service is only $10 to and from the airport
Like others, I made a reservation on Hotwire for this hotel. It's not exactly the nicest neighborhood where you would like to stay on vacation, but we got it for a cheaper price.

Pros:
+It's a block away from Reading Terminal (which was fascinating). 
+Few blocks from Chinatown, National Convention Center, Museums, Franklin Sq
+Staff were friendly, made fresh baked cookies, and served free hot coffee from 7-10
+Free Wifi and Water
+If you go to their breakfast buffet, they have buy 1 get second 50% off on food and beer.

Cons:
- It looks a little dingy at night and there were a few homeless on the streets.
- No private parking lot but there was a public one across the street ($24 for 12 hours and $28 for 24 hours)

I heard City Center West was a lot nicer of a neighborhood so try that if you're booking on hotwire. I remember the price difference was only about a couple of dollars.

Also, what I found hilarious about this place was that there was a sign next to our door that says "Please use deadbolt during your stay inside". Too bad I didn't take a picture. I'm thinking in my head..."Is it that unsafe to stay inside the room...lol." Just a thought.
I've stayed at this hotel a 1/2 dozen times, which should tell you already that I'm more-or-less a fan. And I am so for 3 main reasons - Price, Cleanliness, Location.

Price: The price is typically in the low $100s. Other than the Sheraton, other hotels nearby tend to be $50+ more per night.  

Cleanliness: In the 6 nights I've stayed here, there was 1 time my room smelled faintly of smoke, and they moved me immediately with no questions asked. Cleanliness has always been spot-on other than that.

Location: Awesome. You're literally steps away from a great Chinatown & the very neat Reading Terminal Market, and then a 5-10 minute walk from a ton of great restaurants. There are just a few homeless people that tend to hang out in the surrounding blocks, but they've only spoken to me a few times, and I've never felt even the slightest aggression. 

Other notes: Parking sucks. $29+ across the street, so I typically pony up for street parking. The staff has ALWAYS been very kind and helpful. If you want a view get a room above the 6th floor - the city can be seen from rooms above X10, and the Ben Franklin bridge can be seen from rooms below X10. 

All-in-all, a great bang for the buck for a hotel room in the city. I'd recommend to anybody.
So, we travel to philly every six months for our son to go to the wills eye hospital for his treatment of retinoblastoma. In essence of saving some money I found a better than the hospital rate price using Expedia. So not knowing if we would need one or two nights (sometimes we don't know depending on how the appointment goes) turns out we only needed the one night. So I was told to call Expedia, I did and then I get an email saying the hotel denied our request for a refund. So not only will I not be using this hotel probably not going to use Expedia either. Which is unfortunate because the little restaurant has hey have was pretty good, convenient, and reasonably priced.
Huge shower, which I would not expect in a hotel like this.  The double rooms have full mattresses instead of queen beds, I was told that this is increasingly the norm, but not a norm that I will support.  The pillows were huge, fluffy, and terrific (My girlfriend took pictures of the tag so we could buy them for home).

I liked the way that the closet was building into a desk and console table, which fit everything together saving some space.  (though there was an old used glass high up in the closet, I guess the maids are on the short side).  
 
I couldn't hear much noise from the hallway through the night (and I was there for New Years Eve, I would have expected a lot of noise).  

Staff I encountered was friendly.
The old Poly Esters 70s dance club for locals who need to put location in perspective.  

While this place does have a pretty rocking hotel bar (http://www.yelp.com/biz/chase-lounge-the-sheraton-four-points-center-city-philadelphia).  It faces the same issues as many Chinatown hotels.  The two main ones being their proximity to massage parlors and homeless shelters. 

It is bright and clean and the lobby smells gorgeous.  It would be my choice for a hotel out of the 3 on the same block between 12th and 13th on Race.  

Until March 31 2009, they're having a grand opening special 90 dollars a night too.
Would never stay here again.  Service is nonexistant.  Called 4 times to have bottled water brought up since maid service didnt replace it, never recd it.  Paper thin walls.  Staff is nonchallant and moves at a snails pace.  Outlets dont work.  Room wasnt ready at 3:40 the day of checkin.  Posted breakfast hours are 6:30 to 11, went down and was told that breakfast starts at 7.  Overall unprofessional and unorganized.
It's such a nice place. The bathroom is so clean and modern, and the shower has its own dispensers so you don't need to bring soap and shampoo. The only thing is that the room I stayed in didn't have a refrigerator.

It's within walking distance to Chinatown. 

The only thing is that the hotel doesn't have it's own parking, so you have to park in the lot across the street, and the parking options are expensive. The cheapest option is $28 for 24 hours.
Like the previous reviewer, I too got a great rate from Hotwire. I've never heard of Four Points by Sheraton (I usually stay at the Marriott), so I wasn't sure what to expect. 

I arrived on Friday afternoon. The gentleman at the front desk was very nice. He explained a lot of things to me, but I didn't pay too much attention since I was about to pass out from heat stroke. I went up to my room, where the only thing I noticed and care about was the AC. Lol. After a few minutes, I realized how lovely the room was! Unlike most hotels, there is a roomy hallway entrance as you enter, with gorgeous hardwood floors. There is a large dress/closet you can hang you clothes in, a coffee maker, etc. The room itself was a bit small, but not a big deal. I had a room with double beds (I was the only person), so I just used the other bed to throw stuff on. Nice television, with your typical hotel cable channels. The room was pretty clean; however, on the second bed I did notice a few very small stains on the comforter (I'm sure it was washed, probably something that just permanently stained). But my bed was spotless; sheets, pillowcases, comforter all clean. The bed itself is very soft; I usually prefer a firm bed but I slept REALLY well and comfortably. 

The bathroom was nice and roomy and very clean. One thing I noticed about this hotel is that they are very 'green' (which gets major kudos from me).  Instead of the usual toiletries, such as shampoo, conditioner, body was/soap, in the shower they actually have 'pumps' that contain each thing. You pump it into your hand or washcloth, and there you go. I liked that concept.

They have free WIFI, which was great.

As for the staff in general, everyone I encountered was very helpful, welcoming, and friendly. Particularly, the woman from housekeeping, who helped me out with something when she really didn't have to.  I left this morning, check out was a breeze. The woman at the front desk asked me if I enjoyed my stay, asked if I needed a cab, etc.

The only thing about the hotel I wasn't a fan of was the location; granted it's literally across the street from the Convention Center and a block from Reading Terminal Market, but the area is kind of desolate and had some questionable looking people around. But, just keep alert, maybe have some pepper spray just in case, and you're good to go. The hotel is pretty secure, and you can only use the elevators with your key card (tip: put in key card when doors are still open. A lot of people got a bit confused when first getting on, including myself. Hahaha).

To wrap things up, I would definitely book a room here again. The location, though a bit sketchy, is good (and there's a bus right outside the door). The room is modern and clean, they go green, and the staff is accommodating and friendly.
When clean is the best positive adjective I can use to describe you, there's probably an issue or two. 

The place is really cramped. Even the lobby and hallways. It's a tiny tiny hotel. And no one has a clue about anything. I was trying to get in touch with front desk, but no one answers the phone. Go down there and trying talking to them directly and they don't even know who to talk to/or who they are talking to, on their walkies. It was a bit of a joke.

What I really don't get is the price. It's pretty expensive for such a cramped space. This is Philadelphia, not New York. In the end the experience was alright, but far from great.
Excellent experience at this hotel. It's a great location (a block from Reading Terminal Market) and the hotel was clean and modern. The rooms were spacious with hardwood floors and modern bathrooms. The woman at the front desk was friendly and helpful when we checked in. It took over 50 minutes to get my car from valet and they immediately offered to comp my parking ($25 value). Free wifi too! Great customer service for a great price!
This is my first time staying in Philly and we chose this place because of location & price. 

It was only $99 a night without parking. The parking across the street was $29 for 24 hours however we needed to leave our car for longer. We ended up finding a parking lot (used spot hero) at the end of the street of the hotel for $28 for 2 days (hell yeah!). The lot was only a two minute walk from the hotel so it was well worth it. 

By the time we got there it was already 3pm so I can't comment on early check in but the staff (Will) was super friendly and polite and let us know our room was already clean and ready. 

Instead of going to our room we went straight to Chinatown. LOVE LOVE LOVE the food/drinks here. And it was only a block away from the hotel! 
The reading terminal (an inside food market) was also only a five minute walk from the hotel. Honestly I think the location for this place is amazing! Its around everything that we wanted. 

The actual hotel room surprised me. After reading all these reviews I thought we booked the wrong place. But as soon as I walked in I was greeted with nice wood floors in the corridor and a pretty decent sized room. It was very clean and I loved the storage. It was very modern and sleek, I wish I could take it home! 
I enjoyed the shampoo, conditioner, and soap dispensers in the shower, very cool. 

My only complaint is that the comforter was a little dirty around one of the edges but I just turned it around and all was good. 

Overall, I loved staying here. It was right next to all the good food, the neighborhood was safe, parking wasn't too much of a hassle, and it was cheap with good quality. I would definitely stay here again (:
In the midst of the corona virus pandemic they  will not give a refund or credit. What a piece of crap cooperation. I hope you lose a lot of money since you dont care about your guests
The Four Points seems quite new. Very clean and fresh feeling. 

Staff seems new to hotel service occupation - only one person at the front desk even with a long line. Friendly though. 

Restaurant food is good.  Room service is fast. Restaurant atmosphere is very quiet and seems empty all the time. 

The room is very clean and new.  However it is not designed for short people. I'm 5'1" and couldn't see out of the peephole or reach the mirror in the front hallway. 

Overall a good experience. Would return.
Woe is me for choosing this place because it's $30 cheaper per night than the Hilton Garden Inn (which I love staying in). While the room looks modern and quite spacious, I soon realized that I had made a bad bad BAD choice for staying here.

Behind the curtains were splatters of tiny red dots. I hope those were not blood because it would be gross. And ... yea. Their bed is not as comfortable as most hotels are. The pillows and blankets are all pilled. This makes it extremely uncomfortable for me to sleep in as it keeps poking me (I got the nickname "Princess and the pea" for a reason). 

The door cards stopped working on us on the second night. We had it re-scanned and yet only one of them worked. At that point, we were just too tired to try it again. They give you a complimentary bottle of water everyday because their tap water is GROSS!

They have a bar/restaurant next to the hotel. Never tried their food. There was a reason why I looked for a hotel near Reading Terminal and Chinatown. LOL. 

Their front desk staff could use some more hospitality training. Some of them were too chatty amongst each other. So chatty that I had to stand in front of them and wait till they are doing talking about some moot topic that I have no business to be apart of.

They have complimentary WiFi and computer/printer station by the front desk. With the WiFi bug going on, I did not used their WiFi but turned my phone into a hot spot instead. It's not really a bad hotel per say, but I doubt I'll return.
I stayed 2 nights  Nov8-10 2014.  I will list the pros and cons of this hotel.

Good features:

    I liked it being close to Reading Terminal Market. You can walk through the street/tunnel under the convention center and be there in 2 minutes. 

    The front desk staff are friendly and helpful.

     The internet is free,  free USA today, and free morning coffee by the elevator.  Room also the the usual one cup coffee maker but the coffee at the elevator is good where those in room machines everywhere are not so good.

     I found the bed extremely comfortable.  

     
     You also have a card you can hang on the door if you don't need any housekeeping.  If you hang it on the door the night before, someone comes around late at night and tallies the rooms that don't need cleaning and they slip a card under the door for $5 off --I think in the restaurant,---or you can get 500 Starwood points instead.  When I switched rooms  I failed to bring that so don't know exactly how the use would go.   However its a good idea to speed up housekeeping and often I don't want or need maids in my room. There was enough towels for a single person for a few days so for me it works!  

Bad features:

     Severe elevator issues here. Hopefully its only temporary, but one of the 2 never worked my entire stay.  The other had all sorts of issues.  It stopped on floors where nobody was. It would often take forever for the door to close and if people kept pressing buttons it only made it longer.   Maids were constantly in the elevator with HUGE carts they could barely push.  Getting to your room or getting out of the hotel was a hassle with this going on.

    Yes check in is late as check out is 1200 noon and housekeeping is struggling. Watching housekeeping you could tell there was major issues there and thus it takes forever to get a room. 

     Because of the elevator issues people were using stairs up and down.  Stairwells are also the place where housekeeping dumps the trash so there were bags of trash on many floors you go by.

     There is no soundproofing on the room dividers. Who knows what this building used to be but it really is unfit for a major brand hotel.  I could hear all the screaming and fighting of the lowlife next to me. I banged on the wall and told them to keep it down.  They decided to bang back and raise the level of noise!  Fortunately the front desk got me a new room. Smaller and not on the preferred room level, but the new room was quiet.

    Shower was large, has shampoo, conditioner, and bath gel in dispensers in the shower.  The shampoo and bath gel are the same stuff. It works though! 

    I am giving this 3 stars presuming they will get the elevator fixed, If you are going to book anytime soon I would call and ask if it is indeed working properly and if it isn't  DONT stay there.
This is probably one of the worst hotels I've ever stated.

It was difficult to find this hotel to being with because you would expect something something leading you to the hotel entrance (sign, parking, area to pull up for reception, etc). After circling around the block for about 10 minutes, we realize that the hotel is located on a busy, narrow, one-way street. When I tried to park, well...there wasn't free parking. There's a lot located across the street and its definitely not free. Cost me $22 for 12 hours.

After I parked, we walked up the narrow entrance to the hotel. Be careful as there are prostitutes, homeless people, and other locals that wander the street and loiter in front of the hotel. The entrance and lobby smelled like smoke. That's was a huge turn off. Checking in was standard, no issues there.

Up to my hotel room, we discovered that we had some issues with the furniture in the room. There were two broken lamps and the carpet felt like it hasn't been cleaned in years. One of the lamps has a broken shade and was bent outbid shape and the other had a completely broken fixture.

Into the night, the air conditioner kicked in and it sounded like a jet always about I take off. Scary enough because the unit was mounted in the wall but had huge vents.

Don't bother going to the overpriced restaurant. Food portion is extremely small and food price is quite shocking.
I don't know why everyone be hatin' on this hotel, it was great!  

OK, I should say that my experience with this hotel came after staying in another Sheraton in Philly and having a less-than-mediocre stay.  I found this hotel on Hotwire.com, so we got a great rate ($80/night).  The Four Points Sheraton is new and it's located right near the Reading Street Terminal, which is a train station hub right in Center City.  Their normal prices are about $99/night, which is still great for a hotel so close to Market Street.

Since the hotel is new, everything is nicely and neatly decorated.  The lobby is very inviting and has a really nice TV and computers with printer access.  Everything is new, so it's nice to just sit and relax for a few minutes by the TV with the morning paper (which is free for all guests).  Our check in was quick and we went right up to our room.

The rooms are a bit small, but everything is new and nice.  The bed took up most of the space, but a king bed is nice.  There's flat screen TVs in every room and a pretty good selection of cable channels.  There's a work station, as well, with hookups for laptops, phones, etc.  The desk sort of pulls out since the space is a bit small, but that's fine with me.  Two arm chairs made the room a bit more homey.  The bathroom was fairly large and had a nice, big shower.  Toiletries are replenished every morning if you need them and there's a hair dryer.  

Free WiFi everywhere in the hotel, including in your room.  You can even print 'from your room' using printme.com.  Just upload to that website, enter your print code downstairs and -voila- your document is there!  Free USA Today left right outside your door Monday-Friday (I really like the crossword puzzle).  Free bottled water and ice on your floor for cool beverages.  There's also a pretty cool ice bucket that you can take (for a charge) or order on their website.

I would definitely stay here again.  It didn't seem too crowded and the staff was really, really friendly.  There's a restaurant on-site that stays open pretty late.  They serve breakfast, lunch, dinner and late night snacks, so it's a good alternative to walking a few blocks to go to a sports bar.  The food was good, too, so definitely order some room service if you don't feel like going downstairs.  There's also a small convenient store in the lobby that sells a bit of food and bottled drinks in case you need to satisfy your hunger at 3 a.m.  Definitely better than the other Sheratons in the city.
I needed a hotel because the boyfriend coming from down south wanted to experience Philly for the whole weekend. Knowing the city very well, it's in a good enough location to get anywhere you want by walking or $5 cab ride ($8 on weekends). A plus is that you're a block away from the bustling china town with awesome food! We went there twice to eat. Parking is the tough pill to swallow. If you're not willing to find and feed the meter (street parking) every morning near the hotel, it'd be easier to leave your car in the parking lot across the street for $30 a day. Staying two nights, the parking lot was just the less bothersome option for us. The room/hotel seemed clean where it needed to be but there could be some improvements. Overall, me being a clean freak, I would still stay here again and recommend it to anyone.
This place will have deals on hotels.com so it'll seem enticing when you see the photos but don't be fooled. If it was priced $80-90 a night then it would make sense. I paid over a hundred. 

First things first, I booked weeks ago for business travel, called a week prior to check in to let them know I'm coming in on a red eye so arriving around 6-7 am and was hoping to check in quite early. I left a vm with a front desk manager, never got a call back.

Called a couple days later, spoke with a front desk person "no problem, but it'll depend on availability. call the night before to check in, I'll leave a note on your reservation." I called the night before, "it'll depend on availability but I can't make any promises. you'll just have to come in and see."

I arrive around 7 AM, the front desk person was the same I spoke to last on the phone. "it'll be $129 to check in this early. our check in is at 3 pm."
...
"I spoke with two other people who never mentioned an additional cost after telling them I'd be in early around 6-7 am."

"it's $129 for the additional night. there's a couch." aka armchair.

"is your manager here?"

"no."

"when will they be in?"

"soon."

"like...in an hour, in a couple minutes soon?"

"soon."

"will you please give me a more accurate time?"

"SOON." scoffs at me and glares. 

Another employee shows up at 7 am, I ask her, "hey, is that the supervisor?"

"...yep."

You can see where this is going. I spoke with the supervisor and got the extra night half priced. He was pleasant, I told him about being misinformed twice, he didn't respond to that and just processed my credit card. He was fine, but clearly doesn't really care. 

The hotel looks okay from the photos but once you're in a room you'll understand. Stained carpets, peeling paint, broken fixtures, it's just really blah. Don't do it, it's over priced and you'll have to deal with rude people who have no understanding of customer service.
Had a corner room with windows across all the walls. Pretty cool to see the skyline. The bed was ridiculously soft and comfortable. I fell asleep in probably two seconds. Very pretty and modern room. Super clean. Like super clean. The toiletries are mounted to the shower wall. It's nice because you don't have to worry about running out of shampoo, but something about the fact that someone could open and "contaminate" the soaps did cross my mind while showering. Can soap even get dirty?!?

Got this hotel using Hotwire. What a steal!
You'd never know how low cost the hotel was given the quality of service and the room. Everything was clean and tidy. Amenities of the room were as expected. Bed and linens were very comfortable. Super nice bathroom and it was extremely clean (you could smell the faintest hint of cleaning supplies.....a comforting thing).

What stood out was the quality of customer service. Checked in, was greeted warmly and given a photocopy of a handwritten letter from the manager for a free drink at the hotel restaurant (no purchase needed). It was a nice little touch that I appreciated; the free drink to mellow out after traveling goes a long way.

Here's the biggie: I arrived at my room and received a call about 10 minutes later asking if I was happy with the location/condition/amenities of my room and if I would like to switch or request extra towels. I stated I was good...they again told me not to hesitate if there was any way they could make my stay more comfortable.

I think that's so awesome for the front desk to follow up with me like that. I had no complaints, but it seemed so genuine for them to make that call and ASK me to find anything unsatisfactory so they could work hard to bring it up to par. This is a place that aims to please.

Great location, free bottle of water in your room (again, small but I appreciate them not trying to nickel and dime me for everything). Free wifi that was good enough for netflix streaming.

Would happily recommend this place to anyone staying in Philadelphia.


I suggest trying to get a room as high up as possible though...you are in Philadelphia and the street traffic is noticeable....it didn't bother me one bit, but if you're a light sleeper, it's something worth requesting.
Overall, a very clean hotel with spacious rooms and bathrooms. Clean and a comfortable stay. Extremely convenient location - close to Reading Terminal Market, Chinatown, and Market East Station Gallery Mall.

However, we had a very mixed experience for the following experience:

1. Housekeeping was absolutely frustrating to deal with. We stayed from 7/2-7/16, clearly one of their longest staying customers. However, in this stay, we had inconsistent housekeeping, where random items would be omitted and beds would not be made. On 6 occasions, our room was actually left unattended. Housekeeping leaves by 3-4 PM, so we were left without service until the next day, where we had to HOPE that housekeeping would do their job. The in-house staff had to bring us fresh towels and toiletries in the meantime, which is NOT their job but they were understanding nonetheless. Ultimately, we escalated the issue by calling the housekeeping manager and leaving voicemails regarding our dissatisfaction (we never received a follow-up call from them). Front desk intervened immediately by checking in personally on housekeeping. It took until our last day before our room was done completely right with all items replaced and beds made. As the front desk said to me: "this is not our way." I certainly hope not.

2. We actually ended up staying in 2 rooms during our stay. The first room had a broken air conditioner (keep in mind this is during high heat and humidity up in the high 90s). We had to bear the heat, and the technicians kept coming in to make "adjustments," but it ultimately didn't change anything. We had no choice but to move to a different room.

I am most pleased with the 2 ladies at the front desk who helped us so much. I appreciate their gestures in terms of compensation for our dissatisfaction, as well as with requests that we had (e.g. faxing, taxi calls etc.). They were a delight to work with, and honestly, I would rate this hotel higher if it weren't for the poorly trained and unaccountable housekeeping. Huge attitude problem and unresponsive.
Meh... I have most def. experienced better! 
When we first arrived we were told that valet would be about $24 a night. It would also take valet about 30 minutes to bring the car to the front when needed. So we ended up parking across the street for $60 for three nights- park and lock. When we walked into our first room it smelled so bad of weed and cigarettes. Apparently the room next door to ours was having a very loud get together. We were then moved to the 7th floor where the shower knob was falling off and would not let us turn the water on and off normally. So we were moved to a corner room on the 8th floor. Rooms were on the smaller side, bed did its role, bathroom was nice! 
After all our three moves to different rooms we asked for a refund on our first night. Management never contacted us, however, when we arrived home we found out we got our night refunded. 
Save your time and money (over $200 a night). We will be taking our business elsewhere on future trips.
Rooms are fine, clean. Restaurant is horrible!! 

I had to eat three meals there because it was raining and I couldn't get out to nearby Reading Market.

The breakfast buffet is weak; I recommend ordering something fresh cooked from the menu and go into Chinatown for dinner or to Reading Market.
Had a pleasant stay here.  The people working in the front were very kind, even sharing with us the places to go (and not to go to) in Philadelphia.  The location is great!  Walking distance from Chinatown (sooooo many food options) and not far away from all other touristy sites at all.  Parking is NOT included, but you can buy 24 hour parking passes at the lot right across the street (a little under $40).  Overall, would definitely stay again!
What I liked:
1. If I had to pick something (this is hard to do), I would say that the front desk slightly redeemed themselves when they brought me a toothbrush upon learning that I left mine at home.

What I didn't like:
1. Delayed check-in - I was rushing to get to my room to take a conference call for a business trip when I was told that I would have to wait for 20 minutes to check-in.  I can be patient, but there was no solution offered when I suggested that I needed a quiet place to take a call.  Instead, I was directed to a sofa in the noisy lobby where I could wait with the others.
2. Given the limited bar/restaurant hours, I checked out the lobby convenience store only to find that my only options for a late lunch were Pringles and Snickers.
3. Literally, the wrong side of the tracks.  This is not a super safe neighborhood as it's located on a rather desolate side of the convention center.  I did not feel safe walking anywhere alone.
4. Walls were paper thin - I heard my neighbor's exploits well into the evening.

Overall Verdict: I would shop around before deciding to stay here again (including Air BNB or staying with a friend).
I scored a reservation through Priceline at a whopping discount. At first, I was scared of Four Points. What kind of crappy lower-class Sheraton did I get myself into? Instead, we found our experience here to be more than satisfactory. They switched us out of a room that was too loud, fresh baked cookies awaited our arrival every afternoon, and water was complimentary. 

+Next door to Reading Terminal Market
+Next door to Chinatown
+Free water
+Free internet
+Free cookies
+Switched us out of room that was too noisy

- ~$30/night valet
- a little secluded at night
When checking into a hotel there are a few certain details for which I greatly appreciate.  
1.  It's nice to walk into a room that has a clean smell or none at all.  They had this.
2.  It's nice to have updated features like a nice bathroom, nice lights,  flat screen tv with a working remote and plenty of channels.  They nailed this.  Great shower!  Nice flat screen!  Remote worked and seemed to be clean.
3.  A decent air conditioning system that doesn't keep me up all night turning loudly on and off.  umm,, This was more of a warehouse powered unit that could've cooled the Sahara but didn't have a way to ease it off.  Full blast every minute or so, on all the time, or completely off.  Freeze, awake every few minutes, or sweat.
4.  Updated mattress and sheets/comforter.  FAIL!!!  They had put a mattress pad over top of the 20 year old mattress to cheaply attempt to make it better.  The covers consisted of one of those fake wool brown blankets that made me feel like I was at my grandparent's house and a comforter that I didn't even want to touch.
5.  Wireless internet.  Partial Fail!!  They had it but I may have well been using dial-up.  It's frustrating when even g-mail chat keeps dropping because the connection is too slow.
6.  Lastly is the food.  If you're in any kind of hurry in the morning forget it.
Place is a dump.  Our room was stinky.  We went to complain to the manager Steve and he was a total jerk. Basically tried to blame us for expecting cleanliness in the room! I would NEVER recommend this hotel to anyone. I have stayed at really nice Sheratons... Not this one. Skip this hotel. Not worth the movey...unless you like bad management and a crappy room.
Not worthy of the Sheraton name.  Stayed here because they boast they are within 20 minutes or so of Sesame Place.  In reality, with traffic, it took us nearly an hour and a half.  The hotel staff was rude and everything was broken.  The elevator wasn't working, ice machine on the second floor was pouring water into the hallway, and the pool was shut down.  The food buffet was among the worst we had ever seen. There were homeless people hanging out in the parking lot and shady looking "women of the evening" were in the lobby.  Definitely not a place to take a family.
What a horrible decision we made to stay here. The fire alarm went off at 5:45am with no actual fire. We called the front desk to make sure everything was ok and they told us to stay in our rooms. Once we looked out the window, we noticed everyone evacuated and multiple fire trucks were outside! We packed our bags and ran down the fire escape as fast as we could. It is now 6:30am and we're told we can go back to our rooms - no real fire. 

Best part is, the smoke alarm is still flashing and ringing. 

A lady outside mentioned that this has happen 4x since she's been here. 

What a mess. Do not stay here.

*UPDATE*
 It's 6:51am and the alarms are STILL going off!!!
We booked a room here and were told a the day prior to our reservation that they had "overbooked." While I never stayed here their staff was less then helpful. They claimed they could not book us anywhere close to the center city hotel and our only options were in south or north philadelphia. We were not compenstated for the cab fairs we would not have had to pay, had we been able to stay in our origional location. In fact we recieved no compensation to make up for their terrible organizational skills. My suggestion is only book here if your a risk taker who enjoy the idea that they may kick you out the day before your reservation.
Eh, this place is fine. 

It's a Sheraton, so it ain't exactly the Ritz (probably the only time in my life that I will use that expression, unless of course, I write another hotel review).

However, for less than $100 on Hotwire.com, the location alone is worth it. 

My girlfriend and I stayed here for two nights, which happened to be the same weekend as a gigantic ladies' barbershop quartet competition taking place in the hotel. There were like 3000 women there, all hoping to gain immortality in the ultra competitive world of women's barbershop quartetery (wouldn't it technically be a "salon quartet" or "gettin' your hair did while your home girls get their Whitney on" competition?). 

Consequently, every time we stepped foot into the elevator, we were immediately bombarded with enthusiastic middle-aged women trying to persuade us to alter our vacation plans and come to their shows. We smiled and said we'd try to make it, knowing whole-heartedly that we'd much rather take pictures of ourselves punching Rocky in the crotch than listen to these people singing show tunes without any instruments or pyrotechnics. 

Back to the hotel...

Our room was adequate, with a nice view of the city. The beds were comfortable, albeit overdressed, with at least three, possibly four, sheets underneath the comforter. The bathroom was a typical hotel bathroom and the television was older than my 93-year old grandmother's TV. 

It was your average mid-range hotel, with the exception of the seriously crappy TV.

The complimentary coffee was made by Starbucks and there were two types of Tazo tea offered, but that's nothing special. 

I'm going to end this review now, because nothing about this hotel has inspired any creative thoughts.

In sum, it's a decent hotel in a good location.
When the cab dropped me off after dark I was a little worried, but once inside the tastefully decorated lobby and friendly, helpful staff eased my fears. I ate twice in the small but inviting restaurant/bar off the lobby where the service is impeccable but perhaps they need a new chef. My corner room on the 9th floor, although not large, was clean and modern with great views of the city in two directions, wall-mounted flat-screen TV, and duvets on the bed, which I much prefer to bedspreads. I'd love to have those thick glass shower doors and gorgeous bathroom sink in my house. Location-wise you can hardly beat it since you can walk to the Liberty Bell, Convention Center, Reading Terminal Market and Chinatown. There was some trouble with our keys working, but that was a minor inconvenience. I'd definitely stay there again.
Just okay hotel, in need of major refresh. Not a 'real' Sheraton! Old worn out ?? 'modern', not sure if from late 80s or early 90s. Rooms are small, not much storage space for clothes and no ice machine to be found. Noisy AC. No refrigerator or minibar which I don't mind. 

Can't turn shower on without getting your arm wet. Rooms and public areas dirty. 

Individually wrapped plastic cups are a nice touch. They have hooks strategically placed and a porthole frosted window to the bathroom, I guess to portray the room as an ocean liner suite (I could only wish!) 

Fast (free) WiFi (but get more central room if you want that.)

See pictures, including that one with carpet stains of questionable origin. Staff pleasant and helpful.

PS: Wife came in for weekend and immediately checked us out. Ended up in very nice Marriott at the Convention Center for $30 less (but no free WiFi!)

PSS: Don't believe the 5 Star reviews on the Sheraton website (or here on Yelp.) Sheraton has the unusual policy of not posting reviews until at least 5 have been written - I guess to filter out less than stellar remarks from occasional reviewers on their site like me.
This hotel was pretty great. The room and bathroom were clean, the bed was comfy, and the price was reasonable. Also, we requested a later check out of 1pm and they approved it which was nice. 

My only beef is that upon check out they said our bill was paid ahead of time so we were set to go. We asked if we could leave our luggage with them for about an hour so we could go have brunch. They said yes. We pick everything up no problem. Everything was fine until we see that they tacked on a separate extra $70 charge after we checked out, we assume to be for the luggage. Would've been fine if they warned us but they didn't mention it at all.
This was my least favorite hotel I've stayed in Philadelphia. Here's why:

Although it's near several city attractions, this is not a nice neighborhood. I didn't feel safe being in the immediate vicinity after dark, and used cabs more than I usually do as a result. There was no doorman or other hotel personnel stationed up front, either, which might have helped with some of the lack of safety (such as pandhandlers standing immediately outside the hotel doors).

The room was ok, but only just. As others have mentioned, it was quite small. In particular, it was uncomfortable to set up my laptop on the desk, as I was either smooshed in a tiny space between the desk and bed. If I sat on the bed, I was too high above the desk to comfortably see my screen. Problems! I also overheard a lot of noise from my neighbors when they returned to their room late at night.

On the positive side, the Internet connection was free and reliable, and the room was clean. I also found the staff very competent and personable.

By the way, my room rate was $309. $309! I know it's because there are a lot of conventions in this part of the city right now and high demand for rooms, but I still can't quite get over that price tag. Absolutely not worth that price if you can find an alternative.
Ok was here for a friends wedding and the hotel was not my choice to stay at had I known better I would have stayed somewhere else. 

Good Points: 

1. Super close to China Town (I am an addict of Asian food) 
2. I guess cheaper than most places 
3. The lobby is very nice
4. The bar is nice for a late night drink 
5. If you are going to a convention it is sooper close
6. Bathroom is nice :) 
7. The people at the hotel were very nice
8. Check in and checkout sooper easy. 

Bad Points: 

1. The rooms are WAYYYYY small....You feel like you have no space to do anything (Literally there is 2 feet of space around the bed and that is it....then they try to cram way too much furniture in the room) 
2. If you need a cab (good luck finding one) you need to walk like 3 blocks with luggage to hail one down.
3. I heard breakfast was gross....I did not venture after I heard this 
4. The views are terrible 

If you are on a tight budget and just looking for somewhere to catch a few ZZZZ's and sightsee the rest of the time this is the place for you.
This is just a nothing hotel with it's only positive being it is relatively close to a bunch of things so we could walk. And the room was clean.

It was also tiny. We had a King Room and the bed basically touched 3 walls (picture that in your head). So small. So, so small. The bed itself was meh. Just, there. The pillows were so soft and weak that you needed to fold two of them to get any neck support.

Now, I don't want to sound cynical, but this room was expensive so you kind of expect more than this for your money.

On top of that, we were told check-in was at 3. Most hotels do early check-ins if you're there early, which they couldn't accommodate. Understandable, as they said they were full the night before. So, we got there around 1, found out we couldn't check in until 3, and then walked around the city, got some food, returned at 3:15 and were told there were no rooms yet. We waited until AFTER 5 for a room. Whaaaaat?! And since we checked out by 11am, we basically paid all that money for 17 hours in this tiny, expensive, kinda clean room.

Sheraton, I expected more from you.

(review has been cross-posted)
I loved this hotel. First, it is right across the street from the convention center -- so convenient. Secondly, the hotel staff run the place like they are a family. Everyone pitched in to help each other serve the guests. Does it need a little updating -- perhaps in some places, but my room was perfect and clean. I loved being able to go downstairs each morning for a satisfying and reasonably priced breakfast that came out quickly.  There is a stand of decent free coffee in the lobby if you need some for the day. Then, if you want to stay in for dinner there was a no-frills menu with some nice available draft beer.  If you choose to go out, there are several places within walking distance to have dinner. If you want to do the tourist thing, you are within walking distance of the beautiful city hall, and an $8.00 cab ride to the Rocky steps that lead to the Philadelphia Museum of Art -- which is lovely. None of this is for those of you who wear the fancy-pants, but if you want something solid, comfortable, and for a decent price, this is your place.
First time stay. I usually visit Philly 2-3 times a year and have stayed at other properties in the area.

Decent location at 12th and Race near attractions such as Reading Terminal Market, the Convention Center, Chinatown. Access to everything is pretty easy, as it's only a walk or quick cab ride away.

I tried to check in at 1pm on a Saturday...unfortunately rooms weren't ready as housekeeping were still going through the rooms after everyone had checked out. No big deal though - they will hold your luggage and will give you a call as rooms became available.

I went ahead and went to an attraction out in Bucks County. I was on my way back to the city when I'd gotten the call that rooms were ready (this was around 3pm).

Check-in was quick and easy....got a room on the top floor. Room was a good size, clean and had all the usual amenities. HDTV, free WiFi. The bathroom was pretty spacious too, with a huge shower and gym-shower style dispensers for shampoo and body wash (they also have these at the Aloft hotels).

My room was near the end of the corridor so it was pretty quiet for the most part. The view was pretty good too. 

There's a parking lot across 12th St that charges $34 a night...a bit on the pricier side. Spaces prioritized for hotel guests are on the perimeter. The lot is not monitored. There are cheaper lots close-by if you don't mind walking a bit. 

I didn't try the hotel restaurant - I never do honestly because they're so many other choices in the vicinity. 

The immediate area is a lot safer than it used to be thanks to the expansion of the Convention Center. A few stragglers here and there but that's to be expected in any large city.
Great location to convention center.
Great support staff.
Manager is lacking all management and personal skills--so don't let anything go wrong!!
Hotel is disgusting.  Sleep in your car rather than this place.  No Covid protocol let alone any protocol.  I'd give them a zero or less if there was an option.  Lots of good places in Philly.  Find something else.  Bugs and bloody sheets!  Hotel smells like weed.  Stained lobby furniture- likely someone peed on it.
I seen a roach as soon as I checked in , later I fall asleep and wake up my body is burning & itching only to find out  there's bedbugs too! Surprise !!!
Went here to attend the dinner detective. The food came out absolutely cold - appetizers and entrees! There were only 2 servers for a room with 10 tables (100 people in total) with only 3 water jugs! After complaints, the servers put the chicken entrees in the one and only MICROWAVE. The male manager (or so he claimed!) was reluctant to come and speak with us and when he eventually did, was pretty rude and unapologetic... And he was dressed in jeans. The F&B female manager was better to talk to and with the dinner detective manager decided to refund us the money for the dinner.
