Check in time is after 2pm, check out time is at noon. I got to Philadelphia about 6pm at night and checking in was super fast and easy at the front desk. The employees are super friendly and helpful. They always had a smile as I walk pass them. 

For 3 nights I stayed in a room with a king size bed, the view wasn't that great. I was on the fifth floor so my view was the top of the men's warehouse rooftop but that didn't bother me. 

The room was clean and spotless, bathroom seems clean. I like how there was a lot of room to move around with the small sitting area.

*Pros

-Sofa (pull out bed)
-FREE one bottle of water (Daily)
-Refrigerator
-Microwave
-Coffee Machine 
-Plenty of closet space 
-Seating area
-Hair Dryer
-Shampoo
-Conditioner
-Body Wash


There's also a gym and a pool that I walked pass. 

There's tons of stores such as 
-Dollar tree
-Marshall's
-Burlington Coat Factory
-Carters

and fast food and restaurants such
-KFC
-Mickie D's 
-Subway
-Hooters
-Checkers 
and a lot of local restaurants too. 


*Cons

-Rooms are super dim even with all the hotel lights on. 
-Breakfast Buffet is $12 and it taste gross 
-Housekeeper kept knocking from 7am to 8am everyday to see if I checked out yet.
Wow is all I can say....

Do not proceed past go lol. There are so many negatives, just stay somewhere else, that is if you want clean sheets, flooring,  freezer, or a comfy and CLEAN bed.....oh and furniture that hasn't been chewed.

The layer of dust is unreal. The grime and dirtiness was wow.  We purchased the room through Groupon which has been successful with many other rooms/items. This time nah. We stayed for a little under an hour, attempted to get a refund or transfer to another hotel....no go because we booked through a third party. Whatever....we packed up and drove 3 hrs back home because the infant which I advised them of during the booking process had an allergic reaction to the dog hair and dust because apparently the rooms on the first floor are for those with service dogs and pets..... so why would you have someone with an infant stay there.....or anyone honestly.  No words.....well only colorful words can express how I really feel, lol. 

I really could go on....but what for....I have pictures of the wonderful conditions....but what for. Just don't.
Touted as being newly remodeled, and providing a "5 star experience" I have gone into great detail to describe why this dive does not even deserve 1 star!
I thought I was going to be a experiencing a "5 Star" experience, only to be completely disappointed by an experiencing an environment that really does not even qualify for a One Star experience!

This is listed as a remodeled room! What a joke!
The furnishings are second hand tacky garage sale quality! 

Bathroom fixtures corroded


There is apparently no one ever staying in your place that ever wants to venture to South Philadelphia, because there are absolutely no instructions available. But, thanks to our waitress at Applebee's, we got downtown and back without a problem.

I asked Emily, in passing if you provided a free shuttle to one of the transit stations, she said within a 5 mile radius, so South bound would be as far as "Torresdale Station".

We took the #14 bus to Frankford Trans Staton and used a transfer to take the Frankford-Market line into the city. We noticed that the "Erie-Torresdale Station" was three stops closer to the city. 

Upon returning to your Hotel, Emily was at the front desk. I asked her if the Shuttle could just drop is off at the Frankford station since seemed closer.

She told me no way because it was more than 5 miles. She was referring to the Amtrack - Torresdale, which I had also noticed earlier, based on the map I had, they appeared to be nearly the same distance. She informed me of my misunderstanding. She sarcastically offered to "Google it" for me so I said sure. Then she was interrupted by several phone calls and by that time I was feeling insulted and very frustrated by her lack of ability to be civil, let alone professional, on top of the disappointing accommodations and experiences I had so far. I asked to speak to the manager and she not only informed me the SHE was the manager AND the shuttle manager as well. Then I asked to speak to HER boss and she informed me that HE, the GM would be here in the morning and I could talk to him then. I asked her if she could pass along my complaint and she said she would.

It may sound petty of me, but the whole point of getting to Frankford Station is to avoid the transfer fee. Taking a free shuttle to the Amtrack - Torresdade station wastes my time and I still have to pay for a transfer to exit the train and board the L at Frankford-Market station.

My perception of Emily is that she was more interested in arguing with me and being RIGHT, than actually UNDERSTANDING me and making me feel heard and provide excellent "Bring them back" CUSTOMER SERVICE.
The reason my companion and I are here is because we are attending an advanced certification conference for Registered Nurses, being held at a near by Mexicali care facility. We live in California and COULD have chosen to attend the same conference in Anaheim, CA, FOR A LOT LESS MONEY! 
Instead, we CHOSE to spend OUR money and pay more to attend in Philadelphia because we had never been here, or the East Coast before. We CHOSE to stay HERE because it was recommended by the hosts of the conference.

I seriously doubt that your hotel will EVER appear on their list of lodging recommendations in the future.

I will NEVER stay at anything by Four Points again, NEVER!

I am seriously considering spending the rest of my stay at a different lodging establishment.'
11/21/21 So surprised to see marginal reviews here. I loved my stay here at the Four Points.  I booked my room in the special rooms blocked off for my daughter's wedding. If you do book, I recommend signing up for their "Bonvoy" program. I know I know, "ugh- not another ap?!" 

Through Bonvoy, I requested to have my room ready by noon and it was!   No early extra check in fees either.  I liked that perk.

Some points for improvement-

*The lady who we checked in with was nice, the woman we checked out with had an attitude. 

* I think it's petty to charge extra to use the safe in the room too. 

*Also I would have liked more plentiful coffee and creamers-sweeteners to go with the cute one cup in room coffee maker. 

Lots that I loved here. I love the fact that there is plenty of parking.  My room was beautiful and large! I had a sofa bed, and a chair. The room was spotless and clean! The bed was so comfortable and the room was quiet. I wouldn't hesitate to stay here. I was thankful the room was comfortable and clean. Great toasty warm heating system too. Everything was ultra quiet.

My room was updated and modern. Nice bathroom with a great flow of hot water in the shower. It was amazing! 

I would definitely re-book at this hotel in a New York minute!
No idea why so many people hate this place, but maybe I'm just lucky enough to have shown up after a major renovation. First, the front desk staff was really nice most of the time. I only encountered one weird girl and I think it was because English was her second language and she was sincerely having trouble understanding me.

The rooms are HUGE compared to most hotels, and look nice. I mean, it's not a luxury suite, but the floor space is awesome. My friend and I never felt crowded and their king bed was big as well (I swear it was larger than a king?) and super comfy. Everything was really clean, room service was expensive but hella worth it when we were hungover after partying with the bride-to-be, and I loved that they have dispensers for shampoo / conditioner / body wash in the shower instead of those annoying tiny bottles that you basically have to do the cha-cha with while naked to get enough out to actually use. Installing dispensers? Genius.

I seriously loved this hotel, it's in a safe spot, there's a liquor store and lunch/dinner spots in a shopping center behind it, and while it takes forever to get anywhere in Philadelphia because of their insane roads this seemed to be well-located. Also, parking was ample.

The only reason they dropped a star is that I saw ONE tiny cockroach in the hallway when I went to get ice one night and I screamed like a girl and ran back to my room. I never saw one in the room, and everything was super clean, (trust me, I checked) but then I know how hard they are to get rid of when people are always opening and closing doors, so I forgive them. Wish I'd had the chance to try the food place downstairs in-person, but we spent most of our time with our friend.
Beware! Hotel has a severe bedbug infestation, and their workaday solution is to hand you another set of sheets and 2 Benadryls. The General Manager could care less and deals with complaints by hiding behind the excuse of company policy and insurance companies. No, we are not contemplating legal recourse, but Jack H. and the Starwood group are in the hospitality industry and merely look at their bottom line while devaluing concepts such as reputation (as shown by its poor ratings across the board), customer good will and general human decency. Luckily travelers have other options--it wouldn't be a stretch to say that your money may even be better spent at some roach motel.
I travel FT for work and this is in the top 3 worst hotels I've been in.    If it weren't so close to where I'm working this week I'd leave.   Nice hotel. Great burger at the bar downstairs.  Dee, bartender, hilarious.   Nice front desk folks.   However, with that being said, the room is filthy.   Curtains visibly soiled in multiple spots.  Bathroom filthy. Layers of dirt and grime.    Bobby pin found on floor upon checking in to the room (I don't wear bobby pins nor have long hair).  Desk table area with very poor lighting.   Shower adjustment just spins and spins.   Weird built in old "vintage" closet thing.    The deal breaker was the kinky curly hair in the 1 bed.   I slept in the other obviously.   The room is very cold.  Huge windows, but tons of air coming in through the AC unit.  Sooo cold.    Keep looking.  I'll never return.
One of the most disturbing stays I have ever had in a Sheraton.  Police have been here multiple times, probably to deal with the female "traffic"observed in the hallways. Too many groups of young adults just hanging out by elevators, front door and lobby. Very uncomfortable walking around hotel. Thank goodness hotel security was present.  Rooms very outdated, electrical outlets broken, heating unit noisy, shower curtain dirty or moldy, etc.  Hate this area's roads, very poorly planned, takes 10 turns and 5 traffic lights to go 2 miles.  Lots of restaurants but ridiculously difficult to get around. Would not stay here again.
I see so many bad reviews & I feel for them. Every time I stay at this location (Its local) I have a good experience. The hotel has been upgraded. Rooms aren't as big as a a sister hotel I've stayed in out of state but it is nice non the less. My only complaint is the indoor pool area could be bigger. When it's kids in the pool you can just forget it if you wanted some quiet pool time
This is a decent hotel, nice rooms, clean, inexpensive and for all of that, i'd say SURE, stay here if you are in the area. Its even pet friendly! :)

BUT

I booked a block of room here for my wedding...eeek! Never again. From the beginning it was nothing but a disater. The inserts for invitation were wrong, or not at the front desk when I went to get them. Then people tried to book rooms with our wedding block and they said the hotel was full and tried to book them at the airport location. 

Silly me, I then tried to book a banquet room for the day after, my sales associate was unresponsive, the second one stood me up at our appointment to look at the rooms and then never returned my calls.

To top off this wonderful experience, I dropped off welcome bags for my guests the night before check in. I had a looooong conversation with the frot desk associate about getting them out, boxes of them were labeled with the days people would check in!!! Don't you know, they checked in and...yep.... no bags! Awesome. When I called, the same woman I spoke to the night before told me that I told her no one was checking in until later in the week. Clearly she wasn't listening r reading the boxes that were clearly marked.

There are a few people in this facility that have brains. I will call them out by name, if perhaps for some reason you have to use this hotel for something like this. (Unfortunately its close to me so I use it often for guests) Jason, Sales Manager. Awesome. He was able to deal with my bridezilla tantrum with class and SOLVE the issue. Shakira, awesome. Anytime I called looking for info, she had it and FIXED issues. Brittany, awesome. She works in the hotel and has any answers you need there. I'd deal with those people, or no one at all.

All and all, its been difficult....was it worth it? To have my family here and close to my home, sure. Just make sure you double check everything and babysit everythinggggg. haha or call Jason. :)
This place is getting these three stars only because check-in was quick, parking is free & I got a special rate for one night for my daughter's graduation here in Philadelphia.

The hotel needs to be updated. The room had a funny smell. The bedding had a super strong scent of bleach. The bed made noise like if it was broken. The floor outside of the bathroom was very sticky. Like if it was mopped & not rinsed maybe. No full body mirror at all to look at yourself once dressed. The shower curtain was stained.

The good thing is they have a microwave and refrigerator in the room, for those that like to bring back leftovers from dinner or whatever. 

Glad I'm only staying one night & most likely won't be back here.
This was the hotel my boyfriend and I stayed at during our three day trip in Philadelphia. It is about 15 minutes away from the downtown area of the restaurants we tried and the places we visited. I love how our hotel was situated near by shopping complexes and restaurants.

The staff at the hotel were okay. The hotel is pretty clean and organized. Their fitness center was rather small and there's an indoor pool too.

Our room had a king size bed, refrigerator + freezer, microwave, and a lot more. The furniture in the room looked pretty old - could use an upgrade. When we ran out of towels and such, the housekeeping brought what we needed in minutes.  
 
I guess my only complaints were that the furniture was very outdated and the staff wasn't the friendliest.
stayed here this past weekend and i was extremely disappointed. I was expecting excellent guest service since they are sheraton, but to my dismay, i felt like i booked at a motel 5.

Front desk employees aren't really helpful. they demand that we bring them our used towels to get new ones, instead of the cleaning lady just getting it. we booked for 2 double beds because we were with our daughter, but instead they gave us 1 bed with 1 roll away bed.

there were yellow stains in the beddings, and the bathroom ceiling has gunks. I asked for extra pillows and they provided me a makeshift pillow (its a blanket folded and then put in a pillow case.

we had to stay in the city for an extra night, but we just can't bear to stay in that hotel anymore, we drove 15 mins away and checked in Sheraton Bucks County.

I will not recommend Four points by Sheraton in Philadelphia Northeast to anyone.
Stayed here a few weeks ago (forgot to yelp about it until now).

Definitely not an awe-inspiring, architectural  masterpiece... but it did its job.

Bathrooms are nice and modern-esque, bed was adequate. My room (being at the end of the hallway), was nice and roomy.

Free in-room wifi - good.
Refrigerator (empty -- not a mini-bar) + microwave - good (I sometimes order more than I can eat).
Walking distance to a good handful of eateries - good.
Indoor pool - good. No hot tub - not so good.

Not so goods:
- Housekeeping missed a few spots (the in-room "information sheets" were pretty nasty -- previous guests must've spilled soda or some other liquid on them)
- The "fitness center" is... lacking. One multi-purpose weight machine, one workout bench, one 2 treadmills, 1 elliptical, and 1 bike. But... it did have dumbbells up to 50-60lbs (or was it 70?)

You get what you pay for here... but because it's nowhere close to my work (or downtown Philly), I don't think I'll be returning.
As architect Louis Sullivan said, Form Follows Function." Unfortunately, when Sheraton bought this property, which used to be a Doubletree Club Hotel, they ignored this lesson.  They renovated the room with flat-screen, widescreen TVs, but kept the ghostly analog signal.  They installed dysfunctional wall units with minimal drawer space and a too-small roll-out desk. They replaced the bathroom fixtures with hard-to-use alternatives, and they took out the Au Bon Pain, replacing it with an inferior offering. 

Those are just a few of the mistakes that turned this halfway decent hotel into one that's not worth wasting the too-much-money Sheraton charges.
Hotel is OK.  A little oudated and could use a ittle more TLC.  Free WiFI, pool is acceptable and fitness center is fine.  Walking distance to food/stores.  It seems like they are trying to improve since some of the other posts.
Last year, on Labor Day weekend, our seventeen year old son requested that he could attend a multi-day concert in Center City.  With so much going on downtown, plus the fact that he was a new driver, we decided to stay in the city, so that he could Uber his way back to our hotel.
The only place available was here in the Northeast at the Four Points Sheraton.  As we approached the hotel, it looked like it had seen better days.  As we entered, and got to our room, we were so right in our evaluation.
When I tried to complain about the room conditions after our stay, I was asked for our confirmation numbers etc.  I tried to give the national contact center our name in order to match it with those who stayed in the hotel. Maybe this is done as an extra privacy measure. I don't know.
I'm the room, there were stains, rust, cracks and collapsing drywall etc.  it was one of the worst rooms in which I ever stayed.
The next morning, we tried their breakfast.  One woman was working hard, while the rest of the staff were invisible.  My food had eggshells within it.  The buffet area was not very attractive either.
Since the hotel chain was warned that I would be posting these photos unless someone spoke to me, the time has come to do so.  The quality of the room, and its price were outrageous.  The owners should invest more money in the upkeep of the facility.  Terrible place!
Horrendous staff in an aging facility.. Rooms smell like smoke. No dressers to put your clothes in.  Stayed here with 30 other families for a hockey tournament because it was recommended by the rink.  But they do not seem to want to have large bookings based on their unprofessional demeanor in harassing congregations of adults looking to socialize between games.  Broken ice machine had a sign on it that it was out of order but the sign was pretty old, so not sure why something as simple as maintenance of an ice-maker would take so long to fix. Just another indication of the lack of effort they have to keep their hotel up to standards.
I wish I could give no stars.
I pre payed for the room, yet when they asked for a credit card for incidentals they charged me for the room twice. Nobody working knew how to fix it and gave me a number to the property account, who would not call me back for days, and when he did call me back (after I wrote the property manager an e-mail) still didn't know how to really fix it, and asked why did I want him to call back about the situation.  This is first reason why they have horrible customer service.

The room I was in was next to the elevator and was extremely loud ever time the elevator ran and the bathroom wall had a hole in it that was giving off an odor. When I brought this up to the people working the front desk they were all in training and the manager was not working.

The person cleaning the room kept changing the temperature of the room, so during the week I was there every day I got back from a long day working the room was freezing, and again nobody could fix this problem.

This hotel was so bad I did not stay the last day even thou I had already payed for it
I have been to this Four Points Sheraton two times in the past. The first was under odd circumstances so I'd rather not go into it, but lets just say that the first experience was -meh. 

I had the opportunity to stay here again, and I called ahead of time and checked their availability, I was pretty sure they'd have a room (which they did) and imagine my surprise when I mentioned that I was a federal employee and wondered if they offered a discount and they obliged. (Squeeee!!!!). I had my Gov't ID with me, so it was a breeze. 

The front desk clerk was very gracious and even gave me two complimentary breakfast buffet coupons for myself and my spouse. Cool. Free food in the AM is the way I get down! We walked to our room, and I noticed there was an elderly couple trying to open the door to the room we had been assigned. They seemed pretty pleasant, but perhaps they were an elderly Bonnie/Clyde cat burglar duo... I had to use caution. 

When I asked if they were trying to get into room XXX the husband showed me the door key and said " Hey they gave us this room just now.". I thought that was odd because I literally had just walked away from the counter and was certain about the room number. We both tried our door keys which of course BOTH worked. 

Bonnie and Clyde then said to us "Hey you two seem like a nice couple, so you just take the room, we'll get another one". We all went to the counter and explained the situation and after apologies from the concierge, they gave Bonnie and Clyde another room, you know one with old people stuff in it like Ben Gay, Complimentary Polident and an AARP Magazine. 

The bed was comfy, although there wasn't much room between the TV and the bed itself. The flat screen is nice, but honestly if its about 7 inches from your face its still too close. LOL. 

The breakfast buffet was pretty decent. They had the standard fare of cereal and fruit, juice and pastries. But man oh man, they also had eggs (powdered) and corn beef hash and other hot items. I believe they had waffles but they only lasted about .002 seconds on my husbands plate so I cant be sure... its all a blur. 

All in All, I'd stay here again, assuming they keep the old biddies away.
Poorly  maintained hotel . 

Hotel need to be shut down immediately for some time and need a full upgrade . Carpets are badly stained and they have a bad odor smell . Carpets need to be totally replaced with new once . Bathroom floor need to be clean with professionals . My foot were sticking to the floor in the room and bathroom . So disgusting . This hotel needs a total upgrade .

Internet is too slow . 
Bugs every where 
Horrible smell in the rooms and hall way
Dirty bathrooms 
Sticky flooring 
Small and poorly maintained swimming pool 


I'm shocked that Sheraton main office / management doesn't take action or steps to improve this place .
I was nervous coming here after reading the bad reviews but I had no problems whatsoever during my stay.  My room was clean and the bed was comfortable.  The location is close to major roadways and there are plenty of nearby restaurants.  The one thing I found odd was the shower gel in the bathroom smelled like men's body wash.  As a lady I would have preferred a more neutral fragrance.  Other than that I was pleased with the hotel.  I don't look for anything fancy, just somewhere clean in a safe location where I can get a good night's sleep.  I'd stay here again.
Honestly, the one thing I can say is do not judge this hotel by all of the negative reviews on here. I'm genuinely pleasantly surprised by this hotel. After reading the views I was pretty concerned but it's true that you can't trust all reviews. The restaurant and reception area are lovely. The restaurant has $2 beer bottles happy hour 6-8 which is a huge plus. The room was pleasantly nice. Minor wear with paint in some places but I'm just being really fussy. Everything is clean and the room size is great. Room service is far cheaper than I could ever have imagined. $10 for a full breakfast isn't bad at all compared to some places I've stayed. Also, $21 for a bottle of wine from room service isn't exactly expensive either! The only complaint I have is that the tv had permanent white streaks of static and the channels took ages to change but that's about it. I would definitely recommend this hotel if you're looking for a cheap getaway. I paid $64 a night on Priceline. Pictures included.
Our flight got in late and so we had to check into the hotel after midnight.  Took a few minutes longer than what our tired selves could take, but we were soon on our way.  The room was a decent size and everything was clean. No major issues with noise at night.  We did have some early risers talking in the hall in the morning though.  The view from the window is of top of a warehouse and shops on the street but we weren't expecting a room with a view. 

We were there two nights and it was a decent stay. The hotel does have breakfast at their restaurant downstairs but we opted to eat elsewhere.  Complimentary coffee in the lobby is a nice and friendly gesture.  Plenty of parking in their lot out front.
I was on a one day trip and booked this hotel for only one night, I got room 431 and guess what, the door is really hard and difficult to open, something was wrong but I was so tired driving on I-95 and just want sleep so I didn't call the front desk, it takes a lot time to just push the door open and close, the door is making contact with the floor. 
The room is great bed is good, but the bathroom is too small! 
I also encountered a drunk guest
For $120 (including taxes), this is not a bad hotel. It's clean, and the rooms are streamlined with an area for you to work (multiple outlets). There's an armoire for your clothes, a coat hook area, and a small relaxing chair. The shampoo, soap, and conditioner are in wall-mounted containers. Parking is free, and the hotel is MUCH better than the Four Points "near" Boston's airport.

I do like the idea of placing different sized towels in separate baskets. The bathroom is clean and brightly lit, giving a fresh feeling. My only complaint is that I have a hard time working the faucet sometimes. There is also no free breakfast. 

But other than that, this is a good hotel. There are lots of places to eat within driving distance, though this is quite a bit away from downtown Philly (don't stay here if that's your purpose). You just need to note the hotel's on the feeder road of Roosevelt Blvd (strange concept to me coming from Houston). It's close to where I have to be for work, so I will definitely stay here again!
My husband and I had a good experience staying here after our wedding reception. It's conveniently located on the boulevard. We downloaded the Marriott Bonvoy app & were able to request early check in. I know early check in is not guaranteed, but it was free to request & we were pleasantly surprised when our room was ready about an hour before our requested early check in time.  The front desk receptionist was pleasant. Our room was spacious & clean. I loved the smart mirror, but didn't use it since we were only staying the one night. I was disappointed they didn't refill the conditioner container, so when I went to shower, I could only shampoo & then use the body wash. We checked out through the Bonvoy app, but were still stopped by a different front desk receptionist, which I thought kind of defeated the purpose of checking out via the app, but maybe that's their protocol. I would definitely stay here again.
Short Story First- What a nightmare experience for our wedding night!!!  Most of our guests confirmed the experience was less than desirable.  Unfortunately, there was no other hotel closest to our venue.  They lost electricity... no explanation or apology and there was not one special thing done for us despite being asked and telling during confirming/booking that we were GETTING MARRIED!!!!  I was so disappointed they really need to get their act together!

Long Story- Where do I begin-  booking a hotel block with them was stupid.  There idea of discounted rooms was way more than the offers on hotels.com- Many of our guests booked through hotels.com.  We were offered a discount because of our block- it was laughable.  I wound up calling them back and telling them about the offer on hotels.com and we got a room downgrade for really a VERY low price- using our AAA discount.  But seriously- why did I have to do that much to get the best deal when they knew I had at least 10 rooms booking there.  After stopping in center city at city hall, my new husband and I went to check in. The woman we dealt with via email/phone through the whole booking process assured us we'd be able to check in early between 12-130.  When we got there- we couldn't check in and were told there would be nothing open for an hour.  So we went to get lunch and then called and the person on the phone said, "uh no... there is nothing?" Well we called the girl we had been dealing with and she told us the room would be ready.  When we went back it was.  We had a King deluxe room- it was very average.  Absolutely nothing special.  We kept joking that hotel seemed like a dark, daunting place where people sell drugs and get murdered.  But, this was amusing to us.  The lobby was nice though!  Fast forward to the night after the wedding- They kept the bar open for us.  This was awesome- except one guest was falling over and they continued to serve her after we all were motioning that this was a bad idea.  I heard again from several guests that a couple of unknown charges were appearing on their bill.  Either the bartender was not paying attention or didn't care and kept charging other cards for things.  It was a little outrageous.  Morning after the wedding- We woke up, so happy!  Started packing, showering and reaching out to check on our guests- then the electricity went out... seriously.  out.  for like 45 minutes.  no explanation.  No apologies when we checked out!  Honestly, just a terrible place.  They probably do a great job for guests staying one night and not doing anything but sleeping there.  But I was embarrassed to have had my family and friends at this pathetic establishment.  I was shocked, especially considering I usually love Sheraton- I'll think twice next time!
I was extremely nervous staying here after reading all the negative reviews. But I can honestly say my stay was pleasant and great. Checking in was quick and easy. I got my room which was on the first floor. The moment I got to my room there was a crying toddler in the other room next to me. The family then started screaming and this went on for about 20 minutes. I took in consideration that maybe this was just a small argument but it went on for about 45 minutes. I walked to the front desk and as soon as I mentioned the disturbing family, they immediately gave another room. The staff was awesome and the rooms were clean.
For the price, this hotel wasn't worth it... It wasn't gross-dirty, but it felt like it hadn't been cleaned well in a while, and none of the doors (to the room, to the closet, etc.) closed properly.  It wasn't horrible, but...
I try to stay exclusively at starwood properties, as I feel they understand customer service.
Unfortunately, this property does not fulfil that mission. The staff were lacking or unhelpful. The breakfast is a RIPOFF. The rooms are newly redecorated, but the furniture is not very functional (no drawers to store clothes?). The beds were nice enough. No heavenly bed, but then I wasn't at a Westin, was I?
The worst was the fixtures in the bathroom. While trying to go for cool, they ended up with something cold. It was nearly impossible to get a decent water temp in the shower and forget about water pressure.
All in all, I'll be looking for a new place on trips to north philly.
By far the worst hotel i've ever stayed in. 
If I would of known I would of booked else where.
Frankly the beds here are HORRIBLE and the rooms has a weird smell along with the hallways. The bathroom ceiling was peeling with paint. The beds here were so worn out it was super uncomfortable. The pillows here are cheap and its bunched up in one. I wouldn't recommend stay here. Spend a little more money and stay somewhere else that's more comfortable.
The hotel staff was cordial and very accommodating. Even though it was a Sheraton, it did not live up to it's name for decor. The restaurant was simply awful. The coffee was the best thing they had at breakfast. 

 Whatever you do, stay away from the dinner menu. I should have know not to order a caesar salad at a hotel.. For $9 you'll get a cup of romaine lettuce and 1 tbsp of dressing. I must admit the french onion soup wasn't bad.  Pretty safe to try that.
Ok so I read the reviews about this place and they were not good, but I decided to give it a try for myself. Went there with 2 of my friends and there was only one more party of two there. We waited 1hr and 15 minutes for our food and when we asked why its taking super long the server said because they have to tend to room service 1st.. Are you serious!!! Oh and she made a smart comment by saying " I can give it to you raw!!". Then started to laugh, was not at all amused by the sarcasm! When the food finally came out it was cold we asked for no bacon but guess what ... There was bacon on there!!! Worst experience.. 
Save your $$$ and go somewhere else!!!
I checked in here just night because I'm in town for a wedding. The room has a horrible odor and the refrigerator was so loud that it kept me awake. The air conditioner kicked in in the middle of the night a few times and startled me out of sleep (the little sleep that I did get between the fridge and the air conditioner). The room is dirty and disgusting and I'm afraid  to look under the sheets. The room has a layer of dust on top of almost everything. Even though I already paid for the weekend, I am looking for another hotel.  I also do not feel safe here.
This hotel was such a disappointment..... I love Sheraton and their partner hotels normally for things alone like consistency. Sheraton and Four Points are usually a standard of hotel for me and this time they were not. I honestly don't know where to begin... We changed rooms during our stay.

Pros
None really... A place to lay my head 

Cons
Pool was small, cloudy, green and gross
Dead bugs in light fixtures
It's FREEZING everywhere 

First room
Ants in bathroom and counter and bed 
Stains on the walls in the bathroom
No remote... Replacement remote did not work either
Dirty carpets
dirty ceilings 
Dusty poorly made bed with sheets dragging on the floor 


Second room
Dirty bathroom ceilings
Faucet was not attached properly to the sink and jiggled around 
The tub was peeling and extremely dirty
Broken mirror 
Old clothing left from previous stay
Great Place To Stay. It's Not In The Middle Of Nowhere. There's Also A Few Things To Do Around Here Within Walking Distance But Other Things You Need A Car Or Cab. The Price Of The Room Was Very Reasonable Compared To The Other Hotels Which Were Much More Expensive. This Hotel Is Well Worth The Stay. It Does Need Some Renovations, But It's Clean And The Staff Is Friendly.
Okay I have stayed here at this hotel before but this time was the worst, the service was lousy and between the broke door, the adult swim and our room not being ready at 3:15 having to go up and down the steps because the Keys wouldn't work it was just a mess!!!! Currently I'm still waiting for my towels and rags since we only had 1 of each at check in!!! I have called twice for those!!! I finally got my towels this morning after not recovering them last night I had to walk down and say I need my towels and rags very sad and disappointed!!!
Newer lobby and rooms.  I wouldn't have high expectations for a property that is only a category 2-3 for Starwood.

My sheets seemed like they hadn't been thoroughly washed and felt like sand paper.  However, it is the nicest, decently priced, and closet hotel to my company's headquarters, so I don't think I really have another option.
Rooms are poorly maintained. Doors don't lock behind you, make sure they shut. Service is horrible...and you may lose power.
Horrible, can't believe the Sheraton had this bad of service and poor conditions will never stay here again, they have hookers working out of there and people having parties
I wish I could give these people no stars. The only saving grace was Pam Bintliff as she was polite to talk to, but came to find out she is super dishonest and not professional at all. We had reserved a room block for my wedding and she let me know that post our 25 room block that every single other room in the whole hotel was taken, I asked if she had any recommendations for other hotels in the area and her tune completely changed. Suddenly, there were more rooms, and suddenly they would be able to supply us with a larger room block. These conversations happened within an hour of eachother.

On the day of our wedding, my husband called the front desk as we were instructed to get a few early check-ins. We did not request any specific floors, so with a 2-3pm checkin, I was hoping some out of towners could get there around 1pm. The front desk woman was extremely rude to my husband and said it absolutely could not be done and they needed to stick to that original check-in time. We came to find out that guests checked in early anyway, which proves that that individual did not even look into what he was requesting.

When we toured the hotel, midsentence the woman behind the counter TOOK OUT A SLIM JIM and just started going to town. Chewing and eating and talking to me with her mouth full.

Lastly, my mother who is from out of town had to stay about 4 nights to help with pre-wedding things. She was double charged and had to call Pam about removing one of the charges. So basically, if you do HAVE to stay here, make sure to check your CC statement, and definitely don't give them anything that connects to your bank, as god only knows what would happen.
A line of 6 people to check in (20mins)

Finally had another guy appear from the office and offered to help check people in.  Disappeared with my credit card and ID for 5mins and gave me a room key.  I'll have to watch my charges for the next few weeks now.

Had a random person sitting in the hall next to my room with bags on the floor and no apparent room to go into.  Strange

Walked into a 62degree room with the heat off. 

Batteries in tv remote were too cold to work

Internet too slow to run any web page even though it showed full signal strength

Hard beds

Room phone didn't work

Microwave broken

No accessible power outlet for charging devices

When this much stuff is wrong with a hotel. Why even bother letting the "staff" know?  It clearly hasn't been worth the hassle for anyone else.
Stayed here recently for a work trip.  I didn't spend too much time at the hotel, but it was decent.

The room was big enough.  Having a mini fridge and microwave was a nice bonus, but I ended up not using it.  Bathroom was on the small side, and the faucets (sink and tub/shower) were a little tough to turn - I must be getting weak in my old age.

Housekeeping was sub-par.  The first day things were clean when I got back, but no new towels or anything - not a big deal since I was on my own.  I get back on day 2 and my used towel was still laying on the edge of the bed and the ironing board and iron are still where I left them that morning.  I'm not a really finicky person, but that was pretty bad.  I've never seen that before at a hotel.  I also didn't have a "do not disturb" sign, but I hoped for the best since I was in late and leaving early during my stay.

The pool and fitness area were decent.  That sounds like I actually used them, but I just checked them out "in case" I might use them.

Had breakfast buffet one day - decent price $10 and good, hot food.  Service there was good - very attentive staff. 

Front desk was very friendly and helpful.

I'd consider staying if I was in that area again, but would probably check some other options.
I really wish I would have read these reviews. This place is outdated, falling apart, and the main entrance is closed due to construction which they did not share during booking. The AC was so loud I had to call maintenance up, my tv had some glitch and the worst part for me was how gross and dusty my room was. See pics
Not nice at all,  rooms are dirty and smell like smoke.  Avoid this place like the plauge!!!
I selected this hotel because it was close to my meeting location, and stayed a total of 3 nights.  I arrived after 10 pm after flying from the west coast and was looking for some food.  Nothing available in the hotel after 10 pm so I went out to find something.

The check in desk is set back inside the main doors and the person on duty was a security guard - that set alarm bells off immediately.  I checked into my room on the 4th floor - I had reserved a king room but was given a double instead.  Never checked why, probably should have.  The lobby, elevators and hallways were very warm and damp.  Everything felt old and haphazardly designed - the layout doesn't give you that inviting atmosphere. I travel a lot, and am kind of spoiled I will admit, but I was disappointed in this hotel just in the way it was kept up.  It was dark in the hallways and just felt like I had gotten off of a time machine.

The rooms were clean and updated but both the AC and the TV did not work properly.  I like the room cool and usually set the thermostat on about 74.  I had it set for 60 and slept on top of the blankets on the bed most of the time.  The TV had 4 channels until I said something and it would never recognize my HDMI connection for my laptop.

I had an upcoming reservation for next week at this same property and have cancelled it and will drive a bit farther to the Courtyard.
I wasn't expecting much but I  have to say that the customer service at this hotel has been great. After the nonsense I put up with at the last place I was at, this was a breath of fresh air.

Pros: Great customer service, easy check-in, friendly employees,  and close proximity to good food. Note: Anyone bitching about food didn't try the good things in the area. There's exceptional Indian, Italian & American.  Get out of the chain mindset & explore.  Beds were comfortable,  room was very clean, bathroom was brand new. Bar was great, server was friendly & knowledgeable.

Cons: Room decor was a bit dated and they need more charging areas. 

This location was convenient to where we needed to be. All in all a very good stay.
I booked a room on Friday May 17 2019 I get to the hotel around midnight and the front desk worker it was only one was very rude she wasnt wearing a name tag. She gives us room 407, the toilet was broken they sent someone up to fix it but he couldn't. They said there was no more rooms available because they was over booked and there was nothing they can do. And only willing to take 50 dollars off of a 300 a night room. So now its midnight we no room and the front desk girl is acting like we not standing in front she just continue to take other people and disregard that we dont have a room. I travel alot and this have been the worst experience. How do u expect someone to stay in a room with toilet
Stayed here on September 30th. Everything about this Hotel was amazing. I thought the price was half decent (this is why I stayed here), I found it easily with the guidance of my GPS, and the staff was friendly.

All this was true up till about 2:00 in the morning... the fire alarm miss fired at about 2:00 am and kept going off and on at short bursts. Then it decided to stay on for about 45 minuets. I know the staff was working hard with the alarm company to get it off. But at last this was a large inconvenience to there guests that evening. Reason being because you could not sleep with an alarm screaming in your room. Most of the guests hung outside or in the lobby waiting for the alarm to be silenced.

The part that is a let down is upon checking out the receptionist only offered a free breakfast for our inconvenience. Which I was leaving the hotel so I am not sure how that was compensation. Not another word was mentioned about the inconvenience. I feel that if you are int he service industry you have to at least communicate about the faults of the stay. I was also charged full rate to stay at the hotel which I thought they could of ate the price of the stay for that night. That would of made a return customer out of me, since I make several trips to Philly a year. So I guess you have to complain to have something done. So I am complaining.
Fine if you need a quick sleep for the night. No frills, obviously. Everything was clean (enough) but the door kept jamming and there was no toothpaste in the rooms.
Stayed here for one-night while visiting Philadelphia/ New Jersey for work. The hotel staff were friendly and let me check-in a bit earlier than I had anticipated. Parking here was free. The breakfast isn't. The room was clean and the bed was comfy. The thermostat can be found in the fancy bathroom mirror, which is also how you can de-fog the mirror and change the lighting in the bathroom. Overall, my stay was great! Keep in mind this location isn't close to center city Philly... with traffic it took me about 45 minutes to get there on a Friday morning.
I checked into the hotel and my car was immediately damaged by thieves trying to get into my car.  I was stalked.  Emergency phone did not work.  Calls to the front desk were not answered.  No safety.  No security.  Truly a dangerous environment.  Stay away.
Decided to check out the Four Points by Sheraton to add to my list of Marriott properties. So we drove down to Philly for the night and checked in and I thought it was going to go bad but being I'm a Bonvoy member it quickly was resolved. 

Tister was the rep checking up in and he was very pleasant. He advised me that they were sold out and had no more kings and I advised him I booked a king. He spoke to his manager and she advised him that he was taking care of his guests and he had to make a decision so he upgraded up to a larger room which I appreciate him taking care of it. 

Parking lot was a nice size but if you going fast you will miss the entrance because it's not a well lit sign and the entrance way is very small and sharp. 

Room was nice size. Bed was comfortable and the room was clean. Could have more towels in the bathroom but not a big deal. Another thing that was strange is they didnt have a coffee table by the sofa. Refrigerators need to get a bit colder because I had food that I brought back from the restaurant and wanted to make sure it was going to be good to eat the next day.

I must say they get brownie points for the Bluetooth and wifi mirror in the bathroom. I played my Pandora right through the bluetooth in the bathroom while getting dressed. 

Overall I would recommend this location because it is reasonably price and you would get a decent night sleep. Just make sure you have a front desk person at the desk at all times because no one wants to wait to check out while the front desk lady is in the bathroom and she doesnt have backup and guests waiting for almost 10 min.
Read many many bad reviews here so really wasn't expecting much but whoa it was pretty nice. Got a deluxe room and the space was hugh. Loved the wide entry, great layout and seems like everything was updated. Will definitely come back
This place is not clean. Hair all over , dirty close was left by some one in a closet. Floor was sticky . Light by the entrance didn't work. Area around is not safe. I ended up paying $184 for a night! I don't mind if place was nice but this was not good experience
I was so disappointed I checked out immediately after checking in and headed downtown to a better hotel, and yes spent the extra money. Didn't help that they were in middle of renovation. But still, from the parking lot I knew right away it wasn't going to be a nice hotel. Gross!
