DO NOT STAY HERE!!!

I made the mistake of staying here on a business trip. My company is very frugal with hotel stays and this was the only decent looking (or so I thought) hotel on the list. 

First, when I checked in they gave me a room that hadn't yet been cleaned. Not a big deal..mistakes happen.

Then they give me another room which when I enter looks as though it is clean but the cover to the hvac is tearing off the wall and there is at least an inch of dust in every corner.

It's late..I have an early morning meeting and there is no guarantee that another hotel within that price range will be any better. So, I decide to stick it out. Big mistake. 

I couldn't sleep all night but that is not the worst of it. Wtihin hours of being at my meeting, I find three small red bumps on the bottom of one of my legs. Then within hours, they turned into large welts.

This place obviously had BED BUGs! I have informed the hotel and I am waiting for their response. I will update my review when I receive it. 

I'm so grossed out and will NEVER stay at a Sheraton again.

I gave it one star because

1.) It's not possible to give negative stars 
and
2.) They do provide a free bottle of water in the room
Conveniently located close to philly airport, but the hotel needs some remodeling. Rooms are clean, but wall paper in the bathroom is scratched and needs new wallpaper. Carpet is old and 'consumed.'
Breakfast/dinner lounge is located on the first floor and no special loyalty members room is available.
Bottom Line: when spending my money, this will not be my choice. 

One of my least favorite hotels for overnights when out of town for work. 

Laying in my room right now and the air is set at 66* but still sweating. Same thing last time I was here. Another co-worker was checking in this morning and someone asked if he kept his room from the previous night and he said "Hell No!  There were problems with the a/c all night. I better not get that room again!"

The hallways and elevators are so warm you sweat coming and leaving. Come on, stop with the penny pinching!  Especially when you charge $9 for a House Chardonnay at the bar!!!

And speaking of bar, it's average food for a high price. 

Bottom Line: It's clean and safe, so if the price is right and you are not looking for any luxury - go for it. When it's my choice - I'll pick someplace else.
Looks clean from the lobby and outside.. But be careful when you get in your room.. Look inside and under things.
It's a dump. In need of a serious renovation. Furniture looks like dumpster salvage. $12.00 to park is outrageous. There are much better alternatives outside of the Sheraton group of hotels (aLoft, Sheraton Suites, Four Points) that share this lot.
Negative stars. Avoid for your own sanity. This was hands down the worst use of rewards points possible. 

1. Unacceptably understaffed. One lady mans the front desk, and shares her one nighttime staff member or handyman with the neighboring hotel during frequent emergencies.
2. Facilities in massive disrepair. They will tell you it is currently being renovated, so listen to them and stay away until they are *absolutely finished* with renovations, whenever that is. Heaters rattle loudly or are broken in some rooms. If something is broken, and a maintenance guy comes, he may leave without cleaning up the mess behind him. Doors will not close/lock easily or automatically in many rooms due to unprofessionally reapplied door paint. Curtains are worn down with unexplained holes. Leaking hallway ceiling. Some faucets jut out from the wall.
3. Incomplete cleanings between guests and hastily applied bedding. I may just be lucky but I have never stayed in a hotel where the staff repeatedly fails to clean a room completely or properly put the fitted sheet onto the mattress.

There were so many more episodes during my 5 nights in hell. But just trust me on this one and book anywhere but here.
I'm going to update this review because the "manager," at the bottom is LYING! This was the only place I stayed in July for two days and this place does have bed bugs! I will upload a picture of my marks later. As you can see this "manager," didn't even apologize for the unsanitary condition of this hotel. How can you say had a pest control company to come out and inspect the room yet you don't know what room number I stayed in? Again, he is lying. DO NOT STAY HERE!
This is only my second time to this hotel and I will say...I like it a bunch! The beds are like clouds. They are as comfortable at the beds at the Westin! They have a restaurant and the food is good. I've had the Greek salad (it's huge) and the tomato soup (I added sour cream) and it was delicious. On Wednesdays they have brew and BBQ at the bar which includes one complementary beer and appetizers! Today they had BBQ ribs and hamburger sliders--both were waaaayyyy good. I will definitely order the burger and ribs on a next trip. Over all---I'd say the beds have won me over!
Save your money and don't stay here ! First the hotel van takes 25 mins to pick you up but when you call they tell you it's on the way.  No AC in the hotel van. 
Next I get up to my room and the key doesn't work.  They say there's a microwave on the 2nd floor and it's not there bc it just broke.  Then I ordered cherry pie and it's cold, falling apart and nasty.  Just don't waste your time with this place. It needs serious change
House keeping has no respect for the "DO NOT DISTURB" sign on the door. This is not the first time I stayed here (my company books the hotel for me) and trust me, my company will hear about this.  

The first time I stayed here the maids were listening to "ghetto" rap music in the hallway while complaining about the vacuum cleaner.  The second time, they were being loud and JUST BEING LOUD AND UNPROFESSIONAL.  

I usually get in around 7AM from flying on a red eye so I sleep all day, or at least try to.  I've stayed here 3 times and twice was a sh*tty experience. Also, the van driver drives too fast (wear your seat belt), and sometimes the front desk folks sounds like they've had a bad day. 

They also have bed bugs.  Specifically in room 449.

If you work in the customer service industry at least try to be professional or fake it with a smile. I work in the customer service industry too so just TRY!
do not stay at this place!! it is infested with bed bugs!!! marks are all over my body. beware!!
Don't waste your money here !!!!!!!!!!!

We stayed at this hotel couple of days back for a one night stay. I reached there around 9pm to check in the girl at the front desk was nice and helped explain the area. I asked her if there is anywhere that serves food and she said they bar serves until 10:30pm.  We went to the bar area at 9:45pm and waited and no one showed up the girl at the front desk watched us but didn't say anything until I went up to her and asked her if the bar was closed. She said someone should be there and then a few minutes later the server showed up she said they will close in 5 mins so only thing available is burgers and wings and that too if the cook will make it. I felt bad and asked if she can get me two burgers and fries she said she will ask the cook and come back. Once she came out she ran to the register shaking her head so I assumed that was a no but waited for her to come and tell us. After standing there like an idiot for a few she came over and said the cook is acting crazy she isn't sure if she will make our order but already charged us and gave me the bill to sign. Waited 25 mins for the food and had to take it to go because she said they closed everything. Once we go to the room they gave us dried up reheated nasty fries and nasty burgers. 

The rooms a whole mother story they were pretty old and looked broken down. The water kept leaking at night for the bathroom shower. I am not sure what it is but door near the ac kept popping out and the AC is super super loud. They have no complimentary breakfast. The hotel is not worth it at all for the money or the staff working there. Will never go back and high recommend others not to either. Again don't waste your money here!!!
Disgusting. Walked into my room and I pulled down my sheets to find the sheets had not been washed or even cleaned. I found medical tape, bugs, wings of bugs, some goo I had no idea what it was and a whole bunch of hair. I went downstairs and ask for a different room the hotel said they had no more rooms I would have to wait until management could be contacted to clean my room. Absolutely unacceptable. The rooms were not updated there was water damage on the ceiling and the ceiling was peeling off
I'm usually not too picky about hotels. As long as it's clean and decent. Not crazy about my experience at the Four Points, though. 

The rooms are dingy, with crummy lighting, no counter space in the bathroom, and no outlets. No outlets!! This is 2014, people. No outlets by the bed, and only one on the desk. So...I could plug in my computer, and then charge my phone from my computer. Great.

My first shower was a cold one. I figured it was a one-off. Next morning, cold shower again. I called and the person at the front desk wasn't particularly helpful. Told me to check when I got back that night to see if it was still cold. I did...still cold. Got a much better person at the front desk who was friendly and helpful and got me a new room.
Imagine if you will a hotel that is a hair above adequate, welcome to the Four Points.

We were "lucky" enough to be gifted a stay here thanks to American canceling our flight. There is Skelton staff that runs the hotel, again just above the adequate line. One person for the desk who provides information, not helpful, but adequate enough that you know not to seek him anymore. (Borderline dismissive)

I needed Tylenol, he explained they don't sell medicine there. So I asked if the neighboring hotel did, he cut me off said, "they're out too." Then I proceeded to ask about the third and I got, "who knows, you are welcome to try." Restaurant was run about the same, empty till someone kind of cared enough to take our order, took forever and the food was again, adequate.

Spoke to a couple who paid to stay at another hotel instead of here. Which about sums it up, for free it's worth it, beyond that, go elsewhere.
I spent two nights here when I missed a connecting flight during the Christmas season. Can you believe that US Airways couldn't get me a flight until Christmas morning? Yea. Seriously. 

I had a cold anyway, so I didn't mind too much, and my family isn't that big into Christmas... so I was happy that I could use these two days of FREE hotel from US Airways to max and relax. 

Because the staff felt sorry that I had to spend X-mas eve here, they were super duper nice and communicative. Even my room service was free. It wasn't bad at all. The beds were clean and super comfortable! And I enjoyed the large flat screen television in my room. I was also grateful for the coffee machine in the room, so I could make myself some tea and such. I had an overall good experience, especially since my expectations weren't very high.
Honestly try to avoid this hotel at all costs. The AC units are very loud. The rooms always smell like mold. Very limited dining options. I called for breakfast twice today no answer, called front desk and asked if anyone is there and she told me to come down and check myself. Horrible rooms and horrible staff. Check elsewhere.
Stayed 5/12 into 5/13/17.  Noisy rooms and hallways through 5:00am. Understandable kind of late since there was a concert and we were out late too but not all night. 2 days later I had bed bug bites all over my back and arms. Will not return.
If I could give this dump less than 1 I would. This place is a tragic dump. My guy came in from DC everything downtown was booked so he picked this place. Of course a guy isn't going to examine everything but when I came here immediately noticed it's a dump. Water in tub is broke and won't shut off. Mildew around heating vent, popcorn ceilings, worn and tattered cover that isn't bright white looks dingy, horrible terrible looks like a meth center.
Found dirty women's underwear in the bed in my room. This place apparently doesn't change the sheets, who knows what else they don't clean. Gross.
I only stayed here because the business trip I was on had it's meetings here and I didn't have to pay for it. It's a pretty typical hotel in its offerings, though it lacked a mini-bar or fridge in the room. Room had a king size bed with two really long pillows, good for body hugging (or um, you know, whatever). Plasma television and free internet helped the boredom a bit, as did the pool and the "fitness room" (three treadmills and three ellipticals). Their restaurant was over priced and the food mediocre. Meh.
Less than one star. This hotel reminds me of the Bates Motel. Where do I start... the lobby is great the rooms leave a lot to be desired. The bathroom grout is stained, cracked and moldy. There are hairs left in various places in the bathroom (I cleaned it enough to get a few hours of sleep) While sitting on the bed this brown bug hurried across the carpet. (Not sure what is was as it moved so fast) I spoke with a woman at the front desk who "called the house keeping manager to go exterminate." Not sure if they did as there was no note or offer to switch rooms. If you can stay any places other than here I would highly recommend it. This place is not worth the money they charge. A Motel 6 would be better.
I've never really felt unsafe in a SPG hotel before until last night.  The hallways are creepy, the front desk staff gave me a room key to a room where the top bolt was locked (the room was already occupied), and the room they gave me afterwards smelled funky.  I wouldn't stay here again if the room was free...
Stayed here on Airline voucher for 2 nights. Great customer service, all staff members were super friendly and accommodating. This hotel only provides airport/hotel shuttle had to run to a nearby store which would have been a 30-40 min. walk. The receptionist coordinated one of the shuttle drivers to take me there. He then waited for me and took me back to the hotel. Then I needed to schedule transportation to downtown Philly. The front desk was super accommodating and set everything up. I was stuck for 2 days in Philly and my stay at this hotel and the service I received made my situation less stressful. Hotel very nice, clean with updated décor. No, free breakfast :(
My expectations were fairly low after reading the reviews on Yelp, so I was pleasantly surprised.  The front desk staff was very kind.  The gym was a typical hotel gym, with the nice touch of fresh towels on the equipment for you.  The pool was outdoors.  The hotel is only 5 floors, is very near the airport, and is in a small area with several other hotels.  The room was nothing special but was neat and reasonably attractive, with a blow drier and coffee maker, and plenty of plugs for my electronics.  They had free Wi-Fi.  The bed was comfortable.  The biggest downsides were (1) nothing close by in the way of food-- you must drive to get to any kind of food.  For some inexplicable reason, there's a bar but no restaurant and only a sorry selection of snacks available in the hotel lobby.  And don't expect much more from the other hotels in the same little pod.  We drove to a nearby Wawa where there was a far better selection of late night snacks.  (2)  no nearby shops or entertainment -- you must drive to anything.  This hotel is nothing special but for business travel, was quite adequate and I didn't see any of the gross and horrible things people were complaining about.
Slowest check in I've ever experienced. Rooms worn and dingy. Front desk curt.  The bar was ok and very limted food choices
So far, my stay has been meh. I gave them three stars for effort and a free shuttle to and from the airport. As for their CUSTOMER SERVICE: Again, very meh. I'm from out-of-town. Accordingly, I don't know which way is up in this town. Upon checkin the fact that I forgot my charger back home came floating back into my mind. The next morning I strolled down to the front desk and explained my situation to the front desk gal; my goal was to find out how I'd go about securing a charger (you know: "are there any walgreens or other such stores in the area which I might be able to walk to?). The gal seemed aloof -- to say the very least. She gave me a flat no and returned to staring at the computer screen. I went over to the restaurant and ordered some breakfast. While waiting I struck up a conversation with the guy behind the counter who advised that a rite aid was just over the bridge, and that I could technically walk to it In about 10 minutes. I later learned (by starting on the walk) that it is not within walking distance of the island where the hotels are; not at all. Worse, there are no sidewalks on their side of the street, so if you must, there's a stop light about a block away where you can cross over onto the safe side. 

THE ROOM: decent. Some of the furnishings are a little old, but not Motel 6 old. My the lamps by the bed didn't turn on when I flickered the switch, and the only outlet for my laptop was at the desk and along the wall nearest the window. 

THE RESTAURANT: extremely meh. The food was bland, mostly; and at a high cost, at that. My first night I ordered their roasted half chicken. It came with a baked potato and asparagus. I just couldn't get over how bland it was. Grand total: $20 bucks. What a wash. I went to the Suites across the way for all subsequent meals, but they were only mildly better.
Not awful, but could have/should have been much better. 

Positives: Reasonable room rate, helpful and personable front desk staff, clean, comfortable bed.

Negatives: The keycard swipe to enter the parking lot was not working during our stay - several times I had to call for assistance, and once I paid the $7 fee which I later had to have removed from the room bill.
After opening and using the soaps/shampoos on the first day, they were removed from the room by housekeeping and not replenished.
The wired internet connection in the room did not appear to be working and the wireless signal was only available in the lobby. 
There's a Seattle's Best Coffee bar located in the lobby, but it only was open for a few hours in the morning - not exactly convenient.
I'm not usually too picky about hotels but this place was below average. On the plus side, they had free wifi (which I didn't try) and two free bottles of water per room. The lobby was nice enough and they had free in room coffee (though one of the creamers was apparently spoiled and somewhat chunky). It's also about a 10-15 minute drive to the ballpark to see the Nats beat the Phillies. 

On the negative side, this is part of a complex of three hotels near the airport that has a prison style fence/barricade out in front and requires a $12 a day parking fee. The worst part? Though this is charged to your room and your key supposedly grants access, it NEVER worked and the desk clerk said they have issues all the time. I had to keep hitting the call button at the gate in order to be let in. 

Also, the bed was among the least comfortable I've slept on in quite a while. I've never been to prison but have to assume the beds are close to this. They were hard as a rock and for all I know they were old enough that Ben Franklin himself may have slept on them. In addition, you have thin walls so I was woken up to hear people screaming in the hallways (which are dark and a little eerie looking to begin with). The room itself is an average somewhat worn hotel room but I didn't have any major issues other than the bed. You also don't get free breakfast here, instead the breakfast buffet is $15. 

Though I'm not really a fan of this hotel, I'd consider staying here if the rate were excellent due to its proximity to the ballpark. Keep your expectations low here and they might be met.
Stayed here for work and the hotel staff was amazing!  I requested a refrigerator and Russell brought it up in about 15 min with a great attitude and smile.  The front desk staff was also very nice and helpful. I would definately recommend this hotel to my friends 
and family.
The Four Points by Sheraton was nothing less than awesome. The facility is nestled right next door to the Philadelphia Airport. The 24 hour shuttle service met me at the terminal and delivered me princely to the facility. Upon arrival the staff greeted me with warm smiles and kindness. The rooms were not modern like the newer hotels but honestly to me that really didn't matter. The rooms were large and clean and the desk service was awesome. If you get hungry late you can either eat at the cafe located on the premise or contact room service. I enjoyed everything about this location. I ordered room service (Chicken Wings) it was beyond awesome. However the female bartender (I don't know her name) could use a course in customer service. I don't know if it was a race or ethnicity issue or what but she really didn't act too excited to serve my friends and I. Despite that situation, I would recommend this hotel to everyone arriving in Philadelphia.
Understaffed, margaritas for $12, no fridge, one microwave per floor, musty smelling, 3 bulbs in my room were burnt out.  The shuttle van is a joke, you're always told "he 5 minutes away", although it took 45 minutes to get his here.  There's too many better places to stay, but then again this is PHL airport, so maybe not!
My husband and I stayed at this hotel for the weekend while visiting family and seeing a show. Here's the breakdown:

Hotel: It is a nice hotel and was pretty clean.

Location: Right next to the airport; there is a shuttle that runs often.

Check in/Staff: Wonderful. Leeanna was VERY helpful and professional. Tara and Darryl were also VERY helpful and professional. Great assets to the Four Points.

Rooms: Very basic. Nothing special but beds were very comfortable.

Restaurant: Food was decent

We checked in on Friday night. Got up Saturday morning and ran out to enjoy the day. Came back in at around 4:00pm to find our room had not been cleaned. No big deal. We left again around 5:00pm to go to dinner and a show. We got back to our room at 10:30pm only to find that our room STILL had not been cleaned. I called to speak to the manager on duty and was transferred to who I thought was a manager. When I asked was she a manager, she stated, "No" so again I asked to speak to the manager. A gentleman then got on the phone and again I asked was HE a manager to which he replied, "No, there is no manager available." Finally I was transferred to Leeanna at the front desk. I explained that our room had not been cleaned. She asked was our privacy sign on the door to which I stated no (we had taken it off when we left that morning). She then checked the computer and said, "You're right. Our system shows you did NOT have a privacy note on your door." She then asked what we needed (towels and wash cloths, although clean sheets would have been great too) and immediately sent them up to our room. 

After the goods were delivered, we got a phone call from Norah, whom I assume was the manager on duty. She asked what the problem was. My husband explained the situation to her. She stated, "Well if the privacy sign was on the door, they wouldn't clean the room." My husband informed her that it wasn't on the door (per Leeanna) when they came. She then changed the story to, "Well they come at 6:30am." 6:30am??!! So you mean to tell me that housekeeping comes at 6:30am to clean your room? While you're still asleep? Also, even if the privacy sign was on the door, are you telling me housekeeping doesn't come back around to make sure all rooms are clean? Are you kidding me? Oh and did I mention that we had a pile of dirty wash cloths and towels on the bathroom floor and 2 trash cans overflowing left in the room. One more note about housekeeping...one of the housekeepers was in the lobby cursing and talking very loudly without any concern for guests. Horrible!

Finally, after making excuses for our room not being cleaned, she graciously comped our parking for 2 nights and a movie we rented. My credit card has not been charged yet so I don't know if those credits will indeed appear on my statement. 

We have stayed here before and it was not this bad. I'm not sure what went wrong but they need to fix it. Never again.

P.S...It is a very good idea to have a manager on duty (or if they are on duty, not hiding from guests) and not have other staff pretend to be the manager.
Not happy with my stay.  The hallways look like a dorm room and the touch up paint throughout could at least be the same color. Inside the room It took about ten minutes trying to figure out if the intake door to the air conditioning unit just fell off or was suppose to be like this. I finally figured it was suppose to be like this and that the hair, dirt and mold was something I could look at and wonder if something lived in there. Forget the bathroom, couldn't shower because I forgot my flip flops. No chance I was going in that. After checking the bed for other guests, I did find that it appeared to be clean. Thankfully. 
Because it was late I decided to forget about the   a/c intake door and go to bed. I rose got dressed and my foot was poked with something sharp. Looked down and my pantyhose was holding a mans freshly clipped toenail. I can't make this up.... Needless to say I couldn't get out of this place fast enough. I'm embarrassed that airlines actually place people in this hotel and that they seriously need to reconsider somewhere else.
My experience at Four Points was horrible and I will not be going to another one anytime soon. First, their systems were down on the night we came in so the receptionist asked us to wait. We waited for over an hour without being alerted when the system was back on. Then, the Four Points accounting department decides to double charge my credit card. When I request them to reissue the credit to me, they forget to do it. I had to call 3 more times and they say it is in process even though it has been over 10 business days. Please avoid this hotel.
I have to say that I really don't care much about trendy decor;.  A nice clean & comfy bed, clean shower, towels and free wifi and I'm all good.  YES I have stayed in MUCH MUCH more beautiful and posh hotels and could have done the same here for my visit to Philly but, I was not looking to spend $150.00 a night to be a few blocks closer to the event I am attending.  Down to brass tacks.... I hear the bar was over priced, so I brought my own wine so that is a non-issue.  Next, the decor does needs to be updated but its not horrible, and just think..... it will surely be back in style and trendy in a few years :)  Who cares, its clean !!  YES, the hallway carpets have a few stains on them here and there but my room carpet was clean.  If I was to split hairs here, the chair at the desk has a few rips in it, but the desk is quite nice with a few outlets and computer input options.  OH did I mention FREE WIFI !!!  The staff is super friendly and helpful and although this is NOT a 5star hotel, it is OK !!!  and I have to say, the bed linens are super fluffy and clean and white and the bed is totally sleep-able.  After all; most of us attend hotels for a nice place to Sleep and Shower.  This fits the bill.  I have experienced better, but not knocking this place.  
Just FYI ... no mini fridge or mini microwave in my room; kind of bare bones, but, I did get a free bottle of water.  FREE is always great, don't care if it is just water....still cool.  
There is your usual soap, shampoo, shower gel & hair dryer, PLUS a mini coffee maker with enough coffee for two.  
This hotel is a solid 3 star.  Total struggle to be a 4star, but a 3 is appropriate.
This place is horrible 
I paid $108 and thought I got a deal .when I got here I realized it wasn't worth 50
I guess u get what u pay for 
Torn sheets 
Half used toilet paper 
Toilet stays running 
Soap dispenser in shower is crusty 
Sink had rust 
Cleaning people started knocking at 9 in the morning 
When checkout was 12 
And the colors of the inside of the hotel where kinda creepy looking 
The outside looks great . 
I won't be back
Staff is nice and close to the airport... walls are super thin... I can hear every sniffle the person next to me makes... ceiling is pealing. I prefer the Sheraton next door.
The lobby was nice and the bar was decent but if you can stay at the Sheraton suites literally right next door. 
My room did not come with a fridge, the rooms are a little tight and dated. It was nice having shampoo and shower gel, but I couldn't get either to lather up much. 
There was a room service tray in our hallway for over a day and it's an outdoor pool so don't expect to use it except during summer.
First of all if there was a no star you Sheraton would have earned it. It was a over price hell hole.!!! At three in the morning I woke to use the restroom and I was showered with who the hell knows what came down from the sealing. Liquid type! Disgusting..the floor was filled with it. Didn't know what else to do but to put towels on the floor and clean my self up the best way I could. It calmed down after I went for my camera but after you see the video you get the point. I've stayed in different hotel rooms and this is by far the worst of them all. Told the person at the front desk and they didn't switch my room till the next day and never did they try to at least comp me my first day for that experience. Just the worst people stay away!
Stayed here before flying out of Philly so that we didn't have to wake up super early drive and then have to find parking. 

The Pro's
7 day Parking is included with a 1 night stay
Food in the restaurant is pretty decent, but a tad expensive
The bar downstairs is great!
Super friendly
Cheap rates
Rooms were a good size, actually pretty large with two doubles or queen beds.

The Con's
It's getting a little older and is in need of some maintenance, updating, and revamping.
The hallway was a little creepy

Would I choose to stay here? No probably not, but for the low price and convenience I would do it again!
We walked in to their Starbuck's looking check in area, and right from the that point I was impressed. Everything was very clean, they had a nice bar set up and a few people around in case you came here single.

As we made our way to our room, we hoped the room was spacious and we were not disappointed. It was a King size bed, that we got upgraded to thanks to the being a little nice to the check in staff...and HUGE! We jumped into the cloud-like bed and let the pillows envelope us into a fabulous 2 hour nap before we got ready to go out downtown. We took full advantage of the free wifi and delicious free starbucks coffee in our room.

Sadly the hotel is not close to much, so if you want to get food or go out downtown you have to take a pretty long drive, so just take that into consideration. I was also bummed that the pool was already drained because it was 80 degrees out, it is an outside pool and it was the first weekend of October.

Overall I think the place was great, especially great customer service, we saw how poise they were in handling a customer with a complaint at check out and that is always a plus.
The only reason why this place gets a two star instead of one is that the food I ate was pretty decent.   

However, after seeing the condition of my room (#333), especially the bathroom, I was a little concerned about the kitchen the food would have been prepared in.  (See photos of bathroom)

I was forced to stay here via hotel voucher after US Air screwed up my flights.  I would recommend finding another hotel until the owners do some serious updating of this property.
Well...where do I start?? I travel for a living sooo I know most hotels and if they are up to par. This hotel is the (excuse my French) "Ghetto Four Points"...just like the Ghetto Aloft which is across the parking lot. I've stayed at both and its been an awful experience. It's really a shame because I Love these two hotels. When you walk in the Lobby you are deceived because it's nice. But, step in the elevator...OMG..it looks like it has not been vacuumed in weeks! One elevator has marks and white scuffs on the walls, you would think your at the "Motel 6." During my first stay here the air conditioning unit was so loud every time it turned on and off it woke me up. So I had to cut it off. And please train the staff! Apparently the staff is not on the same page concerning the parking policy. The bathroom had a hole directly above the shower...empty shower gel and conditioner container in shower...no  bed skirt...worn carpet...marks on the wall...one water....and the heater was broken! I could have stayed at Comfort Suites! Such a shame the brand is suffering by the Philadelphia Airport. This is my last stay at this location...they are ridiculous!
We needed a hotel last minute in Philly. I was skeptical about the low price but I figured "it's a Sheraton property" it can't be that bad. Check in was smooth, the elevator to our room was a little rickety, our room was okay. The bathroom was awful though. The bathtub was so gross and dingy I had to put a bath towel down in the bathtub to take my shower. The sink area is outside of the bathroom and the hairdryer looked like it had been there since the hotel was built- good thing I wear my hair wash and go. Breakfast in the morning wasn't bad. Our server was friendly and attentive. Overall everyone we came in contact with was very friendly, the hotel itself was just pretty dated. You definitely get what you pay for in this case. Oh yeah - and overnight parking was $12.
I was under the assumption that Sheraton and its Four Points brand were a 2.5-3 star chain.  Guess I was mistaken.  

First impression:

Lysoled lobby, robotic desk clerk, and deathtrappy elevators...that's alright...I can deal with that.  

Oh, my room is across from the elevator?  Ugh, but I'm exhausted and just need a place to shower and crash before a flight. 

The room looks beat down.  Well, it IS an older building, and with its location it gets a lot of wear and tear.  Anyway, all I want is a nice hot shower and a good night's rest.  

Oh, look at the bathroom!  Bates Motel floor tile with grimy grout!  Hairs in the shower!  Less than a square foot of counter space!  Refillable soap/shampoo dispensers that some perv or prankster could tamper with!  A wonky shower handle that goes from scalding to freezing to fleshsearing!  Mmm, the water smells like rusty pennies...and now my hair and skin do, too!

Okay, that was disappointing.  I'll be home tomorrow and can get a good shower there.  Time to put on my pjs, order dinner delivery, and get some sleep. 

Deliveries aren't allowed to the rooms?  That's pretty odd (Is there a drug/hooker situation that we're trying to cut back on?  Is the delivery guy just lazy? ).  Guess I'll take off my comfy pjs, get dressed, and ride the death chute down to the lobby to get my dinner.  That has to be the last hurdle, right?

Get back in my pjs, eat my dinner, turn down the a/c, and crawl in bed to unwind with some tv before bed.  Ahh, at least the a/c works!

CLONK!

WTF was that?!?  Oh my god, it was the thermostat!  I thought someone was coming in my room.  C'mon now, it is possible to make a quieter, or even silent, thermostat.  

CLONK!

Really?  So the a/c will make that noise every 15 minutes as it cycles on and off?  Don't think the "good night's sleep" is gonna happen.  I'll give it a -CLONK!- shot.  Just seven more hours until - CLONK!- I can leave this godforsaken place.  Priceline, you really got me on this one.  

Lights out, dozing off.    Oh, a fire alarm and evacuation?  What a perfect nightcap! 

(Yes, I'd rather evacuate than burn to death...although letting this place burn to the ground might not be such a bad idea).

Long story short:  unless you can get this place for a steal, stay elsewhere.  I wish I had.
Where do I begin.......this hotel is the worse hotel I have ever stayed in....DO NOT LET THE NAME FOOL U. The lobby was decent and the front desk clerk was nice and polite.. The hallway was musty the rugs were dingy and filthy. The hallway smelled like it was a smoking hotel and I could've sworn it wasn't. We get into our first room which is a handicap room OK fine except for the fact that it was small as hell and not even a wheel chair could move around in there on top of the fact that the linen was dirty I'm mean visible big stains....OK so we move to the next room and once again dirty linen on bed and in the bathroom dirty once again. So we move to the final room OK things were looking up once again we found a dirty towel folded with the rest and the air filters were beyond disgusting and unsanitary. The room was cleaned by housekeeping and we had to tell her wat to do on top of the fact she didn't restock anything in the room. The elevator was an ice box it was like walking outside every time oh and parking isn't free. In my opinion this hotel is a disgrace to all other Sheraton's...this building should be knocked down and rebuild..... Please Dont waste your time or money with this disappointing sorry excuse of a hotel. Oh and they wrongly charged my card
Where to begin....arrived at 1am after traveling all day so all we cared about was a clean bed. Checked in, and as many other reviews have stated, hotel is in bad shape, it has the feel of a cheap motel. Got in to our room, and it was filthy. Dirty towel in the bathroom, hair on the floor, ripped bed sheet, and what appears to be fecal matter, yes, fecal matter on the ripped bed sheet. We removed the bed sheet and slept on the blanket instead. After falling asleep realized we had to turn the ac off because when ever the unit kicked in the metal cover would fall off, and we did not want to sleep with a gaping hole in the wall so we left it on and turned it off. Terrible nights sleep, terrible hotel, do not stay hear unless they pay you, honestly it's that bad. And I'm not picky, this is my first negative review I have ever given. Also, I see the manager has commented on all the negative posts that it will be remodeled in October, and good because it needs it! But that is no excuse for having ac covers hanging off your walls, flight rooms, and your housekeepers putting ripped bed sheets with brown stains on your beds. That is nothing a remodel will help. Usually stay at sheraton a while traveling, we our even members, but after this I think we will switch hotel brands, I do not trust a brand that ties they're name to this hotel, why they do I will never know. Place would be out of business if it wasn't an airport location where people need to stay somewhere and have limited options. Go elsewhere no matter the cost, or sleep in your car it would be cleaner and safer.
Don't come here;
Front desk= understaffed

Bar/ restaurant = understaffed & incompetent...

Very frustrating at this airport hotel; NO / NONE/ nada quality customer service.....
This place is gross. There was someone outside sitting on the curb at check in.  The bathroom is the size of a closet and doesn't have a fan.  My floor had 2 dogs barking non stop at 3am (checked in around 2a).
I called the front desk and the girl Lisa was very nice but was unable to do anything about it. I went down at 5a to switch rooms as the dogs were still barking... Walked by the room and could smell dog poop when I walked by.  Next morning could still smell it, poor housekeeping! 
Got a coupon for free breakfast but it wasn't even in their hotel- you had to walk across the parking lots to the other hotel to claim it.  The place just felt dirty overall.  Nice staff but uck, never want to stay there again!
I cashed in some starwood points on a long 6 hour layover here.  The hotel looks pretty dated and could defiantly  use a freshening up.  The hallways are dark and depressing although the lobby looks bright and sharp.  Staff was pretty friendly to me. No complaints.

The gym is very basic here and the pool is located outside making it inaccessible during winter months.  Our room was fine.  About what I expected.  A bit annoying that some of the plugs on the desk did not provide power.  Oh well.

Don't think I'd pay to stay here.
Staff was very nice. Guess I didn't realize when I wanted to stay in Philadelphia for a few nights, what I was getting into. Went to see a Phillies game. Really can't take your car, heck I was lost. Hotel did help out. Weather was bad today, they let us cancel our second day visit. We would of had to get a free shuttle to airport and take the train to go downtown today. Glad we came on home. Raining and chilly all day. Oh upon leaving I said it was my birthday and they gave both my husband and I free breakfast. Ty! Bed was comfy also. Not a city girl.
This hotel is miss leading.  The lobby looks updated but the rooms are not.

This is in a circle with two other Starwood hotels, aloft and Sheraton suites  with four points.

I stayed three nights and every night I could smell pot that was being smoked in the second floor and the elevators.  I am not in my early 20s anymore so I don't need to party.

The menu for meals in the restaurant was limited and the front desk suggest I eat at the Sheraton suites for dinner since I did not have a rental car.that was a bad choice.

The rooms are small and out of date.  The bathroom is so small the sink is not in the bathroom, it's in the front of the of the room.

The bed was big and had a lovely bowed action in the middle.  I felt like it was hard to wake up   Because of this.


This hotel was not my choice and I will be looking at the double tree next year for my event and room stay.
So maybe I already had my expectations lowered based on the subpar reviews. I don't know, but it turned out to be a much better (not great, but better) experience than I was expecting.

First, I called the hotel for the shuttle at about 1am. The person told me to make sure I was standing outside and I saw the shuttle shortly thereafter. The driver was super friendly and told me they just circle 24/7.. so at a minimum you should see one within 20 minutes. I got lucky and I appreciate it.

Second, I arrived at the hotel only to find out I botched my reservation and they were sold out. They did some calling and had me checked in and ready to go my room. I surely appreciated them taking care of me because I was exhausted and didn't have it in me to find another place.

So I hopped on the elevator and yes it's old and creaky and the hotel is just average. I arrived in my room it is quite quaint and yes there is no bathroom counter space and no it's not really the most well lit or doesn't belong on lover's lane, but it's quite sufficient. My pillows were EXTRA fluffy (better than other Sheraton and Westin hotels) and my bed was comfortable.WiFi was free which is also a bonus. 

On the way out, I needed a ride back to the airport to grab a rental car, low and behold, the shuttle just dropped me off at the rental place saving me lots of time. Great experience and if you are only going to be in and out of your hotel, it is not too bad.
I called hotel three times on a Saturday afternoon, no answer. I let the phone ring about 20 times each, and nothing! I wanted to add a friend's name to the room so he could check in on his own if he wanted. I was eventually transferred to the toll free reservations desk.

There is a free airport shuttle, but brace yourself for a long wait. On the Saturday I arrived, there were literally about 40 people waiting for the shuttle, which of course was over-capacity. It turns out the shuttle is for the whole SPG complex (aloft, Sheraton, and Four Points). The shuttle is just a normal kind of shuttle; the hotels really should split the vans. The driver loaded as many bags as possible, but there wasn't enough room for all the people, so some people's luggage got separated in the van, which is NEVER a good idea.

The hotel itself was okay. With Four Points hotels, there is no free breakfast, but there is free Wifi and bottled water. The only reason why I picked this hotel was because it was 1500 points and $35 (trying to achieve platinum status with SPG) for a Saturday night. If I wanted the room completely free, it would have been 2000 points. The airport is also not a bad location if you are going to PPL Park for a Philly Union Major League Soccer game (purpose of my trip), as the airport is the safest area closest to Chester.

The gate to get out of the SPG complex is unmanned and takes forever to get out. It's not uncommon for there to be a line of ten cars waiting. The machine that takes credit cards or room keys doesn't work. It also doesn't take cash. There are multiple, confusing slots, so you have no choice but to be patient. Parking for the hotel is $12/night.

On Sunday morning I needed a ride back to the airport. The front desk said, "The shuttle will be here in 10-15 minutes." I waited about ten minutes and saw no shuttle in sight - none at the aloft and none at the Sheraton - as Four Points is the last hotel right before the gate. So, instead I took a $15 taxi (one happened to already be waiting idly) to the airport. 

Between not answering, uncoordinated shuttle service, and lengthy wait times to leave, I give this hotel two stars!
I paid for my son's hotel room at the Sheraton ahead of time using Expedia...and when he arrived, they would not check him in without an adult (he is 18) saying he had to be 21. This is not on their policy page on Expedia. He was by himself in Philadelphia for hockey tryouts and we live in Seattle so there was nothing I could do. I don't know anyone in Philadelphia. The front desk was rude and dismissive. She told him NO hotel would let him stay, and rudely sent him away. What the hell? Was he supposed to sleep on the street? I called and asked if I could speak w a manager and she said 'sure. tomorrow' and dismissed me the same way she did my son. Rude. Uncaring. Unkind. Unbelievable. Luckily for us, the Marriott across the street Welcomed him in, had him checked in and keys ready before the Uber even dropped him off, had a menu for him from a recommended restaurant offering delivery and treated him with such kindness. Don't stay at the Sheraton. They need to rethink customer service and hire better people.
I stayed here after a missed connection at the airport. Checked in in less than a minute, which was great after being exhausted. The hotel was lovely, and staff were extremely professional, courteous, and helpful. They literally put fresh coffee out for me in the lobby at 4am - brilliant. The AC in my room unfortunately sounded a little bit like a fog horn whenever it came on, but I was so happy to be in such a comfortable bed, it barely phased me. Overall, an excellent experience. I will definitely stay here again if ever in town.
