Well, let's get started:

I called a few days ahead of time to ask about an early check in, and was told I should call the day of to see what was available. I called in the morning, and was told there were plenty of rooms, and they took my name. When I checked in, they go: "You're in luck, we have a few rooms left for early check-in!". What? I called this morning, didn't you set one aside for me?

So one of the elevators was broken, and we were on the sixth floor, right by the stairwell door, and had a shared door with the room next door. The doors in this hotel don't have anything to slow the door as it closes, meaning all the doors slam shut automatically. Ugh. Our room had no fridge, and no microwave, which taught me to research those things ahead of time.

We went out for the day, and when we came back, the guy at the front desk was on the phone, with a finger in his ear. The lobby and dining area was packed with screaming kids. Our room was awful - we could hear everything from next door, it took 10-15 minutes to get up to the 6th floor on the elevator (because of kids playing with the elevator), and we switched rooms to the second floor. By a stairwell door again. With a shared door again. With no fridge, no microwave. The kids ended up playing tag in the halls, making tons of noise. Despite my complaints, the hotel did nothing - although they were nice about letting us switch rooms.

The hotel itself is old and shabby, and nothing in the interior has been updated since 1985. Things are fraying, rusted, and the hallways are humid and hot. The showers are awful - they have handicap shower wands that are so old, they don't stay upright, and your shower requires you to use the wand.

I got little sleep, and opened my door to yell at kids running in the hall (their parents/coaches gave no shits). 

The next day, I went home and called Hilton Honors - and told them to give me a refund, which they did.

Avoid this fucking dump.
Unfortunately I had the misfortune of saying here when the hotel was hosting an event for members of the AOPWHNSIAHB,O*  so that impacted my experience.

First the good news....the location is convenient to the interstate and the airport.  There's an Applebee's (or Chili's or something) right across the parking lot.  My bed was comfortable and the room was clean.  The guy who checked me in was nice and very efficient.

Now for the less good...the gym only has one treadmill and there was a line when I was there.  Luckily they were all waiting for me to finish, but still.  The breakfast area is tight and the omelet they served the day I was there was "meh".  Also, the line to make a waffle was out the door thanks to the AOPWHNSIAHB,O.  They've obviously never eaten a waffle before either because they way they were waiting in line, you'd think they were waiting to see the Second Coming or something.  It's just a waffle!

Now for the bad...the walls and doors are paper thin. The idiots from the AOPWHNSIAHB,O thought it was a good idea to have loud conversations in the hallway all night long and it sounded as if they were sitting on my head.  

The worst thing was when I was at the gym, I set my water bottle down on the counter with my towel and phone after I finished running so I could stretch and the guy who was riding the elliptical bike came over, took my water and started drinking it.   I said "Dude, that's my water."  He just put it back and said "sorry" and then got HIS water from where he had set it down.  He apologized a couple of more times, but he should have gone and got me another water, is all I'm saying.  

I usually don't mind Hampton Inns and the place itself isn't awful, this was just a bad stay.  
________________________________________


* Association Of People Who Have Never Stayed In A Hotel Before, Obviously
If there wasn't so many In convince I would of gave this place three stars...

I came here staying for three days and two nights hoping for a stress free mini vacation but turned out to be a fright fest... Came inside and went straight to the front desk to check in...while getting checked in they kept on saying there was in convince from your payment or not aspecting this due to the late  check in....It was nine pm when I got here... I was All tired and want to just checked into my room...but god forbid you have to deal with people...so after an hour and a half of arguing and fixing up complications...I get to go inside and my room...yippy... 

Okies checking in and there was an extra five hindered dollar charge so pretty got charge twice after stepping inside my room within ten minutes... While I waited in the room while things were getting fixed it tooled about an hour and a half again for things to get back to normal again...people that work here does not know what they are doing...the rooms and beds are pretty comfortable....A standard hotel...with all the basics needs a hotel has... Yes there is cable and wifi... 

There is free breakfast buffet! The breakfast buffet is standard... Eggs,bacon,muffins,bagels, fruits,milk, and etc... The food wasn't tasty....the muffins were hard and so was the bagels...oops I almost forgot they have waffles mix...do it yourself waffles... I did that...that was prob the only item I enjoy...even the oranges juiced tasted a little watery...what is up with that... They have a huge parking lot... 

Service is ok...like I said many....any hotel that ends with a inn in it will suck...be aware!
We arrived to the hotel in just enough time to shower for a BIG (and expensive) concert at the Wells Fargo Arena. However, the hotel was in meltdown. The lobby was filled with guests and luggage.  We had taken advantage of Hiltons Pre-checkin and knew our room number. 

After a long wait to obtain keys we learned the room was not ready. Housekeeping was in crisis. Two people had quit, two more had called in sick. Every manager was on site cleaning rooms. 

Despite the pandemonium, the front desk was unflappable. As diamond status members the room was prepped immediately - by the front desk clerk we spoke to first!! April Easenberger.   There were even two towel animals in the room. Amazing!!

She was not the only hero making a home run from a disaster!  There was not ONE cross word uttered from anyone.  In fact, the remaining staff was completely cheerful in the face of often adversarial customers. 

The most noteworthy item is that their unfailing positive attitude, professionalism and truthfulness calmed the majority of customers and even those who continued to press staff did so kindly. 

In the face of the same situation the following morning, NOT ONE ATTITUDE SUFFERED.  Even from the remaining housekeeping staff and the housekeeping supervisor. 

This was truly remarkable.
I a now single mother of 3 I had a personal issue in my life where I had to leave home so I booked a room and I have been at the Hampton for 8 days the first night I checked in my children was putting the juice boxes in the fridge and it was drugs layed out like party favors I called the front desk they dismissed me and told me someone would get to me they wouldn't change my room I'm still waiting me reservation was for Monday till Friday my new home isn't ready so I extend my stay they do not clean your room I stripped the beds yesterday morning I still don't have blankets for me and my children the class of guest here I mean I don't judge anyone but men outside have disrespected me asking me what my price is I didn't know this was a prostitution strip I spend my hard earned money here and it's not cheap to be treated like this I asked the manager for a mask I even offered money because I left mine in the room she was very nasty with me maybe she thinks I'm selling ass like the rest of the girls that hangs outside I wasn't able to take my kids to the pool because the guest are Rambunctious and just out right ghetto  I have no clean wash clothes or towels or blankets I try calling the front they pick up when they want to the last 2 days Have been hell I came here for relief it's been the worst I have lupus I can't afford no germs Because my body cannot fight them do not bring your children here I still need to weeks in a hotel I'm currently looking for another do not come to the airport
I will start this review on a positive note, the staff at the front desk and food service were terrific.
Our group attended Lightfair 2017 a few days ago.  Disappointed with Housekeeping. We had a 2 night stay, unfortunately we came back on our second night with a room that had not been cleaned, towels on the floor from the morning, our used coffee cups and no refills for the next morning. Beds not made. I understand things happen but when I heard the same thing from other co-workers on another floor something is definitely not right.
Thisis a pretty solid Hampton Inn. I have stayed atother Hilton properties around the airport and while I would prefer the Embassy Suites or a full-service Hilton this Hampton is much nicer than either of those near the the Philly airport.

I was arriving late and called to ensure they would hold my room. The young lady that assisted me went ahead and checked me in so I wouldn't have to wait at 1:30 in the morning. 

The hotel itself is older, but it has been renovated. The room was clean and provided a fairly comfortable night's rest. If I have one thing I wish they would improve it's the firmness of the bed. Mine was too soft. 

I did not sample the breakfast or use any of the facilities at the hotel so I can't comment on either of those.
Das Hampton Inn am Airport in Philadelphia ist ein typisches amerikanisches Airporthotel ohne große eigene Infrastruktur mit aber immerhin 152 Zimmern. Damit ist es ausgelegt für typische "One-nite-stays" zu einem akzeptablen Preis-/Leistungsverhältnis. Das Gebäude ist so ein typischer "setz-mitten-in-die-Pampa"-Block amerikanischer Natur.

Vom Zimmer aus kann man den Tower des Flughafens von Philadelphia gut sehen, der Flughafen ist vielleicht zwei Meilen entfernt. Downtown Philadelphia ist acht Meilen entfernt. Wer nach dem Einfliegen noch ein vernünftiges amerikanisches Abendessen braucht, der kann gegenüber zu Ruby Tuesdays gehen.

Was nicht so hervorragend funktionierte war der Pickup vom Flughafen, alle anderen Airporthotels kommen ständig vorbei. Nach einer halben Stunde Warterei rief ich dann mal im Hotel an und dann ging es. Der Fahrer war aber sehr nett und redete ununterbrochen. CheckIn war problemlos und ultraschnell. CheckOut erinnere ich mich gar nicht, da so früh.

Zimmer sind in etwas ältlichem Stil in dunkelbraun-Tönen gehalten. Der Teppich ist aber sauber und zwei Betten stehen dem Alleinreisenden zur abwechselnden Benutzung zur Verfügung. Etwas befremdlich wirkt so ein Kinderzimmerschrank, der eigentlich für nichts gut ist. Klimaanlage ist recht laut. Das Bad ist zwar klein, aber es gibt genügend Handtücher zum wie auch immer gearteten Gebrauch. Zwei Dinge, die man in den USA verstehen kann, aber nicht muss: Auch hier im Hotel sind die Wände so dünn, dass man jedes Schnarchen des Nachbarn hört. Schaut der beispielsweise die ganze Nacht fern, so hört man mit. Und in der ganzen Nacht ist Action, immer irgendwie Türengeklapper, rumlaufende Leute - selbst gegen zwei oder drei Uhr. liegt vielleicht an der Flughafenlage.

Fazit: In der ersten Nacht in den USA wird früh geschlafen und früh aufgestanden. Da braucht man keinen großen Luxus und dafür ist das Hotel in Ordnung.
Somehow this hotel deleted my review. But this hotel is disgusting and I will continue to put it up because they're trying to hide it. They have tons of roaches. I stayed here more times than once and every time I've seen them in different rooms. The first time I came was about a year ago and I left my bag open when I got home and open my bag a roach crawled out of it on this most recent stay I had just ordered food and put it on the counter the room was kind of dim so when I got up to get the food I saw two roaches scurry away I threw the whole plate away. The elevators on the fourth floor did not work I paid about 150 each night plus tax. Several times my room key was deactivated and I had to call twice about the toilet leaking water all over my floorI would not recommend this place to anyone it also smells like mildew
You like the fast and furious movies???  Well let me tell you stay here and you get to experience it... And it all hours of the night. It's kind of like Five Nights at Freddy's where the racing don't stop till 6 in the morning. Instead of getting Dom Toretto and Brian O'Connor. You get to hear folks like burnout Bobby, drag strip Ricky. Doing donuts Donny. Motorcycle Mike. And all their friends..  All night every night..... Weekdays or weekends.. Don't matter they went racing.  
The staff was friendly and the hotel was clean.
They had a security guard that was kind of creepy. Its like be nice but don't hit on guest. It really creepy. 
I'm giving a low score even though the staff was really nice but everyone in that building that work there is well aware of the street racing. They told me that they don't call the police anymore because the police don't do anything about it.  So why don't they provide white sound machines to Guess that request them or just have them in each room. 
The room was clean. Bed was comfy.  Beyond small pool and they closed it at 6. But allowed it to be open longer. But over crowded everyday. 
I wouldn't stay here ever again..... I gave two stars because the interaction they did have with the staff was pretty nice except for the street racing which ruin the whole trip.
Not one of the shining examples of a Hampton.  The lobby is clean and the parking is both plentiful in addition to being gated once the neighboring Ruby Tuesday closes each day.  It's also a short drive from PIA though it does offer a shuttle which I saw often on my trips down to the lobby to take advantage of the complimentary hot breakfast they serve between 6 am to 10 am each day, not at 5:30 am like their guest booklet states.  The aforementioned Ruby Tuesday is the only restaurant within walking distance of you came carless.  That's a shame when a restaurant like Monaghan's Pub lies just 3 miles away in Essington.  

So why the star-poor review?  I stayed in a room on the 6th floor on one of the far ends.  I come here to work and the wifi was unusable.  I could join but that connection would drop every 15 seconds unable to find the default gateway even though the signal showed connected strongly.  Yes, I was logged in according to their instructions.  I addressed this to the front desk and their response?  No one else is complaining!  Since my stay with them cost over $500 for 3 nights I found this unacceptable.  I steered my coworkers away from this location for the upcoming project because of the possibility they may not be able to VPN to our office.  

The other weirdness worth mentioning is the tiny window in one corner of the room with the a/c unit pressed under it which makes sense when the generous summer sun pours in but makes far less when sitting at the desk next to it creating an alternating "freeze then sweat" combination.  That freezing blast isn't all that welcome when you're eating a hot meal at the desk either which is about all I used it for since I couldn't work.
The bus ride from airport is short fun and worth the wait for entertainment alone.  Ok this was the result of a terrible storm.  Really the runways were wet, flights were going to Pittsburgh but not past Pittsburgh.  So, when home has no snow, and there is bad weather somewhere else, this is the best you could hope for.

We got here with a full lobby. Chris did a really awesome job dealing with mob, and making sure everyone got the stranded tourist kit (toothpaste to deodorant).  Even a couple mini waters for the room.  He gave choices for food, and it turned out gas station was only one open.

The bed was awesome.  The room is typical Hampton Inn.  You got enough room to spread out and your worldly possessions not checked in at airport.  Yeah, there's no fridge/microwave, but you can use microwave down stairs outside of breakfast hours.  Breakfast is served until 10 everyday.  

All in all, if you're a refugee of US Airways, and three inches of snow, you could do worse.
This hotel gave me the creepy crawlies. I think the desk clerk was super. A friend reserved the room when my flight was delayed a day. Upon a basic inspection, I got grossed out because so many little human hairs and a couple of insect legs  and bodies were on linens and lamps.  

I called the front desk and the gal set me up immediately with a new room that was significantly less gross (only one or two human hairs) which I brushed away and decided to ignore. It was nearly 2:00 am and I was gonna exhausted from over 10 hours of airport delay. 

I slept okay, but would not book this again. It looked like staff may have taken naps in the rooms. The unused "cleaned" rooms were all propped open with the security latch swung outward so the door wouldn't close. Too tempting for someone to have a quick nap in a "clean" room. I've attached a few pics so you can draw your own inferences.
First off lets start with the good. This is a newer very clean property. The room was very clean well-furnished, tastefully decorated and beds were super comfortable. The staff was friendly and efficient at check-in. The location is excellent for dining and shopping. 

I ran into a few problems here that I never had experienced before with Hampton Inn. I have stayed at dozens of Hampton Inns from coast to coast and never received as many customer service problems as at this property. 
Our room was not serviced by housekeeping on our first night of our stay. I notified the front desk and they told me that if someone is in the room sleeping they won't service the room. There was NO one in room for entire day. They also said if I leave do not disturb sign on door that room would not be serviced. There was no sign on door. I told them it was an obvious housekeeping oversight. I not offered any compensation for the inconvenience as I usually would have when this happened before at Hampton. This happened to me about 5 years ago and was apologized to and was immediately credited with a free night. Instead the front desk agent made it look like it was my fault and said she would look into it. 

Secondly, the breakfast was below par compared to what I have been used to with Hampton Inn. There was no fruit salad or yogurt. The hash browns were mushy. The eggs were rubbery and dried out. 

Also, the internet service was not even close to being high-speed as promised. It was not any faster than dial up modem. It often would lose connection and was just painfully slow. Very difficult to do any web surfing. Never had such slow internet service at a Hampton Inn.

I was really shocked of all the service issues at this property and was not offered any compensation as promised in the 100% satisfaction guarantee. I shouldn't have to ask for it. This is very a nice and clean property but if anything happens during your stay don't expect the 100% guarantee to be honored.
I just wanted to give a huge thank you to the nice young lady at the front desk. Rooms were not ready for guests and she had quite a line of very rude people. She never once lost her calm or demeanor. She has offered several times something to drink while we wait, or a snack, and made sure we were okay. All while still fielding phone calls and arranging for services for guests. 

Thank you very much Alexis! You were wonderful!
I only had to stay here one night.  I'm glad, because it was kind of a hard night.

I had got to the Hampton Inn after driving a few hours from Lancaster, PA.  It was around 9pm, and I had to be at the airport at 5am.  I pulled in, and rolled our luggage to the front desk.  I had installed the Hilton app, so I was already checked in and picked a room.  How convenient is that!

I had picked a room on the 1st floor close to the front desk.  That was my mistake.  I was thinking convenience.  If I had to roll out of there to catch the 4:30 shuttle, I wanted to not have to wait for an elevator.  Sounds reasonable, right?  Well, the room I picked was right across from a maintenance room.  Staff was constantly going in and out of that room.  All we heard was the door opening & closing.  UGH!  Also, we could hear all the conversations from the staff at the front desk.  I was not the closest to the front, so I felt really sorry for the other rooms that were closer.  After a while, I gave up trying to sleep & just stayed up.

There are some good points about the hotel.  There was a free breakfast offered, just not at the times where we could take advantage of it.  The free shuttle to the airport was fine.  Our driver was super nice & helpful!  I broke a nail and the the front desk had a small emery board for me to use.  The business center was clean and easily accessible for me to print up my boarding passes.

The room was clean.  There were lots of towels for just 2 of us.  We had a cute swan towel on the bed.  There was a channel guide which I was so thankful for since I stayed up thru the night.  There were lots of pillows and the bed was very comfortable!

The cost of the hotel was high, but it was a last minute trip and the location to the airport was key for me.  The staff was friendly and helped when I needed it.

Would I stay again?  Maybe, but I would definitely change the location of my room!
I am a gold Hiltons member and usually enjoy Hampton Inns.  This one does not deserve to be affiliated with the Hilton brand.  My analysis, is the hotel takes the business they have for granted.  Being close to the airport helps the occupancy, as is why I picked this one. They told me several times of being over-booked.  Upon a late arrival, the hotel  was out of bottled water and did not greet me as a  gold member or offer snacks as required, even after asking about  open restaurants in the area. The breakfast food quality was terrible.  Room cleanliness was not up to standard and the room had a mildew odor.
One hour and I'm still waiting for the shuttle.  I've called the desk 4 times and no one is answering.  Got to the hotel.  Receptionist was very friendly.  Room was recently renovated and smelled clean and like a new house.
A bit of an older facility, but clean. The bed was comfortable to sleep in and the tv's are also updated flat screens. The only issue was the horrible wifi service. It was barely useable at peak and off peak hours. If this was improved, they would have been at at least 4 stars. Good place to stay, just be aware about the wifi.
I am completely disappointed with the service provided. I checked in on 4/3 at 2000 hours, went to my room in hopes for a hot shower. I've traveled from the west coast, so the only thing that I was looking forward to was a nice hot shower. There I go, turned on the shower, turned the knob to hot water, and waited until I was warm enough for me to get in. I waited for 5 minutes. No hot water. Waited another 5 minutes. No hot water. Doubled checked to see if I turned the knob the right way, which I did. Still no hot water. I called the reception and informed them of the situation. They told me a maintenance person will be up to my room in 10-15 mins to solve the problem. I waited 10-15 minutes. No one came. I wanted an additional 10 mins. No one came. I even called the reception person again, and no one picked up. At this point, it's really late so I just sucked it up and showered in COLD water. 

The next morning I went to  breakfast and I come to find out, I wasn't the only one who had this problem. 

This is unacceptable. I just wanted a hot shower. Can a hot shower be the least I get for $160 a night? This will be the last time I stay at a hotel associated with the brand.
There are certainly more expensive hotels to stay in near this Hampton Inn. Normally I would give any Hampton Inn four or five stars but this one just doesn't quite make the cut.  The front desk staff is short-staffed for the amount of activity-day and night-that I observed.  The guy who seems to be the only one working was definitely paying his dues.

My shower was low-flow, the sink didn't hold water, my room was clean but the hallway wasn't.  The fitness room equipment was in good working order but very cramped.

There is a Ruby Tuesday next door to the hotel, and they did a good job for my meals. If you want something different, there is a Sheraton and a HIlton about 3/4 of a mile one way and an Embassy Suites withing walking distance which also contain restaurants.

Overall, an acceptable place but barely compared to other Hampton Inns.
I really did like this hotel.  It was clean and new the colors were fresh and the bathroom was big.  The folded towels with the chocolate was  a nice touch.  Every staff member that I came into contact with was so friendly and helpful they really went the extra mile for me and I appreciated that.  

The only complaint I had about the room was that there was only one trash can in the sleeping area none in the bathroom a little annoying and we overflowed that fast.  There was more than enough towels though and the ones by the pool were nice and big.  Pool area was clean but in a bit of a shady spot so water was cold and it was kind of small.

The uber ride into the city was $17 (back $15)  I was happy with that as I think parking would be just as much and saved the frustration of finding parking.  Free parking at hotel was a big bonus and breakfast was nothing special but was tasty typical continental breakfast really.
The only restaurant (thing really) in walking distance is Ruby Tuesday's so that kind of stunk.
We arrived on 7/17/19 after many flight and hotel cancellations due to poor weather, and were hoping for a room. Although there were no rooms available, the lady at the front desk offered us a seat, coffee, a list of hotels and information and airport shuttle! I did not get her name :( we were too distressed! But she treated us so well I wanted to give a shout out!!! And she was barraged with calls, check-ins and others like us hoping to find a room for the night. She handled it all with grace and superior customer service!
I check in to this place Feb 9th 2018- Feb 13 2018. First thing I'm going to say if you plan booking through a Third Patty make sure everything was charged correctly. I paid $462.15 to stay here they charged my $24.00 which is a hold on to your account for security purpose if anything damage in the room. I was told I had to swipe my card again when I check in because they said my third party never process $362.00 the gentlemen Benny stated. So, I billed for a King size room and I didn't get my room at all that night flying in from Tampa to Phili. The guy kept on starting we over booked regardless if you paid for a king. I decided go ahead get to beds for that night until next morning hoping one clear up. I went to my first room #616 and #308. Please if you stay in your room take the time to lift your covers and check your sheets make sure they are clean. Make sure your pillow cases have been changed. I have picture I did take to make sure people understand this is something serious especially when you stay in a hotel. I had to go through three rooms where I finally stayed in room 418 which was actually clean. 
Pros: about this hotel they have breakfast 6am-10am and shuttle service all morning long if you need to go the Airport. 

Last but not least when I decided to check out the $362.00 that was a so called a half payment charged was actually a double charge to my account so I ended up paying $820 for just four nights because there mistake so if you decide stay make sure you get hard copy receipt. And make sure you get your money back.
I have stayed here several times on my trips back home from Philly. The staff is ALWAYS incredibly nice; polite and accommodating.  I happened to stay here on a Wednesday; where they were holding a managers reception. The food was wonderful; and the staff again was beyond amazing! I will always stay here on my travels through Philadelphia. 
Huge shout out to Miss Alexis; Miss Olivia and Zach!!!!
You are all amazing people and I can't thank you enough for making me feel welcome here! Appreciate you all!
Cheers!
We stayed there for two nights, checking in at midnight the first night. The front desk staff were very courteous and helpful. Our room was clean as well as the hotel itself. The two double beds were just o.k.-we tend to like a firmer mattress. The free breakfast was a bonus and better than others I have eaten at most hotels. We had a problem with the tv remote and they got right on it to get it working. Over all a good experience.
When my parents and I walked into the hotel we were greeted very kindly by a women named April. She checked us in smoothly and wished us a nice stay however, unfortunately our the quality of our stay immediately went down. When we got to our room, we discovered that it had a horrible smell of ammonia and cigarette smoke (by proof of the cigarette burn mark in the nightstand. Note that this is a "smoke free" floor). The USB plugs also did not work. We called the main office and they placed us in a different room, which shows the kind nature of the staff, but unfortunately we were disappointed again when we found a huge clump of hair in one of the queen beds. Most likely will not be staying here again because of the cleanliness issues.
First, if you're trying to book the Park and Stay option through a 3rd party reservations website, be forewarned, park & stay reservations might not be available through these sites. It's best to book through Hilton's website or by calling the hotel direct.
Second, I've been a (Silver) rewards member for 5(?) years now and have NEVER had a bad experience in a Hilton property - and the streak continues !
We stayed here overnight prior to flying out of Phila. International on vacation. The hotel common areas are clean top to bottom. The staff, including the drivers were friendly, professional and courteous. Rooms clean and quiet. Bathroom amenities were sufficient, water pressure and temp. excellent. In-room TV provides plenty of channels. Complimentary breakfast includes both hot and cold food options along with coffee, tea and cold drinks.
Shuttle service is available on the 5 and 35 minute mark each hour and is only a 5 minute drive, depending on traffic. When we returned, I simply called the hotel direct and was given instructions on where to be for the pick up back to the hotel and our car. Great stay and I will certainly look to the Hampton Inn again next time I'm flying out of Philly.
Overall the staff and hotel were great. 
Areas I would improve on are:
Upon check in (Diamond member) not given the snack that are on display at the front desk, not told about any of the hotel amenities like making a reservation for using the gym, laundry room, or 3-8pm fresh hot cookies served (saw that on my last day), noticeable hallway carpet stains. First room was nothing like I asked for, bathroom issues and request for extra pillows ignored/forgotten. Second room: no trash can, no alarm clock and no iron. Wifi kept kicking off cell when idle, so left on constant streaming to prevent this. Exits have no trash cans, so smokers leave a mountain of cig butts that are not picked up.  Room had stray marks on the wall and a spider in the bathroom, plus spartan bathroom (no decor) baseboards need repainting (brown stains). Maids let doors constantly slam until well past 7pm. Could they not use a door jam when cleaning to prevent this nuisance? Also, vacuums and dirty mop buckets left out during the day and on one occasion vacuuming hallway at 9:30pm.
Filthy... the hallways and elevators haven't been vacuumed.  Every surface in the room was sticky and there are cigarette burns on the nightstand.
Let me start by saying that I am a40 Year loyal Hilton honors member and have been Diamond level for 20 years.  I have stayed in over 1000 Hilton hotels.  
This is the WORST hotel in the Hilton chain. 
We stayed there in June 2021.  When we checked in, the person at the front desk acted strange, made a call and got very nervous before signing our room.  I asked if everything was ok and he responded that he had to get something from our room.  ?!?!   When he came back, he gave us keys and we went up to the room.  The elevator was "trashed", the inside has turn carpet, broken panel, graffiti  on the walls and smelled like marijuana. 
When we got to our floor, it also smelled like marijuana.  When we opened our room, the beds were messy, the sink had not been cleaned and there was a condom on the floor be the bed. 
We went back down and got a different room.  The second room had one made bed and the other had obviously been slept in.  
Others were complaining about the smell, cleanliness and what looked like sex workers in the lobby.  
Our Bill at check out also charged us $70 for parking.  We didn't have a car. 
This is an embarrassment of a hotel and one to AVOID at ALL COST.
