BEWARE: There are bedbugs here.

After the most efficient check-in process you can imagine, Hampton Inn was off to a great start. The rooms are spacious with a living area that has a flat screen tv, kitchenette with a refrigerator and microwave, pullout sofa, desk and chair, along with a large bedroom and bathroom.  Full, hot breakfasts are included with the rate, the staff is friendly, the $10 airport shuttle picks up and drops off there, a business center is available and there are cookies and water in the lobby in the evenings. 

Conveniently located a cross the street from the Philadelphia Convention Center, this was an ideal choice for accommodations, or so I thought. The first mishap was that the pullout bed in the front room had a mattress that was so worn down I was essentially sleeping on springs. When I brought this to the attention of the front desk staff, they were apologetic and they brought a roll away bed and a goodie bag as an apology. That was nice.

Unfortunately, the trouble didn't end there. A day into our stay, my roommate felt very itchy and soon discovered a rash that progressed throughout the course of the week. Given the location of it, we were suspicious that it was related to something at the hotel. The confirmation by a physician of bed bug bites resigned me to giving the Hampton Inn 2 stars. In their defense, the hotel has been professional and accommodating throughout the process - filing an incident report, taking pictures of the rash, offering medical evaluation, planning to quarantine the room and surrounding rooms and providing compensation for our mishap.

Well, things happen. Although I probably won't be staying at this Hampton Inn again for obvious reasons, I'm still a fan of the chain. 1 star for my initial impression of the place and 1 star for how they handled the unforseen circumstances. Hopefully they will replace the matresses and clean the rooms a bit better in the future.
Major points for convenience!  

Hampton Inn was an easy choice when planning a long weekend trip to Philly

We were w/in easy walking distance to almost everything we wanted to see / do & public transit access was super close by as well - also only 2 blocks from the Market East train station - to get us back to the airport & this was especially awesome!

Room was clean & beds were comfy.  Pillows were just on this side of being too soft & my friend's request to get his replaced were ignored

Shower was clean & water pressure was adequate

No fridge - boo!

FREE WiFi

Staff was very nice & helpful when giving out directions or making recommendations

TONS of kiddie sports teams were staying in the hotel but thankfully we didn't hear them.  We'd def stay here again
Beware !!! Bed bugs 
The worse experience of my life . My husband,children and I traveled to Philly to see family from dec 26/30 . The hotel was chosen due to the proximity to his family and the downtown conveniences.  The staff in the evening were ok , but the one in the morning splendid the breakfast unorganized but a plus . The first night we noticed bites on my husband we didn't think much of it,as the days progressed he was getting worse and I started showing symptoms ..... We consulted with a doctor and he confirmed my suspicion bed bugs .....  So I was like hmmm let me check the bed bug registry chaching  !! There it was for me to see :( next time I will check and for sure we will never stay here again . I am sadden by the experience because I really wanted to like  this place and I normally don't like leaving bad reviews .... But this is to help others out ... Think about your options before staying.
This hotel is okay in my book! I stayed here for one night only and it was a great experience. The guy at the front desk was friendly and extremely   
helpful as I needed to make a change to my reservation. He went above and beyond to make the adjustment and he did it with a smile.

The lobby is warm and inviting. There's places to sit, a bar off to the right of the entrance and a complimentary coffee station for guest to enjoy! 

The room was modern and very nice! Everything was fresh and clean which always a plus. There's a microwave, mini fridge, a safe and a mini keurig in the room. I had a good nights sleep in the comfortable full size bed! 

There's an option to self park your car about a half block away, or you can use their valet service. Both will cost a little over $30 so be prepared for that.

It's Philly, so be prepared to see lots of homeless people in the area. There were a few across the street sleeping on the ground, but they didn't bother us at all. I've stayed in this area several times and I've never had a problem.
We decided to spend our 4th July in Philly at the last minute and had the choice between an apartment on Airbnb and this hotel for almost the same price. 
The location was great, we walked all over downtown and could easily go to museums and restaurants. Everybody was nice. 
The breakfast however was not good: not enough choice and poor produce quality. The room was spacious but had no style, everything seemed to be from another era. I find it very surprising that hotel chains would not upgrade their facilities to compete with the new options in the hospitality industry. Which seem like something they could easily do.
Me and my husband were in Philly for the July 4th weekend. We're HHonors gold member and have always enjoyed our stays with the Hilton group hotels, but sadly, not this one. When staying in a hotel, the most important thing to us is to feel comfortable and being able to sleep. We went to bed at night and then were awake by itchiness. We both did not sleep well. My husband's arm and my ankle were bitten, my ankle is still swollen and very itchy 2 days after checking out the hotel for . I google the insect bites and most likely those are flea bites since they like to bite on the ankles. We talked to the front desk and their manager. They promised they will refund our points and will have pest inspection. The pest inspection report came out as no finding. I find it hard to believe because they refused to share the report.  If a customer said that they got bites at your hotel and hotel had no finding of pest activity, wouldn't the hotel be willing to share that information to calm the customer down? By refusing to share the information, it just make them look even more suspicious.   We will never return to this hotel again if we visit Philly in the future.
The first night we arrived, the hotel was overbooked so they sent us to a different hotel. We were told to come back for the 2nd night. When we checked in the next day and left our bags in our room to get food, within that 30 minutes when we were gone, my bag was stolen. We told the hotel and an hour later, they found the bag in a different room. They said someone with a key entered our room and took my bag. 

I looked through my bag and saw my wallet with all my cash, credit cards and IDs were missing. I told the hotel and they didn't have security cameras in the hallways and were not able to connect the other key that entered our room and the person using it. We had to file a police report. This took up our entire afternoon and we missed a wedding. The person who took my wallet spent $200 using my credit card at Guess. We still have no answers and I have to replace my entire wallet. On top of all this, parking is not connected to the hotel. There's a lot nearby where if there are spots, you pay $30/night. 

The hotel said they would comp for the stay (minus parking) but we are still waiting for that refund a week later and it does not make up for us missing the wedding, the inconvenience of an entire wallet being stolen and the additional cash lost through it (which is higher than the hotel stay), and the fear of being robbed again. We had to pay for parking both nights and had to move our car in the afternoon to avoid getting double charged for parking. Sunday 4am, there was loud knocking outside of our door for 5-10 minutes, likely drunk people in the hallway. 

We will NOT return to this hotel and frankly, would likely not return to any other Hampton Inns. I would not recommend. I understand theft can happen at any hotel but it's a problem when the hotel is unable to track back who the theft is that entered two of the hotel rooms, leaving us with many unanswered questions and a non-enjoyable weekend for our vacation.
I typically LOVE Hampton Inns, and I was very excited to stay here, but it was a big let down. Upon arrival there was no one at the front desk, another guest who was waiting to check in had to open the door for us. The person before us had been waiting for over 10 mins. The desk attendant had been outside on a smoke break. She was not the least bit apologetic when she came back. When we got to to the room I saw hairs in the shower, the toilet didn't look clean and our tv didn't work. We called someone to fix the tv, it seemed like the front desk forgot to even tell the tech. I waited an hour for someone to come, then called back. After calling back then someone came up right away. Also, part of the reason that I selected this place was because of free breakfast. It is now breakfast in a bag, which consist of an apple and granola bar. I would never stay here again.
I love the Hilton Hotel brands, and love them even more because I'm a Gold member.   Each of their hotel brands gives a special perk for their members.   The Hampton Inn doesn't really have a special concierge floor but they do try to accommodate with little perks!  This location was bustling with tons of gymnasts coming for the Pink International Meet.   

Parking:   Yikes...kinda scary!   The hotel is on a corner, and they offer valet, but since they are ACROSS the street from the Philly Convention center, the valet area sits right at the corner of 'take your life in your hands' and 'whoa, was that car really close to hitting me'.  So, unload your bags, very quickly, and run to the curb.   Beware, do wait for the valet to give you a ticket, and make sure your car doesn't get hit as soon as it leaves for it's destined parking space.

Front Desk:   Amazing...the staff was so accommodating, answering my billions of questions, and providing me with a handful of goodies:  vitamin water, regular water, snacks, and free bar drink tickets!  Score.

Hotel:   The rooms were average Hampton rooms.  We booked two rooms, and they accommodated our request of high floor, rooms nearby.  The rooms were next to the elevator but we didn't hear any noise.   It was a restful sleep.

Bar staff:   Friendly, generous, and accommodating!   We brought in our own pizza after the competition, and enjoyed the tables in the bar area.  

Overall, this hotel is clean, has friendly staff, and conveniently close to the convention center and Reading Terminal Market.
I like staying at hotels and enjoy staying at places such as the Hampton Inn -- and have stayed at several Hampton Inn's on the east coast.  This one was nice, the lobby and the rooms were clean -- and the price was right.

There were two things I was disappointed about with this particular location though:

1) The valet parking: They park the cars a fair distance from the hotel and can take upwards of 20 minutes to get your car when you need it.

2) This particular location only has two room configurations -- one with two double beds and one with king beds.  Granted that this location is near the convention center and it is probably more tailored to the business traveller, but it would be nice if they had a room which had two queen size beds as well -- especially useful when you are travelling with two small kids.

Otherwise, the buffet breakfast that I have come to expect from places such as the Hampton Inn was edible and there was plenty to eat.
Let me start off by saying the GM took care of my stay by giving me Hilton Points after I contacted him. He was more than generous.  We spent 1 night in the hotel.  The Negatives: room wasn't clean, sheets/pillows were very wrinkled, had bloodstained towels, key system didn't work, front desk employee couldn't tell me how far Chinatown or Liberty Bell was to walk.  Chinatown was 5 minutes away and Liberty Bell 15-20 minute walk.  Valet parking is $35 and walk-up parking is $25. Do the walkup parking.  Front desk person said he wouldn't me if it was safe to walk; that I would be upset if I got attacked (Nice!)  Concierge came over and showed me the parking lot and said it was OK to walk.  He was very helpful.  

Close to Convention center and Chinatown.  Breakfast was normal Hampton breakfast but was way too hot!  It was packed with people!  Hotel has a bar.
Not too bad! It seemed to be fairly well priced for the proximity to the convention center. It did seem like it was an area where you might see some people who are homeless (as mentioned in a few other reviews), but that didn't make me feel unsafe at any time, even walking around at night on my own. I loved how close it was to Chinatown - within a 5-10 minute walk to yummy boba and authentic Chinese food. 

Back to the room... it was pretty standard: two double beds, nightstand, desk. It didn't have a fridge at first, but I requested one at the front desk and they accommodated right away with no extra cost. The staff are friendly and helpful. The housekeeping team did a thorough job. 

There's a hot breakfast every morning, which was convenient. They had eggs, sausage, cereal, make-your-own-waffle stations, pastries, some cut up fruit, and oatmeal. 

Overall, I had a good stay. I wouldn't come here again only because I typically use airbnb when traveling (but didn't this time because I was on a work trip).
We spent two nights at the Hampton Inn, which we chose for proximity to the convention center for the flower show. It was around a 20-30 minute walk to the historic district and while, yes, there is a homeless presence as other reviewers mention, I never felt unsafe and really only encountered panhandling. I did feel a little better walking along some of the other streets (as opposed to Race), so you may want to try that at night and then just go straight up 13th.

The hotel is a standard Hampton Inn in terms of rooms, breakfast, and services. The real asset at this property is customer service; I almost felt like I had wandered into Disney by some of the upbeat customer service here. Every single employee was over the top nice - they'd stop and ask how you were doing and chat. Every time. From the front desk, to the cleaning staff, to the people at breakfast. Everyone was amazing.

The self parking is down the street a little and costs $30, with that being the only real downer (also valet for $39). I think they were overwhelmed with people there for the flower show and were actually closing the lot, but let us in as hotel guests. They charged us for only one day and demanded we come back the next day after 3 to pay for the second day - so that was an annoying hitch (as opposed to just paying up front for the entire stay). Another couple was there trying to pay for their second night, so it wasn't just us. Valet charges can just be made to the room and I wish the self parking could work the same way.

Overall a great stay and I would recommend.
On the older side of the Hampton Inns I've stayed at, but a prime location if you're in town for a convention. Neighborhood is a little rough around the edges but that's just metropolitan charm, I suppose. Very close to china town If you're so inclined. Also a 5 minute walk to Reading Terminal Market, a must for lunch! And just as close to trains.
Rooms have enough wear to appear less-than clean. Walls are thin. Employees all very friendly and accommodating. Breakfast typical of Hampton Inn - diy waffles, oatmeal, yogurt, fruit, pastries, bagels, toast, cereal, and hot bar with usually eggs, meat, potato.
My boyfriend and I stayed here for two nights while in Philadelphia. It was a decent Hampton Inn with nothing really special that made it stand out to me, but it got the job done. 

Room here was decent. Bed was comfy and bathroom was decent. The one thing I really enjoyed about this hotel is that our room had a wonderful view of Downtown Philly. 

They offer a gym, which is standard with hotels these days. I went down there one morning, but only stayed about 30 minutes. The machines where old and out-of-date. I felt like the treadmill was going to fall apart while I was on it. Oh well, I got some small workout in. 

I enjoyed the breakfast while staying here, which is typical hotel buffet (cereal, bagels, fruit, coffee, etc). There is also a bar here that offers Happy Hour drinks every day 3-7pm. I ordered their Watermelon Martini one day (that was on special) and it was pretty good!

This hotel is also within walking distance to all the touristy places to visit in the city. But be forewarned, if you go in the wrong direction, you will be in a not so great area after a couple of blocks (I learned my lesson!). 

Staff here is also very nice and helpful. 

I would stay here again in the future. 

Cheers!
I'd never stayed at this particular hotel, although the chain itself has a good reputation.

The good things: the staff was uniformly friendly and helpful; the room was beautifully laid out and tastefully outfitted, with a rather large bathroom; the breakfast selection (which came with the room) was excellent.

My reservations were about the sorts of niggling things that might matter less for other people, so I'm citing them:

--The 24/7 coffee service in the lobby is a wonderful perk (so to speak!), and it would have been even better if they had urns that kept the coffee consistently hot. As it stood, whether the coffee was hot or not was sort-of-a-crapshoot.

--The lightbulbs in the room -- lamps, no overhead -- were strong enough for general lighting, but not quite strong enough to read by, either in the bed or in the comfortable armchair-and-ottoman set (which had its own stand-up lamp). When I reported this to the desk on my first full morning, however, I got excellent service: first the woman at the desk brought up regular 75-watt bulbs from the bodega next door; then, a half-hour later, a fellow from facilities came up with the newfangled-type bulbs, which were even better.

--The cable-TV system was a bit wonky, prone to "freezing" on certain stations. (For those who like PBS, it's buried way up on channel 50.)

But I really enjoyed my stay, and I'm looking forward to staying again.
We had a great time at this hotel. The rooms were clean and quiet; the Terminal Market and some nice restaurants were within walking distance; the indoor pool was pleasant.

But what really set this hotel apart is the customer service. From the moment we arrived, we felt welcome. The bellhop unloaded our bags from our car and took them into the hotel for us. Our kids were given goody bags (what other hotel does this?) and the woman at the check-in desk was outgoing, cheerful, and helpful. Cookies and hot cider were available in the lobby (for free). When we were getting ready to go for a walk outside, the check-in clerk gave us umbrellas to use. Again, I ask: what other hotel does this?!

The following morning some of the members of my family were late to breakfast. Any other hotel would have said, "sorry, it is past 10 am. We are closed." But the Hampton Inn staff allowed us to "sneak in" to the breakfast room and grab a few things to eat.

At the time, my wife and I both commented that this hotel had an unusually high level of customer service--even better, in fact, than the ritzy Four Seasons in Las Vegas, where we stayed last month. 

Little did we know just how good this hotel's customer service would prove to be.

Two days after leaving Philadelphia, I realized I had lost my driver's license. This was a source of considerable stress because I knew I would need photo ID to board my flight to Denver the next day. When I couldn't find the license anywhere, I called Hampton Inn and asked if they had seen it.  To my delight, they had found it and were holding it for me. Unfortunately, I was unable to drive to Philadelphia to retrieve it. (No driver's license, so could not drive legally.)  I was staying in Columbia, Maryland, about two and a half hours away.

Initially, the plan was to have the hotel fax me a photo of the license, which I hoped to be able to use to board the plane. Then the hotel would send the license itself to my home in Colorado. I was pretty sure this would get me through security.

Then I received a remarkable, unexpected phone call. It was Mr. William Piper, the hotel's concierge. To my utter shock, Mr. Piper OFFERED TO DRIVE DOWN TO COLUMBIA, MARYLAND, to hand-deliver the license to me. I was stunned by his generosity. I immediately offered to reimburse him for his time, but he insisted it was no trouble. At 11 o clock that night, 9 hours before my flight was to depart from BWI, Mr. Piper and his lovely girlfriend showed up at my sister-in-law's doorstep with license in hand. It was such a relief to me and my wife to know I would be able to board my flight the next morning without any problem.

I had the feeling that William would refuse a tip, so I put his tip in a sealed envelope and told him it was just gas money. 

In my entire life, I have never experienced customer service like this. This is as good as it gets.  I will be writing to Mr. Piper's bosses to let them know about  their remarkable employee.

The next time my family visits Philadelphia, we will be staying at Hampton Inn. In fact, from now on I am going to make an extra effort to stay at Hilton-owned hotels wherever I travel.
Traveled up to Pennsylvania for the Thanksgiving day holidays.  Stayed here for the night before heading to my sister's for Turkey day.

Somewhat disappointed with the stay.  Partly because of COVID, partly because of Governor Tom Wolfs new "lockdown" effort, and partly on Hilton.

Room wasn't ready, so we were given a different room.  Too close to the elevator.   View was a little worse,  but at least we were on the correct side of the hotel.  We weren't recognized as Diamond members,  and were provided any water or snacks at check in.  No breakfast- which I knew, but no coffee in the lobby at all.  Terrible. 

Hopefully someday we can get back to normal, and service can return.
Great hotel. Slightly upset about the $300 for a one night in a regular room with two beds but there was a music  festival and the pope was in town so i can understand the high prices. 

Plus they were able to accommodate me the Saturday i drove in to philly while all this was going on.

The hotel is at most 10 minute walk from the city center which is a definite plus. The 40 dollar valet parking not so much.

The room was nicely appointed and the bathroom was modern. And always a big selling point for multiple girls in a room there were outlets everywhere. Phones curling irons and hair straighteners all plugged up at one time. I love using electricity i dont have to pay for.

Shout out to the complimentary breakfast. Much needed after a late night out. And it wasn't just cold cereal and bagels. Make your own waffles, potatoes,  eggs were also an option.

Also id like to thank the hotel for not penalizing me for a late check out i know we were a couple hours late getting out of there!
I guess other reviewers are giving 3 stars for a "3 star hotel" (okay, technically not even 3 stars)  but I'm basing my 5 star rating on the overall experience for the price.  I stayed here for two nights over Philly Pride this year.  Not only was it the cheapest hotel in center city but it was the lowest rate for any hotel chain in the city.  

For what I paid, it was great!  The lobby was clean, bright, and well appointed and the room was also clean and comfortable.  The staff was friendly and helpful and the building overall is modern and well-kept.  The breakfast spread and dining room had more variety and was larger than I expected or have seen at othe rhotels. There was nothing uneventful about my stay here, which is a good thing!  

So yes, in many ways it is an 'average hotel' but it's an average hotel in a prime location and you can do *a lot* worse.  If I can get that same rate again, I would definitely stay here again.
Clean and very friendly hotel located next the Philly's Convention Center. It was very convenient to attend my convention being held this past weekend since it was literally next door (but not attached to the Center). Breakfast is held in the lobby's dining area from 6am-10am, so I was able to grab some food easily (versus other hotels have really short and EARLY breakfast hours).

The service was ridiculously friendly. Even our housekeeper of the floor greated us by our room number when we were waiting for the elevator: "Good morning room 801!" I was a little scared because usually my Philly interactions are more on the rudder side, but I embraced it.

They have an indoor pool and gym. I unfortunately not utilize any of these amenities. Also, they have cookie and lemonade hour in the afternoon. The chocolate chip cookies are warm and gooey. Yes, better than Doubletree's hotel. Just throwing this fact out there to all those who book their hotels based on cookies....because I am one of those people.
As if the level of services and comfort reach their level, it is a sad hotel, with no intent in warming the place. It reminded me of old patterns seen in the 70's (which I love to see) but the vintage spirit here doesn't look that fresh.
Paying less, going to a smaller hotel, have a great breakfast in town, could have been a better idea.

Meanwhile, well located and Philly is walkable from there really easily
Worst Hampton inn ever, Tanisha or Kanisha the lady at the desk is very rude, I found blood on my sheets and dead flies on the shower
Awful service! Booked a king bed room on groupon, only to hear they never received our reservation. All they could do was put us in a double room because their Kings were booked for the night. Fine, but we did not get an apology from Martina Delgado, the manager on site, and our complimentary champagne/gift bag (that we asked for since we weren't getting the room we paid for) did not come. She told us the assistant manager would be in at 4 to assist us and he would contact us. Go back down to the lobby at 5:30 and another woman tells us the manager is coming in at 6 and he will figure it out. That seems like a whole lot of passing the buck to me. Martina never once apologized and tried to intimidate us by saying SHE was the manager onsite and the other assistant general manager was already informed of our situation. At least this other employee apologized! Imagine driving from out of town for Valentine's Day for a mini getaway and not getting what we ALREADY paid for (a $300 king room) and then being lied to. Some of their staff should be taught that an apology and sympathetic behavior can really get you somewhere, these days.

UPDATE: later on in the night, the second employee we spoke to, hand delivered a bottle of champagne, so not all was lost. Never saw or heard from this alleged assistant general manager, but at least this employee apologized and gave us what we were promised.
Stayed here for a recent conference at the convention center. You cannot beat the proximity. The area around it isn't wonderful, but if you walk a block to the other side of the convention center you are right near Reading Terminal Market and other destinations.
The hotel has been great. I had read the reviews that mentioned the friendly staff- they weren't kidding! The staff has been awesome. I was in room 825, at the end of the hallway. Very surprised by how quiet it was for being in the heart of the city. Room was immaculate. Tv is huge. Fridge and microwave, and a nice sized desk area to work. I was most excited by a decent hair dryer in the bathroom, instead of the normal useless hotel hair dryer.
Parking is pricey, but it's the city. $39 for valet (my choice) or $30 for self park. Can summon your car electronically if you valet, and I believe there are in and out privileges.
Free breakfast with lots of choices. Tons of carbs, if you like that, but also some sort of omelet/egg and other protein, yogurt, hard boiled eggs, etc. my kids would love the waffle bar- the only thing missing was ice cream.
I'm a New Yorker and this was my first time in Philly. I chose this hotel due to it being part of The Hilton Hotel. What a disappointment. We had to pay for parking, there were no suitcase carriers. When we got to the room, there were no hangers in the closet. The room was small. The front desk staff were not attentive and appeared to not have answers to many of my questions. They appeared to be quick about getting my credit card. Thank goodness that this was just an overnight stay. I went outside to smoke and were people smoking marijuana by the hotel. Also, the price($160.00) was not appropriate for this area. The stay should have been under $100.00. I will never come back here and will not recommend this place to family or friends.
Me and my boyfriend stayed here this weekend. It was the cheapest for the weekend in Philadelphia that included breakfast. We got there and the doors do not open unless you have a key to a room so we had to run in when someone else was going in. We got to the front desk and the lady was really nice. They do charge 60$ though as a security upon arrival. We paid and they gave us our key and we went to our room. The room was really pretty overall but the bathroom was quite tacky and not spotless. They also only gave you one set of shampoo, body wash, conditioner, and bar soap so you had to leave the bar soap by the sink and put the rest in the shower. There were also no cups in the room so we had to drink straight from the faucet. We checked the ice machine too (which was broken with no sign) and there were no cups there either. The bed was overall relatively uncomfortable and there were stains on the bedding and towels. 
The location was near a 7-11 so there was some homeless people out there asking for money and coffee. We didn't really explore the area much so I can't speak much on that. 
Due to COVID there are restrictions and I get it but online they advertised a bar and breakfast and there was no bar and the breakfast wasn't even offered. You had to ask for it. It was a paper bag with a banana, an apple, two granola bars, and a drink mix. Pretty mediocre considering I paid 184$ for one night. 
This hotel is really just a place to lay your head at night and nothing special about it stands out. Just another hotel in Philadelphia that you have to pay for parking at (30$) and is relatively unimpressive.
So let me start by saying that we stayed here for a week because of a conference. We literally checked out an hour ago - Everyone from check-in, at breakfasts, at the front door, were absolutely WONDERFUL! The room was great as well - clean, had air-conditioning (which is important, because Philly's weather was horrible this week!), but the reason I am only giving it two stars is because the ladies who are currently working the front desk. At check-out they were BEYOND rude. 

My co-worker and I asked for a snack bag for the road (because they had been out ALL week in the mornings) - they replied that "sorry that's only Monday - Friday. Proceeded to put their heads down. 

I explained "Oh sorry! We were here for the whole week for the conference, have a 5hr drive, and actually asked someone yesterday if the snack baga would be available tomorrow (Saturday) - to which they replied "yes". 

The front desk ladies proceeded to say "no, we don't have them on Saturday's"... They literally laughed at us like we were dumb, and then just looked down again and proceeded to ignore us (again). 

Ok.... so my colleague and I proceeded to return to our room, to get out luggage. 

However, really??? Seeing as how we just spent a FORTUNE staying here for a week at $300 bucks a night... Could you spare a snack bag or two???

I was actually bragging about this place at my conference and how amazing the staff was - and to leave on this note, literally feeling laughed at - ignored - and not appriciated as a guest... Was really unfortunate. 

I understand that you might not give out the travel bags on the weekends - Ok - no problem, but to respond in that manner? Or not even try and say, we can do this instead since you were informed incorrectly, etc... 

Just really horrible horrible service - I have actually never left a hotel feeling this way, which is sad because the whole week prior and the people were wonderful!
Man I sure do love having my reservation cancelled 4 days before my stay on a busy convention weekend because they overbooked. That is just... THE ABSOLUTE BEST customer service.
The girls at the front desk pretty much begged me to write a review--I didn't even have a yelp account but here it goes Danielle: really nice hotel at a good price a couple weeks before Christmas when I worried prices would be crazy. Nice bar and restaurant in the lobby. Valet parking is $35, which is high but not at all crazy for Philadelphia. It's a good hotel and Danielle deserves a raise for her promo and friendly service :)
I was very nervous to stay here after reading 2 bedbug posts. We stayed for one night with 2 adults and 2 children. After an hour long inspection of the beds and room I (almost) stopped worrying. The room was basic but clean and comfortable. The location was great for walking to Franklin Institute. There is a pool which could use a good cleaning, but the kids loved it. The staff was friendly and they gave us an extended checkout. They had a huge breakfast which was packed. The staff continuously refilled everything and again the kids loved it. We had a nice time at a reasonable cost.
I stayed on business.  The location is in the city.. busy streets..valet is around $34 or so.  Upon arrival the hotel is modern, kept immaculate throughout the day.  The staff was amazingly welcoming and helpful. They appeared to truly love their career, which spilled over to how the guest are treated.  My room,  9th floor, was clean and in order.  Includes fridge and microwave and nice couch to relax.  The hot breakfast bar served in the morning was good and convenient and the bar and food available at the hotel restaurant was also good. They bake fresh cookies everyday for guest. I enjoyed my stay in every aspect and would stay again when visiting.
I stayed at the Hampton Inn for a conference this past week and thought that it was really great.  My room was very clean (the whole hotel was spotless), and the free wireless was greatly appreciated.   It is conveniently located half a block from the Convention Center.  Although there were a few suspicious characters loitering around on occasion, and the street that the hotel is located often appears somewhat empty, I didn't feel particularly unsafe when walking around and it is not located in what I would consider a high-crime type district.   It is one block from Arch, a fairly busy street.  The pool and whirlpool were a bit on the small side, but well kept up and clean.  What really impressed me about the hotel, and the reason that I am giving it 5 stars, was the incredibly helpful and attentive staff.  The bellhop actually volunteered to take a full cart of luggage from the hotel to our car (parked a block away) when we checked out.  The hotel is conveniently located close to the Convention Center, City Hall, Reading Terminal Market, Macy's, Chinatown, and other downtown sites.  Independence Hall and the older historic area of town are a quick 15 minute walk away and Rittenhouse Square and Logan Square are also within a 10 minute walking distance.
Nice hotel, spacious and clean rooms

Really enjoyed my stay here. Taking one star off for the furniture and design of the room, seemed a bit used and outdated. Could definitely use some renovations

Either than that the hotel was perfect. Concierge was very polite and the free breakfast was decent, better than your average free hotel breakfast
If you are choosing hotel for super stylish decor and luxury you might not give this property 5 stars but if you truly appreciate excellent service and a feeling of being truly welcomed by staff and treated like a guest then you will love this hotel. I travel for work over 100 days of the year for many years now and the management, front desk staff, valets and housekeeping really wowed me and made me feel at home during my 10 night stay. Every interaction staff seemed willing to go out of their way to be helpful and quick and friendly. Good downtown Philadelphia location just a block from convention center, reading terminal market and Chinatown. They have a free breakfast. There is hot coffee and tea 24/7 in lobby. My room was clean and bed comfy. Nice desk area with comfortable chair for getting work done. Nice hot water with good water pressure in shower.
This desk staff is lazy and inept. They mistakenly said my reservation was paid for three not four days (until I proved them wrong with my emailed receipt) and even after this hassle locked me out of my room...!!!!
They rented a room to a late arrival of drunken partiers in the room above mine on a Sat nite--did nothing when I complained. The breakfast was a joke. Inedible food and bright green bananas each day. Seedy part of town. Not worth the money--go elsewhere.
Ugh, I wanted to like this place! The staff was friendly, and the rooms were spacious. The fitness center was pretty nice, and the free coffee/hot chocolate was great. 

Unfortunately, the beds were not comfortable, and my room was DIRECTLY next to the elevator. That meant it took me over an hour each night to fall asleep, because of the very loud elevator noises that were going on until almost 1am. Terrible. Why put rooms that close to an elevator if the walls aren't thick enough to block out the noise?!?!
The night before I arrived in Philly my knee went out of joint.  ?   Had no idea what to do but go to my room and collapse, (in pain).  From the moment I checked in, I had such personalized service! Denise retained a room close to the elevator; so, my hobbling was cut in half. And, what a room! No COVID concerns here: immaculate. Jess even brought an ice packet up to ease the swelling. These ladies thought of EVERY thing. I am most grateful! The location is perfect.  Next time, I hope to be able to walk it!
This is my 4th or 5th stay at this hotel, and it is my go-to choice when I'm traveling to Philadelphia. I have never had a bad experience! I continue to choose this hotel because it has a good location, is affordable, always has clean rooms, nice beds, free breakfast, friendly staff, and a restaurant on site! I don't give it the full 5 stars because it isn't as nice as a 'five star hotel,' but it's a good deal if you just need your room to relax and get a good night's sleep.

Some tips: If you're a Hilton Honors member, make sure they have your number at check in, and you'll get complimentary bottled water. The restaurant on site is convenient, but the food is average. The panini is decent, but I do not recommend the burger. And at $9/glass for the house wine, it's worth it to walk the few blocks to the Wine & Spirits to get a whole bottle for the same price.
Place is a dump. Was expecting a nice week with my wife in Philadelphia and visiting family... will never stay in Philly again. had a very uncomfortable experience with cleaning lady. My family and I we are from Honduras and we were made to feel very uncomfortable by a cleaning lady I could only get her first name, Fame. she kept knocking on our asking how much things cost. when I told her I didn't have any money to give her (I had tipped earlier in the day) she started ranting under her breath about immigrants and Donald trump. I felt very insulted by this lady especially how she kept knocking on our door yelling it made me think maybe she was on something. If you are an ally do not hire these kind of people
Pros - location - situated right near the convention center, reading market, china town, and restaurants. 
Free breakfast 
Bar - didn't partake. Unusual for hampton Inns, like the idea. 
Nice staff 
Cons - room smelled a little stale. 
Something about this place made me itch. Not sure if it's the stale bedroom or the area. I had to check myself out 2 days early bc of this. 
Area is slightly seedy. It really depends on the street. One street you're fine, the next it turns sketchy. 
Valet is expensive - $35! Use the lot left kiddy corner to the hotel. It's $25 day. I could see my car from my room, so that made me feel comfortable.
Nice hotel at a great location.  Our room was clean and the staff were extremely helpful and nice.  If you're visiting Philly like us, then you definitely need to visit the Reading Terminal for a snack or meal.  
Tip: request a refrigerator in your room if you'll be staying more than a night, too much great food to bring back from restaurants.  
Also, parking is terrible and expensive... Use cabs if you can.
We stayed here for three nights in early August 2015.  The hotel is ideally situated within easy walking distance of the subway station and many other Philadelphia attractions although truth be told we did almost no sightseeing and instead spent long days trapped in the Liacouras Center at Temple University.  Our first night we did venture South on the subway and, after a quick ride and a pleasant half mile walk, enjoyed a fantastic cheesesteak at Pat's King of Steaks (review to follow).  

The hotel staff was absolutely fantastic - polite through and through from the bellmen at the curb to the professional front desk staff and the amiable bartender. 

Even the complimentary breakfast was a pleasant surprise with a new and well thought out selection each morning and attentive servers keeping the buffet well stocked.  

Perhaps most remarkable individual we met was the General Manager.  Hoping to head back to Cleveland, on our third day in Philly, we found ourselves having to stay for a third night.  We returned late in the day to the Hampton having already checked out that morning.  The front desk apologetically informed me that the only rooms they had left were king suites at a considerably higher rate than we had paid.  As we stood in the middle of the lobby deciding what to do next and actually considering braving a nearby and somewhat frightening competitor hotel, a tall, impeccably dressed British man approached me, introduced himself as the General Manager, and asked if there was anything he could do for me. I explained our situation and he calmly led me back to the reception desk and arranged for us to have the top floor king suite at the same rate we paid for our second floor double. The room was spacious, beautiful, and afforded a stunning view of Philadelphia city center in two directions - who needs sightseeing?  

I am glad I always choose to stay at Hampton Inns wherever possible.  Thank you for making our stay in Philadelphia that much more enjoyable.
My partner and I go to Philly a few times a year. This hotel was by far one of least favorites! We watch the Hampton Inn commercials all the time about how the pride themselves on having the best beds. I got into the room and was super excited to lay down when I look at the bed and the comforter was dirty like the didn't change it between guests. We called receptionist and the came up 30mins later and change. The decor of the room was typical of hotels ugly framed paintings. The bathroom was moldy. A plus is that breakfast is included but beware that there are long lines and it ends at 10am.

I would not recommend this hotel for someone going to the city for the first time. The hotel is right next to the convention center and there is not way of getting to it without walking dark underpasses where the are a of people sleeping and using the bathroom. Not an ideal location of you plan to eat in near by restaurants and like reading terminal market.

*Beware* we went to 3 nights including New Year's Eve 2015 and asked the concierge to find us a cab. He looked over and tells a man standing next to him to take us. The cab driver was super inappropriate with one of the women I was with. Making sexually inappropriate comments and calling her an aggressive Latina and that he likes that! When we told the front desk when we came back from dinner they said they don't know who it was and took absolutely not responsibility for putting us in a cab late at night with a man behaving so inappropriately.
I had a nice stay at the Hampton Inn.

Upon my evening arrival, everyone at the front desk was friendly, smiling, and wiling to help me out. I received some nice suggestions for around-the-hotel drinking, along with a 15% off coupon for a sports bar nearby. I ended up not going there, but it was nice to have the option.

My room was clean and warm and had all of the requisite things. No complaints there.

In the morning, I went downstairs and helped myself to a generous complimentary breakfast. Omelettes, bacon, bagels, make-you-own-waffles, really everything that I've seen at other Hampton Inns. It was freaking delicious, and convenient.

When it was time for me to check out, they both called me a taxi and held my luggage while I was at my medical school interview. When I returned, picking up my bags was quick and easy.

On my way out, though, the fire alarm went off and everyone was being ushered out of the building and across the street. Don't know what that was about...
Nice hotel room and comfortable  beds. The shower has a lot of rust around the drain. House keeping Wes nice.
My stay here stared off extremely bad. So bad In fact I stood up all night just waiting for the GM to come in for I can talk to him. It was so bad I should have just left and took my business elsewhere but I'm glad I did not. 

The morning came and I outreached to the management staff and the assistant general manager was extraordinarily personable and knew I was pissed. He fixed the issues and made my stay much more enjoyable. The AGM superseded my expectations not because he saved my money on the room but more because he owned up to the staff issues. 


If your staying here please note that this hotel has been retrained in dealing with service animals. 

Can't really give you much more of a review. 
It's a Hampton Inn and the pictures are pretty well detailed.
great hotel located across the street from the convention center; the rates can get pricey due to this convenience, but if u can book in advance, u can get a better rate; the staff was really friendly, and very accommodating; when I realized that I had left a few essentials, all I had to do was got to the front desk, and I got everything I needed complimentary; that is an awesome feature 4 a hotel to have! the free breakfast was fresh and hot, and they even have to go bags full of goodies, that u can grab @ the front desk if u don't have the time to sit and eat in the restaurant; everyone was very friendly, including the housekeeping staff;  all my questions were cheerfully answered too; I have stayed there twice, and I plan to stay there again soon when I am in town on business; awesome location, in the hub of downtown, and very clean and modern; great bang 4 your buck!! ;)
My parents, boyfriend, and I are from Baltimore and we signed up to run the Rock n Roll Half Marathon in Philadelphia and needed a place to stay that was within walking distance of the starting line. My parents always prefer to stay in a Hampton Inn and this location was close to the starting line so we booked our stay in this hotel. We got a pretty decent rate ($120 for a Saturday night) on Expedia and it was a lot cheaper than other hotels in the same area. 

We checked in after 3 pm and had the valet take the car ($27) and the place was packed. There was a Chinese family reunion taking place in the hotel (I have never seen so many in one place!) and marathon runners took up most of the rooms in the hotel. 

Parking is notoriously horrible in Philly so we decided to take a walk and find a place for dinner. We looked up the Olive Garden and started walking towards it. The hotel is not in the best of neighborhoods, but since my father and boyfriend were with me and my mother, I felt pretty safe. As we got closer to Olive Garden, the streets of Philadelphia began to look safer and we actually ate at a different restaurant since it had a shorter wait time. 

We returned to the hotel after dinner and needed to get something from the car. While waiting for the valet to get the car, my boyfriend and I hung out in the lobby and people-watched the Lee Family Reunion. The valet brought the car down for us and after we got what we needed they took it back up. The hotel staff is extremely helpful. 

The room was decent: 2 full size beds, plush comforter, clean, television, and free wifi. Since we needed to be up early, we asked for a wake up call and went to bed pretty early. We received the wake up call in the morning and headed down for the free continental breakfast. Hampton Inns always have a great breakfast. We ate light since we were going to be running, but if I wasn't running, I would have torn up so much food! The sausage gravy and biscuits looked wonderful! But I stuck with fruit, eggs, and waffles with peanut butter. 

We knew we wouldn't make it back in time for check out so we packed up our things and checked out early. The staff told us the day before that we would be able to leave our bags with them and pick them up after the race. Since they were going to be so busy with all the runners checking out, they also told us to allow 45 minutes to an hour to have our car returned (instead of the usual 15-20 minutes). On the way out of the hotel, I noticed that staff had made little goodie bags for the runners. I took one and inside was a bottle of water, a Special K bar, and an apple. Such a nice gesture that was added to our stay! 

After the run, we rested and then headed back to the hotel. We forgot to call on our way back and have the valet bring the car up, so we had to wait an hour. That was totally our fault. We waited in the lobby and watched some Sunday afternoon football while we waited for the car. All in all, it was a great stay at a nice hotel for a good price.
I've been to Philly 3 times this summer and I've stayed here two out of those three. 

Rates can vary wildly depending on what's going on in town...one time I paid $159 a night and the other I paid $109 for the night. I booked directly with HHonors since I'm a member. 

Great rates, easy access to my favorite neighborhoods in Center City (like Wash Sq West and Rittenhouse), and very comfortable beds. Rooms have free wifi and there is a free hot breakfast, which isn't all that but not bad considering it's free. 

Check in is easy...I've only been able to check in early (like 1pm) once. They'll gladly hold your luggage if you need to wait though. Check out is usually pretty easy too since they usually leave your folio under your door...no need to go to the desk!

If you drive into Philly with a car, parking is gonna cost ya. $25/night to be exact. Street parking is a little dicey so I wouldn't risk it. For those who come in without a car, location is perfect...about two-three blocks north of the 13th St subway station. The hotel is on the fringe of Chinatown...which can be a bit sketchy at times. I've never felt unsafe though since there's plenty of lighting late at night thanks to the Convention Center.

This has become one of my favorite hotels in Center City.
This hotel deserves an overall four stars. It's in a great location, near Chinatown, the Museum on Penn Art, The Love symbol, etc. Parking was across the st for 25$, however you can come in and out all day and it is up until 3pm the next day.

The room was big and had lots of space. The bed was comfortable and big and the bathroom was nice and clean. I didn't try the pool when I was here.

The service was good, they even gave us late checkout until 12:30 without no pushback. Not sure about pricing since I got a groupon deal and paid about 90$ with taxes and gratuity for a Saturday.

If your coming to philly I would definitely give this hotel a try, you will not be disappointed!
Looked like a hotel that had been modified to become a Hampton.  Not as good as non-urban Hamptons.  It was clean and priced competitively.  Great proximity to Reading Market, Chinatown and Historical landmarks but neighborhood itself was ghetto.  Front desk good but breakfast and bar were not.  Breakfast area was messy and food items were not replenished as frequently as they needed to be.  3 staffers were talking instead of working.  In the evening time the bar/bistro was grossly understaffed.  One guy was bar tending, taking table orders and serving drinks and food.  Not fair to him or the customers.  For the money it was OK but I would rather pay more in the future and stay somewhere nicer.
I have traveled to Philly for many years and typically stay at Marriott properties in the city center. This time, however, I decided to stay a little outside of city center (closer to Temple Hospital), which made me nervous as I know there are very sketchy areas closer to Temple. That being said, this was a great location. It was within walking distance of great restaurants and other happenings in the city. 

The hotel itself was under renovation but you wouldn't know unless they told you. I was booked on the 2nd floor but I got in early and the front desk said they would have housekeeping clean a room on the 10th floor. This was great as 10 & 11 floors had completed the reno process. I was in my room within an hour, and it was very nice. All up-to-date, comfortable bed, nice bathroom. 

The staff were amazing. I don't think I have stayed in any hotel (outside of a Ritz Carlton) where all of the staff say hello to you as you pass them. Even coming out of the elevator to the lobby, the front desk greets you. Amazing. 

Breakfast was better than most Hampton's, at least for me, since I always complain about the pre-sliced fruit. This fruit was more fresh than most other Hampton's so another high mark. In the same area they have a bar so you can grab a glass of wine, beer, or mixed drink at the end of the day. They also have a social hour, but we missed that while we were there, so another perk that most Hampton's do not do. 

All-in-all, this was a great stay with wonderful staff. And instead of staying at the Marriott next time, I will stay at the Hampton Conference Center.
Your enjoyment of the hotel may hinge on your ease with "city life."  We are big fans of Hampton Inns and this location had the typical clean room, good housekeeping, excellent breakfast, and friendly staff.  As a clean room is the most important factor for us, we can recommend the hotel to others.  However, there are some negatives:

The location is great in some regards as you can walk to such sites as the Reading Terminal Market, the Franklin Institute, Independence Hall, etc.  On the other hand, the location may make some people uneasy as there is construction, booming trucks and beeping traffic, homeless people, and other things characteristic of cities.  Most irritating was parking.  For $29 per night, there is self-parking (or $39 valet) in an uncovered crowded lot a block down,  Note that you will still have to hand over your keys to an attendant as cars are parked behind other cars.  Upon arrival, you can pull into a short "no parking" lane to drop off your luggage, but just hope that there is room for you or you may have to circle the block a few times.  Important:  Ask about the "Visit Philly" package.  For only $15 more per night, you get free self-parking (with a net savings of $13/night), but get your parking "voucher" from the front desk before going to the parking lot.

The room was basic, with no refrigerator or microwave.  It showed some wear (though still clean) and the sink was slow-draining (which they quickly fixed for us).  The hotel has a small indoor pool and hot tub, but it was only open for one of our two nights as something had broken.

Because we were uneasy about the parking, my family won't be staying there again, but this is probably the norm in big cities and other families may not mind.
Friendly and accommodating staff, convenient location near the Market, Chinatown, and the Convention Center, and reasonable prices given it's location. The room was pretty standard - decent space, comfortable, got the job done. The Hampton Inn had its standard breakfast option - fruit, eggs, sausage, yogurt, cereal, oatmeal, etc. 

The staff really made the visit, accommodating an early arrival, holding luggage for a late departure, and offering some great recommendations always with a smile.
This place felt like a Motel 6 early get on and off the elevators the matter people from the convention it's right next-door to the hostile for thehomeless
Friendly, helpful front desk clerk!

Clean, updated room.  Super comfy bed.  What more do you need?  A fridge would be good.  Convienient location, close to the train to the Airport.  

The perfect spot for my night in Philadelphia.
We checked in after a whirlwind five days of touring colleges with our oldest. The entire staff bent over backwards to accommodate us in every way. From extra towels to a rollaway bed to late check out to rolling out breakfast food after they'd closed. Jason and his staff have their eye on the prize. They are a team, a great group of individuals,  who understand and give incredible customer service. A+++

Oh, and the rooms are clean, the lobby is spacious, and the beds are gooooood.
Us 3 girls stayed here over a Saturday on a short weekend trip into Philly.  I'd have to agree with the rest of the posters that this area is definitely a bit shady feeling, especially if you walk away from Reading Terminal Market (which we accidentally did once).  You pass all kinds of warehousey type buildings and run down areas, plus random people just standing about staring at you. 

The convention center is a mere half a block or so away and Chinatown is 2-3 blocks away, so if you walk in the right direction, and if it was during convention time, I'm sure it would not be as scary.

Valet parking is $27, whereas self-park is $24 in a lot half a block away.

I got a pretty good rate from the Hampton Inn website ($120/night), so definitely try checking there before booking elsewhere.

Reading Terminal Market is a short 5 minute walk away, with tons of food choices and farmer's market fare.

The staff is super friendly and breakfast was awesome, with make-your-own waffle stations that are a staple at any Hampton Inn.  Juices, fruits, sausages, eggs and pastries were also available.

The wi-fi worked well and the room was adequate, albeit a little small feeling, but we are small girls so no a huge problem.

I forgot my toothbrush and the front desk was very gracious in providing me a disposable one -- "that's what we're here for!" was her reply when I told her I needed to get a toothbrush.

All in all a great experience however I only wish it was in a better area!  Or else this would've gotten 5 full stars from me.
We could not chosen a better hotel. The location and friendliness of the staff can not be beat.  Rooms were good size with comfy queen beds, a safe, microwave, and fridge.  The rooms do not have drawers but there is a 3 section wire drawer that can be used for clothes.  Breakfast was very good every day.  There was a different egg dish and meat every morning along with cereal, waffles, fruit, and pastry.  There is a homeless shelter a block away and homeless people are visible but not once were we ever bothered.  It always felt safe.  The location was the best. You are across the street from the convention center and less than 10 minute walk to Chinatown and Reading Terminal  Market where we walked to everyday of our vacation for one of our meals.
I give this place one star and that is ONLY for the breakfast. Okay, where do I start. I checked in on Friday and checked out Sunday. 1) the room had dirty pillows as soon as I walked in 2) when I requested new pillows I was told the hotel ran out of pillows,  huh? Is that even possible?? 3) when I requested extra towels I was again told the hotel was out!! 4) the tv in the bed room and living room did not work.  I made staff aware on day one and no one came to fix the tv. On day two I had to remind them and wait several hours before it was fixed! 5) the pool was disgusting! Hair and other particles floating at the top 6) room service did not clean our room on the second day. And no, I did not have the do not disturb sign on the door, our room didn't have one! 7) to top everything of on our last night we were woken up at 5am by a fire alarm!! In panic we ran as fast as we could evacuating the building, in fear it was on fire! Barefoot and half dressed myself and friends stood on the grimmy phili street barefoot half dressed, with no fire in sight!! Management was rude and denied letting us back in, but guest who decided to risk there lives by not taking the fire alarm seriously were able to stay in! Upon check out we were offered no perks at all for our horrible stay. This was my first time in Phili and my best college girls all got together after a long time apart. I dredded going back to the room at the end of the night! But, the breakfast was good :-)
One of the better Hamptons I have stayed at.

Room was clean and comfortable. Fitness center was large and had updated and plenty of equipment. Within walking distance of Independence Hall, Jewelry District and plenty of good restaurants. 

No on site parking but valet is availabel and lots are within a block walking distance.

Prices were also resasonable.
1)  Reason For Coming - 

I was running in the Philadelphia Marathon on November 18, 2012 and this was one of the participating hotels within walking distance from the start (about 0.8m).  

2.) Location:  
 Better then expected.  We were within two blocks of Chinatown and actually across the street from the Convention Center where the Philadelphia Expo was being held.  Also conveniently located near the hotel is Redding Terminal Market (about two blocks), the Philadelphia Art Museum (about two blocks) and Independence Square (about 4-5 blocks).  

My only problem was that after sitting in traffic on a Friday evening for a couple of hours we actually passed by the hotel and had to circle back.  The address is on Race street, but the actual entrance is on a side street so be aware.

Also - there was valet parking for $35 per night but if you travel down about 1/2 a block there is a lot where we parked our car for $25 a night.  Yes its a bit steep but you are in the city so I expected as much.

5)  Room:
Clean and surprisingly comfortable King bed.  Slept great the night before the race.  Husband did not like the pillows but they were plentiful.  Room also had a tub which was great for after the race.  Television was full service cable and there was free Wi Fi. 

4.) Service:
Quick check in and they were able to accommodate my request (away from the elevator).  

Friendly housekeeping staff who quickly cleaned our room while we were out and were not loud while cleaning the other rooms

A big plus and something that I did not utilize but totally appreciated was that they had bananas, granola bars and bagels out on Sunday before the breakfast area "officially" opened.  This was truly appreciated by the runners (and their support crew) up that early

5)  Extras:
Free hot breakfast that puts the Holiday Inn Express breakfast to shame.  Saturday morning we were greeted with everything from hot oatmeal, fresh fruit, yogurt, variety of breads to buffet scrambled eggs (which I LOVE) French toast sticks and turkey sausage.  They even had hard boiled eggs.  Yes some of the food got cold fast (french toast stick and turkey sausage I am talking to you) but food was always refilled)

Coffee, tea and hot chocolate available all day and evening

Chocolate Chip cookies in the afternoon (did not get to try as they were all gone when we got back Saturday afternoon

5.) Impressions:
We really enjoyed our stay here and will definitely consider this as a top option when I come back to Philadelphia to race next year.

Rates were very reasonable ($155) considering we were in the city and so close to many area attractions
Just returned from Philadelphia and a stay at Hampton Inn on Race St.
It was a good location for us because we walked for all of our sightseeing. Only 8 or 10 blocks from the Liberty Bell, Independence Hall, etc.
Rooms were clean and comfy, affordable,and include free breakfast -yay!
We arrrived at 1 pm and were thrilled they gave us our room early.
Staff were all friendly and helpful.
Great stay !
The hotel room was nice, there was lots of hair in the shower- hairs that were not mine and were from previous guests. Yuck- and the drain clogged and slow to drain.
Truly enjoyed my stay here.

Got truly outstanding service from the front desk; received an excellent, clean room; made use of a clean, efficient fitness center; used the pretty quick free wi-fi; lounged outside on the little patio area as well; and enjoyed a complimentary continental breakfast buffet in the morning.
Bad beds only made worse by crappy pillows.   And most Hampton Inns have great beds.   This hotel also needs a thorough cleaning.  I would not stay here again.
The lobby is gorgeous, much like that of Chattanooga's downtown Hampton Inn. You feel like you're in another world, and it makes the Marriott's chain hotels seem ghetto compared to this Hampton (which is supposed to be on the bottom rung of Hilton's ladder). The hotel is within walking distance of plenty of places to eat; Reading Terminal Market is nearby.

Upon arrival, as a diamond member, I was presented with a choice of snacks and two different options for bottled water. I thought this was nice because no other Hampton has presented the options so beautifully. The options are in a display case with a spotlight.

I did not have time to eat breakfast, so I can't comment about that. For one night, including taxes, valet parking, and the room rate, the total was $198 (work paid). This seems pricey for a Hampton, but due to the location, I would definitely stay here again!
If you look back at my reviews, I've posted an embarrassing amount of Hampton Inn ones. What can I say? I really like consistency. When I travel for work (which is more and more frequent now-a-days), I always look for a Hampton Inn first.

This one, like many others, appeared clean, felt safe and boasted helpful and friendly employees. Danielle at the front desk was especially helpful; she answered all my questions quickly, easily and with a smile. The bartender at the hotel bar is also great, and I had a nice time chatting with him.

As usual, I was pleased with my room. I never tire of the "handwritten" Post-It note on the bed reminding you that all sheets and duvet covers are clean for you. Nice touch. I didn't have a chance to try the breakfast here, but I assume it was very similar to the other ones I've encountered.

Good location. A 5-minute walk to Reading Terminal Market, which is where I picked up most of my meals. A 10-minute walk to lots of great restaurants (see my other reviews for those!). I did make the mistake of turning right out of the building one morning and quickly found myself in a somewhat sketchy area, but isn't that the case in much of Philly? ;)

I received an automatic email from the General Manager the day after I checked out and I told him much of the same. You'll definitely find me at Hampton Inn in the near future.
Delightful staff. Clean rooms. Lovely decor. Free breakfast. Located right across from the convention center. Valet was pretty good, some communication issues but nothing horrible. The concierge and front desk were extremely helpful.  I would stay here again.
Such a terrible experience with this hotel. The hotel itself is pretty nice. The continental breakfast was the best part. The bed needs replaced as you roll into the center of it as soon as you lay down. The main reason for our low review is that this hotel charged our card a second time and they don't seem to find any issue with that. They said it would be credited back in 3-5 business days. The additional charge over drafted our account and they didn't see any reason that they need to cover that given this was their fault. We prepaid for the room through Hilton Honors and the hotel failed to pay attention to that.  We were also not thrilled about what they consider "walking" distance to the historical sites as it was pretty far and there seems to be many bad areas surrounding the hotel which makes it a little nerve wracking to walk back at night. We would not go back to this hotel and are appalled at the lack of a customer service.
I was skeptical but after staying here I would say the service makes the place. All of the staff is great except maybe the girl at the pub. Valet was great, service at the main desk was good and the concierge as well. 

We did have a fire alarm go off that was a pain but it was very well handled at some point. 

In the future I would imagine that I would stay here again as it had a pretty decent location and other amenities.
FYI  There are 2 homeless shelters within one block of this hotel as well as at least 2 illegitimate massage parlors.    You can take the second as good or bad whatever.
IT DEPENDS HOW YOU FEEL ABOUT HOMELESS PEOPLE. For us, this is a second rate hotel but exactly what it presents as. Our room was newly renovated and a suite. Very nice. No bottles of water in the room, no bathrobe, no bathtub (shower only). Breakfast in the lobby but no room service (I provided for my wife each morning and it was a pain in the neck). Breakfast second rate but something so I didn't have to leave the hotel. THE PROBLEM IS THE HOMELESS PEOPLE THAT LIVE ALL OVER THE STREETS IN THE AREA. We had to walk past them day and night. Not so bad for us but we had brought 30 women from Israel to participate in the Craft Show at the Convention Center and they were afraid when walking to and from the show. We are always sorry for the homeless situation but let's call it like it is. This is one of the negative features of this particular hotel. We would choose a different place the next time.
Avoid this hotel!
At check-in, the front desk staff was rude and unfriendly. Our room smelled damp and of mildew and mold. The carpet was damp and the duvet and pillow had stains on them. The floor hallway had a funky smell that I just can't identify. We immediately left and stayed at the Sheraton down the street.
Horrible experience. Was told a half hour till room would be ready, we waited in the lobby for nearly 3 hours. Horrible communication and misinformation.
June 5, 2021, don't stay here, this hotel is still serving meal kits! Small cold bagel, cream cheese and small yogurt. No hot coffee. We made coffee in our room, but one of the coffee filters was broken-so one small cup for us to split! Before making my reservation to stay here I reviewed Yelp. I brushed off the comments about the surly staff. Those comments are true. Inattentive and dismissive. I'm a Hilton Honors member-taxes included we paid $200.00 for this room for one night. We've been traveling and staying in Hilton chain hotels only since June 1, 2021, this is the first place without a hot breakfast! Oh, and the hotel restaurant is still closed!
Clean and nice interior. Great gym and breakfast. Would not complain a bit about the service. People in the front desk are super helpful. Asked about the daily cookies (free!) and was provided with it via delivery to the room because they were running slightly late! 

Great valet service (not cheap, $39 but comparable to some parking spots in the area) especially at night because of the area. The only complaint I had is the location. It is a block from a homeless shelter so there are A LOT of homeless people in the area and smells like urine... walk to Chinatown isn't pleasant either. Please use broad street for that. Reading terminal is 5 mins away but again, avoid crossing through the convention center.. might be shocked on your way.. 

There is gateway parking (2 blocks) which has better parking rates of $22/24 hours, just hard to find the entrance because of all the one way street. 

Pretty close proximity to all places, about 10 minutes.
Very pleasant experience staying here. Staff was very friendly, rooms were clean and comfortable, location is good for exploring downtown and quiet. Breakfast was disappointing, but that will improve after they reopen their dining room, whenever that can happen!
I'm giving an extra star because everyone was very nice. But this review is because it is 4:37am and I am awake and freezing!! We noticed the heat didn't work when we got here. I contacted the front desk and they sent a young man up. He told me he'd give me a new room and that he would be right now. He never came back. So I then went downstairs where I was told that they were fully booked for the evening and there was nothing they could do. So here I am, almost 5am and ready to pack up and leave. It's so cold that I can not sleep. The outside temperature is 25 degrees so I'm going to take an educated guess and say this room is about 50 at the absolute highest. There's no way I can sleep like this and there's no way I'll be back. It's insane! I'm positive this is not the first complaint of the heat not working in this room. But guess what? There's nothing they can do.
Check in was horrible, for some reason they could not find the room I reserved, unfortunately we were then given the view of the back of the hotel, great view of the alleyway and right next door to the cleaning supplies and stairway. 

Room was very clean, they were serving their free hot breakfast from 6am to 10am - standard across all Hampton Bay Inn but this was the first where we felt slighted by the front desk because my wife and I are Asian. 

We were reminded to wear our facial masks while in the hotel - this was a given because of all the hotel guest checking in, there were three groups but we were the only Asians and we were the only ones that the front desk gave the reminder to wear face coverings - this was a major disappointment to have the front desk single out my family and I.
We stay in Hampton Inns regularly, but I wouldn't recommend this location to anyone unless they had to be downtown. All of the modern conveniences & updates in the world can't erase the experience of dealing with the mentally ill, homeless, and a dirty urban setting every time you step outside. It was difficult & heartbreaking. Parking is a half block away $30 a day and you have to tote your luggage down the street which of course just screams tourist. On the flip side, everyone was nice & everything (inside) was in order. The room was immaculate.
Hotel is located a couple of blocks away from the heart of the city and the convention center.  However, it does not present well.  Aside from the people smoking pot at the entrance, the front lobby floor is filthy, as well as the elevators.  The room we stayed in did not have a dresser or chest just three metal baskets next to the microwave. A portion of the door is bent at the bottom so you can see the flooring in the hallway from inside our room. Beware, this hotel does "internal nightly audits" and will authorize your credit card for random amounts citing they are just being sure the funds are available although they have the funds pending from your initial check in.  We reached out to the corporate office to confirm this fact and they had no knowledge of such a procedure and informed the property that they have to inform patrons of this policy before authorizing credit cards. There was a hot breakfast served every morning that had the usual options and it was ok for the first morning.  We opted to go to the Reading Terminal Market the remainder of the stay for more options.  
Don't stay here if you are looking for the usual Hilton standards because you won't find it.
Yeah this place sucks, there's no other way to put it. The hotel itself is rather clean from what I saw but the service and location is terribly lacking. When we came in we barely were given any towels so on our second night there my girlfriend asked for some towels and the secretary got so pissed and gave my girlfriend the most dirtiest look possible. Then said we only have one set left and we will bring the second set. The next night I asked for a set of towels and they would send some and never did. Breakfast was in this bag and it was just a crappy muffin and granola bar. Also the location is garbage the reading terminal market is nearby but you are surrounded by droves of homeless people. It's like something I've never seen and made it unsafe to really go out late here.
Super friendly workers, clean, all around great place. Around the clock coffee and hot chocolate. Full breakfast. All at an affordable price.
