Decent suite hotel with spacious rooms.  A lot of other reviewers had issues, but we had a pretty good stay.  Our queen bed suite was clean, well supplied and most everything worked.  Bed was comfy, LCD TV worked fine, internet (both wired & wireless) was free and decently fast, environmental controls made us comfortable and breakfast in the morning was OK.  There's a waffle iron at breakfast and they had pumpkin spice batter!  Having a kitchenette with full-size fridge, microwave and coffee maker is always a welcome plus when we travel.  

I have to note that the water pressure in the shower was really powerful.  With the massage head on I felt like my skin was pitted like a golf ball.  My only complaint was that the tub drain was clogged and water filled up while showering.  I told the front desk as we were checking out and they made a note of it for maintenance.

Their location next to the airport was not a noise issue despite being able to see the nose of an Airbus across the street.  We never heard a plane overhead and slept fine.  Though not as nice as an Embassy Suites or Residence Inn, Hawthorn gets the job done at a decent price.
I was able to book this hotel through Priceline.com and luckily this hotel is close to the airport and a 20-30 minute drive from all the local attractions. One of the reasons I booked this hotel is that they offer breakfast in the morning, FREE wi-fi, and FREE parking. We checked in and was asked to provide a credit card as some type of security. The attendant asked if we wanted something on the first or second floor? We opted for first floor. I received my key cards and proceeded to our assigned building, which was a skip and a hop from the main building. I opened the room, and saw that I had one queen bed, and one sofa bed (enough to sleep up to 4) queen suite. I had a kitchen equipped with: refrigerator, stove, microwave, and coffee maker (complimentary coffee, sugar, and tea). The bathroom was clean and the bed was comfortable. Breakfast is served form 6 a.m. -9:30 (Monday-Friday) and 7-10 am on the weekends.  Also during the evening Mondays-Thursday they offer Evening social free  dinner. The hotel has a fitness center which is open 24 hour. They offer laundry/dry cleaning service, and computer/ printer services. Hawthorn is conveniently near a shopping center that offers Dollar Tree, Shop Rite grocery stores, Citi-Trends and D d's discounts.  We woke up the next morning, and there was a large selection of breakfast anything from make your waffle, to hot scrambled eggs, sausage, oatmeal, cold cereal, bagel. Also there is a juice machine with your choice of orange, apple, or cranberry juice. There is an assortment of milk, depending on your caloric intake.

The hotel also offers daily housekeeping which is a plus. The only complain I have about the hotel is that yesterday I noticed that the hotel wi-fi was not working on my phone and I asked my kids if the wi-fi was down and they stated, "no." The next morning I reported to the front desk attendant that there was a chance that the internet was down, he later checked it and advised me that it was working only for tablets and laptops. Overall the I'm am satisfied with the hotel, it is not the best , but it ain't the worst. Can't expect too much out of 3 star average hotel. If I return to Philadelphia I might reconsider to stay again.
I reserved a suite at the Hawthorne Suites, for family members who were coming in from out of town, to surprise a loved one who was having a birthday.  I wanted a safe, relaxing place for my family, who I knew would be drinking, in order to ensure no one had to risk being on the streets in any potential "compromised" positions.  

I reserved and pre-paid for everything online.  Upon checking-in, I was given a second list of "Rules and Regulations".  I knew good and well, this was NOT a list of rules that I'd read online, and probably not a list that was approved by Wyndham, the parent company.  The one highlighted section involved "parties".  I spoke to the Desk Representative about it, and he clarified that we cannot have more than 9 people in the room, and no loud music or noise.  Otherwise we'd risk eviction, and a $250 FINE.  We're all adults, over 40, and very professional.  We had no intention of "partying" or anything like that.  Just a calm, safe, get-together of family.  There was cake.  There was food.  But, no music, the TV wasn't on loud, and there were fewer than the "9" people he mentioned to me.  So, why is it that my family was CONSTANTLY harassed throughout the night by what they considered security?  They came on multiple occasions, claiming that they'd had "complaints" from other guests.  There was only one other room occupied to my knowledge in our immediate area, and as I said before, WE MADE NO NOISE.  

What I really think it was, is that these three insecure, lackadaisical workers that pass for "security", really hoped that my wife and the other women in the room would have invited them IN to the room.  Sorry, the women in my family demand a higher of caliber of man to socialize with.  

As far as the room itself, it looked really nice.  But, it was the type of situation where if you stayed long enough, you'd see/notice things like the 2nd hand coffee table, the sticky TV remotes, and the "not fresh" toilet paper.  

Quite frankly, the difference in price between here and other nearby suites wasn't good enough to not go elsewhere.  So, if you want things to look nice, at first, and want the women you're with to be stalked by "Top Flight Security", this is your place.
This hotel was a disappointment! The room was okay...visible spots on curtains(blood), dirty dishes, business center out of ink, worn pots and pans! Cleaning  staff very quick and did not vacuum! I visit a lot of hotels...I was very disappointed with this hotel!
Terribly disappointed. After a cross country flight I arrived exhausted and looking forward to a nice room (200 a night). I arrived to my room's comforter stained and with hair on it, the toilet with stool in it and tiny  bits of toilet paper on the seat, the hand towel and hairdryer also with hair on it and the bathtub as well. 

It was late and they said there was no housekeeping and all they did was bring me a blanket.

I was incredibly uncomfortable.
The room was big but that's the only good thing. There were flies in our room, both of the phones didn't work. The showers were weird and the water was not hot at all. There wasn't an iron and we had to call to get one. I would say that this hotel trashy and not worth the money.
This is by far the best hotel/suite I've stayed in. Breakfast is very good. It's not your typical run and go breakfast. The rooms are decent studio size. The beds and pillows are very comfy compared to other cardboard hotel beds. They are clean housekeeping every day if wanted. Laundry is cheap compared to other hotels. And it looks like an apartment so it makes you feel like a home away from home. Love it. I would book here again if I return to Philadelphia again.
We stayed here while attending a seminar and were very happy with our stay. Room was clean and amenities were as promised. They offered a free happy hour during the week with beer included. The breakfast was decent. I had the hot waffles.  Coffee was a bit strong but I liked that they had complimentary coffee and tea all hours. I would definitely stay here again.
Terrible! From the website and Wyndham Rewards, this hotel looked like a gem with a pool, basketball court and free breakfast. But, steer clear, be forewarned. The rooms are dirty, musty & have outdoor entrance doors. When we flush the bathroom toilet, it sounds like the wall will explode. Serioudly! Security and police are common sites throughout the property. The breakfast is terrible, worst I have ever experienced in a Wyndham property. Dry stale donuts, watery eggs, peculiar sausage (I spit it out because you couldn't confirm that the taste was food). Plus attendants stand at corners staring at you, not being friendly, just watching you.  Don't u dare take an apple to your room!  They must have had a problem with ppl coming in off the street in the past. I am so so so dissapointed I chose this hotel for my family.  Downright awful experience.
I only stayed for one night at this hotel. The room is a suite, huge and spacious with kitchen, queen size bed, sofa, etc. However, the room wasn't clean. The bathroom had dirty marks on the floor. The water from the sink was either too hot or too cold. The toilet got stuck in the middle of the night and I called the front desk. They didn't seem happy to receive my call. After about 15 mins, they sent a guy to my door and he casually handed me the tool to fix the toilet. He did not forget to smile and say "Here you go". I have never experienced anything like that before, self-service is terrible after such long flights!! I did not feel happy and decided to not have my breakfast there. The hotel has a shuttle, but he ran 5 mins late as scheduled. However, he was nice so it was alright. Definitely don't want to stay there again.
Just had a great experience at this hotel. Checked in very late at night, but the staff are great, room super quiet, breakfast perfectly nice, and ride to the Eastwick station and into downtown was super easy in the morning.
This place sucks ! The food they give for free is free for a reason the staff is unprofessional I had someone walk in my room at 12:03 and check out is 12 and not to mention my do not disturb sign was on door and to make it worst I paid an extra night and extended my room when I called front desk to inform them that their staff walked in without knockin with a DND sign on door she was impolite and rudely said I need to come to front desk now ( even tho my room was prepaid thru Priceline ) and I told her since i prepaid I didn't think I had to rush to update my keys I would be up when I was done showering and called me less than three minutes later asking when I can come to desk all of this happened within 9 minutes by the way ) I have been treated better at 1&2star places this doesn't even deserve a one star and the bathroom had hair on the floor outside the tub and also the sheets looked used and put back had stains and wrinkles as if someone woke up left and they let me right in bed horrible !!!!
Checked into Hawthorne Suites near the Philadelphia Airport on November 16th, 2017 for 1 night. We had an early flight the next morning. Ladies at the front desk were very gracious as well gentleman that drove up to the airport.
As for the suite, it was absolutely filthy! There were dead flies on the fireplace as live flies in the rooms. Suite # 412 looked like it had not been cleaned after many other guests stays.
It appeared, the sink had a leak at some point and the cove base had fallen off and was laying on the floor. What appeared to be rotten   
wood was exposed. The closets were so filthy from top to bottom that we left our clothes in our suitcases. The picture on the travel site was extremely deceiving. For $183.00 per night tax included, we expected a clean suite.
I would not recommend this hotel to anyone and I will never stay here again!!
Update to my previous review:

I previously posted a negative review about this property due to a dirty room that resulted in myself and my guests reserving a stay at a different location for the weekend. Long story short, our room was not acceptable so we requested a new one and were told there were none available. Because one of the guests used the shower prior to the discovery of the room's bug issue, we were told we would not be issued a refund because the room had been "used" so we would be charged for one night's stay. My update to this incident is that the property manager diligently researched our situation. She agreed to issue a refund because we weren't satisfied with our room and service - she did not have to issue the refund because the room, was, indeed, used. I appreciate her understanding and great customer service skills because the situation created a frustrating weekend and week. I have updated my feedback from 1 star to 3 stars due to management's response to my issue.
To call this hotel a disappointment would be the understatement of the year. Their floors were absurdly thin between the stories and I did not enjoy listening to the upstairs residents...coupling, loudly, at ungodly hours of the early morning. Their janitor service didn't clean the hotel rooms, nor did they restock the towels or anything of the sort. The staff was unfriendly and the suite was unclean. The counters were sticky and the bathroom walls were unfinished. First time here, last time here.
Dated and worn out rooms.  Not going to mention this place is managed by horrible management.   We had an issue with our reservation and the manager Michele Desher-Yost did nothing to help. We were visiting the area due to a funeral and had limited options and this place didn't care at all. 

This room was booked on Expedia who also contacted the hotel with no avail.  

I would give this place a half star if possible and encourage travelers to stay elsewhere. 

Horrible property!
This hotel is staffed by cheap lace-front wearing HOOD rats and thugs. The front desk is attended (barely) by the very definition of ghetto ppl. The "security guards" walk around early in the am and late at night listening to your door- casing your room to have housekeeping let them in and steal(I WITNESSED THIS!!). I've stayed here at least 5 times and the last time 11/29-12/5/17 was filled with one unprofessional act by another. Spend the few extra bucks and stay at the Wyndham right over the bride in Mt Laurel, NJ. Don't stay here. All welfare to work gutter rats and dope boys.
This hotel is conveniently located near the airport. Our room was large but not as clean as I would have liked. Nothing irks me more than a stainless steel appliance that isn't clean and shiny. The oven door had fingerprints and food on it. There were stains on the bedroom walls and the bed skirt had the same stains so maybe somebody dropped a plate of food and didn't clean it all up. Wallpaper was peeling and the cabinet drawers under the sink in the bathroom area needed to be replaced. The mirrored closet was very large. I requested directions to the nearest liquor store and we were sent into what we later learned was Southwest Philly and not someplace we should have gone. Scary! The bed was comfortable and the bedding was clean. We got a good night's sleep because it was very quiet even though the hotel was almost full. Breakfast was the standard continental with cold scrambled eggs and greasy sausage. My husband grabbed a muffin but couldn't eat it because it had mold on it. And they had run out of oatmeal which is what I eat for breakfast. If we find ourselves in Philly in the future we will opt for a different hotel. $96 including tax because I was too cheap to get one in the Old City. Lesson learned.
Absolutely horrible!!!! Bad management and unfriendly staff. Dont waste your time here. Horrible, horrible hotel.
No major issues with my stay here. My sisters and I were going to a concert nearby and got a good deal on a room here. It's very much so an airport hotel in the sense that I wouldn't want to stay here for an extended period of time, but it gets the job done. Fairly clean, nothing special about the look of the place, but it wasn't ugly either. The staff was pretty rude, though, and the man working at the concierge desk laughed in my face when I said I had to check into a room (because he thought I was too young?) I smugly gave him my ID because I am most certainly not too young, and I also had already paid for the room. Whatever, I didn't really care because as I said I only stayed for a very short period of time so it got the job done. Nothing special, but not too bad
The only reason this place earns 3 stars is because of the following:

Ok customer service
Free breakfast
Plenty of parking 
Very close to the airport/freeway

Its missing 2 stars because the location is very poor. You have to go about your way to get something or for gas. The rooms were clean but you can see some steins on the stove, wall and other places. Overall the room appears in a good condition. I would really like to give this room 4 stars but the location is really not that great.  But once again for the price is a steal.
A cancelled flight caused an unexpected stay, and with others in the same situation, area hotels were fully booked.  Hawthorn Suites was the only one nearby with availability. I called for a shuttle, and about 15 minutes later a plain white van (identified by a piece of paper taped to the window) arrived for the 5 minute drive to the hotel.  Check in was quick, and I was directed to my suite in an adjacent building, involving a tense walk on an ice covered sidewalk.  The room doors are external with multiple separate buildings laid out like an apartment complex. While the decor matches the photos the condition is much worse.  The carpet was rumpled, furniture worn, the kitchen icky, paint was peeling, and everything appeared somewhat unclean. When I checked in I was informed the shuttle started at 5am, but since I had a 5:20am flight they would call me a taxi in the morning.  When I went to check out, the front desk said getting a taxi would be a problem because the drivers won't go there!  Apparently the Philadelphia taxis pick and choose, and a short run is not attractive so they simply won't do it - even though there are a zillion taxis just sitting at the airport right across the street! The only willing taxi service she could find demanded $49 to drive right across the street!  And they wonder why they are losing business to Uber...which I discovered DOES happily come! The only positive I found is the 2 bedroom suites are spacious, but this is not a stay I would repeat.
Horrible place. Dirty and dated. Staff is aggressive and uninviting. They don't have the slightest clue on hospitality. Check tripadvisor for more reviews and details. The franchise owner of this location need to hire staff with hotel skills I.E people skills, language skills and customer service!!
My wife and I traveled to Philadelphia for a week's vacation. I picked the Hawthorn for price and location to transit.
We had a good breakfast everyday. We got the shuttle to Eastwick station to go into town. it is about 5 minutes away. drivers were pleasant and helpful. I would call when we got back and they would come promptly to pick us up. they were willing to shuttle us to the grocery store and to dinner out if we choose. They do serve dinner Monday to Thursday. 
Location is the only issue. there is nothing in the area.
STAY AWAY FROM THE HAWTHORN SUITES BY WYNDHAM PHILADELPHIA AIRPORT IF YOU WANT YOUR CHILD TO LIVE! Expedia parents, for the love of all that is holy, never ever stay at this hotel or have your child stay at this hotel. This is a sincere parent warning. I had a 19 year old daughter stranded with no luggage at the Philadelphia airport and I made the unfortunate decision to book this hotel. To begin with, rooms open unto the parking lot with no security. Apparently, they have cameras to help after your abduction. My daughter had no heat in her room, which was probably a blessing as she had to switch rooms at 11:30 at night and the people who delivered her food because there is no room service couldn't find her. The front desk was a nightmare. Oh, you're 22 yourself and a single female, then maybe you could find some compassion. Nope, more worried about covering your butt. Thank you Hawthorrn Suites for being the most rapey hotel by the Philadelphia Airport in 2018. Expedia doesn't care about parents. Seriously, if you are at all tech-minded, start a travel web site for parents that don't want their child abducted. AND STAY AWAY FROM THE HAWTHORN SUITES BY WYNDHAM PHILADELPHIA AIRPORT IF YOU WANT YOUR CHILD TO LIVE!
My husband and I had an overnight layover so we booked this hotel before we left. They do have an airport shuttle that picked us up in 10 minutes from calling. The room was nice - there was a kitchenette which we didn't use but nice to know they had. It is a little dated, old millwork and furniture - but it served its purpose for the night. There was also a free continental breakfast, which was nice to have before heading to the airport. The only thing I was disappointed about was in the morning when we were ready to take the shuttle back to the airport, we were informed that it only leaves every 30 minutes - which we hadn't planned for. The lady who checked us in should have mentioned that being that it was not posted anywhere, in the lobby or the room.
Flight delay arrived at airport 1 am. No signs in bag claim, looked up phone number & called for shuttle. Told only to take a cab. $10.

On arrival, no signs as to where lobby is, or if there were, cab driver & 2 passengers couldn't see one. Cab dropped us & left. Saw shuttle driver just standing there next to shuttle with big smile on his face. 
At check in, was told if cab would have given us a receipt we could be reimbursed. Nice to know now that cab left. Had to take stairs up to room. No elevator? Lots of bags. 

Room OK, breakfast fairly good, shuttle left on the half hour to the second, driver was efficient.
My family (two adults, and two children) traveled to Philadelphia to take my nephew to Penn State University. The first room we were checked into had a lot of flying bugs inside it. We let the front desk know and were offered another room. We gathered our belongings and proceeded to go to the new room. Before we were able to walk around to the room we were greeted by security guards saying that we had too many people walking to the room. My sister and mother who live in Philadelphia surprised us and came to the hotel to drop off gifts. I politely explained to the security guards that they were not staying at the room and that they were just dropping off the gifts. We actually had plans to have dinner at their home that night. The security guards said no one could come to the room, even for a short period to drop off anything. Of course, this is was ridiculous! We tried to speak with Michele Yost (manager) who was very dismissive. She would not even come to the desk to address our concerns. We were told to leave the front desk or be evicted from our room (that we had not even gotten into yet). At this point I called the police because they refused to refund our money so that we could go somewhere else! Thankfully the police were able to assist us! Do not stay here!!!
Dealing with this property has been one of the worst experiences I have had with a hotel in a long time and I travel very often, both for work and for vacations. In summary- go somewhere else for a cleaner stay and better customer service. For details on our not-so-great experience, keep reading! When we arrived, the front desk rep asked if we preferred upstairs or downstairs. We chose downstairs because there is no elevator and we had a lot of luggage. Our room wasn't very clean (used napkin on dresser and crumbs and a couple dead bugs on the kitchen floor), but we decided to "suck it up" because we were aware of the low reviews for the property and chose to "make the best of the situation." While setting in, I stepped on something sticky- I realized there was old candy or gum stuck in the carpet of the bedroom. After a closer look, I noticed a multitude of ants crawling all over the area of the floor where the candy was. We quickly packed up our bags because we obviously weren't willing to stay in a room with an ant issue. We go back to the front desk to ask for a new room. The front desk rep advised us there were no more rooms available (keep in mind the parking lot is no where near full and just a few minutes earlier we were given the option of staying upstairs or downstairs but now, all of a sudden, ALL of the rooms are booked). The front desk rep sent someone to "check the room" but didn't even ask us where the ants could be found. She reported that the person who checked the room said there were no ants (I don't know how they would have even known where to look since we were not asked)....so I guess me and the two other guests imagined the ants and made up the entire story? The front desk rep also explained that because the hotel is located in a "wooded area" we could expect to see bugs in their rooms! Not only is this FALSE but it is also UNACCEPTABLE customer service. We had to find another hotel for the weekend. I was told I could not be issued a refund until I spoke with the property manager. After four days and multiple calls to the property, I still haven't received a response. To make matters worse, the representative I spoke with from Expedia said they called the hotel and were told that we stayed one night in the hotel so we would be charged for that night. This is FALSE because we would not have made a new reservation through Expedia with a completely different hotel if we would have chosen to stay in a dirty room with bugs for a night. I may update this review depending on how the situation plays out with my refund. For now, if I could give this place NEGATIVE stars for both the ill-kept rooms and the terrible customer service, I would!
Although the room was clean and comfortable, I woke up to a mouse behind the coffee maker. Also the garbage disposal didn't work.
Hawthorn Suites by Wyndham Philadelphia Airport

1/5 Terrible

The room was infested with flies, the carpet was wet and the bathroom tub dripped. When i complained to the front desk they switched our room. The second room was missing the turntable plate in the microwave and again the tub dripped constantly, which was extremely annoying. There were cups and towels missing. This was my 1st time at Hawthorn and will definitely be my last. Very disappointed as the room was over $200. For 1 night.
This place is filthy, old, and needs a lot of work. Not just cosmetic work, I mean the employees are very unprofessional and do not need to be in the hospitality industry. If the place is missing a few things, professionalism and having a great selection of staff can make up for it. They seriously need to wash this place out. Someone please get a new management team and replace the staff ASAP! Daily housekeeping is not provided and front does not follow up with any of the issues. None of the issues that were brought to their attention were ever resolved. I stayed for more than two weeks- maybe a week of no service and entire stay of full miserable people with attitudes working. DO NOT STAY here. I didn't complain about the centipedes, pill bugs, and spiders crawling in our kitchen, bathroom, and bed. It's the level of professionalism and caring of the staff that's disgusting.
I only gave one star because it would not let me give a zero. 
My boyfriend and I booked a one night stay for this hotel because it was close to the airport, and quite frankly everything in town was sold out. We reach our hotel room and we were in shock. As soon as we walked in, there was a huge stain on the floor. The bathroom was awful, dirty and the towels were not clean. The couch and pillows had dog (or some sort of pet) hair everywhere, we did not even touch it. The bed had hair in it as well and I looked like they never touched the sheets. It was so awful we called everywhere in town, and no one had vacancy because we just couldn't take it. What we wanted to be a great stay in Philly, turned out to be quite the opposite because of this experience. Please save your money and go elsewhere!
BEWARE
I went to this hotel 9/16/2017. When I arrived there I want to pay cash for the room. They told me that I need to put a credit card down for security deposit (no problem). We handed over the card and they said I can pay cash for the check out... perfect. So next day we check out of the room, I paid 172$ cash... got the receipt and all. We drove back to NJ later on the day we see that the credit card was charge 212$... kind off. Called the hotel they said in 5 business days that the money will be back into the account. Well Friday came and the charge was still there. Called up the hotel gave the credit card information and THEY HAD NO RECORDS OF THAT CREDITCARD BEING USED OR CHARGED!!!!! No receipt no trace of the card. I had to solve this with the bank, I have all my receipts proving the payment. Where did they get 212$ from? No idea. Why did they try charging the card 2 TIMES . This place is very sketchy please be aware of this. They're billing department is a bunch of crooks and I'm sure we're not the first ones. Other than that, the rooms were OKAY, room was hot A/C was not keeping up.. 77 degrees in the room with ac on. Vents are all dusty and moldy, breakfast in the morning what a joke. Will never return to this location.
The most horrible place ever, tried to ask customer service few questions due to my medical conditions to accommodate them. They were not answering my questions and told me if I do not like I should go elsewhere in a very hateful mean tone. I asked them why were so rude to me? I was simply trying to seek accommodations for my medical conditions. The customer service shouted at me and told me to "go f**k myself and find another hotel" and hung up on several instances... I kept calling to ask for refund... Nothing. No reply, just hanging up and "ok, we are not charging you." However they did charge me fully and refuse to talk to me or explain why.. The Manager Michelle has been unavailable for days. No replies or call backs after my attempt to see why did this happen. Do not stay there avoid it at all costs! I will pursue my case through small claims court, I will not let these inconsiderate rude a$$holes scam me from my hard earned money, where I've been trying to cancel the stay 48 hours before and they lied to me multiple times but process my charge. No reply nothing.
Accepted block reservation for pairs of unrelated adults, then we discover rooms have one queen bed and fold-out sofa, that felt like sleeping on chicken wire. Front desk couldn't find reservation despite my bringing Hotels.com reservation sheet with roommate already checked-in. Wall-edge's plaster on carpet, resultant of hit that wasn't cleaned/repaired. Tub drain clogged. Only one small soap round provided first day and none second. Towels low quality. Heating system automatic setting didn't work, so was woken up by eight-degree drop alleviated only by putting fan constantly on. Positive: Breakfast provided protein (pre-made omelets) and low-sugar natural oatmeal with fruit and nuts.
Not a place I would stay again due to lack of cleanliness and dilapidated interior and furnishings. First off all pans, dishes, and utensils filthy. A used coffee filter left in coffee maker from prior guest. Cobwebs everywhere dead bugs, peeling wallpaper. Drawers filthy with past guests hair. Toilet seat not secure on toilet, and disgusting under toilet bowl. Towels very rough, thin, and very small bathtowels.
Worst customer service I've ever received from a hotel, ever. I travel often because I work for an airline and this hotel was one of the worst I've ever stayed at customer service wise. On arrival at PHL airport, I called the hotel to have the complimentary shuttle come pick me up at the international arrivals area. The lady who picked up my phone call was rude when at first I wasn't sure which terminal I was at because I've never been to Philadelphia before. After figuring it out and getting off the phone, I waited about 20 mins for the shuttle to arrive and the driver was very nice and had helped me with all of my luggage. We arrived at the hotel about 5 mins later and due to not having my credit card for the booking (I had accidentally left it with my boyfriend who was flying in two hours after me) I wasn't able to check in to a room despite having a reservation through booking.com. While understandable since that was hotel policy, my 6 month old son and I had just flew in from overseas on an 8 hour flight. The last thing I wanted to do was sit in the lobby of the hotel for two hours after such a long flight with an infant while I waited for my boyfriend to fly in and give them my card. I asked the lady at the front desk Tysha, if there was anything she could do to accommodate my baby and I while we waited and she seemed to not care at all. She showed zero empathy and severely lacked customer service skills. She just looked with her eyes towards the lobby and said "I can't do anything, but we have a lobby." As soon as I sat down at one of the tables, I noticed it was extremely hot. My son was sweating and red in the face as was I. I asked Tysha if their AC was broken in the hotel and she shook her head no and asked if I was hot. She then told me if I was hot to get up and stand under the air vent so I got up to do so, and felt nothing. 10 minutes later she came out from behind the desk and said that I was right and that it was hot in the lobby and only then she decided to call maintenance to report the issue. The AC was not fixed the entire time we were waiting in the lobby which was about 2 and a half hours. My son then needed to be changed so I took him to the restroom in the lobby, but it did NOT have a changing table so I had no choice but to change my baby on a mat on the floor of the lobby.  When my boyfriend landed, I called him to inform him of my situation and he immediately called the hotel to sort it out. When he was talking to Tysha on the phone, she was rolling her eyes and slammed the phone to hang up after the call was over. While it was my mistake that I didn't have a credit card on hand for the booking, it would have been nice for the staff to show some level of customer service skills and maybe suggest a place where I could change or breastfeed my baby or a place that we could wait that had working AC. I will NEVER stay here again or at another hotel by this company and will make sure everyone is aware of how poorly we were treated.
Where do I start with this one well some small black mean looking chick at desk have me feeling like I need some protection lol , my first time here walked in room felt like I needed rat traps the rugs old and dirty, ripped apart, furniture old and huge curtains thick like blankets, stove FILTHY, grease and dirty between stove, dish washer had water in it when I opened it up, lamps old and huge, zero blankets , no light bulb above this ' fireplace ' tons of space, great location pool was added fun, fridge was nice new looking no ice maker , outlet loose inside kitchen, had to ask for cooking pans usually in cabinet beside the filthy stove, charge me 75 EXTRA DOLLARS for phone calls  no one said shit out that. Bathrooms were of I guess spots on ceiling for the amount of money they want per night should be in way better shape would not recommend at all for this amount of money , I only wanted for full kitchen but did not know I was better off staying somewhere else felt like something from 1863 but rest of staff was nice.
As I walked into the dimly lite lobby, I thought that this isn't even a 3 star hotel. I used the lobby's restroom. It was clean and fully stocked which was good. However, the ceiling outside of the bathroom was leaking so I had to maneuver myself around the water leaking and a bucket. Once the customer service representative came from the back office to assist me, her attitude was mediocre. She was not pleasant or cheerful at all. She gave me my room assignment, hotel policies and my key and I walked away. Once I opened the door to my room, suite 311, I realized why this hotel isn't a four or five star hotel. Everything seemed clean as I spray everything with Lysol anyway. However, the refrigerator had a dent in it. One of the shelves in the cabinet was bent. There was damage to the bottom part of the cabinets. This room served its purpose for me but I won't return.

This hotel offers free breakfast but nothing looked appetizing except the bagels. Oh, parking is good.
This place is disgusting,  save your money and find a better spot to stay!!!!
My wife booked this hotel through booking.com and she said they had great reviews unfortunately we didn't look at yelp cause we now realize how bad this place is.
When we first checked in everything seemed fine,  on our way out of the lobby the receptionist said there wasn't any internet or cable, this seems to be an ongoing issue over the past few months from what previous reviews have said.
As soon as we walked into our room,  there was an overwhelming smell of cigarette smoke but there's a no smoking policy. We put our luggage down, pulled out the hide-a-bed and all this popcorn and food came with it.
When we returned that evening, I went to take a shower and saw mold coming from the access panel in the shower. When I looked at the wall paper in the shower there was black mold all underneath it. I dried off and went directly to the lobby and said I wanted to cancel my reservation for the following day.
The lady up front was very polite and asked if we wanted to switch rooms but my wife and kids were already asleep so we decided to tough it out for the night. 
I was told the manager would be in at 6 am and that I could talk with him about the issues. I showed up at 6 am talked with Eddie and was given a receipt with a full refund. I will leave a better review if I do not have to fight to get my money back but from the reviews I've read,  it looks like I'm gonna have a headache coming my way. I hope not but we'll have to wait and see.
There's also no breakfast but from past reviews, it doesn't sound like we're missing out on much.
We stayed here for 3 days while moving into the Philadelphia area. We were attracted by the convenient location, fair price, and especially the "pet friendly" statement because we have two little pups moving with us.

These are nice, comfortable suites with plenty of parking. You really have everything you need in your room other than food; we were surprised to see that the room also had dishes, cups, silverware, and even a dishwasher to wash them in. They also offer shuttle service to the nearby airport, which gives you access to public transportation into the rest of the city if you like.

There are really only two downsides to these suites that I find worth mentioning:

1) "Pet friendly": This place advertises itself as "pet friendly," which in our experience typically means that they allow you to crate your animals in the room with you for the night. What they don't tell you until you get there is that there is a large pet fee (that for us cost more than one night in the room) associated with being "pet friendly." They have nice side yards to walk your pets around in, but such a large fee seemed exorbitant considering they don't really go out of their way to accommodate pets.

2) "Free warm breakfast": I can confirm that they offer a free warm breakfast to everyone staying at the suites, but it's not what we expected. It's basically the typical continental breakfast + waffle maker + a few additional warm foods (usually eggs, some sort of meat, and some sort of bread/potato). All three mornings, we were sorely disappointed by the warm breakfasts: the eggs were slimy, the meat (especially the sausage) was rubbery, and the potatoes were stale-tasting. I know this isn't a restaurant, but it seems that they don't put much effort into ensuring the quality of their breakfasts.

In all, this is a nice place to stay at a fair price. Just beware of the two above caveats.
We stayed at Hawthorne suites this Labor Day weekend for the Made in America Music Festival. At the time when we booked our reservation the Hotels.com booking page listed that check-in was 24-hours. This was a major part of our trip planning and helped us decide on this hotel instead of others in the area. We arrived at the hotel at 10:30am after driving 2 1/2 hours from New York. When I went to check in, the manager Michelle, who was at the front desk quickly and rudely let me know that check in was at 3pm. When I told her of the 24-hour check in advertised on Hotels.com she was extremely dismissive and refused to help us in any way or come to any compromise. I stepped out to inform my friends and when I came back to the front desk and there was another lady behind the counter. She was even worse than the manager. I let her know that the check in time was falsely advertised and that there had to be some way they could accommodate us at a sooner time. All I got was an attitude from this lady so I asked for Michelle again. I showed her the listed check-in time on the website and she told me I should've checked their website instead. My reply was that if a third party website like hotels.com is their main source of reservations then it's up to them to make sure that information is correct instead of me doubting it and having to check their website. I suggested that she have us on call in case a room were to open up sooner. She did not seem welcoming to the idea and assured me we would still have to wait until 3pm but I insisted they take my information and gave me a call in case. I understand it was a busy weekend but they should have prepared for such rather than the service suffering for their lack of effort. When we got back to the hotel around midnight after our event, none of our room keys worked. I reserved a suite for 3 people and paid extra for such and yet they only gave us 2 bath towels. They had no extra towels or blankets that night or the morning after. The continental breakfast was about the only good thing this hotel offered us. For next years festival I will make sure to stay at another hotel. The check-in time on Hotels.com has since been changed, I'm sure that was due to my complaining.
The room smells terrible and worst of all the beds are infested with bed bugs!!! We left that night very disappointed and uncomfortable. Do not stay here unless you want bed bugs.
