When it comes to hotels, I always prefer staying at Hilton or their Hilton suites hotels. This location has both their establishments right next door to each other. So be mindful when checking in that your going to the right hotel. Upon entering Hilton, you notice a beautiful open lobby with many comfortable chairs. There is also a restauran/bar (Delmonico's steak house) towards the back of the lobby. Check in was very easy and the hostess named Jackie was very friendly. She gave us suggestions to places we need to see while visiting. But my question for Jackie was this, Philly's claim to fame is their cheesesteaks. So being a foodie I had to know where can I get their best from. She told me two places, Dalessandro's Steaks and Chubby's. Chubby's being the better choice. So hopefully I get a chance to check them out. The room was very clean and neat, for some reason we got a wheelchair accessible room. I don't mind it one bit, the bathroom is spacious as well as the main room. The shower is just a bit different. Some may knit pick about some minor cosmetic flaws, such as wallpaper peeling and paint chips. But it's not so bad that you think your in a motel waiting to shoot up heroin. I feel they are doing a very good job in keeping up with the place. I have no problem rebooking this location again.
I'm reviewing the Hilton's events department only. I've attended several events at the Hilton City Avenue including a wedding and a few banquets and have been satisfied on every occasion. Most recently I attended a conference, which spanned several days and required the Hilton to execute quick room setups, continental breakfast, a buffet lunch and an evening reception. Randy, from the events department, is magnificent. He really helped to seamlessly coordinate our needs. The food was delicious. Breakfast was an average continental but the buffet lunch (chicken marsala, salmon and eggplant parmesan) and evening reception stations were fantastic. The evening reception included pot sticker, pasta, fajita, carving and dessert stations, which were also fantastic and still a cut above standard hotel fare. Well done Hilton.
Ouch.  Not sure why the Hilton chain put their brand name on this one.  Definitely not up to the standards of a Hilton.

I don't want to be too hard on the staff - they definitely tried to give good service.  But you can see that they are trying hard to forget that they are in a crumbling, smelly, outdated version of the hotel that they thought they'd be staffed in when they got their degree in hospitality management.

The hotel is close to absolutely nothing (unless you count Walgreens and Target) and I don't even remember if they have a restaurant.  I spent the night in my room doing work, and not because I had to!

Definitely worth avoiding if possible.
I was not impressed with this hotel. The bathroom was gross and there was something disgusting in my shower that I wont even begin to describe. I went down for a meeting and was going to switch rooms after, but then all of my colleagues said that they found their showers to be very dirty also. Did their cleaning staff go on strike that day? No, they just dont do their job.

They do have a great breakfast spread which they give you a free coupon for as a Hilton Elite member. Pretty much everything you can ever hope for, both hot and cold with a cook taking egg orders. However, I got room service for dinner and it left a lot to be desired.

I did like the conference rooms here because there were a lot of rooms both big and small, which was perfect for our type of meeting. The bathroom was also large with a lot of stalls that makes it convenient for a lot of people taking breaks at the same time. Also, the hotel charged $9.95 for internet in the room, but at least that worked in the meeting rooms also (many hotels these days block out the room network and force you to pay a much larger fee to get internet in the meeting rooms). 

Also make sure to have the front desk call you a cab about 10-15 prior to the time you need it. Since the hotel is outside the major part of the city, cabs aren't just circling around like they are downtown. The hotel is about 10 minutes from the Amtrak station and 30 mins from the airport.
I have frequented this location for the last 1.5 years since I have a student at St. Joe's and was recommended by the university. The good about the hotel is that the rooms are nice and clean and not antiquated as some Hilton locations are. They are conveniently located near St. Joe's. They do offer breakfast at Delmonico's Steak House. Let's not forget they do offer room service as well as dinner at Del Monico's Steak House.

Here's the bad. The rooms are all non smoking but the last three times the rooms smell like they've been smoked in. The breakfast is horrible. I would never pay for that. Room service for drinks and snacks is fine but can be quite pricey with all of the local taxes and fees added on. On this trip, the shower head was broken. The handle would just spin around 360 degrees without turning on the shower.

Each time, I come I've been checked in and checked out by the same people. The problem here is that they still have no idea whom I am. At this point, I should be greeted by name. I've been here 3 times in the last month. The baristas at the local Starbucks know me by name.

 I worked at a hotel that had more volume than this Hilton. Yes, I knew the guests by name that visited often.

All I'm asking is for your staff to take some pride in their job and the customers and show some appreciation along with customer service skills.
This hotel gets low marks because it does not have on site parking.  Parking is 1/4 mile down the street.  Just what you want to do on a business trip, schlep your suitcase from the parking lot to the hotel up hill.  The hotel has steps but there is a ramp off to the side.  

I checked in but as a Hilton Honors member I was not given complimentary water.  The amenities were not explained to me such as breakfast and internet. 

This is by far the worst Hilton I have ever stayed in. This is not open for debate for a repeat stay.  Run!
Stayed here for one night recently and there was nothing close to what some of the other Yelpers complained about during our stay.  Room was clean, AC worked just fine, Hot water was plentiful, TV worked...we had no issues.  The front desk staff could be a little more clued into what customer service is all about, but I've also been at worse places.  Even spent some time at the bar and the bartender made an EXCELLENT Perfect Maker's Mark Manhattan...

I will say this...but this is more an issue with Philly than the hotel...$20+ in city and occupancy taxes to stay here...that is unacceptable.  Parking isn't great, but it is plentiful - as long as you don't mind leaving it in the manned lot a couple blocks down the street...$5 each time you leave, or $10 to valet.

I wanted this place to be nicer, but I've stayed in places where I've been very unhappy-and I really don't have anything bad to say about this Hilton.  It's simply a middle of the road Hilton...and that's not too bad.
During our stay, numerous other guests and I experienced absolutely unacceptable customer service.  Our treatment was particularly egregious because we were with a wedding party that had a block of 65 rooms and arranged a private brunch for over 100 people, spending a substantial amount of money at the hotel.
 
First, before returning to the hotel after the wedding, the family of the bride called ahead to ensure that the bar would remain open for the guests to gather.  Despite assurances that it would, the bar was shut down shortly after everyone arrived, and the head of security unceremoniously kicked everyone out of the bar and then the lobby.  While we understood that a bar has the right to set its business hours and make poor business decisions, guests had traveled from around the country to spend time together, so the gathering moved to the guest rooms.
 
Shortly thereafter, a few guests picked up alcohol to bring to the guest rooms, but were prevented from doing so by the head of security.  Indeed, the head of security even searched some guests' bags to determine whether there was alcohol in them, which he had no right to do.  I want to be perfectly clear - these were adults, well over the legal drinking age, who had rooms in the hotel, and who were not behaving rudely or in an intoxicated manner.  Further, we were explicitly told that there had been no noise complaints in the hotel. 
 
Despite our repeated requests, we were never given a straight answer as to why we could not bring the alcohol to our guest rooms (and actually, another member of the security team acknowledge that this was inappropriate).  Instead, the manager called the police and physically barred us from returning to our guest rooms.  I'm told the police arrived later and immediately left because the call was ridiculous.  Meanwhile, the receptionist was literally screaming at the father of groom.  I was unable to ascertain exactly what she was saying, but it was extremely unprofessional and uncalled for, particularly because he was speaking reasonably with her and the other hotel employees.
 
Needless to say, I will never return to this location, and will think twice about returning to any Hilton hotel.
I just spent the night at the Hilton on City Ave, and while the rooms were decent, the customer service was atrocious. We had a block of 65 rooms, plus a private brunch for over 100 people. The servers and front desk were nice, but the management and head of security were horrible. About 50 of us arrived back at the hotel at 12:45am and called ahead to let them know we had a large party going to the bar, where we intended to spend a quite a bit of money. We arrived and were only permitted to order one round before calling "Last Call". That would have been fine (but stupid on their part for turning down the business) if we hadn't been given misleading information from multiple employees. When the group went to go back to the hotel rooms, security and management asked to search our guests' bags to check for alcohol. This is a group of successful business men and women from all over the country, and we were made to feel like high school children being disciplined. The management was rude and embarrassed our family, who spent a ton of money to make this a memorable experience for our guests. They even went as far as calling the police, who turned around and left because it was obviously ridiculous. No one in our group was even out of line, got loud or made a scene.

On top of that, when I handed the Valet my ticket in the morning to get my car, it was returned to me with my front bumper FALLING OFF, as well as dents and scratches all along the side. The head of security and hotel manager had the nerve to insinuate that I had taken my car out overnight and caused the damage myself. I was at a wedding all night and did not drive. The manager refused to apologize and just said that they would be in touch. 

I have been a manager at another high end hotel for the past six years, and would be absolutely appalled if my staff ever behaved the way that multiple managers did at the Hilton. They should be ashamed of their lack of customer service. I will not be returning, and the Hilton on City Ave can expect many of these kinds of letters from our guests, as well as a bill from my insurance company.
I attended a wedding and a handful of guests were shuttled back to this hotel afterwards. My fiancé and I went to the hotel bar with some other guests afterwards. We had two drinks. The bartender handed us a $100 tab. We said we only had two drinks. My fiancé was in tears arguing and the bartender said it was her fault for keeping her tab open?!? They knew it wasn't her or I ordering drinks and still thought it was her fault. This is BS. Bad customer service. DONT STAY HERE.
The view is of a concrete reservoir. The lights beneath the "Hilton" sign are burned out. The chandelier in the elevator is missing nearly all of its crystals, so it's literally just a couple flickering CFL bulbs. They charge you out the nose for WiFi (that's right, no free WiFi) and parking. 

Also, I stayed at a Hampton a couple weeks ago and they had a good free breakfast. This shabby Hilton charges you $15.

Nickel-and-diming customers is NOT luxury. Folding a triangle in your toilet paper and paying a poor immigrant minimum wage to open the entrance door is NOT luxury. This place is clearly phoning it in and trading in on a name.

I was hesitant to stay here in the first place because I didn't want to give more money to a certain sleazy spoiled racist heiress. But the main reason not to stay at a Hilton hotel is that it's a straight up ripoff.
Overall, a good stay. While my executive floor room was very nice and comfortable, I found the hallways to be a little worse for wear. The carpet, particularly was really old, and the walls had been scuffed by one too many carts pushed by one too many servers. 

The restaurant offered a solid, a little better than hotel food food. My first glass of wine was sour and came from a clearly aged bottle that was opened a while ago. The second glass was better, but maybe I was too tipsy from the first glass to tell the difference. 

One thing I did notice is that there is a pond across from the hotel. From my room it looked alright, and it even had some geese (Holden Caulfied would have been happy here.). However, when I went outside on the second day, the overwhelming sewer smell was impenetrable. After everyone in the car accused everyone else of being gassy, we opened the windows to get some fresh air. That's when we realized the fresh air was not so fresh. It did not kill the stay, but it was one of those powerful moments where it affects the experience. 

I will stay here again as the office is close by and I am a Hilton brat, but I do appreciate something a little more polished.
Came here for a race in Philly and the hotel room was absolutely beautiful and clean!!  The beds were very comfortable and we had a great night sleep to prepare us for our run the next day.  However, parking is up the street and you have to pay for it.  That I don't get.  There is free street parking, but the chances of getting it is slim to none especially when there is an event happening at the hotel.  If you are staying at the hotel then include parking in the price or validate the parking ticket.
Worst hotel ever. Front desk was extremely rude. I booked through Hotels.com and paid for a deluxe room. Upon arrival they gave me a standard room and told me that I need to take it up with Hotels.com and I shouldn't book through a 3rd party. I called Hotels.com and they stated they had me reserved under a deluxe room and not a standard. Hotels.com calls Hilton and Hilton tells them there are no rooms left. So I take my $100 credit from Hotels.com and decide to stay overnight. 

During my stay, I break out in hives from the sofa chair and my husband has bug bites on his leg. 

We suck up the two days and leave. When I check out the front desk tells me that I have no incidentals and they will email me the bill. I never receive the bill. Three days later I see a charge on my credit card for $359. It took me 7 tries to get through to someone at the front desk. When I finally got through, an attendant by the name of Jessica was extremely rude. She stated that I was charged for $50 a night and incidentals and that I need to call Hotels.com to get it reversed. I asked her what the incidentals were for and she hung up on me. I had to call back 3 times before she picked up again. She acted like nothing happened when I stated that I must have been disconnected. She then stated that I was charged for two nights' stay. (What happened to the $50 a night or incidentals?) She then stated I need to call Hotels.com.

This hotel is run by poor management and unprofessional front desk attendants. There are numerous complaints about the front desk. DO NOT STAY HERE!
Stayed one night for business.  Wallpaper pealing, room was dirty, and noisy!  Door locks don't latch unless you slam them.  Dropped remote which fell under bed.  Wish I didn't look under there!  DIRTY, sock under there, and child toys.  Chocolate on desk and big chocolate stain on carpet (at least I hope it was chocolate).  Not impressed.
Parking was around the corner in a shady parking lot. when walking up to the hotel, we had to navigate through angry, hissing geese and had to lift our roller bags above dozens of piles of goose poop.

We ordered room service. With three plates, they brought one napkin, one silverware set, and only one drink. The food was not as described and missing several key elements - the most frustrating was the black bean burger that was to come with a "vegetable slaw and chimichurri sauce." It came burned, cold, and dry - no sauce, and some thickly sliced undressed peppers for the "slaw". I called down and he said, "we are out of it, that's why I didn't bring it to you." I was frustrated and asked what other options he had. he put me on hold to check but really hung up on me. I called back, got someone else, made requests to fix things... 20 minutes later dude comes back with silverware, napkin, water, and some sauces. By then we had to leave for our event, and all of our already cold food was completely dead. My husband and I tried eating in the meantime, sharing a folk and napkin - unacceptable for $50 worth of room service. 

Paying Hilton prices instead of motel prices brings with it some expectations of customer service and attention to detail. This was crappy motel service for fancy hotel prices. Will NOT be back.
The worst do not stay here!  I'll traveled the world and stayed   this place should not be in the Hilton chain.  Fire Alarms, not smoking in rooms but the rooms smells like a ashtray.  Three times since check-in  I requested the hotel do something about the smell of smoke and they nothing.  Now its time  to sleep and the room still smells like an ashtray.  OH! I had the suite too next door.  Don't do it!
I stayed here for 2 nights and attended a conference/dinner here a few months ago.  Check-in and check out went smoothly.  Service was average.  I stayed in a two queen bed room with one friend.  There was a good amount of space for both of us and our baggage.  Bathroom was clean and beds were comfortable. Only improvement I could think of would be to have liners in the trash cans.  

The lobby was spacious and had ample seating for impromptu meetings.  The public restrooms were clean and well equipped.  The door had a latch at the bottom where you can use your foot to open the door instead of your hand.

There is a parking lot down the block ($13/night, I think), but it was easy enough to find street parking.  There were plenty of spots along both sides of the street that the hotel is on.  

I did have breakfast at the lobby restaurant.  Food was average and mid-range pricing.  Pancakes hit the spot and kept me energized through my conference.  I also went to the same restaurant for after dinner drinks.  They seemed to be overwhelmed and it did take a bit longer that I would have liked to receive the drinks.  I do not recommend the old fashioned here.  It came out way too sweet/fruity and there were pieces of maraschino chopped in it plus a whole slice of orange (fruit and peel). 

Conference went well and it seemed that the hotel catered to the conference organizers.  Conference areas were clean.  The morning and afternoon of the conference had two rooms with concurrent demos and one room with an expo with several vendors at booths.  After the sessions ended the same space was transformed into a dinner and award setup.  The hotel did the transformation quite efficiently in a couple of hours.  Entrees and desserts were served buffet style and were above average overall.  

I enjoyed the stay here and would not mind attending a conference here in the future.
I was in town visiting family and we stayed here because it was in the vicinity of where everyone was going to be meeting up. 

Pulling up to the front I noticed the parking was going to be an issue as is common in the other reviews. I went inside to check-in and asked about parking - '$12 at the lot down the street every time you exit or $15 for valet here unlimited entry/exit,' easy decision, or so I thought. We were in town from about 5 pm Saturday until 10:30 am Sunday. Valeted the car twice. Average wait time to park/exit: 20 minutes. Average number of arguments between valets over who would either go get or go park my car: Greater than 1. On my way out the hotel attendant asked how my stay was. I said 'valet parking is pretty unorganized.' To their credit, I was not charged for valet parking due to my experience. It was not requested, and it was very appreciated. 

Everything else -

Breakfast buffet: There were some good options, some not great options (Eggs were pretty meh). Only downside was the water was not left at the table or the buffet so we had to wait every time for our waiter to come back, which happened once. Overall, i'd give it a B-, if it wasn't included i'd go elsewhere. 

Bed: Very nice, big comfy king bed with nice good pillows. Solid A+ here Hilton.

Shower: Waterfall shower. I know they are fancy but I want some pressure. I'll give it a B. 

Staff: As mentioned with the parking, the inside staff is very nice and helpful. I would give them an A as well (only not giving the A+ as I really didn't have any issues to bring to them other than the parking). 

You can definitely do worse than this Hilton. Next time I'm in the area, I'll probably try to see if I can do better though.
This was the absolute worst experience ever! There was not enough seating to accommodate my entire school during the prom. As a result, we were forced to eat off of our laps. In addition, the organization did a poor job with diet accommodations. My friend called beforehand to ensure that there would be gluten-free options for her to eat, but when we arrived, she was told that there were none. I am very disappointed in my experience here at the Hilton. I would not recommend having your event here.
Overall not bad of a stay. When I pull up the valet attendant asks if I want to valet for $10 a day or self park which costs $5 each time I leave. I should have opted for self park since I left once each day, but also because I found out there's no pay for self park. So that was a waste of money. 

The check in was slow but easy. The person next to me was offered breakfast coupons but I was not. Apparently it's not complimentary. 

When I got to my floor I could smell smoke. Thankfully my room was smoke free, but dreaded leaving the room and waiting for the elevator. The second day the hall smelled of stale smoke and must. My room was mostly clean. The shower curtain had two used washcloths hanging over it and I didn't have any shower soap. The window had plastic covering the outside so I can barely take in the view. The shower head is a rain type and doesn't have much pressure, but at least the water can get really hot. The shower head also cannot move so it only pours over the drain. 

The bar is small and closes early. The lounge area is nice and largely open. I didn't see many good reviews about the steakhouse so I didn't try it. At least I was close enough to restaurants to try out.
i waited a while to post this but this hotel completely sucked ... not the rooms or building...its the management fault for having assholes working there... and when i complained about a small situation...the hotel manager said he didnt care, no they said they dont give a shit...and for that i dont forgive... i wouldn't stay here even if it were free... sorry guys but customer service is better than walls around me...
Worst hotel experience ever! Snobby staff who would rather count change than help you. Had a mouse run into my room!  Got an apology and offered a free glass of wine...really? NEVER again!  Bad food, bad service, bad attitudes!  Horrible experience!
- had to call multiple times for towels
- service at entrance was lax
- constant noise as our room was directly across from a meeting room and restrooms, we couldn't be moved (are you kidding me with this placement for guest rooms? Room nights here should be at a steep discount)
- just to be absolutely sure we didn't sleep, fire alarm went off on two occasions early morning of the last day. Then intercom bells later.

rooms were okay, but I wouldn't give more than one star based on my experience at this location. Not sure I would stay at Hiltons elsewhere after this.
This is a pretty typical Hilton that stands alone really on the outskirts of Phildlephia. If you're going to anything at St Joe's college, it's right nearby, and I'd reccommend staying here.

The things that are near by include: A Target, A Saks Fifth Avenue, a CVS Pharmacy and a creepy looking reservoir that looks as if it would turn your hand green if you stuck it in there (it's blocked off by huge fences, so don't try it). 

The rooms were nothing over the top, smallish TV's, but comfortable beds and fluffy pillows. There were no fans in the bathroom, which always irks me. There was a refrigerator in each room, however, and plenty of space for two people. 

Valet was reasonable at $10 a night, and there is free parking on the street if you can find a spot. 

The bus stop to take a direct bus (the #44) for $2 each way downtown is right down the block and easy to get it. So, if you want to spend your day downtown, and not pay the downtown hotel price, stay here!
I only came here for an event and the parking situation didn't bother me too much. Although it wasn't a pleasant walk with the cold wind, in the 20-something degree weather. But I get it...most people on here are complaining about the parking issue. If I was staying here, and had to walk that distance from the parking lot to the hotel, with a shitload of bags and luggage...AND pay for it, I'd be pretty pissed too. 

Anyways...as I walked up the entrance, a door man ran over to open the door for me. That was nice. lol Even though I would've been fine opening it myself...he was just doing his job.

The inside is pretty and chic. Restrooms are clean and a plenty. No waiting. 

There's a bar/restaurant and when I went, it was pretty busy for a Thursday night. Probably because of the holidays. 

Anyways, if you're a smoker, they have a little patio area outside with chairs. 

There's a hallway you have to walk through to get to the event space...and I'm not sure if it was just me but it felt a little Stephen King "The Shining"-esque. Wait staff standing in the hall, dressed in their suits, with white gloves...dim decor and lighting...lol idk

The event space is pretty roomy. There were probably around 50/60 of us, seated dinner and a dance floor. And the entire staff are very nice. 

Like most people on here, and as I mentioned before, the only issue here is the parking. If you're ok with it, give it a try. Everything else was quite nice.
Unfortunately this hotel has gone down hill from what it used to be years ago. The front desk staff have a tendency to be rude and not care about your accommodations even when calling ahead of time and let's say asking for adjoining rooms or a crib. But the conditions of the hotel itself are daunting and to believe that Hilton as a brand is not on top of this, is quite unnerving. The cleanliness of the hotel is kept pretty poorly with peeling wall paper, mold in bathrooms, drops of strange substances around toilet and suite bar areas, clusters of dirt and debris culminated in corners of rooms, mysterious substances on the bedskirts of the beds, and stained dk brown carpet where you can't even be sure what you're walking on top of. This is not the worst of it folks, oh no there is more. I just came back from a weekend stay there and the I am disgusted and will never stay there with my family again. We got in late Friday and the minute we checked in and got off the elevator on our floor which was the 6th floor the smell of marijuana hit you like a ton of bricks. Because we were exhausted we just hoped our rooms wouldn't smell and we'd go to bed. We got into our rooms (mind you I was with a two and a 4 year old) and one of our rooms wreaked of smoke....this is supposed to be a non-smoking hotel. The air conditioner did not work in one room so we hoped by leaving the door in between our rooms open, we would get some cold air from the other room during our nights sleep. In the morning we woke up, ordered room service which was excellent actually. Also the valet service was excellent. Only two good things about it and one of the main housekeepers was incredibly nice and so was one of the bellhops we had to interact with the next night because....so we disappeared all day to visit family we have there and didn't come back to the hotel until 10:30. At that time, we walked in and our bedroom window was open. We thought perhaps the maid had left the window open because yet again there was an overwhelming smell of marijuana on our floor. Already sadly this was an indicator we wouldn't come here again along with the lack of cleanliness in the room. But then we noticed all the bugs that had flown in to the room. There were a lot. We decided we couldn't sleep there. We informed management. The housekeeper and a manager came up and at the time the manager looked at us and said "oh well the bugs are here because they were attracted to the light. If you turn it off, they will go away." Excuse me?!? No we weren't going to sleep with bugs for $200/night. We told him that there was no way this was acceptable and we didn't even leave the light or the window open! We didn't even know the windows could open. Finally we were moved to a suite which was all they had available. We needed double beds but there weren't any. My husband had to sleep on the sofa bed which everyone knows will be the worst sleep one can get and I slept with the two children in the king. I'll tell you the suite was in no better condition. Dirty, even an open safety pin was on the floor in the corner. A hair in the shower and it was not someone's head hair . Stains on carpet and bathroom floor. The toilet room light didn't work so you had to do your business with that door open to see. It was pretty bad. I kept telling my kids to wear socks if they were going to walk around and to not touch the carpet with their little hands. This hotel needs help. Corporate needs to know they need to change it up, upgrade the conditions it's currently in and find a way to better detect smoke. Oh by the way, the suite was on the 6th floor and that too smelled of marijuana and cigarette smoke combined! It was pretty overhwelming even in the mornings. Oh and I forgot to mention that my mother in law who stayed in the room adjoining us on the 6th floor reported that there were already new guests in the bug room and she didn't hear anyone in the middle of the night change sheets or clean the room. Which potentially means the new guests would be in the room we had vacated as it was with the bed sheets we used. Frankly we don't even know if we slept in clean sheets either! Having said all of this we will never stay here again unless Hilton really makes an effort to renovate and change things around here.  I felt it was my duty as a mother and a concerned guest to warni anyone else about the poor conditions of this hotel as well.
Worst room service I have ever had! Weird delivery people and tasteless Caesar salad for $40. I ordered it with grilled shrimp and I received half a salad, no shrimp. I called back and said the shrimp was missing and was told they would look into and get back to me. No one called back. 20 minutes later I was delivered a replacement salad with 3 cold, burnt shrimp. I have never had a worse meal. The entire thing tastes like water.
If you expect to be greeted by happy, smiling faces upon your arrival, you will be sorely disappointed.  Other than the polite, super helpful and enthusiastic Asian doorman and Calvin one of the front desk clerks, the staff at the Hilton City Avenue seem pretty miserable and annoyed.

The room accommodations were just ok albeit the bathroom floor was dirty and the carpet was grungy.  I was too tired to complain and I didn't get the impression that they would have cared.
I give this hotel one star ONLY for housekeeping.  And by that I mean our room was clean.  There were only two towels in it though, and we had two adults and two kids.
My problems started before I even got there.  We were travelling from out of town for a wedding.  There was a block of rooms we could reserve from at a discounted rate so naturally I took advantage of this.  When I called the Wednesday before we would be checking in (on a Saturday) to check on my reservation and request we be placed on the same floor as others, they mysteriously had lost my reservation.  So I did another one, but SHOCKER, the blocked room rate had expired.  So now I was having to pay $100 more a night.  I was seriously pissed.   My children were in the actual wedding and this is the hotel where all the getting ready was happening so I didn't have much of a choice to stay elsewhere, plus, everywhere else close was booked.  No apologies, I was even called "Cheap" and suggested I stay at the "motel 6 by the airport" and hung up on.  I finally got a room reserved at $239 a night.  Ugh.  

Upon check in, the valet guy was EXTREMELY rude to me.  I had my son with my and my daughter and husband were at a relatives home.  We had gone to check in and get everything settled so we wouldn't have to do it later.  I told him I was just checking in and would be back in 5 minutes, if he wanted to go park the car just to turn around and go get it then that was entirely up to him.  I was told that if I was checking in then I would need to stay at the hotel.   Excuse me?

At the front desk I encountered Jessica.  I asked about being on the same floor as our other family members and rather than admit  had made a mistake and had NOT noted our accounts as previously requested, she simply told me that my relatives had cancelled their stays.......   Whatever

The room was...ok.  The beds were comfy and things seemed clean.  There were only two towels.  TV worked intermittently.   There is no vent in the bathroom so when you take a hot shower everything fogs up immediately and gets very hot and steamy.  This is what we believe is the cause of the wallpaper we found in the living area to be peeling and covered in mold.  

I had called Saturday around 7:30 for extra towels and a couple blankets because my kids were camping out on the floor.   After an hour passed, I called again.  It took almost two hours.  Then the next morning I had a message saying they were trying to deliver my towels and blankets and that they got no answer at our door so they left them outside the door.  Which was just a straight lie.   First of all, why would you deliver those things the morning after I needed them?  2nd, there was nothing outside my door, and when you say you came by and knocked, we were all there.  They didnt even realize that, even though late, someone had made it up there the night before.   Again, whatever.

The pool......  Sure.  there is a cute little indoor pool.  It is tiny, which is fine.   People dont travel to this hotel to play in the pool.  It is a nice little amenity, but not necessary.  But if you are going to have a pool, for the love of Pete, take care of it.  Water was absolutely disgusting.  My daughter who is just over 3 feet was standing in the water and I couldnt even see her feet.  The pool deck is made out of the most ridiculous tile that might as well be a sheet of ice when it gets wet.  I cannot tell you how many people fell just walking on the surface, including myself, who didnt even get in the pool, and both of my kids.  Walking, not running.  The towels they leave out for you, which again, is a nice bonus, had holes in them and I am not sure the last time they had been washed was.

The hallways and lobby of this hotel are not air conditioned.   It was 95 degrees over the weekend.  Getting ready for a wedding, going in between rooms and getting kids ready, was a disaster in the heat.  Why on earth you can't spring for AC in the hallways I will never understand.   Also, the vending/ice room, hotter than hades.  

Checkout sucked.  They tried to charge me for things that were not mine, like bottles of wine, souvenir mugs, a bunch of crap that didn't belong to me.  Valet was rude, once again.

The final charge that came out of my credit card was over $600 and I am still not even sure what for.  What was supposed to be a $300 room stay turned into double that, and a horrible experience.  I think it is safe to say that we will never ever stay in this hotel ever again.  

Oh and we saw mice in the hallway as well.  :)
Just trying to check in I see why they only have 2.5 stars. There are no rooms ready but bad attitudes are plentiful. As for the incompetent valets. I wonder what the difficulty is of taking my car and giving me a ticket or in their case taking my phone number. I told him room wasn't ready he asked if I wanted to drive around a couple of hours. What???  I hope the room is better than service. I guess it would be difficult for it to be worse
On June 11th 2021 after a 4  1/2 hour drive my friend and I arrived at the Hilton Philadelphia City Avenue Hotel around 7:30pm, tired, hungry, and ready to relax. Upon arrival we discovered that our room was not assigned, cleaned, or available. Additionally, the hotel was completely booked and - hosting 3 weddings that weekend. Apparently, 6 of their cleaning staff quit earlier that day, leaving roughly 2 people cleaning rooms. There were a number of people in the lobby waiting for their rooms. One particular family had been waiting for over 6 hours. Only one individual was working at reception.  This individual was very courteous and professional but was unable to provide us with any details on when a room would become available. Our check-in time was at 4pm. We arrived at the hotel at 7:30pm which means our room should have been available hours earlier.

My friend and I were stuck in traffic for four hours. We were hungry and exhausted and my friend was 5 months pregnant. We sat in the lobby for 3  1/2 hours while staring at a lobby sign which read "we are happy you are here, we are ready for you." How daunting! During this time, the reception person on 3 separate occasions called us up to give us a room. In the midst of these transactions the manager, who was nowhere to be seen, took the room and assigned it elsewhere, to other parties that were not in immediate need of the room. This was inconsiderate, inappropriate, and cowardly. 

Communication between the manager and reception was non-existent. The manager would do something in the system and reception wouldn't know until she tried to complete someone's check-in, unacceptable.
While we continued to wait, all hell broke loose in the lobby as everyone from the bridal parties, to wedding guests and other hotel guests tried to determine when their room would become available, the manager never appeared. This is despite the fact that we had made a request to speak to him on several occasions and overheard other guests do the same, another cowardly move.

We did not get access to our room until 11pm. As a reminder, we had a 4  1/2 hr drive, we waited for 3  1/2 hours in a lobby filled with people during a pandemic (Covid-19), with one of us pregnant. As a meaningless apology for our inconvenience we were offered "free" breakfast at the hotel. From a healthy sized breakfast menu only 3 of the items were available for the "free" breakfast voucher. Of which there were no vegan friendly options which meant we still had to purchase breakfast from another location, another inconvenience. At checkout we requested to speak to the manager again. The only manager available was one on the catering team, he took our contact information and assured us that we would be contacted by the hotel manager the next day. It is now over a week later and we have not heard from a single person. We do not recommend ever staying at this hotel.
I booked the bridal suite at the Hilton for my wedding because it was the closest to the venue and I thought I couldn't go wrong with a Hilton. I was so very wrong. The room wasn't ready for check in, even though we came in the late afternoon, and when I got to the room, it was dingy. The armchairs were EXTREMELY worn (think stuffing coming out of the chair), one of the lamps didn't even have a lampshade so it was just a bare bulb, and there wasn't anywhere for me to hang my dress. The photographer had to do some crazy manipulations so the prep pictures didn't look like I was in a motel. I was so embarrassed.

I had arranged for a late check-out so I could have more time to get ready for my wedding, but someone knocked on my door a few minutes after noon was very rude with one of my bridesmaids when she tried to explain to him that we had a late check-out. He didn't even listen to her, just told her that we had to get out of the room and then turned and walked away. As if there isn't enough stress on the wedding day.

This hotel was not worth the ridiculous amount of money that I spent on it and the service certainly did not make the beginning of my wedding day enjoyable.
They've recently remodeled the rooms and they are absolutely beautiful and modern! I have always had great experiences here while traveling to Philly. I really enjoy the in-house restaurant for both breakfast and dinner as well!
Parking is $15/night which sucks, but the hotel is worth it.  The rooms are super clean and well appointed.  Beds are comfy and staff is super friendly. Will stay here again!
This is one of the nicest hotels Ive frequented, very welcoming.
Came here for a wedding. Booking was not a problem. We got a room over looking the reservoir. After checking in, our room key did not work; but it was fine because they quickly resolved the issue by giving us another room.
The room itself was spacious and clean. It was well kept. One of the very few times I was willing to allow myself to walk barefoot in a hotel room. Housekeeping did a good job.
I could not hear the neighbors. 
When it comes to parking, there is a paid lot, but there is also free street parking (along the paid lot). I didn't have issues finding a free parking spot on the street.
There are grocery stores within walking distance.
Saw several mice in the lounge. Reported it to the bartender who really didn't care.
I also sent an email to the management...
No reply.
I'm sure that the mice aren't just in the lounge. 
Not going back.
This place is rundown and the electronic key system is a joke.  The keys do not work!  I had to go back to the front desk EVERY time I've tried to reenter the room. The paint is literally falling off the walls.
Worst Hilton I've ever stayed at -- and that's saying something.

When it comes to chain hotels, you have a basic level of expectation.  The check in process is fairly easy.  The rooms are clean and comfortable.  The place is secure.  You get a decent night's sleep.

Well, we got ripped off on this last one, getting hardly any sleep at this property.

It wasn't as if the hotel didn't know that there was a boisterous wedding group staying the weekend we were there -- they could see them in the lobby.  But when we called and called and called again about the noise the first night, the hotel did nothing to contain the disturbance.  

The next day, Andrew, the manager, finally called me back and assured me that they would have extra security on hand the next night, since, amazingly, none of the perps from the night before were asked to leave.  

Same problem the next night.  I heard the Police were called about the disturbance.

What's more, I had to call down to have the room cleaned when I returned at 5 p.m. as nobody had touched it.  And when I went back upstairs, I found the housekeeper left the door to my room open while she was down the hall attending to some other rooms.

This was a majorly disappointing experience.  Zero sleep.  Poor management.  Unreliable housekeeping.  

I won't be back.
Had to stay for 2 nights w/ my mom due to an emergency at our home.  Room only had one bed, it should of had two.  I was tired and pre-occupied so I didn't complain.  I ended up sleeping on the chair in the room.  It was a comfortable chair, but no bed.  Our room did have a view of the water reservoir, which impressed my mom...but not me.  Now that I think about it, this place probably ruined Hilton hotels for me.  Not because of the bed issue, but because for the price I really didn't get anything special.
I attended a conference at this hotel, though I stayed at the adjacent Homewood Suites because it has far better reviews.   That said, the conference facilities seemed quite good.  The gym, which is shared by both facilities, was small but adequate.   My friend stayed here and said the chair in her room looked like it was an original, which is not only funny as hell but also consistent with the comments from other reviewers.   Looks like this place could benefit from getting rid of some of the ancient, antiquated furniture and investing in some updates.  

The bar was nice though the prices were high.  And the female bartender was pretty lame.   Frank was better, with a much more appropriate pour.  

All of the staff with whom I interacted were friendly.   But I wouldn't stay here, with the far better Homewood Suites next door.
Checked in Monday was charged $720 for 4 days then 2 days later I was charged $132.00 more they hold you money hostage Scarecrow on the pretense of incidentals when there's nothing here to spend money on they have a very small pool no Spa the front desk agents barely speak English they cannot explain bills or charges will not stay at this location ever again they lied to Hilton corporate stating that they have resolve my issues which holiday I checked in the room was not cleaned or serviced the wallpaper is peeling off the walls there's stains all along the ceilings not worth 1 * much less anything else will not stay and look at this location ever again I've been loyal to Hilton 200 nights last year I never been treated this way. They say it read the small print. But I did not use a debit card I use American Express so they're small print did not pertain to me they should have explained the charges
We are here for a conference and are staying multiple nights. Our stay was not cheap, but we were paying the cost to stay on site. I have stayed at hotels that offer way more for a far lot less money. Housekeeping came today and made our beds and put new towels in our room. No cleaning, no restocking of supplies. We called the front desk for toilet paper 2 times and we still have not received any. I will not stay here again. Super disappointed.
The service is terrible. Bartender took 15 minutes to finally come ask me if I wanted a drink. He was so slow I ended going to my room to order room service and it took over an hour and a half for a salad and wings.
This is without a doubt not a clean hotel  It was booked months in advance and was told two night minimum for this weekend (conveniently because it was a college graduation weekend and they know a ton of people will need a room) I came back to my room to find a bug in my bed.  The girl at the front desk was so rude and arrogant it was appalling.  When asking her if she had another room for us we couldn't get a straight answer.  So they sent a security guard up to give us waters? He was a nice man but how could front desk be so rude?! Finally got another room but there were only king beds available and we needed two beds.  Nobody at the front desk helped us any further and at 1am I have up. Needless to say I am not staying the 2nd night that Was already PRE-PAID for.  However I will say one of the housekeeping ladies was very helpful and kind.
Meh

Overall it's just nice 

Room is just nice

Gym is lacking

Breakfast is just ok

Bed-comfortable 

$1200 hold on my card that wasn't mentioned during check in??? That's cool, just tell me about it.

Overall decent value


Initial room was absolutely wreaked of weed, they put us in a new room right away. 

Housekeeping didn't do a great job cleaning while here.
uhh Foster K.. you dont stay here if you're trying to vacation in the city.. if you did your research you would know that its not in center city, if thats where you want to go.. its not supposed to be near anything touristy. the point is, this is the best hotel in the area of the main line/city ave. its great for staying for business, conventions... etc. the sixers training facility is right next door. when allen iverson played for the sixers, this is where he spent most of his time- he had his own room. 
i saw mike jones, the rapper once here
and cameron diaz and justin timberlake were here when she was filming "in her shoes", they did a scene in the bar. 
they just redid the bar and it looks cool and contemporary
its a great place for main liners to have bar mitzvahs because its very close to the main line but you get the big city hotel feel. 
delmonicos steak house is delicious, and you get a breakfast included
they also have the homewood suites for extended stay and make you feel at home.
Horrible service and very noisy.  I asked for a wake up call and taxi at the front desk the day before I was leaving for a 6:00 a.m. flight.  I then called guest services at 10:00 p.m. to confirm I had a wake up call and cab for the following morning.  Luckily I also say my own alarm because I did not get a wake up call and no cab.  I stayed here for 3 nights and could clearly here every conversation, t.v, etc. from the rooms surrounding mine.  I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.
I loved the hotel. The rooms were great, the bar was active and the restaurant was decent.

I knocked off one star for the Un-friendliness of the staff and another star for the valet guys.

Note to valet folks: the first guy to give you a ticket, should be the FIRST guy to get his car.......not the last. Excusing your lack of organization on being busy, holds about as much water as our California reservoirs!!!!

Not sure why I tipped the guy.....still pissed at myself!!

Note to Hilton  Manager who came out and asked the staff if they needed help....and was told no...... You knew they needed help and yet you allowed the valet to talk you out if it. You should know better. That's like asking a lion with a gazelle in his paws if he's hungry!!!  Being all about the tip is never good customer service!!
This is the worst, i would hope others in the Hilton Chain are better..but i would not patronize this named hotel esp at this location.. the parking area is a big issue..atrocious..as quite a few have said..the employees that they use are both demeaning, nasty  who i've heard saying hateful things about america and americans ... it in my opinion is the worst of the place. The facility is just ok..the parking is way beyond where the valets are and you just wait basically forever..and also i know that the Hotel does not treat their personnel well..so as bad as some of the services are in a small way i cannot blame them in that regard..the service is bad altogether attitude wise and more..but it comes from the top down..and reflects in their employees.   I would not go here or would hesitate going to any Hilton Hotel..
PROS: Went here for a church event over the weekend and everything went well.  The hotel staff were helpful, lobby restrooms were clean, and valet parking $10 was fine.  The manager came in and asked how everything was going.  The food was prepared very well.  Chicken was tender and apple crisp with ice cream on point.  

CONS:  There is a small driveway and several steps to the entrance so people were crowded waiting for their vehicles if you paid for valet.  Also, we could hear another events music over the guest speakers voices at times.
The rooms are recently renovated to sort of look like W Hotels, with a glass half-door on the shower and waterfall head, etc.  As such, they are very nice, in a modern kind of way.  Overall, the facility is in very good shape, and the restaurant/bar is very nice.

The service, on the other hand, leaves much to be desired:

* The front desk promised (and charged me for) a "Deluxe King" room, but it was identical to the "Standard King" room in which my son was staying.  When I raised the issue, they reduced my rate to that of a Standard King.
* It took me three calls and two hours to get a TV remote that worked.
* The front desk rarely answers the phone, and when you go there, you find they are generally understaffed.  A manager assured us they are working on this issue and hope to have it resolved soon.
* The one bright light was the bellman (Thomas) and the valet parking attendants, who retrieved the car quickly and efficiently.
This is primarily a review of the two-section restaurant housed at the hotel. My colleague and I had three meals in the restaurant: breakfast, lunch, and dinner, and the best word that I can think of to describe our experience with the waitstaff at each meal is *indifference*. Our dinner server had a flat, uninterested affect. His recommendations were particularly peculiar. For example, my colleague asked for a recommendation for the best side accompaniment, and the server recommended the broccoli. It turned out to be an enormous bowl of $8 steamed, unseasoned broccoli leaving us scratching our heads as to how it earned his recommendation.

At breakfast, it took forever for a server to come over to give us a check. I eventually needed to go to the front station and ask them to bring over a check. 

Lunch was by far the worst. It took 40 minutes to serve us. As trainers at an event that was also held at the hotel, we tried to explain to the server that we were on a tight schedule, but whenever we began to speak to him, or had a request to make, he walked away before we could complete what we needed to say.

We were left with the feeling that the waitstaff was completely indifferent to our patronage. I reported this to the Hotels director of catering, and he explained that the staff was recovering from a particularly busy weekend. I really don't understand; it does not explain the staff disinterest in our patronage and making us feel like a burden to the waitstaff at every shift. 

With so many other great dining options in Philly, it's worth it to look elsewhere.
The rooms are nice, staff "friendly" but horrifically inattentive. For fun I timed my wait in a nearly empty Hotel bar - to get a second beverage and put in food order. At this point I am still waiting nearly one hour. Have been here a couple of times - same issue - different people. Have not stayed across the street at crown plaza but it has to be better. 

I recommend staying elsewhere - as the service is not worth the bar cost or room cost.
Stayed at this hotel for the first time.  Would not stay again or recommend.  Due to the following reasons:

Checked in late around 1am, had to wait at the desk for 15 mins while the obese front desk employee  had to be called and paged repeatedly by the security guys.  When she finally showed up no apology that myself and another guy were left waiting while she wasn't at her primary place of duty.

Upon entering the room the TV didn't work, would have been more annoying if it weren't late and I was tired from traveling.

At 9:30am the house keeping lady annoyingly knocked on the door checking on my status.  Upon checking in I requested  a late 1pm check out since I was tired and was planing on sleeping as late as my body would allow.  Not to mention its a Saturday morning.  I guess I was partially at fault for not hanging a do not disturb sign but I am accustom to staying in places that when information is related to the front desk that that information very quickly makes its way to support staff so that a customers stay is convenient, comfortable and uninterrupted. 

The only reason I chose to stay at this hotel was based on proximity, limited personal transportation and based on where I needed to be that morning.

Bathroom and Bedding were fine.  Security guys were helpful - thanks.

Average hotel with BELOW average service.
Horrible service. Was unable to check in to room and ended up late for a wedding due to staff not letting guests into rooms. Computer system was down and restarted over 5 times, took over 45 minutes, and they refused to use a master key to let guests into room temporarily. Staff was rude vs. helpful and understanding when wedding guests showed their frustration.

Will never come back again.
Where do I begin to start with the saga of this past weekend. Booked this hotel through a third party about a month prior for this past labor weekend for 2 nights for the Made in America Festival. The reservation was confirmed through the third party a few days before arrival. I get to the hotel early before the usual check in time of 4 since I was anticipating a rush for the holiday weekend. I get there Saturday afternoon about 1:15pm. 

Get to the check in area are there is only 1 person working, Jessica. I give her my name and she proceeds to tell me that she doesn't see me in the system and am I sure I booked with this Hilton. I then begin to look at her like she has 5 heads as steam begins to rise out of my head and pull out my phone to show her my confirmation. I asked her to confirm this is the hotel and the address and she does. But she continues to tell me that she doesn't see me in the computer and that they are completely booked and there's nothing she can do. While she is doing this she is also answering several phones calls, writing notes, and trying to move on to the people behind us even though we are still talking. 
I call the third party and they confirm I have a reservation. They then call the hotel and speak to Jessica. We also send the hotel manager an email as Jessica requested, the manager never got back to us. After speaking to the company all of a sudden there is a room available even though they were supposedly all booked up. 

They give us one of the newly renovated rooms at least. It looks nice and it is clean. It takes me at least 40 minutes calm down from the whole ordeal. 

It continues. In the morning while still in bed we can hear housekeeping speaking loudly in the hallway. You can hear just about everything that is going on out there. When the room next door took a shower you could hear the shower loudly in our room right next to the bed. The walls are so thin. 

Upon check out they tried to charge my credit card again for the room. I had to remind them that I already paid prior to checking in. The staff is a mess. The hotel looks nice but it is a hallow facade. I won't be back. Not worth the aggravation.
I spent my 100th night this year in a Hilton branded property at this one. 

So I have a few I can compare it to...

The service- definitely four stars, turn down service, helpful concierge, reasonable valet parking, and nice front desk staff

Amenities- The executive level perks are better than most domestic Hilton's these days as its one of the few I've been to lately that still offers complimentary happy hour drinks from 5-8 daily and a nice snack selection as well.  I had dinner at Delmonico and the steak was much better than average hotel restaurant fare!

The rooms- Mine was a nice corner room, a little bigger than average with a comfortable king size bed, good bath amenities, 37" flat panel TV, and a nice view of the reservoir and downtown. Ample plug ins, wi-fi, and of course Lavazza coffee maker.

This is a business hotel, so don't expect golf, spa, etc, but they do what they do well and the prices are reasonable all within easy reach of downtown.
This was certainly not a bad experience, but was in no means outstanding. When checking in, you are presented with a soft pretzel for each person in your room. There was also a cooler of strawberry mint water for "refreshing" downstairs. Amenities include an indoor pool, workout room, Delmonico's steakhouse, and a lounge/bar.

My bed was comfortable enough and the room was tastefully decorated. Interaction with staff was minimal but pleasant. The view is of the nearby reservoir and Center City from a distance. We ended up walking to the nearby Chili's since there weren't many other restaurants close by.

Cons: WIFI is not free, pool closes at 10PM, street parking difficult at times, valet parking is $5 or $10
Sadly in need of a redo. Carpeting was filthy as well as the upholstery on the chairs. The bed was pretty mushy. Otherwise, roomy and the bathroom was very clean. A funky smell in the lobby.
Truly disappointed in our recent (almost) stay at the Hilton in Philadelphia. We reserved a crib and when we got there they told us they had no more and were first come first serve. This is not where on their website. After I explained to them I have a 10 month who needs a place to sleep they offered to bring in a twin bed and put it on the floor! When I said, for safety reasons, that would not work and what other suggestions they had, they told me they do not get involved in personal matters. They never once offered to check with a different Hilton in the city to see if we could move there. After I asked to cancel my reservation because I would need to switch to another hotel they said they could not do this because I needed to do it two days in advance. However, two days before I had no idea they would run out of cribs. I was truly disappointed in the customer service I received over the whole matter. I thought Hilton valued their customers but apparently money matters more. I will never stay at another Hilton and thought anyone traveling with small children should know their policy.
Utter incompetence.  Waiting 40 minutes for my car at valet and missing my father's 80th birthday party.  Nobody at the hotel seems to care.  Don't stay here.
As a DIAMOND Hilton member, I expect at least decent service and consideration.  Expect neither at this Hilton.  The views are horrible, the rooms inferior.  I have to insist upon BASIC services every week.
I wouldn't stay here again if it wasn't required for work.  Not recommended.
Treated myself to a nice stay at this Hilton and I am so glad I did.  From the moment I pulled up, I was greeted by a uniformed doorman and welcomed in.  Very nice amenities and super comfy bed.  Valet parking was very reasonable.  You can even call for your car with a text.  Really nice place to stay.  I'll definitely be back!
The help was courteous, the rooms were comfortable but the housekeeping was poor. I found a contact lens on the bathroom floor, not clean in the corners of the bathroom or around the bed.
Wasn't impressed really.  Called the night before and requested an early check-in, and the guy on the phone said no problem.  Arrived as planned and was told they wouldn't be able to accommodate me for at least 3 more hours.  I found a Starbucks and then just wasted time there until I could try again.
The room looked like it had recently been renovated, in fact they were renovating my entire floor.  Carpets were being ripped up, there were dehumidifiers constantly running in front of the restrooms (I was on the 3rd floor near some conference rooms).  The noise was not terribly distracting while I worked in my room, but a room away from the noise would've been nice.
The room itself was nice, as I said had recently been renovated.  My shower drain backed up and nearly flooded the room and I had to dig someone else's hair out-- kinda gross.  My room must have been turned over quickly as there were few towels and a few other things I noticed were off in my room.
The bar downstairs was nice, food was fine.  Room service pizza left a bit to be desired.  TV and WiFi were great.
Parking wasn't a big pain for me, I left the car and took Uber to my meetings in the city.  Location was close to shopping, restaurants and things to do so it was fine.  
I'd probably stay at another Hilton property as opposed to this one on my next visit to Philly.
I have stayed at this Hilton 3 times in the past year.  I must say I like the hotel and the area and keep coming back.  It is so easy to get from this hotel to the airport and even in rush hour times no issues.  You are a few miles outside of downtown Philadelphia so not so crazy busy, but this area is super vibrant with lots of stores, mall, and restaurants within walking distance.  Area feels pretty laid back and seems pretty safe for a huge city like Philadelphia.  I plan to keep visiting this location, super easy in and out, and valet parking and pickup.  That kind of stuff adds up when you do this gig week in and week out and find the right places that make the little things easy as they should be.
We have stayed at this hotel on several occasions since both our daughters attend St. Joseph's University down the street. The hotel is convenient how close it is to there school. That's the best part of this hotel for us. 
First off I totally agree with the majority of reviewers with this specific Doubletree Hilton Hotel. The Check-in staff have no clue what they are doing? I'm currently a Diamond Member and always receive complementary breakfast and a upgraded room. BEWARE!!!! The front desk clerks had no idea what a Diamond Member privileges were. Ok I would give them the benefit of the doubt, maybe their new? I had to explain to them I received free breakfast. Well, that didn't go as planned? To say the least a very difficult check-in process. The other problem is parking. My room package came with free valet parking. It's called Philly Overnight. Stay two nights and parking is free. They had no idea what I was talking about upon checking in. Probably the worst experience I've ever had staying at a Doubletree Hilton Hotel.
This is the preferred hotel of my employer when we travel from Chicago to Philadelphia. Last time I went to Philly, there was a conference in the area and this hotel was booked. So, my last stay was my first time staying at the Hilton City Avenue. I found the staff and the accommodations great! The staff was super friendly and the room was clean and quiet. It was also a mere 10 minutes from our Philly location as opposed to staying near the airport, which was awesome.

The only awkward situation in the parking. There is a garage a short walk down the drive for $5 or valet for $10, so bring cash -especially for tips! I did not know the parking situation upon arriving so I walked from the garage around 9pm and that was a little unnerving! Now that I know, I will gladly pay for the valet service next time. You can also park along the drive for free, if spaces are available.

Also, the food in the hotel restaurant, while pricey, was very, very good. My waitress, Michelle, was awesome and gave me a loaf of bread "to go" since the bread wasn't initially ready when I sat down!

Very pleased with my stay and looking forward to my next stay while in Philly!
In town for business and given this hotel as a choice due to location. Initially upon check in, valet service was poor. Unloaded my vehicle myself and had to wait for assistance and they were not busy. Room was okay. Fairly clean, but dusty. Had to have housekeeping come up and vacuum and dust my room. A little disappointed with that experience. One night while staying at the hotel, a big event was occurring so it made the valet service chaotic. Front desk service was okay, but disappointed in the valet service, considering some mornings they did not answer the telephone to have my vehicle brought up before I came downstairs, which resulted in me waiting in the mornings.
I'm pretty sure archeologists have discovered ancient caves that had faster wifi than this hotel.  

The hotel is nice enough.  So enjoy all it has to offer because connecting to the outside world is not going to be easy.  I can still hear netflix laughing at my attempts to load a movie.
Front desk staff were very nice and accommodating HOWEVER housekeeping sucks.  The sheets and duvet were dirty with blood and yellow stains and it was hair on the sheets. I was disappointed. I was discounted for my stay but now that I think about it I should have gotten a free stay because blood is nasty and unsanitary, uggh. For the price house keeping needs to be ALOT BETTER and they need to work on the mildew smell.
We booked a room with two double beds for the weekend. We prepaid for two nights. We had 2 adults and 2 kids. We get to the hotel Friday at about 12:30 am and they see our reservation but they gave our room to someone else. After 20 minutes of standing there they got us a room. We go up and it's one bed. They did give us free breakfast vouchers. We have to go back down and they get us another room with ONLY ONE BED again. They say they will be us a cot. Someone shows up with blankets and pillows and never comes back with the cot. I slept in bed with our 11 yr son and 4 yr old daughter while my husband slept on a chair. For $164 a night no one should sleep on a chair at a Hilton hotel. We all got about 3 hours of sleep.

Next morning we go to breakfast. Cereal bowls were all dirty and I'm pretty sure the cereal was really old. It looked stale and my son said it was gross. The rest of the food was pretty bad. The potatoes were kinda like rubber. My husband saw in the coffee mug at the table food at the bottom of it. We left pretty grossed out.

They did get us a room with two beds finally but only gave us half back of our first night stay. We stay at Hilton Hotels many times all over and this was by far the worst hotel stay ever. No one seemed in a rush to help us or make the situation better. My brother and fiance wanted to use them for their out of town guests when they get married but now they aren't. 

The parking is not a good situation. I know the valet drivers have to pick up cars quickly but seeing them driver someone's BMW like a race car was scary. Then two of the valets were bickering loudly outside. It was uncomfortable and embarrassing. Most of the employees had an attitude. I couldn't wait to leave.
This hotel has a rodent problem. 

During our two night stay, our family had two close encounters with rodents. On May 27th, a mouse ran directly under our table in the bar area and on May 28th a mouse ran through the restaurant during breakfast. Luckily the mouse didn't run under our table the second time, but five feet away is still too close. Needless to stay, there were a few screams and some patrons left the restaurant. 

Hotels maintain their client base based on cleanliness, customer satisfaction, and service. 

Management's Response: We received breakfast coupons after our first encounter in the bar. And, if you are wondering, yes, we still had to pay for our drinks. 

Rodents are a problem not only because of the diseases they can carry - salmonella, typhus, plague and Hantavirus, among others - but also because it ruined our stay. You would think management would comp stay after two consecutive rodent encounters. In the end, we had to fight to get 50% off our rooms. We were told the hotel has expenses, so they couldn't fully comp our room. I guess our business wasn't that important to the manager of this establishment.
This is Hotel Hell.  Left the room at 9:00 AM and was't cleaned by 3:PM.  Called  three times to get housekeeping and was told that if I wanted to talk to a manager,  I would have to wait longer.  Housekeeper finally arrived and said she had no towels.  We are Hilton Gold and have never had this kind of treatment at a Hilton Hotel.
Had an overnight stay in Philly on our way to Asbury park. This hotel was very nice and updated. Top notch.

Room was great, Bed was comfy and everything looked beautiful.

The staff could have been a little more helpful. When we asked about parking, we were basically told....."theres a lot down the street". We ended up parking off the street about 1/4 mile away.

And they didnt offer us a complementary pretzel :-(.

We could not enjoy the bar in the lobby due to a conference group that had taken it over. Was standing room only.

Again, the hotel was very nice, but the location was not so convenient, and the staff could have been nicer. Probably would find a different location next time.
WOW!! I can't believe this place is a Hilton Hotel. Disastrous... UPDATE/RENOVATE THE ENTIRE HOTEL!!! Not just some of the rooms. The meeting rooms or ball rooms need some serious renovating as well. Everything is outdated. It's a hit or miss with the employees here. Some were really nice and some just didn't care to even try. Even the neon sign outside the hotel is broken. Only 4 letters out of the 6 light up. They need to finish what they started and maybe give the employees an incentive to want to work there. The food here is just not good period. The only good thing this hotel has are the bartenders. Surprisingly the bathrooms were clean! The lobby feels cramped with those couches right in the middle of the lobby! I could go on for days... Overall, they need major improvements. I would never want to come here for another event or meeting.
Stayed here for a night and was not impressed with the value received.   First off, you can't beat the location on Broad Street if you want to be theatre district. The parking $30 self park or $55 valet and I didn't see the bellman or rolling carts.  It a long hump with your bags from third floor of parking garage, through the hotel lobby then up to the rooms..  The room was decorated in contemporary style but it was easy to see that it lacked maintanance.  The wall paper was peeling, outlets were loose and didn't work.   Internet was $10 per night.  I don't understand why a cheaper hotel can include WIFI but the Hilton has to charge?  The room did not include breakfast.  For $200 a night with parking I'll stay somewhere else..
Front desk staff were very nice and accommodating HOWEVER housekeeping sucks.  The sheets and duvet were dirty with blood and yellow stains and it was hair on the sheets. I was disappointed. I was discounted for my stay but now that I think about it I should have gotten a free stay because blood is nasty and unsanitary, uggh. For the price house keeping needs to be ALOT BETTER and they need to work on the mildew smell.
