Had an awesome view from the 22nd floor.  The diamond lounge is a nice place to get a soda or some water but it seems to get restocked slowly.  The room was very nice and clean. The service was all good.  The parking is 35 bucks a night I'm attached garage or more expensive valet.  The bar and restaurant look very good.   I would have given five stars but the diamond breakfast is just ok and lots of stuff was out.  The location is very convenient to bars in old city.
Am PENNing my memoirs. So of course, I have to include this hotel:

So yeah...  While I'm all about saving a few bucks by staying outside the center of town when I'm on a long trip, I tend to suck it up and splurge on a conveniently located hotel when I need accommodations for just a night or two.  In this case, was it worth it?

First the Good:

The hotel is within walking distance of historic points of interest like the Liberty Bell and Betsy Ross House.  And should you score a reservation for Zahav, like I did, the restaurant is two or three blocks away.  

The real Queen B. is here.  Alas, not Beyonce, but rather true, roomy Queen beds; not double.  And they're comfy too!

Rotating flavors of gratis fresh fruit infused water in the lobby:   I am a sucker for this gimmick! On day one, there was melon water; day two there was blueberry mint.  

There is a noon, rather than the standard 11am checkout time.  Since hubby, kid and me were busy exploring nearby sights that morning, I really appreciated this!

Am taking hubby's word on the pool, since he experienced it firsthand:  "This is a big pool where a grown-up can actually enjoy a serious swim!" he raved.

We arrived before our check-in time and the hotel was very accommodating about allowing us to park our car in their lot without charging us extra.

Now the Not So Good:

I'm anal when it comes to bathroom cleanliness. (Pun very much intended).  Thus, I wasn't too pleased when I spotted a seemingly fresh, rolled up towel covered with hairs, sitting on the counter.  The grout in between at least one of the corner floor tiles also looked cruddy.  Overall, it seemed as if the bathroom was cleaned in a very half-assed way. (Again, pun very much intended).  

The bathroom door was a headscratcher.  To my recollection, it was almost like a double swinging door.  When you closed it, there was a significant gap in the middle, meaning that anyone could sneak a peak of you in all your glory while using the bathroom.  Luckily, I was with close family.  That's all I have to say.

Both valet and self-parking options are available for an added nightly fee.  Problem is, it's OBSCENELY expensive, jacking up your hotel bill significantly.

This seems to be a popular hotel for events.  I think that maybe this contributed to the fact that our room was not ready at check-in time. I get it.  Sh*t happens.  And normally, I don't mind.  But we wanted to maximize every second since this was a quickie trip. There were a lot of people who seemed to be waiting for rooms well past 3pm.

The hotel room key card is very sensitive.  Hubby kept ours with his cell phone and it apparently deactivated it.  

Our room seemed updated.  And the lobby was perfectly pleasant.  But nothing beyond that to merit what we wound up paying to stay here.

Bottom line:  For $30 or $40 less per night, I'd be a whole lot more forgiving.  But alas, just thinking about what our bill looked like after a night here, is painful, and makes me want to hold this hotel to a much higher standard than our usual go-tos. So three stars it is.

ps  If you're into eating the most delicious croissants ever for breakfast, I highly recommend ICI Macarons, an easy walk from the hotel, right across the street from the Betsy Ross House.
Hotel & location is great- this review is 100% customer service related! 

From start to finish AWFUL! 
Stay dates 12/19/19 to 12/23/19

My husband is a Diamond member, we travel weekly & I did this trip on my own without his rewards/accnt. 
HUGE DIFFERENCE! 

Front desk treated us like drifters that were looking to skip out on the bill. Used a Visa to secure & pay for reservation OR SO I THOUGHT! Checked in at 1:30a after a 7 hr flight, the antiquated cc machine would not accept my Visa card despite Hilton confirming & reassuring (on multiple times prior to trip) that my room/reservation was paid for and secure. 

Durand at FD couldn't be bothered from night audit to help or give any service just stood and did his paperwork. He couldn't even be bothered to give the "standard check-in script" (breakfast, water bottles, location of room or even room #...nothing). Barely spoke. 

At 2:15a, frustrated & exhausted, I finally got into my room. 

7am Rebecca( FD Mgr) is calling me to kick me & my son out. Went down to FD w CC to run it again with hope of empathy and better customer service. WRONG! I even called Visa on speaker to verify funds in front of her and she still rejected my card. She then FOLLOWED me upstairs & FOLLOWED me into my room w/o permission like I was shoplifting! (I used to work in hospitality and know this is a CARDINAL SIN!)

She woke my son up but stood arms-crossed in my room waiting to "watch me/us pack". 

I used a different card to pay in full and even then Rebecca offered ZERO apologies for her dramatic intrusive and flat out rude actions and downright cruddy customer service. She did nothing. 

If this trip wasn't a Christmas present to my son, I would've punched Rebecca out- Rocky Style. 

She just didn't/doesn't care and stared at me nodding while I voiced my complaints, like I used to do when I tuned my mother out. The front desk sucks at service all around and are so rude. 

I'm a Philly native so I can be rude with the best of them but she was a piece of work with her hospitality ethics. Or lack of. My husband, the Diamond member, that practically LIVES in Hilton's for business was not pleased nor am I. This is going on Trip Advisor also.
This Hilton Hotel is huge!  And close to everything; walking distance to the Harbor Park, waterfront of Penn's Landing, steps to the "walking tour" historical tour spots, lots of food,  shopping, and very much worth the cost. 

I found a great deal directly with the site, pre-pay in advance so price is locked in. And considering both the location and it's famous namesake, it's well worth it. 

Fine and casual dining available on premise. Steps to the Swan paddle boats on the water. An arcade and kiddie park right across the entrance. If you follow along the waterfront path, you're minutes from an awesome view and to lots of places of interest. 

The hotel has an indoor pool on site, valet or self parking available. Every staff member I encountered was pleasant and very nice. The doorman greeting folks along the drop off / check in driveway was super careful about my kids and I crossing the path to get to the park. He even stopped people from driving near us until we finished crossing safely. He was quick to grab me a luggage cart once I said yes to wanting to use one for all of our luggage and bags. I travel with two kids 10 and under so safety first! And lots of luggage. So any help is appreciated when it comes to unloading and loading our stuff. 

The best part of this hotel was the rooms. Free wifi and newly renovated rooms. I love the option of high floors since the view is usually nicer and quieter. This was also one of the few hotels that actually had enough towels in the room standard.  I didn't have to call housekeeping. There were plenty of hangers and hooks to hang stuff in the closet and bathroom. Usually there's one two pronged towel hook. This one had two! So you can hang four towels at once after use. 

My favorite feature is the noon checkout. Plenty of time to eat breakfast and pack and still enjoy the room instead of rushing out on check out. And one added perk for this location, the parking garage is easily accessible from the lobby or literally around the corner from the main entrance. Plus the garage has pay machines so you can pay your cost prior to Reaching the exit. 

I totally recommend this place if you plan on touring Philly. It doesn't get more convenient than here. Side note: it's so popular, there were three weddings that were booked for Labor Day weekend.
Worst experience ever. The staff were lazy. The room smelled like smoking. The parking was ridiculous at night, no attendants to let you out. No signs with hours of operation. Penn's Landing at night was like a homeless hangout, and kind of shady. The room was overpriced and mediocre at best. I was humiliated checking out, because they kept our $300 deposit, 
do to smoking in the room. I have emphysema and haven't smoked in years. Staff were laughing at me, and making me feel very uncomfortable. Leaving us with no money to get home with, no tolls.
But the topper of it all was our room was in my friend's name. We checked out 11:00am 
Gave them the receipt, was extorted for a Smoking Fee, and we left. Only to have emails sent to me, with a fabricated receipt in my name, and someone else's address. Def not what's on my license, and everything on the receipt was fabricated.
The time, the people who booked rooms, checked us out and a ridiculous accusation of me smoking  Worst hotel in Philly. Pool was dirty. The outside decks were filthy. The staff were rude and showed no empathy at all.
Great location for my 1st full weekend in Philadelphia! When exploring hotel options, I didn't realize this hotel was literally right by the water and 1 flight of steps to where everything is. 

Will begin by stating my check-in went smoothly. I was on the 14th floor, corner room with views of the amusement park, paddle boats & the seaport museum. (There are no balcony rooms at this hotel FYI)

The grounds of the hotel are clean and king room was pretty spacious. The bathrooms can use some updating like the shower\tub area mainly. 

There is a restaurant and bar in the hotel lobby. They have an indoor pool but it was quite crowded with kids, teens and some adults on this summer evening in July. We took 1 dip in but then immediately went out and tried to go to the sauna room instead. Unfortunately there were technical issues in there because it was very little heat, so I contacted maintenance who explained that teens come in and damage the equipment from time to time. (smh)

Because there is so much in walking distance, we explore the boardwalk to try a few different options on different days. We loved having the convenience of having drinks & walking less then 5 mins back to the room to nap in between lol 

I would return to this hotel and really loved the staff we met along the way. Names who stood out & helped us were Carl, Kevin, Mark Holley, Eustace, Laurel & Stevie. They made us feel like Philly is truly the city of brotherly love & looked out for us during our weekend getaway.
We stayed at Hilton for two nights over the past weekend.

The hotel location is fantastic, very close to old city walking distance 10min. It is at the waterfront and our room was facing the marina so it was very pleasant. 

We did check in from Hilton Honor app and got a digital key which was kinda cool. Still we stopped by the reception to get an actual key for the parking. So here is my first issue : self parking. Self parking is located on a lower level, to get there you get an elevator to go down from your room, then you walk and get another one from the lobby and you walk again! to get to another one to move among the garage floors... I found it very time consuming and kind of ridiculous to move up and down again and again, whenever we wanted to go out by car. Of course there is valet service was it is way more expensive than the self parking... even this self parking was 32$ per night. I mean I don't mind to self park but why so inconveniently located... 

second, I was so surprised to see no coffee at the lobby. There were some infused water fountains and We saw once pretzels which vanished quite fast. I am a serious Hampton Inn fan and I always leave satisfied with the service- complimentary breakfast, coffee, muffins or fruits always available at lobby. I realize Hilton itself is different than Hampton Inns, they are totally different segments, but still, I found the price-service quality ratio at this hotel very very odd. 

Another thing was our room, we selected a waterfront room for view and payed extra of course. Then We realized it had a door connection to the next room!!  At our second day our neighbor was playing music loudly and blow drying his hair for 15min as if he was inside our room. We were trying to relax so we called the reception to ask next door to keep it down, but by the time they got themselves up to next door, our neighbor left and the receptionist - kind of skeptical and little apologetic - offered us for a room change if we are still bothered when he comes back... I did not like the fact that this room had a connecting door at all.

For me the last drop in the glass, was when we tried to enter the pool around 5pm. there were literally 15kids jumping and diving around, and making it so unsafe and noisy for people who want to relax there... of course this was done regardless of the signs saying no diving and when parents were there watching and allowing kids going crazy and disturbing other guests...very disappointed.

I mean from Hilton I expected much more quality service. I just cant wrap my head around the fact that we just payed 600$ for a two night stay for a such a low quality experience.

At the check out the receptionist asked us, how was the stay, we both barely said OK and when she asked a bit further, we explained this details and she said "sorry for the inconvenience"- not so enthusiastically... actually we are very sorry to have chosen this place, too!

I will definitely not stay here again and do not recommend this hotel for a relaxing, peaceful stay for anyone. If you want a expensive option but close to old city, there you go, stay here! 

I will continue staying at Hampton Inns which offer much more for the price and at least you really get what you pay for!!
We stayed here for a conference and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The staff was very friendly. Parking (you can self next door to an attached garage that you can walk indoors all the way to the hotel or valet for a higher fee) does allow in/out privileges on valet only if you're staying there. 
The rooms were modern and clean. Bed was super comfy. Fridge was big enough to store food and freeze ice packs. Room was spacious enough to allow our rug-rat to run around and enjoy himself. There is a bar and restaurant downstairs plus lots of meeting rooms along with a wedding reception area. Only gripe is the walls are thin and you can hear people from across the hall. 
It's within walking distance to Spruce Street Harbor Park, Blue Cross RiverRink, Independence Seaport Museum and Old City (which has tons of really good restaurants and bars). The location is safe (enough so that we walked at night with our son). ENJOY!
View is amazing. Harbour park, river rink and spirit of phila all in walking distance. Room nice and clean
First let me say that our view was amazing.  19th floor with river side views created one hell of an experience.

Staffing was pleasant and great.  Just seconds from walking Penn's Landing and exploring so many things.  Lots of food in the surrounding areas and not too bad of a walk towards the downtown area. 

Room was comfortable, clean and most importantly spacious. Looking forward to my next stay here.
Got a great rate here on priceline. We usually stay center city, but this was a nice change, especially since we were taking the kids to the Adventure Aquarium the next day and it's literally right across the river from the hotel. It was easy to get to, had a large parking/unloading area out front, convenient parking, great views of the river. The location was great especially if you want to venture to Old City for dinner, visit the historical tourist attractions, or head down to South Street. The ferry boat to Camden (and the Aquarium) is about a 5 minute walk from the hotel. Much easier amd more fun than driving. The staff at this hotel was phenomenal. Extremely friendly, informative, and helpful. Free wifi worked fine. The room itself was nice. Decent size, nice view,  comfy pillows and bed. I always appreciate a fridge in the room too.
The only negative comments I have pertain mostly to the bathroom. There were double doors that didn't lock, with a gap between them, so privacy is limited (especially traveling with young kids that like to burst through doors). A belt wrapped around the handles helped, but wasn't perfect.  The bathroom was a little outdated, with cracked finish in the tub and worn fixtures. We found a few stray hairs in the bathroom too and one of the bed covers had some stains on it. 
However, the positives largely outweighed the negatives, and I wouldn't hesitate to stay at this hotel again.
Located right by the water in downtown Philadelphia. Rooms are nice and clean. Not as modern as I would like as far as outlets and furniture. Great view if you happen to have a room facing the water. 
Walking distance to shopping and restaurants.
Wow Appearances can be deceiving. From the looks of it you would pay top dollar but run like like a two star. 
First the elevators, with no repairs happening while we were there guests were crammed into primarily one elevator possibly two were working which made check out ridiculous. After waiting 15-20 minutes for an elevator, which were more crowded than a NYC subway during rush with two lines down. I was forced to take the stairs from the 8th floor 4 times. When I got to the floor where I was able to exit, me and the other guests had to exit through a cardiovascular conference (how tacky for them and embarrassing for us). Again had to do this four times.
The rooms were good on the surface. Although we booked and paid extra for a water view we were located on the south side on the building with a glimpse of water but mostly I95 (Pretty, right!!). We found someone else's food in our mini fridge...gross. The shower had rust stains that looked like someone had bled out. The pillows were trash, the room was hot even though we had turned the thermostat down to 65. The parking garage elevator actually had real blood smeared on the wall.
The pool area had a nice view but couldn't stay there very long bc the heated pool was warmish but the pool area was way too cold.
The staff was nice but they said that there wasn't anything they could do. I actually called the Hilton Customer Relations number and they would not do anything either. We booked through Expedia and they were even willing to refund us a day but they needed permission from the Hotel Manager John Dagle but he denied it because the rate we had with Expedia was guaranteed.
The pictures are nice the hotels looks and sounds like a great place for your family but look elsewhere. Its smoke and mirrors, bait and switch tactics. Hopefully they get their act together and actually treat their guests with the respect they deserve instead of bamboozling them.
Many people we spoke with were unhappy with their stay hopefully they will post as well so I don't look like an isolated case.
PS I'm also not the type of person complain, this is not my MO just don't want to see others get taken.
Great location, close to so much and the staff did a wonderful job accommodating customers and handling requests and so many high level events during the week of the 2016 DNC.

However, be very careful as I slipped and fell getting into my shower and hurt myself. I had several others, staying there, share they almost fell too. I asked for a rubber mat for my room but I have never stepped into a hotel tub that slippery! I would be traveling with nonslip shower slippers and putting a towel inside the shower next time!

Surprisingly, pretty restful and quiet at night, even with a room facing the water. Wonderful views on Penn's Landing, on the water here.
This is by far the worst Hilton property I've stayed at; apparently, most of the staff at the hotel agree. If you are considering booking, please look at the recent reviews (all the great reviews are from years ago. They still actually use reviews from when they were a Hyatt). 

During our stay, my kids were introduced to a whole new line of profanity no child should hear. Add the fact that our entire floor smelled of pot on numerous nights and they smoke pot outside the lobby openly (still illegal in PA). Can't say I'm shocked that when the owner was about to show up, some lady in pink ran outside and cleared the crowd. I'm shocked they didn't want the owner to see how disgusting his hotel had become. 

The hotel staff blame the worker shortage and new staff for all the mistakes, yet they have no problem being at pull occupancy even though the rooms are not up to par (our room needed maintenance almost daily because the AC didn't work the first four nights, then we were able to keep the room semi cool with a fan and having to keep our blinds closed the entire time). Housekeeping cannot even turn the rooms in time (even though they selectively pick up trash but won't touch glasses at all). At the end of the night we would put out glasses that would just sit outside until someone complained to the front desk (usually took about 1.5 days). 

Housekeeping blames management, apparently one the service elevators has been broken for over two years and they cannot get to the rooms in time because of the elevator wait times  (the lines for the elevators were ridiculous). I guess it's the reason towels were not provided for all the guests in our room.  When we ordered extra towels, they came with long black hair. My wife is blonde and my mother in law is gray, no one has long black hair. 

There is a bright spot, if you stay here. The morning staff, Stevie and Mike are pleasant and helpful. George, and Carl are two of the managers who actually seem to care and are very pleasant. They afternoon staff is not. Lead by Rebecca, who has some difficulty communicating facts or passing messages on to management. Any interaction with her I would confirm with the morning staff or management. She blatantly lied on numerous occasions. The rest of the afternoon staff is nice but can't really help. 

Hopefully things improve and the hotel gets back to Hilton standards, even if not with a remodel but at least with cleaning. 
 
This is also the only Hilton that I've been to where the executive lounge doubles as a staff break room.
Not what I've come to expect from Hilton, at all. Not by a long shot. So the first room we got was disgusting and dirty even though it said sanitized. There was white spots all over the carpet, which you can only use your imagination as to what that might have been. So we went downstairs to ask them to change our room, well the staff member put us in city view. We actually paid extra for the water front view. We went back to the front desk and spoke with what I believe was the supervisor which handled the situation, although that same staff member tried to get loud saying he didn't have anything available, whatever. Finally got a better/cleaner room than before. Awesome. 

The elevators were a mess, I understand these covid times are super trying so I'm trying to be easy on this review believe me. The floors were sticky and gross. The minute you walk into the hotel it smells like weed. The guests were loud and just wild, I mean it was absolutely ridiculous what we encountered. The lines for the elevators were crazy and people were cutting others, I mean it was a nightmare. I watched families being cut in front of and obviously when you have sleeping children you're most likely not going to confront people since we know what that can lead to. 

If this establishment wishes to keep the Hilton name and charge $180+/night they absolutely need to do better. Even if it is new management, get it together please. 

Sadly I'm scarred from our experience so I will not return. I do appreciate the supervisor giving us a new room however so that is why I gave 2 stars when realistically it should have been probably a 1 star.
I have stayed at this hotel on two occasions.  It's one of the nicest Hiltons I have stay at. The staff is very friendly and very accommodating on all levels.  Check-in was painless and our room was very clean and easy to get into (no fiddling with the key).  The bed was quite comfortable and both times I had a view of the water, The Delaware River.  Just gorgeous to start your morning looking at that and in the evening, with the lights, it's just beautiful. For the price, you really can't find a nicer hotel in Philadelphia.  It's not the Ritz, but a great value.
Location: Excellent location! The first day we drove to our destination (liberty Bell, independence hall, Elfreths alley, society hill, and  ), but this was before we realized how close were. Tons of restaurants within walking distance even though it doesn't appear that way when you pull up. The third day we walked to the same area within ten minutes. The views from anywhere in the hotel are not good even though you're right on the water. It's all construction. 

Appearance: the lobby, restaurants were clean and tidy

Hotel restaurant: we had breakfast here. The staff was friendly, order correct, food was pretty good. There was one dirty plate already set on the table upon our arrival but they apologized and replaced it.

Staff: friendly and helpful aside from one incidence  (described below).

Our room: This is where the one star review comes in. At first glance everything appeared standard. It was a bit cold so we turned the heat up in the room and it was fine. The following morning we woke up freezing and the hall was freezing too. There was tons of noise and banging going on. Apparently they were doing some sort of construction as there were workers up and down the hall and utility doors open. I'm assuming a door or window to the outside was open because our heat was cranked up and it was so cold we put on our winter gear just to get ready for the day. We did not complain and it was resolved when we got back later that evening. The following morning we could see stains all over the carpet. They were obviously pee stains from animals but it didn't smell. Later that evening, my son was walking around barefoot for maybe ten minutes before giving him a shower and his feet were black from walking around on the floor so we had to wear shoes the rest of our stay. Our second night there were consistent loud clicking noises which sounded like the vent system in the ceiling. It kept me up most the night but my husband and toddler slept through it. The third night there was a fire a few blocks away. Not knowing this I woke up due to the strong smell and called down to notify them. It was so strong I thought the hotel was on fire. I couldn't stop coughing. Their air filtration system (if they even have one) is awful! Finally, when i removed a shopping bag my husband had placed on a tall piece of furniture a ton of dust clumps came flying down in my face. They had obviously NEVER cleaned there. Where else had they never cleaned?

Parking: There is no parking aside from valet and it was $49 a night. Even the staff has to pay for parking! Had I known this we would've stayed somewhere else.

Customer service: as I was cleaning our room upon departure I noticed a card that said something to the nature of "if you aren't completely satisfied please notify us so we can make it right." When we checked our we kindly notified them of the issues we experienced she said, "we know. that part of the hotel is being redone." She was unapologetic and unsympathetic. I think most mistakes can be fixed with proper customer service but we didn't experience that here. 

Cost: we paid $150 per night for three nights and paid $150 for parking not including taxes, fees, and gratuity. This was the most expensive hotel given the deplorable accommodations we experienced.  

There were some pros but our room, which is where most of our time was spent, was so bad that I couldn't justify giving them more stars. Had better customer service occurred I would've given more stars. They say you get what you pay for but that was not the case with this location. It's too bad because I usually have good experiences with Hilton.
Room was super cool. Beautiful views. Room service delivery was great, but the person who answered wasn't very friendly. 

I was there for a conference. The staff was amazing. The food was delicious and nicely presented. They had an amazing vegan meal for me they was beautiful and not a salad or pasta. 

The concierge was very friendly and knowledgeable. 

Check in and check out was a breeze. 

Wi-fi only worked in the room and not in the ballrooms. 

Did I mention that the view was beautiful. 

Definitely would choose this location again if in the Philly area.
While I love staying at a Hilton (HH member) and my children and I loved the view from our room and close walking distance to everything in olde town Philly there were some issues when we checked in and with our stay. 

We paid for a waterfront view and the first room they put us in was overlooking the freeway with a sliver view of the tall ships. After that we were moved to a lower floor and the room is in serious need of some work. Cracked counter in bathroom, dirt in corners and rust on doors as well as gouges in paint in room. All of which was very noticeable, even to my teenagers who hardly ever notice things like this. 

However, the staff were very nice, especially the breakfast servers who always  remembered what we drank and served it immediately. 

I'm not sure if I would stay here again due to the dirtiness and flaws, disappointing for a more expensive Hilton.
Absolutely a let down. The bathrooms were disgusting. COVID-19 cleaning procedures were definitely NOT followed. I never saw anyone cleaning the elevators or walls or even the floors. 
     We had to walk from the parking garage to the hotel. The elevators are slow and few. There were 4 but I stayed there for 3 days and only saw 2 elevators in use. 
    In no way worth ALL the money I spent on rooms. Will never go ba or recommend. SAVE YOUR MONEY and stay at the Wyndham or ANYWHERE else for way less money. This hotel is horrible, I wish I booked a Motel 6 .
I have to start off by saying my niece booked this hotel for us, so I didn't research it like I should've. The hotel is nice, but you have to take 3 elevators from the garage to get to your room. 3! Who thought that was a good idea?!? 
Ok...check in wasn't bad and everyone was polite. You have to drive around the building to park and then take a mini hike up to the room, 811. There was an odd smell when we first went in the room. It kind of smelled like someone was smoking or something, but after awhile we couldn't smell it anymore. It kind of reminded me of the 3 elevators we had to take to get to our room! (Insert eye roll)
The view of the water was beautiful! The room was large and nicely decorated. The bed was not as soft as I usually like, but not bad. The shower had great pressure and plenty of hot water. There was even a window with a view in the bathroom..great for that toilet daydreaming time.... 3 ELEVATORS! 
I thought the hotel was nice, but if I'm back in the area I will probably try out another place.
Dirtiest Hilton property I have ever stayed at and I travel on average every other month. The first room we were given had unidentified brown and red substance on walls, furniture and carpet. Food crumbs and dirty linen. I always disinfectant the handles, switches and counters in the room and this time the wipe was soiled after I did. I complained and ask to speak with a manager and that I wanted  a new room.  At first the front desk employee just told me somebody would come up and re-clean the room that was not OK with me I went downstairs and said I wanted a new room. They did put us in a new room that had no water front view like the first room and the second room still was not very clean. Still had crumbs on the floor and when I disinfected surfaces I wiped up debris.
I am so disappointed in this facility. Glad I'm only staying here one night.
Booked this Hotel through the app "Hotel Tonight".  Seemed to be fairly pricey but I was tired and it was the last day of vacation. 
It's in a great location. As soon as I pulled in, the valet was very nice. We joked about the condition of the local freeways. 
The front desk person was awesome. Everyone was very friendly. The room was spacious, clean and modern. Room service was fast, reasonably priced and delicious.
If you are price conscious, this hotel might give you the frights but I found it to be very comfortable and almost worth every penny I paid. Again, you get what you pay for.
Stayed here as part of a wedding block. Booking was a hassle as they had just switched ownership from the Hyatt and they kept telling us the room type we wanted was not available when  it was. They rooms were clean and welll maintained. We had a room with 2 double beds and with 4 adults staying in it we never felt cramped. In the summer the park below has food stands and a beer garden. Will definitely be staying here again.
2.5 stars should be an option because while not egregious, my experience was far from A-OK.

There was a fire in my apartment building and I was displaced to hotels while I await repairs. I requested the Hilton - PL through my renter's insurance because it's close to my apartment and pet-friendly as I have two cats. I spent eight nights here.

The Good:

- I was placed on the 6th floor and had a pretty good view with views of the Ben Franklin, Spruce Street Harbor Park, the Delaware, and the Walt Whitman in the distance. Actually, the view was the best part of my stay.

- The bathrooms are indeed dated but the water pressure is fine and they're clean with large vanities. The rooms themselves are roomy and the bed comfortable.  

- Nice iPod/iPhone charging stations/radios

- Guest Services and front desk staff were extremely friendly and helpful.

- Hotel food IS delicious.

The Bad:

- Room service is VERY expensive -- somehow two $16 cheesesteaks ended up costing $48 after fees and that's really egregious.

- I don't really know what the solution to this would be but the parking garage (while expensive) is also very, very far from the hotel rooms.  You need to take THREE elevators to get to your car and it takes about 8 minutes while you factor in the waiting for the elevators and then the long walk.  The elevators in the garage are by far the worst -- dark, old, and extremely slow.  At ~$40/night they could probably afford to update them. 

- The cable and TV left much to be desired. The channel selection was poor, the system was slow, and I was unable to plug in and use my AppleTV which is ridiculous. I even asked if I was able to use it and was told no. I'm here for over a week and they couldn't make an exception...? Probably in the hopes that I would purchase one of their overpriced onDemand options?  Don't think so.

The Ugly:

- I had a real problem with housekeeping here.  Two cats = two litter boxes = some unavoidable kitty litter on the floor.  Housekeeping the first day was ok but they didn't vacuum which I found odd because in a pet-friendly room I would expect this to be done daily.  The next day, still no vacuuming and as the kitty litter piled up on the floor next to the litter boxes, I finally called GS again to send someone up with a vacuum. 

- The next Monday, I came back from work and the room was still a mess. Again I called GS to find out why no one had cleaned my room. GS said they were completely sold out the night before and housekeeping was still going around.  It's 6pm but ok... Shortly after I received a call that housekeeping did stop by my room but the housekeeper spotted my cat eating and left.  She left.  Because hotel policy is that in order for housekeeping to come, animals must be crated. I have two cats who need food, water, and litter boxes and I work 9+ hours a day...You do the math. There's no other way to put it: this is bullshit.  So for the remainder of my stay, I did not have housekeeping because crating cats is not a thing; literally no one does that.  Allows pets to stay at the hotel? Yes. Pet-friendly? Not even close.

Very disappointing.
Poor cell reception in the hotel and area in general. The staff wasn't bad but no one mentioned to me about the club lounge. The views are great and the area seemed like it would be fun during the warmer season. My impressions about this place is in between. Some things seemed outdated while other things were modern. But for the location, I would come back.
We stayed there for a long weekend. The price was very good, I assume because it was off season. I heard that there are many activities and events happening right around here during the Summer time. 

The location was pretty good, not too close to the city center, but not too far away either. A good distance to get some walking exercise. Also, it is easy to get Uber if needed. 

The main lobby was very large and spacious with lots of lounge sofas. They had escalator to go up to the event space. It was under repair when we arrived, but it was repaired very quickly as it seems. They had a bar to the right of the entrance, and also have a large restaurant. We didn't do any drinking or dining inside the hotel, but it is always good to have the option. 

We arrived rather early in the morning, so we didn't expect to be able to check in to a room until later, but they had a room available at that moment, which was great! I was on the 5th floor, which is right above the gym, pool, etc., so the view from the room was not the best. We still got to see the water and city, which was nice. 

The room was very spacious, clean, and had everything we needed. It also had basic amenities such as refrigerator, coffee maker, hair dryer, etc. The bed was quite comfortable. The temperature in the room was not easy make them stable, since lots of sunlight comes in from the window during the day. It is best to keep the blackout curtain closed during the day if you are going to be out. 

The staffs here were all polite, nice and helpful. We had a nice weekend in Philly, being able to explore to several locations at ease due to the location of the hotel.
Disappointing! As a Diamond member the room we got was bare, not up to par, no robes nor slippers I expected for a Hilton upgraded room. I could have stayed closer to the City Center with Home2 or Garden Inn but given our status as Diamond loyal member, we expected the customary upgrade, to our disappointment.  Check out photos...you would be disappointed too! 

Worst of all, the linen on our lopsided bed was torn at the top edge.

This Hilton does not live up to their brand---what a letdown.
We've been here 6 nights. We've asked for attention to our room but Haven't gotten any. Our toilet was clogged. They left their bucked behind. The worst service ever.
Consider other hotels!! Even though this hotel is right at Penn's landing, The hotel parking is expensive where they make you take 3 elevators and a far walk to get to your room. There's no smoking in this hotel however all you smell is marijuana throughout the hallways and elevator. At night it gets very trashy with the thugs and homeless. We heard screaming and yelling throughout the halls including vulgar loud music. It gets so trashy when I like to see it classy. 
Also this hotel claims it is pet friendly however they had no areas to walk your dog.
Recently stayed at this property for a few nights after getting a great rate of $110 a night on Hotwire. I was looking for an area that was quiet, somewhat safe for me to walk to at night (the area around Reading Terminal Market is seedy and seedier at night...), and clean so this met those things on my list.

Let's start with pros...
1. Location- Mentioned above. It's in a quiet part of the city that isn't as busy however, there's no riff raff, and you are never truly alone (it's next to a very busy street where there are cars at all hours). Bus 12 is a 2 minute walk from the lobby. This bus takes you right near Reading Terminal Market (although there is a 5 minute walk from where you get off). You are also an 8-10 minute walk from the Front & Market bus station where you can catch the 48 bus to take you to see the Rocky Steps and Rocky Statue (7min walk from where you get off). The Phlash bus is also adjacent to the 12 bus stop however, I decided to stick to just taking Septa buses because I like the flexibility with times offered (you are limited on Phlash). Also there is a Landmark Theater a few minutes walk away. Watched Jojo Rabbit the first time I arrived. Nearly everything in the Old City is less than a 15 minute walk.

2. Room- Comfortable bed, large room, had a nice view of the Delaware River, fridge, and the shower worked well

3. Price- Again Hotwire made it reasonable (I'm not brand loyal...I'm price loyal)

4. Free Wifi- Worked well

5. Flavored water in lobby- The watermelon one is delish

6. Microwave in cafe-I never used it as I ate all my food having no left overs anyway, but they do have a microwave. I assume guests can use this.

Cons....
1. Staff- I see the reviews here are mixed. While the staff wasn't bad (except for 1 person), no one was particularly helpful or proactive. You will have to do your research and come up with the questions to ask. I had to mention the complimentary shuttle, pretzels, hours of amenities, etc. This is not the kind of staff that will bend over backwards to help you.

2. Housekeeping- There was a house keeper who annoyed me. I left my room one morning early and put the privacy door tag on because I was coming right back and didn't want to have to wait outside for it to be cleaned since I was returning within minutes. This was before 9AM. She gave me a hard time saying not to keep it up so that she could clean, and something like she doesn't like when people keep it up for hours (couldn't understand her). Totally intrusive and inappropriate.

3. In Room Amenities- They keep the coffee maker by the TV, however there's no outlet available for you to plug the coffee maker in where it is located lol. I had to make coffee in the bathroom of all places. They also don't have cotton balls/cotton pads in the bathroom, or a bath robe (I realize this might be more of a Hyatt than a Hilton thing though). The TV was dated...yeah I get you don't go to Philadelphia to watch TV, however I would like there to be more than 20 channels (give or take) available).

4. Pool/Sauna- The sign says open at 5 AM (may have been 7) however at 9AM the pool was locked. The sauna also never seemed to work despite it being on with a temperature set high.

5. Pretzels- There didn't seem to be pretzels given to guests when I was there =(

Despite a number of annoyances, I would easily return to this property simply due to the location if I got it for a reasonable price again. The only other hotel right by the property is the Marriott but it's usually more expensive. There are a couple smaller hotels as well.
This hotel overlooks the Delaware River and is about 10 minutes (walking from Old Philadelphia). 

I was in room 1608, which has a view that over looks the Benjamin Franklin Bridge and the Delaware river. The room has 3 large windows 2 over looking the river and one in the corner, with a great view of the B.F. bridge and the river. My room was spacious, with a large bathroom and all the amenities, room safe, coffee maker, body wash, etc. The only thing it did not have, was a bathrobe. 


Continental breakfast was ample and plenty and grabbing a cup of joe before I left the hotel was not an issue. Walking to Liberty Bell takes about 10 minutes, it's a nice walk. I used an uber from the hotel a few times and had no issues. The ride from the airport to the hotel was about 22.00.
My only complaint is that in a nice hotel that is this expensive they don't have usb plugs anywhere (At least not in my room). On the plus side, I went downstairs to the front desk to ask if they had a plug and got help right away. So, essentially, I am giving less than 5 only because I feel like the powers that be need to do better with making sure that when the rooms cost A LOT you can actually charge things easily. From my limited experience though, the staff was great, so my advice is to just nicely ask if you have needs or concerns and I feel like the people that work at/with the hotel will do their best to help
What a fabulous hotel! Hilton keeps their name with this one.

Penn's landing is a location right on the river in Philadelphia, with a museum, cool running path, and neat lit-up park. The water view from the hotel are amazing.

I love how the room is decorated with a colonial feel. There is a nice solid wood desk table, and a brown leather chair with brass rivets. The bed was big, comfy, and clean. And I loved the bright white bathroom.

I was pleased by the service as well. I called the front desk multiple times (not unusual for me), and they were prompt to answer. The front desk was always able to help me.

I got room service for breakfast- I HIGHLY recommend it! The egg white crab, mozzarella, and spinach omelet was so perfect. They also got it up to me within 15 minutes of ordering!

Next time I'm in Philly, I know where to stay!!
You simply can't go wrong with a Hilton. This particular one at Penn's Landing is right on the water, and simply lovely. We checked in early on Xmas day and were lucky they had a room available. We were on the 18th floor and had a street view looking at the Philly skyline - very pretty, especially with the evening sunset.
We ordered room service which was delivered promptly. The avocado toast is excellent and their quinoa salad is also very good. The desserts on the room service menu are outdated though as they didn't have several of the items - and we substituted for whatever they did have. The creme brûlée is not ideal (this tasted more like a pre-packaged insta mix type of concoction - come on Hilton, you can do better!)
After gorging I used the gym on the 4th floor. The gym is small but very clean and has all the essentials you need for a solid work out. It overlooks the water which is quite lovely. The hotel also has a pool and sauna to boot - wish I'd brought my bathing suit! 
Since the hotel is not too close to the city center (you could walk it if the weather is good, but you need to drive if it's cold) you need to decide ahead of time how much you will use your car. The parking is a little pricey because if you go in and out of the hotel's garage it will cost you each time like a new stay.  There is street parking also available nearby and you can use ParkMobile to extend the session.  In any case if you choose to park in the hotel's garage, they encourage you to look at your hotel bill to make sure you are not double charged for parking (ie if you pay directly in the garage at the pay station, and then again at checkout if your hotel stay). We had no complications but I appreciated that they were thorough. Yes I would stay here again. Clean, courteous and comfortable.
Great hotel, convenient location for sightseeing, and the service was excellent! Check-in was a breeze. Yessy at the welcome counter was super friendly with a sweet heart. My husband and I were celebrating our wedding anniversary and Yessy was so thoughtful, she included a special gift for us in our room! 

The view from our corner room was beautiful. The bathroom was spacious. Nice pool on the 4th floor. I just wished there was a jacuzzi! Parking is located in the rear of the building and easy to access with the hotel room keycard. Breakfast was yummy! The waiter was lackluster but the crab omelette made up for that. 

I would book again in a heartbeat!
Stayed 2 nights for business in march 2019, and really liked this hotel.

The hotel is located along the Delaware river and has incredible views.  It's also walking distance to restaurants and shops.  It's a short drive to the historical/tourist areas.  Christopher Columbus park is next door, and across the street is the Korean War Memorial Park.  The hotel is large with 22 floors.

There is no resort fee.  Self parking is $29 per day.  It takes about 15 minutes to get from the parking area to the hotel lobby.  Valet is $44 per day.

All of the staff were very friendly, helpful and they really go out of their way to make you feel like a valued customer.  There is a free shuttle that will drop off and pick up within 5 miles of the hotel, which covers most of the tourist/historical areas.  The driver Lawrence is awesome.  Very friendly and very knowledgeable about the area and history.  He made a great recommendation to have dinner at the Saloon, which was excellent.   The Concierge Chris is also great.  Very friendly and awesome at making recommendations and getting reservations.  Another staff members that goes out of his way for customers.

The hotel also has;
* Rope and Anchor restaurant and bar
* 2 computer and printer station in the lobby (very little privacy)
* Large 24/7 gym with Life Fitness cardio machines and equipment 
* Indoor pool and dry sauna open from 5am till midnight, but there is no jacuzzi
* Well stocked 24/7 mini-mart 
* Relaxing lobby with lots of comfortable seating
* Executive lounge for Hilton Honors gold members and those staying on the top 2 floors.  They have snacks, serve a light breakfast, and have a nightly happy hour with food and drinks.

The room was medium in size, very clean and well maintained.  The decor was old black&white pictures of Philly landmarks and structures.  The room had lots of drawer and closet space, lots of electrical outlets, coffee maker, desk & chair, arm chair, safe, iron/board.  There was a large HD television with lots of cable channels, free HBO, and PPV.  The bed and pillows were very comfortable.  The views of the Delaware river and the sunrise from the room were incredible.  If you are a Hilton Honors member you also get free WIFI.  The signal strength could have been a little better.

The bathroom was medium in size with a large counter.  It was very clean.  The tub/shower, toilet and sink were all in one room.  There was also a make-up mirro and a blow dryer.

Overall this is a wonderful hotel, I'm looking forward to visiting Philly again with my family and we will definitely be staying at this hotel.  My only negatives are no jacuzzi, better WIFI, and the windows were a little dirty.  But those are minor compared to all the other great features the hotel offered.
The Hilton at Penn's Landing is just ok. Slow check in process but once they called for more front desk clerks, it mildly sped up. Front desk clerk was very nice and explained about local restaurants and bars in the area. We were there for a Phillies game so we knew it would be late by the time we got back from the game, but thanked her for the info. anyway.

The room itself was pretty nice. The carpet was a bit dated, but it had a great view of the river and it was nice watching the ships go up and down the river. Penn's Landing was still pretty much closed due to Corona, but like I said, we didn't have a ton of time to just hang out anyway.

The reason for the 3 stars is the bathroom. It needs updated badly. They kind of half-as*ed a remodel of the sink counter top, but that's it. The shower has old tiles, really old tub, old sloppy caulk, old shower curtain etc. It also had zero ventilation in the bathroom, so after two showers, it took an hour for the steam and mirrors to clear up. They are in desperate need to gut the bathrooms and get them up to date. 

We normally stay at the Wyndham in Old City and will be going back to them for our next Philly overnight.
Spent three nights here for a conference, and as with most Hilton properties, the service was stellar. The front desk went above and beyond, the concierge hailed the shuttle for us on a moments notice and Jackie at the bar kept us smiling and our glasses full. The offer a fully stocked executive suite, including Philly pretzels each afternoon.
Ask for a high floor so you'll have a view.
This hotel is magnificent. I am a Hilton Diamond member who travels extensively, and from the cleanliness of the rooms to the professional staff, the hotel is perfect. I highly, highly recommend this hotel to anyone. The hotel is clean, the rooms are gorgeous, spacious and up to date, and staying at the Hilton Penn's Landing is a memorable experience. 

In particular, a front desk employee named Toshiba is probably one of the most helpful staff members I have ever encountered in a hotel. She always remembers my family, and she goes above and beyond to show she genuinely cares about our comfort and wellbeing. 

The front desk is the first encounter for a guest and a service oriented, customer oriented front desk person can make a trip. Tashida is the probably the most courteous, and genuinely helpful hotel employee I see while traveling. 

Tashida always goes above and beyond to remember our room preference, she is extremely knowledgeable in restaurant recommendations and she makes awesome family activity recommendations. We cannot express our gratitude enough for amazing employees like Tashida who go out of their way to make us feel at home.

Thank you for the wonderful experience Hilton, especially Tashida! We look forward to continuing to visit this hotel with my family and business. Because of the amazing staff (Tashida) this is our favorite hotel in the country!
One of the best Hiltons I've ever stayed at.  I love the location, the staff, and the amenities. Our view was superb -- we got a water view room on the 20th floor overlooking the river so we could see across to New Jersey, and it was AMAZING. We were close to the historic part of Philadelphia with great restaurants, close to the museums and all of it felt really safe. The best part of it was the shuttle service, which took you free anywhere within 5 miles. Given that Philadelphia is not that big and you could get anywhere you wanted to go within 5 miles, it was like having your own driver service. I had to move to another hotel after two nights because of a conference, but really wish I had stayed here the whole time. So great.
Home for the weekend. Upon arrival to the hotel the place was huge and very clean with beautiful decor in the hotel lobby. 

The front desk staff were very professional and helpful. We arrived early to the hotel after our flight but we were able to check in and get comfortable in the room. The room was very nice, good decor with a full size bathroom that was spotless. The beds are huge and comfy with great pillows. 

The concierge desk is great! Very professional and make you feel comfortable with their hospitality and professionalism. They have great knowledge of the Philadelphia area and the best recommendations. 

I really approve this hotel and its location because it's in a great location with access to all the fun. The hotel is very helpful in getting you were you want to go with their shuttle service. Just call tell them where you need to be and they have no problem helping.
I stay here about every 2 months as I have a site that I manage is in the area. I love this hotel. Front desk staff are professionally uniformed, professional & friendly. I'm a diamond member and they follow appropriate protocol and check in is effortless. Rooms are updated, clean & the view is breathtaking.
There is a bellman there that likes to holler at guests (females) when they decline for him to take their bags to the rooms. He has colleagues that call your room saying your car is being towed, when it isn't.  Not sure what kind of scheme is going on here, but call the police and make a police report if this happens to you. Not sure if the bellman is trying to rummage through your bags or place cameras in your room. Either way he's creepy and the manager there brushes you off as if he's not taking the matter seriously. BEWARE STAYING HERE
I had a very pleasant stay at this hotel!  I would absolutely stay again.  The rooms were comfortable and clean.  The water pressure was good and the heating and air conditioning was efficient.  The staff were friendly and helpful.  The parking garage is directly attached to the hotel which makes for easy transition.  The view is fantastic and you are located by so many wonderful activities especially when spruce harbor park is in it's prime.  But even with the decorations down I had a wonderful time spending time by the water with my hotel only a few feet away.  My go to for sure.
This hotel is one of the top cost effective hotels I have ever stayed. I recommend selecting a package at booking, but book directly through Hilton ONLINE!! 

Very convenient and was greeted from the moment I parked.
We stayed here a few days over spring break with my kids ages 9 and 14.  They loved the pool.  Great views.  We loved that the pool, sauna and work out room was open until midnight. (work out room was open 24 hrs)  Our room was wonderful.  Pillows were fabulous.  Very clean and quiet.  Loved the view.  Everything was pretty much within walking distance.  The hotel staff was great.  The concierge was so nice, helpful and friendly.  I wish I could remember his name. Grrrr....he deserves such a better shout out than that!!  Great guy.  Anyway, we will be back.
Rooms never get cool the air-conditioner just runs and runs the building in general is also very humid. Beds are terribly uncomfortable and sink in. Bathroom needs fixing and there are drip marks all over the walls throughout entire room. Food is also not good would not stay here again.
I always book a hotel stay here. I love the staff and the rooms/beds are very comfortable. Ask for a room that ends in "11" It's the vertical facing the river. Beautiful views of the city, river and Moshulu, Olympia, etc.  You can also bring your pet, which I have done numerous times and they are always welcomed which is one of the reasons I keep coming back.  It's also the easiest place to travel in from NJ, park the car and enjoy the city.
We were looking to stay in Downtown Philly for few nights. I saw that this Hilton had some consistent and great reviews. The location was perfect. It is right off the main highway, in a quiet and safe corner of the city and within walking distance to most tourist attractions. Valet parking is in front, while self-parking (a 6-floor indoor garage) is about a block ahead to the right. Parking was $35 per night but includes in/out privileges which is great. You submit your original paper ticket to the hotel desk at check-in and from then on, you use your hotel room card to enter and exit the parking lot. Once you park, you have to take a elevator don to the main garage floor, then walk a bit to the car rental area only to take another elevator up the lobby. Once there you have to take the normal elevators up to the room...so essentially, each time we left and re-entered the hotel, we had to take 3 separate elevators to get to our room. The lobby is big and lovely, especially being decorated for the holidays as it was. All staff were king, friendly and helpful. Check in was simple. We arrived there at about 1 PM and despite their normal 3 PM check-in time, they were able to get us a great NorthEast facing room overlooking the bridge and river. The room was on the smaller side, but probably average for city-hotels. The beds were very comfortable and the bathroom was very clean. The room was okay but I was expecting maybe a bit more modern touches such as more charging outlet strips and USB ports. Those minor details.upgrades can make a big impression. There was an ironing board, iron, safe, coffee/tea maker and hairdryer in the room. Ice-machines and vending ($4 20-oz. sodas) are located on each floor. Gym and pool were also available but we did not have an opportunity to use either. When reviewing hotels, it is good to look at the competitors...for example...it would be unfair to compare this hotel which is centrally located in a big city to something in the suburbs, which may offer perks such as free and convenient parking, free breakfast and microwaves in every room(they charge $25 if you want a microwave in your room). Understanding this, I can say we had a great stay here. There is a bar in the lobby (the day of the Cowboys-Eagles game) which was pretty live. There is also a restaurant down there as well as a pantry area for all of those essentials you forgot to bring. Across the highway (10 minute walk) is where you will find shopping/MArket Street with lots of food options and a CVS.
Great location to visit Philly if you are looking for a tour of American History.  The hotel is located on the Delaware river next to Old City which offers the visitor the potential of a wonderful view from the room.  The accommodations were exceptional, the hotel offers a decent gym with current treadmills, free weights and a sauna.  The indoor pool is directly attached to the gym/sauna area with windows surrounding the room.  The pool itself is suited for laps with a total depth of 4'.  The room we had was a good size, the only downside was that the guest had to pay an additional fee for WIFI in their room (which maybe an attraction for some guests).
I had a great experience at this Hilton.  I dropped in without a reservation and the staff was extremely friendly and accommodating with a competitive rate.

The room was great, fully equipped with everything I needed with new modern amenities.  The bed was extremely comfortable. 

I ordered breakfast room service, and was pleased with the timeliness of its arrival, the freshness of the ingredients, and the many options.

Lastly, I had an unplanned conference call at 12pm - which is check out time.  I asked the front desk if I could delay the check out time for awhile so I could join the call, and they allowed it without being fussy.  That was good customer service. 

I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting the area.  It's conveniently located to the historical locations and right next to Spruce Street.
As a Hilton honors member I used my points to purchase my parents a room here for a special occasion. Unfortunately it was not a good experience. To start I put their name on the reservation so they would not have trouble checking in, and although my moms name was listed on my account reservation details, the hotel still would not let them check in and they had to call me. Luckily I was available and near my phone at the time otherwise they would have been waiting in the lobby. They attempted to pay for valet so it wouldn't be charged to the room, and the receptionist made them charge it to the room. After talking to the receptionist for 5 minutes she finally let them check in. She never told them about the shuttle, WiFi, breakfast, workout area, or any of the other amenities that were explained to every other guest checking in at the time. Or even that they got a discount at the hotel restaurant which they ended up eating at and could have saved money. Once they got to their room they had trouble with the tv and heating system. Luckily they had plans that night so it didn't not affect their stay too much, but for the amount of points I used and the cost of a room per night this is not acceptable. Also, considering both I and my parents are Hilton honors members and they weren't given the basic expectations from a hotel, I will not be visiting this hotel again. I put in a call to speak with a manager, and left 2 messages and he has yet to call me back, or anyone from the hotel call me back for that matter. Thanks Hilton for showing me that I am not valued as a guest alone, but definitely not as a Hilton honors member who frequents Your brands. Looks like I will be going back to Marriott hotels.
Don't go!  Over Priced and Under Valued!
We paid over $450 a night, we were put in a conference room with a fold out bed! No closet, no phone, no garment bag, coffee maker, etc. We couldn't even get a cup of coffee in the lobby unless we paid $4.00.  We have stayed in hundred's of hotels, that charge much less and provide much more! This was a 1st!  Staff was unpleasant and the concierge must go for better training.  Oh by the way, I'm a Hilton Honor's member for over 10 years.  I can't imagine how others are treated.  The Ritz and the Wyndam are much better values in Philly.
Honestly, didn't stay at this hotel, but I was a victim of numerous calls asking about reservations, service, and cancellations. I answered the phone calls politely and told future guests that this is not the hilton and to contact the hotel by email. I called customer service and I emailed the hotel letting them know about this situation. I asked the hotel to let me know once this problem will be resolved. I spent all night and morning answering calls and having my whole entire voicemail full. It took them all night and morning to fix this problem and they never got back to me once this problem was resolved. This hotel never got back to me and I'm truly pissed about it. After this incident at a upscale hotel, I will not stay at another Hilton due to their lack of customer service and poor communications security. Long story short, it seems like they were hacked by a disgruntled guest and their phone number on the website and google was call forwarded to my cell phone. IF I WERE YOU, DO NOT USE THEIR WIFI OR INTERNET SERVICE. I WOULD EVEN BE AFRAID TO TURN ON MY BLUETOOTH. YOU WILL PROBABLY BE THE NEXT PERSON HACKED.
Very nice hotel.  This was my family's first time traveling with our 8 month old and this hotel made it very easy.  We enjoyed the pool, the view, and the excellant service.  Very relaxing breakfast setting as well.  Look forward to staying here again and enjoying more of Philadelphia.
The review is for the Hilton parking lot which is totally a disaster. Whenever there's an event at Penns landing it takes 45 minutes to exit 5 floors. A single booth with the slowest payment processing.
Walls are so thin. I can't sleep all I can hear is the people's voices in the halls and the party next to my room. Word for word conversations can be heard through the walls.
Hilton Penn's Landing is right on the water. The view was spectacular. We were visiting family who live in Old City, so the location was perfect!

The staff was efficient, professional and pleasant. The hotel had some (according to BF) tasty soft pretzels available for guests in the lobby. 

The hotel has recently been updated and it shows. Everything is nice and clean.

The room was lovely and the bed was very comfortable, as you'd expect.

We used the hotel's garage parking, which is a tad pricey relative to a remote garage, but very convenient.
The Keating's rope and anchor bar is a prime location in Penn's Landing for scenic, waterfront views and good drinks. Live music at the bar adds to the great vibe. The drinks are not as moderately priced as they are at spruce street harbor park or Morgan's pier nearby but if you are happy to shell out a little more for a more classy, elegant experience on Penn's landing, I'd strongly recommend this. And you are more than likely to rub shoulders with an MLS star during your time here. It seems like this is where they unwind before match days. That's more reasons than one!
I can't say enough good things about the people, location, comfort, and convenience of this hotel. Loved every second. The bed was SO comfortable (huge plus) and the deck at the Rope and Anchor bar was the perfect place for a nightcap. The only drawback was pricey parking, but we just Ubered from nearby. Fantastic experience!
Great location downtown, I was impressed and pleased that my company recommended this hotel for my business trip! I've never stayed in a Hilton before so have no frame of reference, but I really enjoyed my stay here. 
All staff very helpful and friendly. Room service was very speedy! It was delivered within 15 minutes when they quoted 30-45. 
Room very clean with lots of space, impressive bathroom mirror framed with bright natural light, countertop magnification. Fridge but no microwave. Nice view of the river depending on which side you're on. 
Incredible gym! But the Peloton bike seat knob was rusted and couldn't adjust the height so I couldn't use it. Dry sauna, and large indoor pool on the 4th floor that overlooks the town. 
Parking is expensive! I believe the "discount" is two bucks off, which makes it $35 per day, and you cannot directly access the hotel from the garage - you have to go down then up then up again. But it's only about a mile from the Liberty Bell and all the historical stuff so.. 
would return
First off, I made this reservation a while ago so Hyatt didn't tell me this changed to hilton... 

Location on the river isn't bad, so you have decent room views. Service was ok, they have an indoor pool, but...

- 19th floor room was still pretty loud (traffic, and was woken up by a group of families next to me opening and shutting the doors)
- Hotel feels a bit older
- Shower temperatures available are only scalding hot or luke warm
- No Starbucks nearby
- Gym was pretty shoddy, pieces of machines looking like they're about to break off, no bosu balls, pretty small

Other hotels I've stayed at have been located more downtown, which allows you to wake up practically next to awesome cafes and restaurants.

Maybe this is good for budget families but I would recommend Hyatt at the Bellevue or Le Meridien over this property
Unsanitary hole with great views. Upon check in the door had a sticker stating it was cleaned. On entrance to the room, everything was covered with months worth of dust. The sheets were stained with dark stiff spots (bodily fluids?), and covered in "body" hairs. The toilet had dried urine under the seat. The tub's handicapped handle was partially broken off exposing a rusted screw, and rust stains running down the shower wall. More "body" hairs stuck to the shower walls.  Floor was unvacuumed with food crumbs throughout the room.  Two broken lamps and multiple dead wall outlets.  The front desk was apologetic, but slow to address the issues. I was here for a conference, and colleagues reported the same conditions. I do not recommend this place.  If you do stay here, bring a vacuum, sheets, a drill, dusting supplies, bleach, rubber gloves and plenty of paper towels.  This is where hookers go to be murdered.  You've been warned.
I was here for a work conference, and overall, it's a good hotel with nice rooms, wonderful location, and good amenities. Their fitness center is pretty nice and includes a Peloton, which I haven't seen before, and their pool looks pretty great! I didn't get to go in, but if I stayed again, I would definitely give it a shot.

On the minus side, I've gotten used to staying at Marriott hotels, and one great thing about their rooms is that there are great options for entertainment - you can connect to your Netflix/Hulu account, and they offer free HBO Now. Not having that, there were very few non-paid streaming options, so I mainly watched live TV. Of course, it was a work conference, so probably for the best. Also, I'm pretty sure Marriott hotels offer water bottles for free with the room, which was always a nice touch (unless you go for the premium bottles).
This hotel is outdated. It's plain old & the interior of the rooms looks like a cheap seedy motel. The lobby might fool you. My advice; don't let it. 

Starting with the doors, they appear to have not been cleaned since the 1980s. Even the do not disturb sign was filthy & worn! To a germaphobe like myself, this was disgusting & unacceptable 

The room itself is constructed with the cheapest of pressed wood furniture. It's old & beat up as well. They provide you one closet that fits barely a few items & the drawers of the dresser hadn't been cleaned for decades as well. Suffice to say I hung whatever was wrapped in plastic in the closet & left the rest in my bags. 

The bathrooms are atrocious. I myself chose to cover the entire floor with towels to cover the almost offensively white builders grade tile & the cracks in them as well. If you're like me & appreciate a shower, well, this isn't the place for you! Think Home Depot basics with a handicap bar that has turned a whole new color typically not going in the spectrum. 

The grounds & general property were ok. There's a boardwalk of sorts behind the hotel which was kind of cool & mellow. The room service took forever & the good was horrid! (Mess up a cheesesteak in philly?!! ) 

Everywhere I looked online this hotel was given 4 stars! Either I'm extremely particular or the rest of the traveling community is blind! 

Bottom line is this hotel gets 1 star & that's only because I didn't get a room with bed bugs ...shocking actually. 

If you can afford the extra $100 + or - I'd strongly advise you stay at the Four Seasons ! If you've got some bucks then make sure you get the suite facing the fountain!

Look a Hilton is just a Hilton. But for the most part they're ok for a night or two. But this place was so bad, I am appalled that the Hilton Family still associated it's name with it.
Unbelievably dirty, dusty and unprofessional! Majority of the staff seemed cranky and miserable. The rooms are hideous! First of all no airways, meaning there is no fresh air coming in nor dirty going out! After the rooms are cleaned, beds, tables, lamps, walls are full of dust. My family and i stayed for 3 nights and 2 days. We pretty much breathed all that dust over nights! Never thought of a classy and well known hotel to be this inconsistent! Don't get me started on getting to my car to the hotel! It's like an underground passage way! Will not come back again!
Nice hotel that I stayed at while visiting Philly back in August. The overall visit could had been better though, as there was an issue with the pipes in the building. I was taking a shower there the second day of my stay and all of a sudden I hear pounding on the front door...then I hear someone trying to get into the room and I started to feel a bit startled. I had the block lock on the door just for safety security, so I run out of the shower to see what the hell was going on. So it was hotel maintenance saying that water from shower which hadn't been on long and of course the bathroom I was using wasn't flooded at all, that water had been dripping into the bottom floor bathroom. 

Of course had to let maintenance in to see what the issue was. They said that they had to fix a piping issue and I would have to change my room. So of course I couldn't finish my shower and had to pack my clothes and such very quickly to be moved into the next room. Definitely an inconvenience. Thankfully though the second room had a better view than the first. 

Another thing, that kind of left me meh with this hotel was that the pool was no available. Now I know during these times of COVID that for the most part that is to be possibly expected but it would had been appreciated to had known this upon booking the hotel which it wasn't on any of the hotel booking sights. Part of the reason why I chose the Hilton in this area in the first place was because they have a pool and being that I wasn't ready to take any beach trips at that specific time and NYC hotel pools weren't available, I had chose and thought this Hilton would be. Was a bit disappointed that it wasn't.

Other than all of that, checking in and checking out was fairly easy and the rooms were clean and beds were very comfortable which is always what I look for with hotel rooms, other than good plumbing and a nice view. We'll see if Hilton can do a little better if I come back for another visit.
Hotel is great area and staff, front desk Steven is fabulous! Room 1811 large great view 
They let me do late check out it's pouring raiin so no sight seeing today. Being gold free breakfast, it's fine for free but wouldn't pay 25$ pp
Place is very clean, everyone including door man is terrific free transportation to 11 miles. Excellent area close to historic  
We walk everywhere it's fun!
Very beautiful view of the Ben Franklin bridge  nice people at the desk and breakfast area and the bar. Bartender gave us a nice shot 2 minutes after arriving in the lobby just in time before our Lyft ride.
We stayed here for 2 nights for a wedding party. There's lots to do in the surrounding area. The reception area was clean and open. Staff was courteous and helpful. We got a water view which was great for the 2 kids staying with us. The event was on-site and we loved the convenience factor. We ordered room service breakfast but they didn't get it right (which we didn't address because by the time the new food arrives we'd have to wait some more time). The Parking is $35 a night which was ridiculously expensive, $45 for valet per night. We didn't want to pay $70 for the car to just sit there, we parked on the street (free) and took Lyft from there. Plenty of street parking (with no time limit) between Christian and Washington (on S Front St). Def saved us $70. It's about a 12 min walk or a $5 Lyft ride (one-way).  Our cars were secure and no issues. Hope this helps you!
Great location.  Right on penns landing strip. Summer would be hopping but winter everything is closed down. Even as low as the 6th floor ( dog friendly floor) you get a great view of the river. 7 minute walk to old city area bars and restaurants. Valet parking was $44 which seems overpriced but even garage parking was $32 so did it anyways to avoid bag hauling with family. Huge points for functional and fast elevators. No matter how good everything else is broken down and by extension crowded elevator's are deal breakers. They passed the test. Indoor pool was open but ice water. One family came and left after dipping  toes in water. Less people in the pool the better  so I'll take it, but it was so cold I think the heater was broken. Hilton Gold member so was given nice corner room and breakfast. I'd return.
First, digital key did not work for either parking or the room. Especially frustrating as I paid extra to use a digital key for parking. As we checked in we were told our complimentary water would be in the room. It was not. Our bed had damage (slight damage on the headboard and a visibly peeling section on the wooden ground barrier). Our toilet did not run correctly. Our climate control did not work. No free breakfast or WiFi, despite being a Hilton honors member. Disappointed with the price paid for two nights compared to what we got. I have paid less for a better experience in other Hilton locations.
Great location. Attentive and friendly staff. Housekeeping; however, is sorely lacking. From the initial room with a dirty bathroom (filthy sink, dirty towel on the floor), furniture gathering dust and a lamp w a large tear on the shade, to a replacement room that hadn't been vacuumed, with a shower curtain liner growing mold, plus an eww soap dish and a dirty dish that remained on the floor outside the door from the day we arrived (not our dish) to when we left (3 days later)....come on!  I also saw housekeeping spraying bed linen in another room and thought:  that's great!  Some disinfectant spray. Super idea in the time of Covid. Nope. It was only some "smell good" product. Made me wonder if it wasn't a distraction of sorts. Kind of like using freshly baked cookies at an open house!  Lastly, the elevator from the garage was broken so we had to schlep our heavy bags up the valet ramp and back down again when we checked out. Now look, I get it that things can go awry. I would have not said a word about housekeeping and chalked that first room up as an "oops".  But it quickly became obvious it wasn't a one off (others were experiencing substandard housekeeping). Bottom line:  If I ever need to spend the night in Philly again, I'll look elsewhere.
