Got an excellent rate for CHOP visitors. Uber/Lyft will cost about $9 each way. 10-15 minutes depending on traffic. Great location! Right in the middle of all the action. Tons of bars and restaurants right around the corner on 13th street. 

I agree about the parking. It's a mess. Attendant on each level and when you are the 4th floor they tell you to go back to 2nd floor for hotel guests. Note, just head to level 2 if u are hotel guests. $30 a day to park. Not bad at all. 

The room is quite big. 2 queen beds. Refrig and coffee maker. Smaller tv but lots of channels. Sink is on the outside of the bathroom with a small room for tub and toilet. It's loud where you can hear your next door mates but if you turn on the AC unit it does a great job drowning out the noise!

Breakfast is okay. They have pre made frozen omelette, pork and turkey sausage, cinnamon rolls, bread, bagels and cereal. It's always stocked though.
Aside from a great location, this hotel offers up a ho-hum experience.

As a small, Asian dude, I normally don't have a problem squeezing into tight places. But the hotel room bathrooms - oh my dear lord they are small. Just standing vertically at the toilet was challenging enough. I'm like a 2D character, and I still felt cramped.

The elevators were seriously claustrophobic. Again, diminutive Asian guy.. could barely fit in with my bags. If you're traveling with your family and each have a bag, well, you're going to have to take multiple trips. 

Room walls are thin. I enjoyed listening to my neighbor's TV all night.

But you know what? I can honestly look past all that stuff. The biggest offender here is the parking situation. There is a parking garage literally built into the hotel - the lobby is on the first floor, then the parking garage takes up floors 2-6 or so, then the hotel rooms start on the 7th floor on up. 

It's a public garage, so anyone can park their car there, not just hotel guests. However, the hotel has some sort of contract with the garage. You can have your parking fee billed to your hotel check. But guess what? Even though you're staying in the hotel that SHARES THE SAME BUILDING with the parking garage, there is no discount to speak of. You pay the same $25 fee that anyone would pay, whether staying in a room or not.

Virtually all other hotels in the area have some sort of discount with local garages. If location isn't absolutely essential, I'd look into them instead. A $25 parking fee just seems egregious.

OWNER RESPONSE EDIT:

"The rate of $27/night for our guests using the parking garage is a discounted price because it includes in-and-out access."

Well, no. That's not a discount. The base rate is $25. Any person can pay $25 to use the garage. A hotel guest pays the same $25. But you offer an optional $2 charge so hotel guests can have the option of taking their car in and out. So it's a surcharge, not a discount. Quite the opposite.

Also, let's be honest. The parking situation is not going to change. People on here and on Trip Advisor have been complaining about your parking fees for years. And the rates have actually risen since then. Try to work out a deal. Seriously. You'll make a lot of people happy, and you'll have a ton of return customers.
I stayed here four nights when I visited Philly for my friend's party couple of months ago. We drove from Charlotte, NC and checked in around mid night. It only took few minutes for us to check in. 

We got in our room and it was clean, well organized as you would expect from Holiday Inn. The rooms were bit small but I guess that's because it's an older property. They can change the decor, keep it clean but they can't do anything abt the size and believe it or NOT size does matter now days lol

One the best thing about this Hotel is the location. It's in walking distance to restaurants, clubs and shopping. We were walking in downtown Philly in middle of the night until 4am with out any issues. 

One thing I didn't like about this place was their Parking. We parked our car in their deck since this hotel is in downtown. We found a parking spot on 4th floor and we had to come down from elevator from the deck and then again we had to get on from the inside of the hotel to get to our room.
The Holiday Inn is not my first choice of hotels to book since I prefer a slightly more elegant hotel that offers a few more amenities. Unfortunately, the other hotels in the area had already been booked six months prior to our trip and prices were inflated since we were visiting during The University of Pennsylvania's graduation weekend.

THE GOOD:
1. Great Location - Close to many downtown restaurants and the Univ. of PA. 

2. Friendly Service 

3. Spacious Rooms

4. Continental Breakfast - Not a good option if you are watching your carbs, but the piping hot cinnamon rolls and the breakfast sandwiches were pretty darn good considering it was a free breakfast!

THE NOT SO GREAT:
1. Paper Thin Walls and Windows - We checked into our room on the 15th floor after midnight with hopes of getting some sleep. Instead we had to suffer through hours of taxis honking their horns and screaming drunks at the nightclubs below. Once the clubs closed at 2 am the party moved to a pizza parlor next door so I didn't fall asleep until 3 am. We asked to switch to a quieter room, but were informed that there were nightclubs surrounding the hotel so we had to crank up the A/C fan to drown out the street noise.

2. Uncomfortable Bed - The cheap box spring mattress was awful. I guess I am spoiled with my Tempur Pedic mattress at home.

3. Slow Maid Service - We left our room at 9 am and returned at 4 pm, only to find our our room had not been cleaned. We had to get ready for dinner so I just swapped out our towels with the maid.

Due to the noise and the uncomfortable mattress, I could not see myself staying here again.
The only thing that's redeeming about this place is it's location.


The staff was so impressively unpleasant (except for the breakfast staff) that I honestly felt like they were actors trying to pretend to be completely miserable. AND I have a Holiday Inn frequent membership card.

Furthermore, the faucet water (including toilet and shower water) were YELLOW. Did I feel safe brushing my teeth? Not particularly...

When I walked downstairs and asked for a bottle of water, I got the worst kind of attitude. I will never go back there again and have already recommended to my company to never stay there again.

One of my colleagues who recently traveled out to Philly changed his booking to the Sheraton.

Just. say. no.
Great hotel for the price. Location is perfect. I got really good deal through tripadvisor. Parking was $25 bucks and you can come and go with your car as you please. Hotel was clean. No complaints really. Not the most glamorous hotel in Philly but for one night it did the trick.
The place is ok.. the staff is nice.. the only thing I didn't like was the small dining room area.. if you don't get there early for breakfast you won't have anywhere to sit and eat..
Love the hospitality at this hotel. People were very friendly plus the hotel a manger walked around as we had breakfast to make sure we were pleased. Hotel receptionist also called our hotel room one night to check-in with us and make sure we are having a good stay. I have never been to a hotel that does that!! The hotel is clean. No dirt or dust in any corners. The gym is 24 hrs with basic equipment treadmills, weights and etc., which is nice since we spent most of our time walking around Philadelphia. Beds are comfortable. 

Remember in a city everything is in a tight space. Parking garage is really small. Please give your keys to the valet and let them park they know what they are doing. The hotel room bathrooms are small.  I'm 5'7" and was able to touch each wall by putting my arms out straight by my sides.

This hotel is close to everything!!! Love that we were able to jump on a train bus or just walk to the next place. 

Removed a star for breakfast. Yes breakfast is free however it was what it was. We ended up eating breakfast across the street at IHOP.
We enjoyed our stay and will go back to Philadelphia soon.
Parking Garage Review only. 

Centrally located garage close to restaurants, bars and city hall . Reasonable rates. Attendants on duty on all floors until 9pm. Cashier on duty as well on ground floor. Very well lit and I feel safe. Easy in and out.
Location Location Location  

This Holiday Inn was perfect for a touristy 3 day weekend.  We paid 170.00 per night for 3 nights (Thurs, Fri and Sat) and for a downtown hotel that seemed reasonable to me.  I didn't have a car so not sure what the cost to valet it each night is but I'm sure it's ridiculous as every other downtown in America is.  The hotel offers a quality free hot breakfast.  There's eggs, bacon, sausage, fruit, yogurt, cereal, cinnamon rolls and other stuff.  There's even a little pancake machine that makes pancakes on the spot.  They also put a newspaper by your door each morning, that's becoming a thing of the past but it's a nice touch. 

The hotel is located near a ton of restaurants and bars.  It's also only 7-8 blocks to Freedom Hall, Liberty Bell, and all things 'Merica. The rooms are spacious and nice but the lobby is rather small.  The only drawback was that I was asked if I'd like to buy cocaine on the side walk right in front of the hotel....twice.  Luckily I'm a black tar heroin kind of guy so I passed.  

I'd definitely stay here again if I was in town.
For a quick and easy hotel right in the middle of Philadelphia, this place is awesome. It's in the downtown area so it's within walking distance of alot of shops and places to eat, plus it's within a quick drive to alot of tourist spots.

The staff is friendly, the rooms were a nice size, the beds were comfy, the bathrooms were clean, the parking lot seemed pretty safe... and the view from my room gave us a nice look of parts of the city to boot! 

This place probably isn't as nice as the Hilton, but for a Holiday Inn Express it gets a high 4 stars from me.
I wasn't impressed.  The lobby is down kind of a winding twisted path from the front door.  I had to wait to check in because only one of the three people at the front desk wasn't too busy with a personal conversation.  The room was sad.  Not threadbare, just a sad shade of gold that will probably not change as it gets worn and dirty.  More practical than attractive.  The bathroom was really small in that way makes you wonder how much smaller people were fifty years ago.  Painted surfaces seemed like they had about 10 layers of paint, wallpaper was only ripped and peeling in a few places.  And there was no safe.

The good news:  A coffee maker in the room, free wi-fi, and no bedbugs.  The hotel was a few blocks from the convention center, which is a plus.  The neighborhood seemed safe and my room on the 9th floor facing Walnut St. was relatively quiet.  The walls are thin but I had quiet neighbors.  Even though I heard phone conversations, I didn't get woken up.  There are two convenience stores across the street (Citi is the good one) so you can easily stock up on whatever you need.  I was always bumping into staff in the elevator and except for one bellman, they were always friendly.

There was a free breakfast but I didn't try it.  Staff highs and lows: Gwen (I think) at the front desk at 10 AM on 5/19 took care of things quickly and efficiently.  She was the best.  The bellman who walked into the elevator in front of me on 5/19 at about 2 PM while I was trying to get out with my luggage (and then gave me a dirty look) was about the rudest guy I encountered.

The average on Yelp is 3.5 stars but the rating details show that the recent average is more like 2.5.  I think that was about right and I'm rounding it up to 3 because 2 stars seems a little harsh.  It was hardly my worst hotel experience, but I think next time I'm going to try a different hotel.
Stay here if you want to explore Philly and want to stay in a central location for a decent price. 

The best thing about the hotel itself was the complimentary breakfast. Other than that it's just another hotel with adequate service and decently sized rooms. The hotel is in a fairly hip area with tons of things that are within walking distance.
My fiancé and I stayed here for a night. We normally stay at Hiltons, but we really wanted a hotel with an outdoor pool. 

When we arrived, we were greeted with very friendly staff. Our room was very clean and had a great view over the pool and the city. The hotel is so close to great restaurants, shops, and historic sites. We went for a walk and came across a local restaurant/bar, Varga. It was about a 10 minute walk from the hotel. The food was amazing, but only had local craft beers and we are more of the domestic type...but again, the food was SO good, so it wasn't a big deal to us! We came back to the hotel and went out for a night swim. It was SO nice to swim in the pool under the city lights. After our night swim, we went to grab a cheesesteak (what's a trip to Philly without a cheesesteak?!) We split cheesesteaks at both Geno's and Pat's, so we could find out which one of them were our favorite (gotta say we loved Geno's more). The next morning, we had breakfast at the hotel. Again, the staff were very friendly and helpful...always answering to the guests needs. 

The only thing that I would recommend for the hotel is bigger towels for the swimming pool. They provide towels, which is great, but they are very tiny.
We paid $162 pre-tax for a major holiday weekend night, which is more than I usually want to spend in a hotel but was the cheapest in the city center. 

We arrived at noon and our special hypoallergenic room was already ready, ahead of the 3pm check in. While the lobby area is very small, the room equipped with 2 double beds was surprisingly large. I didn't love the sink-in-the-room bathroom style or the tiiiiny toilet and shower room, but the room itself was enormous and looked directly over the pool if you put your face up to the glass and looked straight down.

The staff asked about our parking plans for our 1 night stay and were kind to tell us paying through the garage instead of the hotel would be cheaper for us. 

The location was why we chose this hotel and it did not disappoint. It was so awesome that after going out on 2nd Street, the energy from the bar next door gave us a second wind and we went out again. Great hotel in a safe area for a good bit less than the comparables.
Great location and very easy to get to off of 95.

I don't ask for much when I stay in a hotel. I don't need mints on my pillow or whatever that saying is. I just look for a clean room in a safe neighborhood. This place has what you need. Nice staff too.
This is my go to hotel when traveling in Philly. It's in a great location for shopping and a quick Uber to nightlife. They offer a decent size free breakfast which is always up my alley! I have a priority points card with them so I gain points with every stay and then cash them in for free stays. Friendly front desk and rooms a satisfactory.
Don't be fooled by the small lobby, the rooms are more than spacious and fit my family of 5 with a roll away bed perfect.  Fast elevators, good breakfast, friendly staff. Good central location and I'd stay here again.
The hotel staff here are very friendly and accommodating. The room was nice, clean and quiet. Breakfast was provided very morning, which was great. Also, the hotel has a great location, walking distance from all the sightseeing musts and also the convention center. All in all a very positive experience and I have no complaints!
I'm here right now, just finishing breakfast. Stayed over one night because I went to the Friday night Shen Yun show (which was good but overrated and overpriced). Great location, good service,  clean and comfortable bed, pillows, and room plus plenty of amenities.  I paid $123 total for 2 queen bed room. In summer they even have an outdoor pool.  Just finished very good free hot breakfast, 6:30-10:30 am.   Check-in 3pm and checkout a generous 12 n. 
I would come here anytime if I needed to stay in Philadelphia overnite. I didn't have to park so I didn't need the $30 parking, I had taken the train in.
Just completed another 7-day stay at this hotel, and again, I find that I must give it 5 stars once again for this second stay within 6 weeks!

In my last review, I had mentioned that I had been given what they called a "Basic" room on the 14th floor, a room that had not yet been renovated (their contractors started the room renovations on the top floor (the 20th floor) and are slowly making their way down), and that nonetheless I had found my 14th floor non-renovated room, including its decor, cleanliness and furnishing, to be fully 5-star in every way. I had also stated rather clearly, in my earlier review of this hotel, that I  did not understand why they were even bothering to renovate their rooms, since I personally found their non-renovated rooms to be fine. 

Well, perhaps just to give me a view of the newly-renovated rooms, I found for this second reseervation, when I arrived at the hotel, that they had placed me this time in a newly-renovated room on the 19th floor (this was perhaps also due to the fact that I am a Platinum Elite member of the IHG club...). Yes, the room was definitely a bit fresher and brighter than than my the non-renovated room on the 14th floor in which I had stayed during my previous visit, and it was excellent all around, and it could not have been better (BTW, both the current 19th floor room and the earlier 14th floor room were very spacious) but, at the risk of sounding like a grinch, while I appreciated the renovated room very much, I would have been perfectly fine with the non-renovated room on the 14th floor that I had been given during my first stay here! Both are/were 5-star rooms!

BTW, I want to pause here and mention that in most ways, I am the worst kind of guest/reviewer that a hotel would want, since, unlike most tourists and business travelers who are gone from their rooms for most of each day and much of each night, I did not stay here as a tourist, and I never do touristy things: I never visit tourist attractions, I do not drink, I do not party, and I do not travel in order to be entertained.

Rather, I travel only for my work (and it is spiritual work, which makes it all the more unconventional!), and because of this fact, I find that I spend a great deal of time in my in my hotel room, for a large part of each day and each night, and thus, since I spend so much time each day (and night) in my room, I would be the first to know of any problems with the property that might escape the notice of guests who spend only a few hours out of every 24 in their rooms! I also go to bed very early in the evening, by about 7 PM, and I awaken for the day by about 2 AM to start my meditations and prayers for the day, and I head out fro breakfast early in the morning, and because of this odd schedule, I get to witness parts of the life of a hotel that are very telling. With the above caveat in mind, I can tell you from my vantage point, after having spent another 7 days at this hotel, that this property is very good!

As I wrote in my earlier review, if I had to spend 6 months in Philly, I could easily spend it in a room in this hotel!

BTW, I reserved my room for my 7-day stay online at the hotel's own website; I NEVER TRUST reseller websites, and particularly I very much distrust discount-rate reseller websites, since they can, and often do, tell all sorts of lies about the property and about the rooms, and they also often place guests in only the lowest tier/class of rooms available at a hotel. So, as I always do, I used the hotel's own website to reserve my room.

A note on the free breakfasts: Due to my preference for hearty breakfast sandwiches (which can be procured at several neaby shops from 6 AM or 7 AM onward, and also, from 5 AM onward, at a sidewalk food vendor cart located at Broad and Samson), and also due to the fact that I often eat my breakfast at 5 AM, well before most people have even awakened, I tend to never eat the free breakfasts offered at Holiday Inn Express hotels across the country. So, I have never eaten the free breakfasts offered at this hotel, but I can only say that by about 8 AM or 9 AM, I regularly notice, when passing it, that the rather sizeable dining room/seating area is always jam-packed with hotel guests! So, the breakfast seems to be insanely popular with most of the hotel's guests!

Lastly, I will mention that the hotel once again flawlessly handled my special request for a fridge (i.e., loaner or rental fridge) in my room, and also for an early check-in time of about 1 PM, and finally, my request for a late check-out time of about 1:15 PM..

Bottom line: once again, a fine stay that could not have been better! I will be back!
I stayed here for 3 nights while in Philly for work.  I didn't have the opportunity to go out much at night, but if I would have, this is the perfect location to be.  Plenty of restaurants around as well as a few clubs.  Woody's (if gay bars are your thing) is right across the street as well as a few other gay bars in the area.  

The staff in the hotel is very friendly and helpful.  There is a pool but there is no fitness facility (although a pass to Bally's, which is a couple of blocks away, can be obtained at the guest counter).  
The rooms are pretty decent.  I had a desk, a lounge chair, 2 full sized beds, and really great view of the city.  Complementary breakfast was actually very good.....alot to chose from.

I had a very good experience here and would certainly stay here again!
Stayed here on a recent work trip to Philly.  

- Like most hotels, they have the little signs posted about how they want to help the environment and conserve water and they ask you to hang your towels if you want to reuse them and drop them on the floor if you want fresh towels.  However, it seems the staff is not aware of the policy.  After my first shower here, I hung the towels to be reused, but they were taken away to be washed anyway.   The second day, I showered, hung my towels, and hung the little water conservation sign on top of  the towel.  They took the towel to be washed and the sign went missing.  This went on for my entire five day stay.

- As I said, this was a work trip and I didn't have much time for relaxation.  One night I got back to my room late from work but couldn't fall asleep, so I decided to watch a little tv.  Except the tv didn't work.  It was after midnight, so I just went to bed and informed the front desk the next morning.  They never fixed it.

- My boss called me very early one morning asking me to go back in to work.  I went to the desk and asked about cab availability.  The young lady working the front desk had no clue.

Overall, the room itself was average, but the service wasn't good at all.
I was in town for the weekend and I chose this hotel based on the location and I wasn't disappointed!  The location was so perfect.  It is walkable to everything - Reading Terminal, Rittenhouse Square, shopping on Walnut/Broad/Market, Chinatown, Liberty Bell, Independence Hall, Penn's Landing, South Street.  We walked everywhere, which I was hoping I would be able to do and we did!  

Attached is a third party in door parking lot and I was so glad it was there even though they did charge $25 =(   I didn't like having to leave my key there, but luckily nothing happened.  Keep in mind if you go through the hotel for parking, it is $25 and you can move it in and out.  If you pay for parking with the parking ppl, it is $22, but you can't come and go as you please.   

If you are looking for a hotel that is easily walkable to the main tourist attractions, I highly recommend this hotel.  The price is decent and it comes with free breakfast.   The rooms are also decent, albeit with hard beds.  It's not a 5 star place, but it is good enough for a weekend stay.  You're only in the room to shower and sleep anyway.   Yes, the rooms are dated and everything is in need of renovation, but look beyond that for the convenience.  Thanks for a good weekend getaway stay!

Oh and the people at the front desk and working the breakfast were so nice!   I was expecting some grouchy people, but I received nothing but friendliness!
We had an awesome stay this week. The hotel is super clean. The staff is super nice and helpful and went well beyond the call of duty to ensure my family had a memorable stay in the city. The location was superb.  Breakfast was awesome and well stocked.  I can't find anything at all to gripe about related to the hotel itself.

That being said, the third party garage next door was not five star material.  It's not that they were rude, they just weren't nice.  There aren't any signs to cue you into what to do with your car. We ended up driving it to the fifth floor looking for an open space only to drive down to the third and leave the car with an attendant. The cars are packed in like sardines and you have to leave your key with the attendant, something I wasn't prepared for mentally.  It ended up being ok, just not used to that...

The experience with Holiday Inn well made up for the inadequacies of the parking garage, and since I'm reviewing the hotel, I'm not withholding any stars. We'd stay there again without a second thought about it.
My parents stayed here for two nights for my graduation at the Kimmel Center.  Less than ten minute walk to the Kimmel Center.  Staff was very friendly.  The parking garage is what is making me give three stars.  If an attendant is working on the level you park on you have to leave your key because they double park in the lot.  There are some floors though that have no attendant depending on the time so then there is no double parking.  My dad had to leave early in the morning and there was no attendant or anyone manning the cashier booth to help him get his key, so he had to track someone down inside which was a big ordeal.  Parking is also $27 a night which is pretty steep, but you can go in and out.  The continental breakfast was your standard hotel continental breakfast, nothing special.  This location is very close to many restaurants including a chipotle and cosi as well as insomnia cookies for that late night fix.
Excellent location, free breakfast is a nice plus, rooms were clean and quite large.  Good price, too!
Zero star actually! 4:30pm on the second day of our stay, we came back from all day activity to relax. Our room wasn't ready. No one ever came in to clean it...I mean 4:30pm? Seriously? And every weekend, there's a drumline performance going on outside. It is so loud (even our room is on the 15th floor) that my children are having a tough time falling asleep at 11:30pm. The hotel operator is not sympathetic at all, which doesn't help the situation.
WARNING: DO NOT stay at this hotel if you need a good night sleep.
Thank you for your comment.
However instead of trying to say I didn't stay there (still have the receipt) you should take the comments to heart.
Bar was mentioned in quotes - 
Flat screen TV = still an old TV
I travel all over the world and do not leave comments out of spite or unnecessarily - I leave them to share my experience
Clean comfortable room nothing fancy but serves as a good home base for exploring Philadelphia and the surrounding areas there is also a dounkin donuts across the street just use caution as there are many many homeless folks wandering around the area
Stayed here on Memorial Day weekend 2015. This hotel is conveniently located and very easy to get to from the Ben Franklin bridge. The hotel staff is pleasnat and professional. The room was very clean and updated. We wre ab leto park our own car (they also have valet) and it is convenient to many things to do in Philly. It was a nice walk to Pat's for a steak and lovely walk back to the hotel. Will definitely stay here again!
Good location just not very new and the ammenties were eh.  I am suprised for a HIE.  they are normally nice.
This hotel was a great pick.  It's in a really good location - walking distance to Liberty Bell, and most of the sites of Philly.  We also walked to Jim's Steaks for dinner, and on Sunday walked to the 9th Street Italian Market, easily from this location.

The hotel itself is nice, you have free breakfast with lots of selection, free use of a real gym next door (bonus!), and a quiet room.  Service was very friendly.  Parking was $25 but you could go in and out as many times as you wanted with no charge, and you did not have to valet.
This will be my family's hotel for any trips to Philadelphia. We can't say enough good things about the experience. My wife, 11 year daughter and I stayed two nights here. We wanted to get a good Philadelphia experience. This Hotel delivered! The staff was professional, kind and went above and beyond to make sure we had a pleasant stay. It's a clean hotel in the heart of Philadelphia. The location is perfect! It's in a safe area. It's only a mile from the water front, walking distance to all the tourists attractions, and close to the city center. Plenty of markets, restaurants, and shopping all around. A little more on the hotel. The pool and gym were in excellent condition. The pool deck provides for a great experience on the 7th floor. The rooms are large and clean.  Coffee, microwave, refrigerator and TV. We were on the Walnut St side above the pool. Beautiful views. A full hot breakfast was included. Really awesome spread. Coffee included! I highly recommend this both friendly and professional hotel for your Philadelphia visit.
I would pay more for a better hotel.  The room was big but the air conditioning unit was so loud it interrupted our sleep.  The beds also seemed very old.  We called down twice to get an extra blanket for the room and no one bothered to come up either time.  We also called around 2pm to see if it was possible to get room service and the girl responded "I'm not sure, it might be too late, we'll have to see."  Other than the great location there aren't any redeeming qualities about this hotel.  So much for hospitality.
Murphy's Law: when a hotel only has an ice machine on certain floors, the first ice machine you go to will always be broken.  FACT.

Other than that, the rooms were clean enough, the location is pretty great, parking is a pain in the ass.

The bathroom is small.  

Nothing to wow you here, this is an efficient hotel room for when you are staying a night in Philly.
Just stayed here overnight on a Saturday as part of a bachelorette party. The hotel is in a super convenient location and the rooms were overall what I would expect from a Holiday Inn Express. 

Now I've stayed at a lot of Holiday Inns. Obviously they are not going to be the highest caliber hotel that you can find. But I must say that the staff at this particular HI was quite possibly the least helpful hotel staff I have ever encountered anywhere. 

First off, it took a solid 25 minutes for the woman working the front desk when we arrived to check us in. She kept noting computer problems (which I can understand) but 25 minutes, really? When we finally were checked in, we were informed that one of the two rooms we had booked was still not ready. Even though check out time is noon and check in is at 3 and we didn't arrive until 3:20 and by the time we checked in, it was close to four. In my humble opinion, there is absolutely no excuse for a room to not be ready an hour after check in. 
The woman working the front desk did apologize (very briefly and only once) for the delay but still, this a hotel, it should've been ready. 

As we were leaving the next day, we were checking out and I asked the woman (different woman from the day before) handling our check out if she could split the room into two different cards. I had a reloadable Visa gift card that I wanted to use on part of the room. The woman rolled her eyes and then took one look at the card and said that she knew the card wouldn't work. I asked her to please at least run the card to try it. She said since it was a gift card, it wouldn't work. (For the record, the beauty of these gift cards is that you can use them anywhere, as if they are a Visa debit/credit card). She grabbed the card from my hand, ran it through and hastily informed me that it didn't go through. She wouldn't even run the card a second time when I asked, she just very rudely shoved the card back and me and snapped that it "wouldn't work." I was very taken aback by the whole scenario because I have used the gift card in multiple circumstances and was very displeased that she seemed more interested in proving that she was right over cooperating with me (a paying customer). (Side note, I used the gift card on the automated parking machine outside the hotel not five minutes later and it worked flawlessly.) 

So overall, I would stay here again, it's Holiday Inn, it is what it is. But if you are looking for a friendly and helpful staff, this might not be the best place to stay.
Not a big fan of walking in the room after checking in and seeing dirty used soap bars on both the bathroom sink and the shower, used washcloths on the sink, a used shower cap on the back of the bathroom door, and the last guests' trash in the trash cans. On the plus side, staff are nice and breakfast was above average. But for what this room costs, it shouldn't look like this.
Nice breakfast, good environment.  Professional.  There was a clog in my drain.  They fixed it and gave me 1000 points.  How nice.
Very clean rooms!! The staff in this hotel is supper friendly and accommodating. The breakfast was hot and a lot of food to pick from. There is a wide variety of snacks and drinks to pick from too. Great place to stay after a long day driving and walking.Recommend for all patrons.
We had reserved two rooms for a different
number of nights and the desk clerk was
so brain-dead she could not understand
what the situation was.  She was also
very nosy; she was obsessed about why we
were in Philadelphia.
Based on the questions she was asking she
obviously did not look at our IHG preferences.

The room itself was adequate in size but there
was a lot of street noise.  
The sink is in the bedroom rather than the bathroom,
which is good.
There are no towel bars of any kind, which is bad.
The HVAC in the room was constantly turning on and off
all night long, which made it hard to sleep.  The walls
in this hotel are paper thin, we could hear conversations
in the room next door.

The breakfast bar has a pretty good arrangement;
the food stations are spread out so people do not
get in each others way too much. 
The bananas were all too ripe.
HIE now uses Cinnabon Sweet Rolls, which are not as good
as the cinnamon rolls they used to have.  The rolls are
now wrapped in paper, which is very cumbersome, and they
are dry and not as tasty.
