After using Yelp in the Philadelphia area, it's clear to me that people are only writing to complain but won't take the time to put useful information that is positive even though it may help other users visiting the area.

After reading horrible reviews of the Hilton on City Line Avenue, we decided to stay one night at it's daughter property Homewood Suites at the same location. We found none of the problems that the Hilton has. The staff was friendly and helpful on check-in, the room was clean and neat. The bed was heavenly. The only thing missing were the robes.

But this is intended for extended stays by business people. It costs the same or less than the rundown hotel next door. We saw several families staying and it certainly fit the bill for a romantic evening.

The breakfast was included, hot and decent enough, had way more than the standard hotel muffin and coffee fare.

I consider this a completely different property though it shares the same address with it's parent property the HIlton.

And Philadelphians, share some positive info for crying out loud.
It hurts me to give this hotel 4 stars because it's such a great place to stay and just about the ONLY place I stay when coming to Philadelphia.

First, the staff -- AMAZING! The location is great.  Just off of the expressway with lots of great shops nearby.  Parking is also pretty easy: street parking for free if you're lucky or a lot just down the street @ $5/day.

The rooms are nice and comfy with the amenities of any extended stay hotel.

The only reason I am deducting a start is for the lack of wireless internet in the rooms (though it is available in the lobby, and wired high speed is available in each room)  and the limited channels offered.  Neither of those deter me from staying here a few times a year, though!  And as long as I'm traveling to Philly and they have rooms available, this is where I'll be staying!
I attempted to check in today. I was placed in a smoking room, I asked for non- smoking. In addition, there was a chapstick under the table. This indicated to me that the room had not been vacuumed from the last guest. The room smelled like a person just left with a lit cigarette. The front desk offered housekeeping to come and "freshen- up". When I checked the bed there were small bugs that covered the bed and headboard. I asked for another room; I was told they were sold out. The lady at the front desk was indifferent and said she would send someone up. At this point we were grossed out & did not want to stay in that room.  I ask the clerk to help us find another property. She stated they were part of Hilton but was independent.
Chris took good care of us. He gave us the tour of the lobby and explained the meals and cocktails hours. He also gave us some coupons for a new grab n go salad and healthy snack refrigerators full of goodies. They are super yummy. Hilton is very recycle positive with bins and reusable programs.
My mom and I stayed one night here at Homewood Suites. Every time we stay at a hotel we always check for signs of bed bugs. While checking we didn't see any noticeable signs so we thought it was all clear. The next morning we woke up to 2 bed bugs in our bed. You know if there's one there has got to be more. The hotel staff was very understanding and helpful. They are currently investigating the matter further prior to my receiving any reimbursement. But this is still a serious matter and I'm sorry to say I won't be staying here any other time.
I had an extended stay at this hotel for about a week and a half. In all, it was OK but I was a bit disappointed, especially for the cost. The front desk staff was friendly enough, and my room was OK (but just OK). It did feel a little like you were in a cheaper hotel than a Hitlon-owned property. So here's the good, the bad and the ugly.

First of all, do not be confused. The Homewood Suites is next to the Hilton. You can't really see it from the road when you first turn. It is conveniently located near a number of restaurants and retail stores. I liked the convenience of things since I was staying so long. But it is in a pretty traffic-heavy area of the city and not the easiest to navigate, so beware. Unfortunately, I did feel a bit like a second-class citizen. The Hilton is clearly a much better maintained property. Things at the Homewood seemed dated and just slightly not kept up properly. I particularly disliked that you had to take a bit of a walk through a connecting tunnel to get to the pool or the fitness center, which were in the Hilton and not the Homewood.

Second, the thing I hated the most about my stay was the parking situation. At first, I figured I'd valet park. But I accidentally pulled into the Hilton instead of the Homewood Suites. Once we figured out that I belonged next door, the sky captain was kind enough and very patient while he walked me over to the Homewood and waited for me to check in. But that was the extend of my good experiences parking. They have this weird text message system for the valet here. I was told to text to get my car. The person took my car to the Hilton and had to be paged back to the Homewood. Then she told me curtly that I should specify that I'm at the Homewood. I gave up and decided to self park, which is a bit of a pain. You have to remember to get your ticket validated each time you want to leave, and the parking lot is a bit of a hike. On my final night, a valet employee stopped to yell at us that we were parking in the wrong part of the very expansive parking lot. No one told us there were designated areas and we were there for a week and a half. The parking attendants with the exception of that bell captain were all rude and bossy.

My room itself was fine, though again, it felt a bit dated in furniture and style. The bed was comfortable at least. It had a small kitchenette with a full sized fridge, which was great. But there were some things that made no sense. I had plates, cups, glasses and mugs but no silverware. The desk had absolutely no paper anywhere - no little notepad, no envelope. I had to go buy a notebook. And the TV had some sort of weird thing going on with it where every time I turned it off with the remote, the next day I couldn't get the cable signal back without calling maintenance. On day four they finally replaced the TV in my room, after which it was fine.

The front desk staff was a highlight. They were all very nice and answered all of my questions.

Would I stay here again? Maybe but probably not. I would book elsewhere or at the Hilton.
If you stay here, make sure you check in during the day when management is present , because at night, nothing but rude nasty, front desk agents who cop an attitude. So glad the call was recorded on my end as proof.
Its for 4:30am and I am writing this review because I was awaken by bugs crawling on me while in he bed at this hotel.  Yes, it is a beautiful hotel from the outside but when you look deeper it is really not a clean hotel.  The little bugs that were crawling on me were full of blood.  I have never seen anything like it.  By the time I was moved to another room I had already killed three.  They sent up security who was absolutely no help.  However, he did assist me to my other room.  I would suggest you that you stay somewhere else.  If i can figure out how to post the picture of the bugs on my white sheets I will.
Checked into and out of this hotel in five minutes.  The room smelled, the finish was worn off the faux leather desk chair and the common areas looked sad.  The desk clerk was very kind and it appeared the staff made efforts to keep the room clean.   But I cannot handle a room that smells.  Sorry guys.
The friendly staff was the highlight here. The rooms are dated and tired looking. My room was clean but everything is visibly worn.

The address here is the same as the Hilton, confusing any Uber, Uber eats or Lyft. So factor that in. Despite adding direction notes, it was a daily challenge getting my ride on time.

No food (dinner) options at the hotel. The breakfast looks and feels like a free breakfast. The Hilton next door has a steakhouse I wouldn't recommend to anyone.

Overall it was okay. I'd definitely look into other options closer to downtown before staying here again. This was booked on short notice for a work trip.
This hotel is a must go to ! It's beautiful , the rooms are huge , I want to live there . I booked a two queen size bed, huge bathroom and shower that can fit 4 people. Two tv's, pull out couch , full kitchen . Dishwasher , microwave , stove , refrigerator , coffee pot with cups and coffee . Kitchen also includes pots and pans . Breakfast was included in the package , serves from 6:30-9:30 am . This hotel also has a pool and fitness room, the pool isn't that big but comfortable enough to swim around ( 3-4ft) I will definitely be using this hotel for future trips
After a death in the family we reserved a room for the night at this hotel. When we arrived we were told there were only smoking rooms available. We had reserved a non smoking room. The person at the desk apologized and said that this keeps happening to people and she can't stop it...yet no one called to give us a heads up. We were a pretty late check in and at that point other places we had considered were full. They offered nothing to rectify the situation. If you're at all sensitive to cigarette smoke I suggest calling ahead and having them confirm that you're getting the room you reserved. Happy New Year to us.
Someone tried to break in my room at 3:30 in the morning and I'm not talking about somebody accidentally getting the room mixed up I mean someone had a key pushed the door 3 times but it was bolted. Night manager told me I was crazy I called the police and while outside waiting for the police he goes into my room and comes outside to tell me I have to leave because it was a candle in my room like wtf why would u go into my room without permission. Cops did jack shit and I was glad to leave, very sinister vibes at this place. Don't go here
We had a large family event going on from Oct 10-13, 2014 at this hotel , and we put about half the guests in the Hilton, and the other half in the adjoining Homewood Suites. Now I know, yes, these are two separate hotels, but they are both Hilton family, and are probably under the same ownership, so I am combining reviews here.   Folks who stayed at the Hilton all complained of appalling chairs in their rooms that I'm sure Conrad Hilton would roll over in his grave if he had seen (see photos posted under Hilton review).  Chunks of leather are missing from these ancient chairs that are all split and cracked - literally these were junk throw-out chairs, the kind you see in an alley someplace with the stuffing popping out.  Just what is the GM thinking at this place? How can you have furniture like this out there - ever - with a Hilton name on it.  We were also billed at the Hilton for confirmed cancelled reservations for another family member and am still trying to get credit for that. Then the Homewood Suites gave me ZERO points even though I am a Hilton Diamond and booked the room at the double points rate on the Hilton website, and also paid for everything with the Hilton Amex card.
When I arrived in my room I was sad that I'm not staying longer -- it's great!  And super good value, it was one of the better deals available.  But of all the positive features, the one that stands out the most is the service.  The woman at the front desk, Toni, is nothing short of AMAZING, an instant icon.  Many guests stay here for weeks or months, but I'm staying ONE NIGHT and she knows my name and greets me every time I come by -- even when she's off duty and half way out the door!  The kicker is that I'm in Phillie for a meeting with personnel of the water treatment plant and my room actually overlooks the plant and storage reservoir. Wouldn't trade for any other place.
Overall, disappointed. There were PROS: Large room; good happy hour (week days). But there were too many CONS: breakfast selection very limited; breakfast area MUCH TOO crowded - no room to sit; parking was almost 100 yards away (downhill) and we were not given a valet option; shower head too high to operate; no electric outlets in the bedrooms; and blankets were too small for the (king) bed. 
We will not stay here again.
I stayed here two nights and I loved it. It was clean and had a mini kitchen and lots of space with a super big bed! :) It smelled a little bit like indian food, but it's nothing that an open window couldn't help.

It's conveniently located next to I think about 3 bus stops - the 44 takes you downtown to the Liberty Bell, Independence Hall, Reading Terminal Market, Mutter Museum, etc. About a 20-30 minute ride.

There is parking outside the hotel on the street and we didn't have to fight for a spot either. If there aren't spaces there, there's a $5 parking lot down the street. There's free breakfast and dinner. It's not GREAT food, but it's decent enough if you're too lazy to go out and get something. There's a business center that's free for you to print and do other things. We also went swimming in the pool in the Hilton next door, which is connected on the second floor where the gym is too. The pool is chlorine filled, but a good time if you have nothing better to do.

The people are nice there except for this one guy that checked us in, but we just ignored him. Oh and the internet is wired - not wifi :(
I have been staying here for business for 4 weeks now and my experience couldnt be any better. The staff at the front desk couldnt be more welcoming and accommodating. Rooms have been exceptionally clean and spacious. It truly is a home away from home. Not to mention there is free help yourself beer from 5-7 pm. How can you not like that?
Very POOR experience. The parking was absolutely awful, and you had to pay for it! Regrettably, we stayed here three nights. The first day our room never got cleaned. We had to request to have it cleaned and were told that the housekeeping staff was gone for the day! It was like we were requesting something out of the ordinary. The bathroom was shabby with rust marks and bad caulking. Killed at least two gnats in the room. Twice the maid came in without knocking on the door. When we did get our room cleaned, they left us no new shampoo/conditioner and we were down to a quarter roll of toilet paper.
Stayed at the Homewood Suites from Feb 5th thru the 17th 2012. I was impressed with all aspects of my accomodations, stay, staff and amenities! Thanks to the breakfast and managers reception crew, especially Agnes who was always on the spot to make sure you had everything you needed with a great smile on her face! The front desk was always amicable and helpful to my every need! The room was just right. Bed and bedding was awesome! Nice size Flat Screen TV with excellent channel selection. The amenites are numerous. Free full breakfast 7 days a week. Managers reception including full buffet meal with beer & wine Mon-Thur. Mini kitchen with stove, fridge, microwave, sink, dishwasher and fully equipped. Full access to indoor connected Hilton amenities, to include indoor pool, exercise equip, full bar and upscale restaurant with great steaks! The bar in the Hilton, the Polo Room was exceptional! Many locals frequent the bar as they say "it's one of the better bars in Philly"! The staff is awesome, managed by Navin, with lead bartender Luke (always with a joke and a smile), supporting staff Frank, Mike, Selynda and Jet! When I first found out I would be in Philly for two weeks I was a little reluctant, but the HW Suites and Hilton made my stay more than comfortable. If the opportunity ever presents itself again, I will definitely stay at the Homewood Suites and also visit my friends in the Polo Room! Oh yea, if you order a Lager in Philly you will get a Yuengling. Great local brew!
Normally the hilton family is great. But this non smoking room had been smoked up, and was cold, the window was broken and would not shut, although it did help clear the air.   Staff was great, they would have given us a different room but Eagle fans sold out the city.  Free breakfast was also great.
1! 
John and I think her name was Tammy from this morning we're the only two persons at the front desk that went out their way and SMILED, and made us feel welcomed on our last two days! 

Other than that, I felt that I was just at some random hotel. Not to mention, as simple as it seems, the chair with the patent leather that's ripped to shreds was very tacky and messy! The water stains, limescale and rust that covered the shower head was disgusting.

The valet/car drop off /pick up/ Hilton or homewood side was the definition of confusion. It extended my check in/ getting into my room by almost an hour the first day. This was horrible for my check in with my 5 year old after a long drive. We got in and out our car 5 times! Driving back and forth between both entrances. This confusion and miscommunication continued well into the 3rd day of my stay.

I have only ever stayed at Hilton's , and almost always booked directly. Due to the lack of consistency from what I'm used to. We may be looking into other hotel brands going forward.
Chose this hotel because it was a  Hilton property, and to be honest, a little less expensive than staying downtown in the city of Philadelphia.  But, do not be confused with the Hilton that is next door.  Every single person staying at Homewood Suites, ends up going to the Hilton first.  Once you find the Homewood Suites, the parking situation is very weird.  You have to walk quite a way to the parking lot, down hill and of course, back up hill to get back to the hotel.  Not happy after driving 6 hours to get there.  
The hotel itself,  is very outdated.  The furniture and décor are probably 20 years old.  There were signs everywhere stating that it is a non-smoking property and that if you smoke, you will be charged a fine.  Walked into our room, and all you could smell was cigarettes.  We were staying just one night, and were extremely tired, so decided we would deal with it.  On the way to dinner, we stopped at the front desk to let them know that we were not the ones who make the room smell like smoke and the desk clerk (who was very nice) said he would send someone up to freshen the room while we were out. Came home after dinner, and still hit with the smell upon entering.  Oh well.  Went to bed.  
Was pleasantly surprised that the bed must have been upgraded because it was extremely comfortable and the pillows were great.  if you can get past the outdatedness, it was fine.  Would prefer an actual non smoking room, however.
Toni (counter) was awesome and extremely helpful!

Pros:
Free: Breakfast, dinner with wine/beer 
Gym and pool included

Cons:
No fan in bathroom
$5 in/out parking per day
It's taken me a while to get around to this review, but I did want to be sure to take time to leave it. We stayed here over the course of a month due to repairs being done at our home. The hotel was excellent communicating with our insurance company and validating our parking basically each day. The staff were also friendly and we began to feel like it was a makeshift 'home' after several days of being there. They were the best part of our stay and we are thankful for that.

In terms of the hotel itself, there is room for improvement. The lobby is really nice actually and looked to be recently update. The wi-fi was terrific in the lobby area too, unlike the rest of the hotel where it is patchy at best. 

As far as the rooms, they are indeed dated, as others have said.  The suite with the kitchenette is nice enough, but the radio clock's bluetooth speaker didn't work. The TV didn't look the newest and some of the furniture looked like it could be refreshed. There were areas in the bathroom, too, that could use repair. 

The bathroom was a decent size and was fine. Sometimes the housekeeping was spotty. They would leave towels some days and other days not. I'm not sure if the bedding was always replenished, even though we asked it to be. On the night of our arrival the comforter smelled like feet, like maybe they just left it from the previous people.

The food here consisted of free breakfast and evening happy hour snacks. I was not really impressed all the time with the breakfast or the happy hour. Waffles were a nice treat, but everyone wants them and there's only one waffle iron. The eggs tasted like powered eggs and the sausage was usually rubbery. There was never really any variation from eggs, sausage and potatoes. No bacon, pancakes, or french toast, or maybe an omelette. Occasionally they would do the store-bought frozen french toast sticks. The happy hour salads were OK, but again the food never really felt up to par. The chef could do more variations.

I will say, the thing I liked the most was the snacks at the door. They had Pretzel Factory pretzels, and as it got colder, offered a hot chocolate bar. Again, the front desk staff were great. They really made our experience go well and we are grateful to them. With some updating, the hotel itself can match the standard of the people who work there. And the next thing would be to improve the menu.
I want to like this hotel but skip it and choose the Hilton next door.  First the tv was not functioning.  I asked for assistance.  They got it nominally working (barely) and told me they did not have time to do more.  Next we were missing the shower drain stopper.  I looked in a bathroom drawer and it was disgusting.  Picture included.  The desk chair is peeling a lot.  Check out picture of mold in shower.  General disrepair.  I called to complain and was told they are due for a remodel.  To use the fitness center - you must walk over to Hilton and ask for a key to use their fitness center.  Not ideal.  Note the price is  not discounted.   I was told to speak to the manager tomorrow ...
I don't know what hotel the photos on here are from but not from this hotel. I literally cried. I travel quite a bit for work and I've never seen anything this bad. Truly horrifying.
Had a two night stay at the homewood, when i first arrived i accidentally went into the wrong hotel which was the Hilton next door. I left my car there to get valeted and walked about 50 yards to the homewood. I tried to get upgraded for being a Hilton diamond member when i came to find out that there aren't any upgrades in this hotel. Every room consist of a king sized bed with a kitchen(with electric stove) and a pull out couch. The space is actually pretty big but the furniture is a bit outdated, especially for the $185+/night price tag. The room was clean and the employees were very helpful. There are a few stains on the carpet in the hallway, so that's something that can be fixed. The best part about the hotel were definitely the pillows. Probably some of the best pillows I've laid on.
We had a reservation. In fact we used to stay here every week. The sole check-in-clerk decided she  did not like us. She did not like us because we asked, after waiting 20 minutes to check-in, if she could talk to her good friend after we had our room key. (We are not worth disliking two boring senior citizens from out of town.) 

Long and short, she denied our reservation, because she had the power to do so. Newly arrived in Philadelphia and we were out on the street.

We tried and tried to speak to the hotel manager but we, it would seem, were not worth his time. The clerk has clearly been ceded the power to treat guests as it suits her. Is it worth the risk that she might not like YOU?

For very little extra money you can stay at the Study which is close by.
Stayed here during my friend's wedding and it was a great experience.

The breakfast is BOMB.com. Veggie omelet, coffee, bread, fresh fruit, cereal & waffles! The location is great especially if you need to go downtown. There's a supermarket across the street and also a couple of restaurants nearby.

Toni the front desk was so fantastic. She was helpful, personable and even remembered my name when I walked in and out. 

Parking is a bit tough and WIFI is only is only in the lobby (unless you have ethernet connection on your computer).
