First time staying at this brand and i was very impressed.  This hotel is in a great location as it is across the street from Reading Market and a 10 minute walk from Independence hall.  The rooms are very big and lots of amenities.  Lots of options available at their morning breakfast.

Two issues; the internet is very slow and drops all the time.  Also the front desk staff was just OK.

I look forward to my next stay at Home2 Suites.
We had high hopes for this Hilton brand but they really did not pan out for us. The The "suite" we reserved was one long room. The kitchen did have full size appliances and dishes, things we did not really need for our three night stay. 

Everything in the room just seemed cheap. There was a paper thin divider you could pull to separate the living and sleeping areas. The pillows were flat as a board. The blankets were thin.  The towels were also thin and scratchy. The shower was a pre made tube placed in the bathroom without a tub. The closet was open without doors.  I think this is all supposed to look modern but I thought it just looked cheap. 

The lobby of the hotel has modern decor with multiple seating areas, charging stations, and a computer area. The staff at the front desk was friendly. However, service was terrible. Whenever we called for anything (like extra linen) we had to call several times before the items were brought to our room.

The hotel serves complimentary breakfast every morning.  It is basically a continental breakfast (bagels, muffins, yogurts & cereals) with some breakfast sandwiches that you can warm in the microwave. Every morning when we came down the place was a madhouse. The lines for food were long and you could hardly find a place in the lobby to sit and eat.  If you are willing to spend the extra money and have the time, I would highly recommend  going to the market across the street. Yes, Reading Terminal Market is right across the street with tons of amazing options. 

The location of this hotel is one reason why it gets an extra star. It is right across from the market and steps from Chinatown. Food heaven!  It is also about a ten minute walk from Independence Hall.  The other reason for the extra star?  The price. I forget exactly how much we paid, but the price was very reasonable for a hotel right in the middle of downtown Philly. I guess you get what you pay for!
Great location and very nice large rooms. Staff was very friendly and helpful.  Breakfast was good.  there are hot items on the buffet.   The hotel is across from the Food Market.  You won't go hungry here!  There are city bikes close by if you want to rent one and go around the city.  It's about a 15 minute walk to the Independence Hall area.  About a 30 minute was to Rocky steps.  

The reason for 4 starts instead of 5 is that the walls are thin.  We could hear a baby crying next door.
The hotel was nicer when it opened. The location is great. It is right across the street from Redding terminal and convention center. The rooms are clean. 
This time around I had three issues:
1. I was on the 7th floor but it was still quite noisy. I could hear the noise from outside as well as the rooms next door. 
2. They have a very strange way of making the bed. The bottom sheet doesn't entirely cover the mattress. See photo. That in my opinion is unsanitary as they do not change the mattress with every guest. 
3. The towels are quite dingy and in desperate need of some fabric softener.
I just returned from four nights at the Home2Suites and I was generally pleased. 
The front desk was pleasant even as they explained to me that there would be a late check-in due to housekeeping taking care of an outgoing full house as the long holiday weekend ended. 

The studio suite, with a divider between the bedroom and living areas, was certainly spacious enough for me as a solo guest and would probably fit four people, depending on one's tolerance or closeness. I appreciated the full-size fridge, microwave and ample kitchenware. The shower was great with a unique soap and shampoo dispenser. If I were to quibble about the bathroom, it would be to say that I could already see the newish wallpaper peeling in some spots. Also, some guest-initiated scuffs could be scrubbed or painted over. 

The breakfast lounge area was attractive. However, other than yogurt, the selections were primarily a carb fest. Fortunately, there are plenty of dining options right across the street at the Reading Terminal Market. 

The hotel really can't be beat for convention guests, Market fans and anyone looking for a centralized location in the heart of Philadelphia.
I stayed at Home2 Suites by Hilton in Philadelphia for 4 days while in town at a conference and had a great experience. While I'm a die hard Marriott lover, I would stay at this particular hotel again. The employees provided excellent customer service not only to me, but to my 19 colleagues who were also staying at the hotel. The rooms were nice with stainless steel appliances (refrigerator, microwave and dishwasher), the bed was comfortable, the free breakfast (while nothing to throw a party over) was nice and the location to the convent center was perfect.
A-loft + extended stay + Eco-chic with a twist of modern = Hilton's newest spinoff brand called Home2 Suites. The entire vibe and decor provides a clean and simple layout. As a business traveler who stays in a slew of Hilton brand hotels... I thought it was pretty rad. I really enjoy the studio apartment amenities it serves up. For example.... 

Complimentary continental style breakfast (see photos) 
Full size refrigerator with plates, mugs, bowls, hotplates....you name it. 
Comfy Queen sized bed.... it was firm but not uncomfortable 
The offer a separate sofa and desk area with a curtain divider (nice touch for families) 
Washer/Dryer for 50 cents (nice for the extended stay folks) 
Friendly and courteous staff (they accommodated my request for a late checkout without batting an eye)
Nice business center that offers Mac and PCs for your use...  

Overall, I truly enjoyed my stay. The topnotch selling point for me is this hotel's location. This Home2 Suites is perfectly situated near the Reading Terminal Market (One of the best indoor farmers market ever.. a hands down MUST VISIT in Philly), Convention Center, and a handful of Philly's historical hot spots. The location is phenomenal.  Stay here and enjoy the city at your fingertips.
I loved staying here while we were in Philly. It's less than a block from the Convention Center (where we needed to be) and the suites are actually fully equipped. More like studios (ours was all one room) but it had a full kitchen with microwave, large fridge, dishwasher, and sink. Didn't see a stove but maybe larger rooms have them. Regardless it was nice to have kitchen options when you're in town for 5 days.

The beds were plush and the shower was awesome. The hotel has a "green theme" in color and in principle, they have green decor, apples in the lobby, and practice light cleaning to save water and resources unless requested. The toiletries are in large containers in the shower to save the plastic bottles from being thrown out for instance. 

What really impressed me was the breakfast. So few hotels even give complementary breakfast anymore-and if they do, it's usually lame. Home 2 Suites had made to order whole wheat Belgian waffles (delish!) breakfast sandwiches, bagels, fruit, coffee, cereal-and plenty of fixins for all of it. They keep coffee and tea downstairs all the time free of charge and have a small in house shop with sodas, snacks, and some small meals (think lean cuisine) in case you get the late night munchies. 

We flew in from florida, but I believe parking wasn't included. The garage next door was pretty pricey by the day but discounted for hotel guests. There are plenty of food options as we'll nearby-the Reading Market alone has dozens of options along with burgerfi and panera right downstairs, and wawa a block away. 

I didn't get a chance to visit the pool since it closed at 10 (boo!) but there is a saline rather than chlorine pool and the fitness center is 24 hour. The hotel staff also held our luggage after we checked out while we explored for a few hours until we needed to go to the airport. They even called us a larger car so the 6 of us wouldn't have to split up. 

I would definitely come back here if I were ever back in town-amenities alone were worth the price.
Great location!  In front of the Convention Center, across from the Reading Terminal Market and down the block from the Hard Rock Cafe.  Walking distance to the Liberty Bell and Independence hall.  Easy check-in.  Their Bell Captain 'T', could be a tour guide, very funny and informative about the local sites and looks a little like Denzel Washington.  Good continental breakfast too.
I'm sorry to be harsh, but this did not live up to my expectations. Consider this brand the analog to Marriott's Courtyard, except this specific brand tries to look hip and up-to-date with a variety of problems lurking just a bit underneath.

Upon arriving the day of my friend's wedding, another friend and I (who were staying together) learned that our hotel room wasn't ready. Now, check-in time was 4pm and this was 3:20pm, so that's fine. They said they'd call when the room was ready. On my way back at 4:30, still no call. I went to the front desk and they said it was ready, apologizing for not letting us know. What I find frustrating is that, at the outset, they made an excuse and said that the hotel is unusually busy. I get that things happen, I do! But I had to get ready within a short time frame for my friend's wedding, and having a half hour less time was not acceptable. Plus...it's a hotel. It should figure out how to handle things on a crowded Saturday. 

The hotel room itself was not great. It was clean, sure, but it was also very hot. I think the thermostat is just a prop, since I tried to press the down button on the temperature, and nothing really changed for the full day I was there. This made for a hot and muggy room when I was trying to get ready for a fancy wedding and not look like a victim of humidity!

The shower and bed were fine. Little things went wrong and showed a lack of care, especially galling when you consider how expensive rooms are here! The bathroom faucet barely worked, and of the two flush buttons on the toilet, only one did. Also, they had shampoo but not conditioner. WTF? Many people have long hair. I've never seen a hotel that has one but not the other. Oh...and the elevators were comically slow.

It was nice of them to discount our room, but for a hotel that tries to brand itself as new and convenient, it felt like neither. Its lack of proper timing also slightly screwed me over in terms of getting ready for my friend's wedding.
Stayed at Home2 Suites when visiting Philadephia in a studio room. The booking process was fairly simple, all done through 3rd party websites. I booked the room for the day before New Years and I thought it would've been more expensive but surprisingly, the price was decent considering the location. It is right across the street from the Reading Terminal Market and a parking garge right next door. Thought it might've been too good to be true for the price.

When I got there around the check in time, there was a line by the front desk, but the line went by pretty quickly as the staff members seemed fairly sharp. I've been to other hotels where the receptionists would take forever to process people. Since there was bit of a wait, I was able to take a look at the lobby, which was nice and cozy. There's plenty of sitting areas where you can just hang out. There's also few computers you can use. 

The studio room was actually pretty nice for the price I paid. Had a full kitchen and a small couch area, which was a nice addition to the traditional one bed hotel room with just a bed and bathroom. It felt more cozy and like a home. However, everything else about the room was normal and nothing special. The bedframe made a lot of noise when I got on and off the bed. So did the couch. Perhaps the furniture in there were not quality items or they were just old. The TV remote didn't really work well either. Hot water took a very long time to come on- I mean like 10 minutes of running shower until it was hot (the knob was at the hottest setting of course). 

Besides these small issues, I actually enjoyed staying here. I wouldn't say it was the highest quality stay but I mean the price is very good for the location and for what it is. Definitely would come back here and would recommend to others.
I was excited to see a couch until I saw the questionable white stains on it. There were also large dark stains in several places on the carpet and nasty smudges around the bathroom door frame. The floor corners are filthy from very poor long term cleaning. The pool water was green with algae and poor maintenance, nothing like the pictures they must have uploaded themselves many years ago. I was expecting a lot cleaner room  for a Hilton and maybe towels that don't feel like cardboard. I've been to motel 6 for $50 and seen a cleaner room. The card readers are not the best and take a bit of wiggling the card to get it to work. Same for the ones to open the front doors and work the elevators. Two stars because the full kitchen is nice. 

Edit: removing the star that they already didn't deserve due to the unexpected charges on my card that they call "resort tax". After a call to the Hilton financial department it's a shady additional charge that they don't tell you about to cover "amenities". Those of course should absolutely be included, not to mention that I didn't use any of them. The charges also did not go to the company card that paid for all the rooms, it went into each person's individual card so now I've got employees paying charges that shouldn't have happened in the first place. These jerks are the worst company ever. The operations department of my company that spends roughly 30% of their time on the road will never be staying in a Hilton again.
I was VERY impressed with this hotel!! 

We did my BFF's bachelorette in Philly and this hotel was our landing point for the weekend. Service was absolutely impeccable and our whole crew cannot say enough about Tee, the bellhop! He was amazing and so helpful with getting us situated with people arriving at all different times. He went above and beyond getting additional people checked in and even bringing additional key cards to our room when we forgot. We all gave him hugs as we left the hotel on the final day lol!

Our suite was fantastic and the perfect size! We had 2 queen beds and a pullout which was perfect for the 6 of us. The kitchenette was very nice and we had everything we needed for a fun weekend. Very nicely decorated and we had tons of storage throughout the room so having 6 people wasn't an issue at all! The hotel is right across the street from Reading Terminal so it makes for the perfect central location in Center City.

The included breakfast was really good too! They had premade sandwiches and omelets that were in little paper baggy things that you would just pop in the microwave. It was a nice addition to the typical continental breakfast and provided a nice additional option! 

Our entire group had nothing but great things to say about this place through our entire stay! If for some reason I ever needed a hotel in Philly in the future, this would def be one of my top choices!

Thanks for a fantastic weekend and one more shoutout to Tee!!
Checked into this place during Father's Day (Diamond Reservation at Hilton). Knew we were already off to a bad start when the lobby was humid (A/C must have been struggling). Tried to get our room but they said it wasn't ready yet. Then they said it was ready after waiting an hour in the lobby and it turned out we had two full size mattresses instead of the Queens on the reservation. Back down we go to the lobby and they said we had to wait even longer. I had to remind them that we were diamond members and that we should be getting our welcome amenities which was bottles of water and snacks. Surprise...they said they were out and needed to "make more." I'm not sure how you run out of water but we're still waiting for that welcome amenity. The second room was missing things like an inductive stove (turns out we had to request for it), and the dishwasher etc were not working (they had a note about this...what the ****?). The beds themselves were alright but nothing to write home about, and my two kids tried to go to the restroom and turns out the toilet seat is basically not installed properly...All in all I would AVOID this Home2 Suites and the customer service folks will be hearing from us soon...
The newest concept from the Hilton brand...interesting in that it has things I really like and others I don't care for so much...I think I might not be their exact target audience, I concluded. 

The rooms (and the building) have modern touches, which is nice, from granite counters to funky light fixtures - you can tell this is intended to be a modern brand. Then they have things like a curtain for a closet...and a curtain to seperate the "bedroom" from the living room of the "suite"...parts of this experience scream of upscale dorm room. The bathrooms are nice and I appreciate the Neutrogena shampoo and condition dispensers in the shower...nice touch. But the shower is small and plastic framed - cheap. There is a kitchen in your room which is nice...if you need it. For me, I sort of feel like I'm paying for an upgrade I'll never use. 

It took awhile, but it finally dawned on me...this brand is as if Hilton partnered with IKEA...in fact, I would swear most of the furniture and fixtures are straight from the Swedish mega-retailer. Not that its a bad thing necessarily...I like IKEA and what they represent...but it is geared to a certian audience. I think if I was a younger couple with a kid and was spending a week in Philly, I would think this place is great. As a traveling business person, it probably lacks a few of the comforts a downtown Marriott or Loews would afford me...so it's probably one and done for me.

Great location though, just across from the Reading Terminal Market...and while not necessarily cheap ($150-180-ish), it's not bad if you are two or more people taking advantage of the family-esque amenities.
Hilton gets it right with Home2!  I typically have over a hundred stays a year in Hilton properties, have enjoyed being loyal to this great brand, but keep in mind I get to see the full spectrum of properties and their quirks.

This is one of the nicest Hilton properties, from value, cleanliness, staff courtesy, security, location, amenities and extras.  It really was a great stay and I can't easily tell you how wonderful it is having a new fridge/freezer, microwave, dishwasher, couch, leather ottoman, many outlets, eco-friendly toilet and new everything!  The Spin2Cycle gym/laundry concept is great and the pool's right next door.  In fact it only costs 50 cents a load, washing or drying.  For the first time ever, I was able to dry both Hot and delicates in two different dryers at the same time.  Yes, it is the little things, but when you are on the road for two weeks at a time, fresh clothes is great therapy :)

There is full time security on staff and entry card readers in the elevators, so you can really feel comfortable being in a prime downtown Philly location with one less thing to worry about.

I've read the other reviews and there's a few inaccuracies.  "one bar of soup" is actually inaccurate as there is nice, Neutrogena-branded shower gel and soap dispensers - new.  The staff is far from "incompetent" in fact these nice folks went far out of their way to make me comfy.  Yes there are only two pillows on the bed, but two more in the bureau.  I think it is pretty funny when people complain about not having sheets for the sofa, when they perhaps should get a larger room and not pack lots of people in a studio.

The internet connection performed well and there's a safe in the room.  Even the clothing drawers are of the newer self-closing type.  Enjoy your time in Philly and take advantage of this great property!
The location is amazing, right next to the convention center and Reading Terminal Market, and is fully equipped with all the necessities. The kitchen has a dishwasher, microwave, full size fridge, and all the utensils to cook a full meal. Breakfast is from 6 to 9 every morning and includes small freshmade waffles, and small prepackaged meals of different breakfast sandwiches and egg scrambles, perfect  for on the go. The bed is also incredibly comfortable and the couch pulls out to be another bed. This place is definitely perfextly suited for long term stay, but was still great for a short stay for us.
Oh, rats!

Staying here for four nights for a family trip. Stay has been fairly good, but mattress is very mushy and worn out.

The real problem is rodents in the food service area. I was sitting in the breakfast service area of the lobby tonight while doing my family's laundry. I saw a rodent (too large to be a mouse; more likely a juvenile rat) run under the banquet at which I was sitting. I told the desk associate. After checking in a few minutes later when nobody from maintenance had come to check it out, I was informed they were aware and that, "it is the city." I am aware that cities have rats, however, in my 16 years living in NYC do you know how many times I've seen a rat in a restaurant there? Zero times, that's right. On the street? Sure. In a food service area? Nope. I didn't find the response of the desk associate (ie, "We know about it; it's the city") helpful or reassuring.
I was expecting more from Home 2 Suites especially after staying at some previously. To start the room had a good amount of space, but the quality just was not there with little things such as the walls, bathroom, and kitchen area that needed some touch ups. On top of this the room never fully heated up, it caused tons of sparks, and even after calling someone to fix it the room never fully warmed up and at times it was uncomfortable. I did mention this at check out and we were given a very nice "sorry", but nothing more.

The breakfast was very sad as there was not much when my mom and I went down. And the staff were not very welcoming with sad stares, so there was no way to ask them about replenishing anything. So, I just went back to my room with a very sad piece of fruit and an egg with cheese. Definitely left a lot to be desired.

Would I return to this hotel? The jury is out on it as they tried to fix the things that were wrong, but overall it really did not matter as there were so many other things that needed to be worked on.
Good stay.  Having a suite with 3 beds (one being a sofabed) in the middle of Philadelphia was what we were looking for.  Parked in the garage next door and that was convenient, but not cheap.

One nice touch in the suite was a curtain you could use to separate the sofa area from the rest of the room.  Our view was sad, but I did not book the room for the view.

The check in and general service was good.  Specially liked the bar and restaurant area.
With the government discount, this is by far the best deal I've ever had on a hotel room. We attended a conference at the Pennsylvania convention center, and this was literally right across the street. There are great restaurants nearby, like Chinatown, and really close to City Hall. The room was so modern and new as well as spacious. I made Great use of the refrigerator, dishes/plates, TV and couch. It is much closer bigger cheaper than a lot of the other competing hotels. The staff were friendly and helpful. Not to mention the breakfast buffet was legitimate with hot food, cereal, pastries, and options to take food on the go. Complementary too! I'd stay here again for sure!
Impressed by this hotel.  It's clean, spacious, pretty and convenient place to stay in downtown.  It's right across from the convention center and reading terminal and near chinatown, jfk park, market st, bars and restaurants.  You will never go hungry and in the summer time, you can even walk around and get to other parts of the city.

Some of the other things I liked here were: the kitchen complete with plates, utensils, and appliances including a dishwasher.  Some extended stay places like this don't provide kitchenware.  The way they constructed the rooms is economical in space unlike other places I've stayed, where there is a kitchen and dining area etc but probably takes up a lot of space.  This is just the right amount of space for one or two people. If you do have 4 people, the comfortable sofa also pulls out into a bed.  There is a curtain you can pull out to divide the living area from the bed area.  There's a lot of hangers in the spacious closet and lots of towels.  They also have neutrogena body wash and shampoo dispensers.  Wi-fi was also included.

The service we received was excellent, and everyone was friendly.  Check-in and check-out process were quick eventhough there were a lot of people checking-out when we did on a sunday.

I didn't get to try too much stuff for the complimentary breakfast bc we were always in a hurry to go to meetings in the morning, so we would just get fruits to go.  I also tried the microwaveable omelette.  Not bad.  I did smell a whiff of belgian waffles everyday.  Sadly couldn't get up early for it. 

I highly recommend this place.  Please keep up the good work Home 2 Suites!
Very standard hotel. Although I am not normally a fan of the Hilton brand, this hotel did not fail to deliver. The lobby is nice and the decor is homey. There is free breakfast every morning and the staff is quite accommodating, although asking for anything from the front desk can be quite a wait. While the gym is small, it works and has the minimum for a decent work-out. The rooms are clean, but the soaps and shampoos offered are lacking. Would not mind staying again!
Meh. It's cheap and looks cheap. Rooms are a little dirty and hvac is crappy. Breakfast is microwaved eggs that you microwave yourself. I stayed here for 3 nights and while nothing was bad, nothing was worth coming back for. 

If you are on a budget and want a great location, this is your hotel. 

If you want some comfort or class, just pass.
I enjoyed my stay here. Sure, the prices are really high but that's what you can expect from a downtown, middle of a city, hotel. 

The location is so central - right next to the convention center and Reading Terminal Market! So key! So many delicious food options right around you!

The rooms and lobby are very clean. I had everything I needed in my room. The double bed room we got was HUGE. It was like an entire suite (I guess that's why they are called Home2 Suites). =P There was a couch and seating area, there were 2 giant beds, and there was a small kitchen with fridge and sink and everything. It would've been a perfect spot is we needed to stay for a long time or even had more people. This place felt like a mansion for just 2 people. We didn't even have to walk to the end of the room! 

The complimentary breakfast here is super appreciated. I enjoyed their hot chocolate (available 24 hours by the way). I liked their hot breakfast options such as eggs and their sandwhiches that you can heat up or grab to go. So many options! Excellent stay!
In general a nice hotel and good for long term stays.  I'd suggest a few tweets.   Breakfast food is not very good.  Breakfast sandwiches were very over cooked and "pre made frozen product" 

In the fitness center- the cable news channels are blocked.   Why? 

Helpful front desk staff, clean and convenient to downtown destinations.  Next door to a couple good food spots too.
If I could give negative 10 stars, I would.  Our experience was horrific.  We stayed here for one night as we only had one day to spare in visiting Philly before heading to New York. When we arrived to the hotel, we parked our car out front in the unloading area which had two signs indicating unloading for up to 30 minutes. We checked in, asked about overnight parking and then headed up to drop off our luggage. Not more than 10 minutes after we had parked our car in the unloading area, we came downstairs to find a Philadelphia Parking Authority towing our car away! We ran down the street to stop them, but they said we had parked in an area not designated for parking. We then went back to the front desk to ask why they had towed our car when it was legally parked for unloading. It was only then the lady told us that we needed a placard on our windshields to show that we were patrons. After being told to go to Traffic Office and then being routed to the parking Authority.... All of this taking 3 hours after our arrival, we found out that we needed to come back the next day and appeal to the Hearing Officer.  After spending a total of 7 hours going to all the offices and impound lot to get our car and spending money on taxis and towing fees, we finally got our car back. When I told the hotel general manager Patrick about the whole situation, all he was willing to do was to refund our night's stay... Nothing more.  It was their mistake to not tell us that we needed a placard on the car to unload in front of the hotel, and we ended up incurring $300 of fees!!! Not only that, we spent all of our time in Philly dealing with the car towing situation and were left with no time to see any sights.  What a dreadful experience at this hotel! We definitely will not be back nor recommend this to any of our friends!
Beautiful, new hotel right across from Reading Terminal Market. Parking garage next door was $35 for approx 16 hours. Rooms were gorgeous and modern. Bed was very comfortable although only 2 pillows for the bed. Thought there could have been more. Suites have a nice kitchen with stainless steel appliances and plates.I also loved the separate living area. Breakfast was okay and had yogurt, oatmeal, cereals, waffles, and some hot frittatas (I didn't think were tasty). Liked the flavored creamers for coffee. A must stay in the city. Easy walking distance to midtown, Rittenhouse, etc.
I really like the Home 2 Suites concept by Hilton and this location is right across the street from the Reading Terminal Market.  You literally cross the street and are there to access the food hall. Connected to the hotel is also a Burger Fi and a Panera on the corner. As you enter the modern hotel on Arch Street, you will see a welcoming check-in desk on the right with green hues. There are places to sit on the left and a very large blown up map of the city grid  of Philadelphia on the wall. The breakfast area with tables is located in the back left. I checked in online via the Hilton app and the key was ready upon arrival. The lady checking us in did a great job asking us if we were familiar with the hotel and then told us about the property and make us feel at "home". I was also given Cheez its for being a loyal Hilton Honors member. To access the room you need to swipe your room key in the elevators. The concept of all Home 2 Suites is extended stay so you have a mini-kitchen with dish washer, sink, glasses, plates and a refrigerator. This location also had a Keurig machine. All Home 2 Suites have the modern shower set up and instead of using small bottles of shampoo and body wash, they provide the dispensers on the wall in the shower. There is a sofa sitting area, desk and curtain to separate from the bed. I like the shades as well because you can adjust them for complete darkness in the room or add more translucent lighting with the lighter shade. There is a big TV and closet space and drawers. Unfortunately we had to leave by 6am for an early flight so we did not get to try the breakfast. The hotel is also located across the street from Jefferson City station so that is the closest SEPTA stop. The staff was friendly, the rooms were comfy and clean and I really enjoyed my stay.
Home2Suites lives up to its name! For the three days we spent in Philadelphia, we felt right at home! It has an optimal location in Center City, directly across the street from the Reading Terminal Market (which offers a plethora of eating options - try the Amish donuts, they're divine!), and it's essentially a one-bedroom apartment: kitchen (with fridge, microwave, sink, Keurig etc.), living room (with sofa and room divider), bedroom, and bathroom. Given the spaciousness and convenience of the suite, we could have easily extended our stay for a week or more. Card entry security measures were appreciated. Staff were incredibly friendly and helpful as well! And, even though we didn't partake, it's nice to know that they offer a substantial complimentary breakfast as well as all-day coffee, tea, and hot cocoa. When we return to Philadelphia, we'll happily return to Home2Suites!
If you are staying in Philly for a convention at the convention center then you cannot beat this hotel for location and price! Seriously!!!! Walk out the front door, go to end of block, cross street, BAM! In the convention center.

Got a deal on the room with AAA for $143.00 a nite (and then you have to add all of those taxes) which wasn't bad at all.  Check in was easy and the front desk where nice.  The lobby and all you can eat carby continental breakfast (bread, bagels, make your own waffles, cereal, yogurt, coffee, tea, juice) area is very bright and spacious and modern.  

The room was nice but the fact it had a full sized fridge, sink, dishwasher, and microwave in there with all the utensils you could ever need - bonus!  Well that is if you went directly across the street to the Reading Terminal Market and got some goodies to cook in your room.

Big shower but they only supplied one bar of soap with the rest being a shampoo and body wash dispenser in the shower itself.  I didn't like that.  Housekeeping was either lacking in efficiency or they were being "green" because when they serviced our room they didn't replace any of the used towels and they didn't vacuum much if any because the popcorn I dropped next to the bed was still there when I came back to the room.

One thing I really didn't like is if you got the side of the bed next to the window and it's big obtrusive air conditioning unit, if you got up in the night for a glass of water (wink wink) then you could nail your legs on the thing as the bed was VERY close to it not leaving much of a path between the bed and it.  

But would I return here for convention time again? Oh yeah!
I love staying at thie hotel!  It's a home away from home, which is such a luxury for someone who travels as much as I do.  Not only do you have your own kitchen and living room, but there is complimentary breakfast & free coffee & tea throughout the day.  The location is great, right near the convention center and the amazing reading terminal.  I recommend anyone staying here.
We had a very disappointing stay at this Home2 Suites by Hilton. First of all, this location has no hotel parking (self or valet). Guests are expected to compete for parking along the street or in nearby parking garages (about $40 per night). We used the garage suggested by the front desk clerk. The parking elevators were broken for 2 days so we had to carry our luggage up and down 6 flights of stairs. The stairways smelled strongly of urine. We called the hotel twice to ask for general information and were hung up on both times by the front desk. Our room was not ready at check in time - we, and many other families, sat in the lobby with our bags until the rooms were ready - about a half an hour late. The curtain used as a closet door in our room seemed cheap for a hotel at the price - as well as the curtain between the bed and the rest of the room (instead of a wall) - can this really be called a 'suits"? During check out we were asked if we enjoyed our stay - when we described the above experiences, they responded with, "so very sorry - thanks for you patience". Who said anything about patience - we expect better from a Hilton property!
If you are looking for location convenience to the Convention Center and good eats-then you are staying at the right hotel. After that, skip it. We are regular Hilton Guests and this one falls way beneath the Hilton Hotels. Check-in was easy and everyone at check-in was pleasant, so another plus. The room itself, an efficiency, lacked any sort of "warmth" or "inviting feel" that most Hilton's do. The shower was a trickle, minimal toiletries, sheets and blankets missing for the pull-out. Housekeeping had an attitude, they wouldn't extend a late check-out despite being Silver Hilton Members, you had to call to get your room cleaned, the room temperature was inconsistent and the hallways a sauna - not summer. Again, location was awesome but with so many choices in the area, we will try other options next time we are in Philly.
I stayed in the hotel for 3 nights. The rate was 167 plus taxes and fees. Home2 suites was our second hotel in Philly. Overall, it seems like a great hotel. Great location, nice looking rooms, decent rate. However there is more than meets the eyes. First off, our room needed vacuuming upon arrival. We asked the front desk and they said the cleaning crew left at 5 PM so no one was available. Next, the bed is very firm and squeaky. The AC works great but is a little loud. Sound travels very well in the hotel so keep that in mind. Also, LOL @ the "breakfast" it is basically sealed pouches of microwaveable food and very unripe bananas. 

I think many other reviews are right and they do not clean your room much aside from fresh towels and making the bed. To hiltons defense- there is a note saying light cleaning and a "full clean" every 5 days. 

It was alright overall but definitely not the best in Philly.
Pros: The hotel is very close to the convention center, the reason for my stay. Everything is up to date and well maintained. The complimentary breakfast is pretty good.

Cons: When we were checking in, the desk clerk was very rude and argumentative. Her attitude was less than helpful. The complimentary internet is dreadfully slow and requires re-logging on often. The price is very high, but that is probably a reflection on a large convention going on and the proximity. We called the front desk to request extra coat hangers, which were never received.

Conclusion: A few minuses, but a worthwhile stay overall if you are attending a conference at the convention center.
The beds this time were not comfortable.  Mushy.  Plus, I like fitted sheets.  A good hotel should use fitted sheets.  This place wasn't cheap either at a little over $300/ night.
I wish I could have written a favorable review.  The room and location were perfect.  However, I was accidentally charged 875.00 for juice.  I spotted the error on check out and was assured my card was not charged.  Well it was.  Three days after check out, the hold on the room and the erroneous charge amounted to over $1400 on hold.  It was difficult to get anyone to take my call.  It took several calls to get the account manager, who was very pleasant and also assured me that the hold would be removed after 3-7days... But the bank reported that it (875.00) was an authorized charge. When I tried to get someone to send a letter to my bank to stop the charges from going through... I had to call corporate to finally get a manger on the phone.   Not one apology or promise to re-educate staff on how to ring out at the desk.  I reported the incident via email and two weeks later, I have yet to get an apology for the error.... I'm sorry to say that I will not be returning because I cannot afford the aggravation and stress for a two night stay.
Very spacious room and comfy beds. Good storage and really liked to have a fridge/micro in the room!

Breakfast was ok, it fills your stomach but is rather bland. Good coffee though. Staff was very nice and helpful.

I stayed here for 5 nights in a room on the 3rd floor (335) and we had this lovely AC ventilation systems outside our window, making *a lot* of noise all night long. Mind you, all rooms on the 3rd floor that are not towards the street would have this outside their room (see photo). If staying here, make sure you get a room on the 5th floor or higher.

The cleaning was pretty much non existent (they made the bed and changed the towels). There was this huge fat stain (?) on the mirror when we checked in, and it was never removed. On the day before checking out, I realized that the toilet couldn't have been cleaned for the last month(s), really, really gross! Would have made a complaint, had it not only been just before leaving.

With the noisy environment and non-existent cleaning, I can't rate this higher than one. Would otherwise have considered a 3 or 4 star rating.
For a surprise weekend visit to the city my boyfriend and I decided to choose this hotel which is conveniently located in the perfect place. We checked in on Friday and from that point on we could not wait to check out. The bed was very comfortable until you rolled over and realized that it squeaked all night long and you absolutely could not sleep. House keeping was completely horrible and did not clean or replenish the used towels inside of the bathroom until we made a phone call to the front desk. No cleaning but at least we received fresh towels. 

My boyfriend was falsely accused of smoking inside of the room by housekeeping and that was immediately debunked when the guy came to purify the room and realized that the alarm was not tripped and there was no smell of smoke in the room. We received no apology from the manager or hotel staff but instead a wait outside of our room after having our keys deactivated until hotel security checked the room and decided they found absolutely no evidence of smoking in sight. 

After a quick trip to the hotel pool my son and I realized that our eyes were on fire and decided to let front desk know that something was not right with the pool. We immediately found out that the chlorine count in the pool was extremely to high and very dangerous. No apologies were ever given from the manager and or hotel staff. 

The service was horrible until we checked out at 9 in the morning in a rush to end such a horrible stay in this hotel, and the pleasant guy at the check out was extremely friendly and very kind and apologetic for the horrible stay. I will not recommend this hotel to anyone and I will never stay at this ridiculous hotel for as long as I shall breathe!
I had such high hopes for Home2Suites due to it's prime location and it's touted "renovated" space. Sadly I was mostly disappointed. First off, the parking situation is terrible because they tell you to park in "their garage" next door but have absolutely no discount at all. I would've likely looked for a cheaper garage if I had known. Parking for 14 hours was $40.

I had checked in the day prior to my visit on the Hilton app and selected our two rooms. As a Hilton Gold member, I get an automatic upgrade if it's available and 2 bottles of water upon check in. Neither happened because apparently the hotel was "sold out" and I had to go back downstairs and remind them about the water instead of finding it waiting in our rooms per usual. 

The front desk staff while friendly seemed less knowledgeable than most. She didn't mention that my room selections had been changed (both of them) until I asked why we were on separate floors. When I expressed my displeasure and said I would call to complain, she "miraculously" found an upgraded room on the same floor. I wish it didn't take me being unhappy for that to happen.

When we got into the room, there were obvious black hairs in the sink and shower which makes me greatly question the cleanliness of the rest of the room. It was nice having the extra space in the suite but the curtains instead of doors on the closets seemed cheap.  The appliances are a nice amenity if you want to eat any to-go meals in (which we did), there were also plates and silverware for your use.
Breakfast was pretty decent and the typical continental fare. They had microwaveable sandwiches/omelettes, fresh waffles, as well as various cereal and fruit options. 

Overall, I was disappointed by the cleanliness which is super important to me and service of the hotel. The bellhop was very nice but other than that, nothing wowed me in the least. We won't be back at this location, there have got to be better options in City Center.
VERY VERY DISAPPOINTED! We only chose this hotel for the indoor pool, so that our children would have a place to play while we were traveling. At check-in we were told the pool was closed for unexpected maintenance. I requested a discount, since we could have stayed in the Best Western across the street for $40 less. Request denied. I asked for the manager, but was told no manager was available. We were offered a "free cancellation", which felt like an insult. By now it was nearly 6pm, we would have to find somewhere else to stay and we had already parked in the $43 per day parking garage. The next day, there was still no manager on site.
The lobby bathrooms are dirty, there are no toilet seat covers and no toilet papers. This lady they have working at guest check-in wasn't  wearing a mask until her manager was called, she bobbles her head back and forth sideways while talking like she's ghetto and her tone is street. And what Hilton Hotel employer allows their employees to come to work in slippers
Qué placer este hotel, Home2 Suites by Hilton me parece una de las mejores cadenas de hoteles en las que estuve.

Este es un hotel bastante copado, moderno y con mucha onda. Las habitaciones amplias, la cama genial, un living copado y heladera y cocina por si quieren cocinar algo.

La ubicación es excelente en pleno centro de Philadelphia y a la vuelta de la estación del tren que viene y va al aeropuerto. Pero lo mejor es el desayuno buffet, el cual es la gloria, súper completo y todo una delicia. En fin, banco muchísimo esta cadena de hoteles.
Great location, clean rooms and very helpful staff.  They are pet friendly.   They have a substantial breakfast buffet which can get crowded on the weekends.  The pool is not usually crowded and large enough for a small family to have fun.  The only drawbacks are that housekeeping can be a little hit or miss.  On a couple of days they did not come and we had to call for towels, toilet paper, etc.  No big deal since they were delivered quickly.   A bigger issue however is that two of the three elevators are not working and on Fourth of July weekend in Philly, that's a big deal and a sometimes long wait.   That being said, this weekend there was a huge fraternity convention in town full of people of varying levels of maturity.   The outside areas of all local hotels were swamped with sometimes rowdy people.  The staff here did a great job minimizing the impact on all guests and trying to keep everyone happy.  All in all, a nice place to stay
This is honestly as good as it gets. The rooms were huge all with full kitchens complete with cooking and serving utensils. Private sitting areas in the rooms. Very clean and up to date with security. Check in and check out were nice and easy and they even held our luggage for us once we checked out and had some unfinished sites to see. The only complaints I have are again  the parking no discount and expensive. I have noticed it is walking distance to the train so to avoid all of the parking expenses I may just take the train. The pool even though it was saline treated instead of chlorine which I love there was still an odor of chlorine in there also I have never seen such a tiny pool before there were 8 of us in there and we were bumping in to each other it must have been about 10' by 10' no exaggeration with only 6 chairs to sit in. To be honest with all that they have to offer and the friendliness of the staff a small pool can easily be over looked.
The hotel is nice and new, and in a good location.  But I docked stars because the front desk staff was rude and they forgot to put the sheet that goes over the mattress on the bed.
The front desk staff is super friendly but the housekeeping needs serious improvements.
They changed the sheets on the pull out bed because my son had an accident but the blankets and pillows were just strewn in the corner. The bathroom looks clean but the toilet tells another story and the toilet paper holder is empty.
 The breakfast is nothing special. Waffles, fruit, hard boiled eggs. Packets of scrambled eggs and egg sandwhiches that you can microwave to soggy bread goodness. No bacon or sausage. 

Came back from our day out at about 5:30pm and both of the coffee urns in the lobby were empty... so much for 24 hour coffee and tea. 

For the price we payed for 3 nights and the fact that it's a Hilton brand I expected more. 

PS. You pay $43 for parking a day but you can leave and come back as many times as you want.
I have stayed here four times over the last several months with my boyfriend while traveling to Philadelphia. Not a single time staying have we been satisfied. The last time we stayed here, I started having respiratory problems. I have a dust allergy, so my boyfriend checked the air filters in the air conditioner and I don't think they have ever been cleaned. I ended up needing to go to the hospital and it took weeks for the inflammation to subside. Hilton honors ended up giving us a voucher for a single night in a standard room (when we had stayed multiple nights in a king suite) as their apology- what a joke. So as I sit in my room, staying for two nights, with only one covered by the voucher, and I am 100 percent dissatisfied and will NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN. The Omni or the Marriott are both nearby and MUCH better. I have had to physically write a list  of everything wrong with my room including there not being a trash can in the bathroom, there is no light on the desk for me to do work. The kitchen counters and the table were both dirty and sticky, as well as the glasses and silverware were dirty. Since we could not use any of the provided amenities, we made our way downstairs for their continental breakfast which was a mad house of people running around, limits supplies and lots of shoving. We ended up standing around for 30 minutes, going back down, and then standing around a bit more for nothing. We walked over to the desk to say something and the person working could not care less. Don't waste your time staying here and giving your business to a place that couldn't care less about you.
I stayed here a few times over the past year as I was working in the area. The hotel is in a great location downtown, literally next door to the convention center and across the street from Reading Terminal Market. 

Rooms: this hotel offers studios and suites. I stayed in both and while it was nice to have the extra room in the suites, the studios are a decent size and perfectly comfortable, even for a longer stay. There is a small kitchen area with full sized fridge and dishwasher. The suites have a small dining room table as well. The bathroom was a good size. There are shampoo and shower gel dispensers (instead of individual bottles) and they don't give you conditioner unless you ask for it.

Amenities: large breakfast area (set up almost cafeteria style). After breakfast, a lot of people staying there use the tables to eat food that they bought at the Market where seating can be very limited. There is a decent sized gym and indoor pool as well as guest laundry.

Staff were very nice but pretty strict about check in/check out when they are busy. But they are happy to store your luggage and seemed to be pretty knowledgeable about the area. I'd definitely stay here again.
We absolutely love dour stay here. The location is perfect. It is directly across from the reading market, and directly next to the convention center.

You can tell this hotel is new. It is super clean and very modern, decorated with the latest furniture. The colors pop, and I also has a warm ness to it. Our room was beautiful and clean. Huge shower with shampoo and body washer mounted on the wall in a dispenser. That was a nice little touch, very Eco friendly. 

There was slight confusion with our room. We had a reservation for a suite, with two beds, kitchenette, living room, and bathroom. We thought that meant desperate bedrooms and connecting living room. This room was big and long. When you walked in there was a beautiful kitchenette, very nice. There was a dishwasher but not oven, so that was interesting. Then bathroom to the left. As you walk in more there was a small couch and table which I guess was the living room. Then a movable curtain separated the bed area. There was a closet and plenty of drawer space. As well as a huge desk with a rolling chair

Despite that the room was very nice, this was also a pet friendly hotel. So we were allowed to bring our puppy! He loved the hotel as well! 

Mom and dad said the continental breakfast was just okay, but coffee, teas, water, etc was available at any time in the lobby.
Let me start by saying the place looks great, nice and clean, with an appealing modern aesthetic. The breakfast is good, they had breakfast sandwiches, and Chobani, and a waffle maker, so I couldn't complain. 

But unlike the previous reviewer, I was very disappointed with the service. The staff was nice but incompetent. We had a guest who crashing on the sofa bed in the living room area, and we called and asked for sheets. They came to our room and gave us literally 30 pillow cases instead of bed sheets. 

We had stayed an extra day, and were out most of the morning and afternoon, will into the evening, and when we came back no one had tidied the room up, made the bed, gave us new sheets, or refilled the toilet paper, which was annoying. 

They don't validate parking, so on top of your hotel stay you'd have dish out an additional $40 a day for parking. 

Maybe the place is just new and breaking itself in, but I'm going to avoid giving it another try, I was too annoyed by my experience to consider staying again.
Don't book a suit with the expectation that you will comfortably sleep 4 people there, as the "queen pull out sofa bed" is certainly not a queen, but more likely a full. It does not comfortably sleep two teenagers (brother and sister), who, though expecting to share a bed, did not expect to be *that close * to each other. When we asked the front desk if they had roll aways or perhaps even another room, they did not and were booked. 
Second complaint would be the extremely poor quality of bed. The king size bed my wife and I slept on may well have been a sofa pull out - it was that uncomfortable. I am actually dreading sleeping here again tonight (and I just woke up 10min ago). I am baffled as to why this hotel had such high ratings and reviews, which was one of the deciding factors when I booked. No one mentioned details like these.
We go to Philadelphia about 4 times a year to visit our son at college. We have visited many hotels in Center City. Since this was a new hotel, we decided to give it a try over this past Thanksgiving weekend. We had a suite room, which was very small. It was perfect for two people but any more and you would be cramped . We were looking forward to having our son stay in the room with us and our daughter. We barely had enough room for her, and we were disappointed when we had to send our son back to his dorm room to sleep. 

Since our room was so small, we were looking forward to spending time with family in the lobby. However, the lobby was very cold (temperature wise) and uncomfortable. It resembled a college cafeteria more than a warm and inviting living space. We ended up spending our time at a hotel across the street that another family member was staying at. This hotel was more warm and cozy. 

The hotel has three elevators, one of which was out during our stay. We had to wait up to 5 minutes to get on a very crowded elevator. We asked two different employees if there were stairs we could use, and both said there were stairs but they were unavailable to use.

The pool and workout facilities were adequate and we enjoyed using them.

The continental breakfast was a debacle. There was not enough food to meet the demand of the guests, and it was far understaffed. If you like cereal and bagels it was fine, but if you want anything close to a hot breakfast you will be disappointed. There are other hotels on the same block that offer a better continental breakfast selection. Breakfast ended at 9am on the Friday after thanksgiving, which was too early and inconvenient. When people are on vacation they like to sleep late.  

With regard to the staff, everyone was extremely accommodating and professional, but it seemed that they were at a disadvantage due to the design and concept of the hotel.

We will avoid staying at Home2 on our future trips to Philadelphia.
Love this place. It's clean & convenient to so many places I need to go while in Philly for business. Also a bonus, it's right across the street from the Reading Terminal Market & only a short walk to Chinatown. This is my favorite place to stay in Philadelphia, by far.
A solid 3.5 stars

PROS:
-amazingly location if you are attending anything at the convention center. Half a block away! Also across the street from Reading Terminal!
-free breakfast (though mostly cold items, not great, see below)
-updated pool and gym
-very friendly front desk and overall service
-attempts at being a very environmentally friendly hotel

CONS:
-the area near here is a bit patchy so we had to avoid certain blocks while walking late at night
-the rooms themselves though large are meager. There were only 2 tiny square pillows on our queen bed for 2 people. There is no lotion or conditioner.  No robes, no slippers. Had to constantly call for items. 
-free breakfast is pretty worthless. Items are all cold except one hot item (usually a bfast sandwich) and waffles. It's always very crowded.  Just go to beilers at reading terminal and call it a day 
-no cleaning service on weekends. Your room only gets a regular clean every 5 days of your stay 

Overall I loved it for the location, friendly staff, and all day coffee. 
For over $200/night, I rounded 4 stars to 3.5 because I could have had a little more luxury for the same price. I did come during peak time. Overall though I would consider returning to this hotel if I found a slightly better deal only if I had another conference at the Phl convention center.
Easter Vacation Ruined. 

Long time HHonors member who booked a weekend stay at this hotel. 

Headboard fell and almost hit my sleeping wife and infant son. 

Made a report to front desk, it's been an hour and no one has come up to look. Went downstairs and spoke to manger. Showed him the pictures and he seemed unconcerned. Asked to be moved to another room as this is a safety concern. He said all the rooms as like this so it won't make a difference. Certainly felt I was being brushed off. 

Wow - so much for the legendary service Hilton is known for. Perhaps it's time to start utilizing other hotel memberships.
Travelers beware! Don't stay here if you value your valuables!

This looks like a nice, new Hilton establishment in the heart of the City of Brotherly Love - but in reality, this place can't even guarantee the staff won't walk off with your stuff. 

I stayed here for 4 nights in April 2016, and during my stay my new $200 tennis shoes went missing from my room while I was at work one day. When I told the front desk staff what had apparently happened, I was met with indifference and annoyance at the issue. The security manager literally rolled his eyes at me when I said my shoes had gone missing. I had to catch a flight, so they took my info and said they'd call me once they'd spoken to the cleaning staff. Four days later I still had not received a call, so I called them up and asked to speak to a general manager. The GM told me he couldn't find the shoes and they hadn't been turned in, and that they ultimately weren't responsible for "lost" or even stolen items. So as far as the hotel is concerned, I'm just out of luck! 

So like I said, travelers beware! This place will take your money - and your clothes, too!
Time for the ultimate Home2 review.  I lived here for about four months due to some unfortunate and unforeseen circumstances.  Likes: Pretty big room with king sized bed, microwave, fridge, freezer, good water pressure in the shower, waffle maker at breakfast, washer/dryer in the gym; Dislikes: can't use the cart without a bellman, not allowed to use the juice/water dispenser after breakfast, overly attentive staff at breakfast, housekeeping did a pretty good job although randomly some days they didn't come, and also it didn't seem like anyone vacuumed or dusted the whole time I was there, which was kind of gross (I have a lot of hair), parking is expensive.  

The location is great, although it can get super busy if there is a convention in town. They had cupcakes for their one year birthday celebration which was cute.  It was basically like living in a studio apartment minus a stove.
My husband and I stayed here for a weekend getaway. It was everything we could have wanted - very nice room, comfortable bed, kitchen area, plates, cups, utensils, etc. We are already looking to come back next year!

This hotel was within easy walking distance to either (a) places we wanted to visit (Chinatown, Independence Hall, American Revolution Museum); or (b) transportation to places we wanted to go (blocks from City Hall to catch the subway to the baseball park, sightseeing bus stop right outside the front door).

When I booked I looked into the parking situation. There is a public garage across the alley. It was convenient to park there, and I already knew the cost was $43/day.

There were several places to eat nearby. We avoided the Reading Market because it was PACKED every time we looked in. We ate at Kabuki Sushi, Maggiano's for brunch, Oishii Poke in Chinatown, and Pizza Fresca.  Farther out, we ate at Locust Bar near one of the sightseeing bus stops (they allow smoking, but it's a great little dive, nice people and good food), and Broad Street Bullies at Xfinity Live (long wait, super packed before a concert at Citizens Bank Park, mediocre food, just do yourself a favor and eat elsewhere before heading to a game or event in that area).


We can't wait to come back and do more exploring!
I don't even know where to begin, I had a great time here till Saturday when I was rushed by ambulance. I want to take the time to thank you thank you Jamal and Chris for going above and beyond comforting me in this real bad time. Especially Jamal how funny your wife has the same bday as me to the year.. I feel really blessed that you guys were the ones who went out your way to take care of me and made sure I was ok as well as safe and helping me breathe, till the ambulance came. To Shakria man o man I feel like I made a homie in philly, she made the stay so pleasant and was beyond helpful. I definitely will be making this my hotel as well for all my company's business trips and events when ever in philly. Thank you for all your hospitality you guys are the true meaning of a great home away from home. Angie B from Cali
Great hotel located across the street from the Reading Terminal, great location in City Center. Hotel opened in August 2013, so everything is new and clean. Room was clean and spacious, to include a kitchenette and utensils. Staff was friendly and accommodating. 

Parking is $40 for in and out service, which is not too bad considering the area.

Would visit again.
Location- fantastic for events at the convention center.   Directly across the street from the Reading Terminal Market.  15 min walk to the liberty bell, etc- just don't walk down Market St unless you want to be swarmed by panhandlers and drunks.

Staff- nice and friendly.   They try hard and generally succeed.

Amenities- Meh.  Nice seating area in the lobby.  Pool is nice and clean...very small but great for kids.   In the room, one bar of soap, no lotion or conditioner.   Health club-style soap and shampoo dispenser in the shower.  I made the mistake of turning around too close to one and sliced my back open...not kidding, thankfully I was with my family and they could tend to the 4 inch gash on my back!   Overall, not enough for what we paid .
While this location remains one of my favs for downtown accessibility to the restaurant and local scene lifestyle, the hotel is definitely not being kept up to secure the more elite customers.

Firstly you have to self park $40 per night, it's not a very friendly loading/unloading area so you have to park and haul your gear from the parking ramp across the ally then to the hotel... yuck. If it's raining you will get soaked.

The rooms look good at a first glance but once you start setting up your stuff you'll notice that there are stains on the sofa and desk chair, floors not properly vacuumed and it did not look like the  bed was freshly made.

The staff at the front desk was super nice but that was about it. I would not stay at this location for future visits.
Awful stay!  Dog is barking in the next room all night long and management says they "can't do anything"
Three stars is a touch too high, but two stars would be too low:

- While reasonably priced, the hotel is decidedly no frill. The breakfast is typical of a cheap motel (some yogurts, stale bagels, cereal, and so on), with no restaurant or bar on site.
- The walls of my bathroom were dirty (the staff wasn't cleaning them at all as far as I could tell), and the ceiling had mold. While I don't need to touch either the walls or the ceiling, the issues were pretty obvious...if the staff isn't cleaning these things, what else are they ignoring?
- The front desk staff was nice
- The location is great - right next to the convention center, across from the amazing Reading Terminal market, and no more than a 10 minute walk to a bunch of tourist destinations. The burger joint downstairs is good and reasonably priced too.
- The elevators don't "read" your room key very well, which means it can be hard to get upstairs if your hands are full and you're assuming you can just hold your wallet up to the thingy

If the bathroom walls and ceiling hadn't been dirty, and the breakfast had been better, this would be a 4 star place. Heck, if they skipped the breakfast and dropped the rate $10, this would have been a 3.5 star experience. But paying for a breakfast I never used? Bummer.
4.8/5
I must say.... this hotel was phenomenal.
Very roomy, comfortable blankets, and a bed that felt like home.
The only reason I gave it a 4.8 was it got -0.5 for the stink bugs in the room. There had to be atleast three in there that kept crawling on my roommate and I, but by the time we fell asleep after the many booze we were drinking, it didn't really bother us.
I ended up waking up and ripping a tasty complimentary coffee, and totally forgot about the previous night.
After an amazing shower with invigorating soap and shampoo, I felt like daddy worbucks. +0.1
We went across the street and went to reading terminal market after checkout, they have delicious $1 all beef hotdogs and some tasty gumbo. +0.2
Overall, way great hotel and would recommend
Hilton- on point again!!!

I just stayed here for my bachelorette party celebration in the city and I have to say - it was perfect!! Super convenient location - It's right across the street from Reading Terminal Market. So, on top of being easy to locate, your food options are pretty much endless.

From the moment we arrived, everyone was so nice! We had quite a few bags and the bellman offered to take things up for us no problem. The girls at the check-in desk were also super friendly. 

The room was the perfect size- we had 4 people total staying and it didn't feel cramped. It was clean, spacious and you can't go wrong with a full sized fridge, sink, dishwasher in your room. Especially for keeping those mixers cold! :)

The hotel has an eye for safety too. There was always someone present any time we were in the hotel and the elevators require you to use your room key to get to your floor. Just a nice touch.

It was the perfect hotel for us and after a night of dancing - coming back to a comfortable bed- I can't complain!

Service, Staff, Location, Room Size and Price: A+!
My wife and I stayed here this week and found it to be a wonderful hotel.  The place opened just last week.   The rooms have a great spacious layout and (in mine at least) had two sinks, one in the bathroom and one in the kitchen.  The counter tops are of a higher quality than the room price would suggest.  The room i was in was not a true suite but had a divider that could be extended and retracted.  Thankfully the divider didn't seem cheap.  

Breakfast was good.  In of itself nothing on the continental breakfast was special, but they did have breakfast sandwiches that could be heated so that there was something more substantial.  But the strength really was in the exceptional service.  The staff manning the breakfast was among the best I've had.  Indeed it was better than I had at several club level breakfasts at other hotels and I  can't  think when i had such service for a continental breakfast.  

My only gripe is the parking cost at $40. Ow. 
 
This hotel is really worth staying at.  Its next to the reading terminal market and located close to other attractions.
I stayed here twice before making my review. On the positive side, the suites are spacious with full appliances including dishwashers. I appreciate the hot drinks in the lobby. For this reason they are getting a 2 instead of a 1.

However, the first time I stayed my arms and neck were bitten up overnight. I showed the manager my fresh bites and he said I had to catch the bugs in a ziplock bag or tissue and bring them down and show him. I said, no, you need to treat the room. He refused to believe they have a bug problem. 

On my second visit, their was something in the toilet when I first entered the room. When I sat on the couch, within minutes I had bites on my neck. The shower pressure is a weak sprinkle that cant be adjusted. The shower soap/shampoo dispenser falls apart easily and will likely fall on your bare pinky toe. Also, the trash removal noise is crazy loud between 6 and 630 a.m. Some employees are professional, others, including the manager, not so much. Consider other options.
Terrible service stole my items and acted like we were lying very rude and gave attitude when I needed help. All very cliquey and suspicious watch your stuff if you have to stay in this terrible hotel.
We stayed here on a weekend trip. Its right opposite the Reading Terminal. The decor and the size of the hotel is really nice. However, the room was very mediocre. The bed sheets were dirty, and had a weird smell, within the room. The bathroom looked like a contraption. There were numerous bars and two shower head. I am guessing its handicap capable. The furniture in the room also looked very dirty. The only good thing about this stay was the compliment breakfast
