I would give 5 stars for the friendly staff here. The valet and bell stand folks were great and $42 for overnight parking.  The bell stand was very friendly and stored our luggage after we checked out. An alternative is the parking garage at the Fresh Grocer. $30 for overnight parking. The front desk gave my girl a free duck stuffed animal too!

Don't rely on the free shuttle as they do not run every 30 minutes. We too an Uber to CHOP for doctors appt ($6). 

The reason for the knock in stars is the room. We got a king bedroom suite and while I love the fact their is a door between rooms, I wonder why there are no heat or AC vent in the living/kitchen room. The bathroom ceiling has a large crack and lots of rust in the bathroom wall, closest to the bathtub and door. Yuck. The worst part: there is a mouse in our room!!! 

The breakfast was average at best. Marriott's Residence Inn breakfast is much better imo. 

The location is great. Next to U Penn. lots of restaurants on Walnut with closest bar being City Tap House.
I can't imagine a better deal. This brand-new hotel (I think it's one year old) is in Philadelphia's University City was the cheapest room I could find and we totally lucked out. 
Our suite (standard) had a full-size refrigerator, a small range and sink and a nice little living area. The bed was unbelievably comfortable and the towels were thick and great! The room was spotless, energy efficient and had TVs in both the living area and the bedroom. Plenty of outlets for my laptop and all the other electronics I need to keep charged. 
AND THE STAFF- so nice. Anything we needed they were right there. They have a beautiful pool and a business center, which totally saved my as* and offered free dinner and beer/wine at night!! I just wish I was able to stay longer! I'll definitely be back there again.
The Preview:  Now this Homewood is off the beaten tourist path over on the campus of the University of Pennsylvania.  To some that's terrifying because they feel the need to be in the center of everything, aka in Center City or old Old City, but to me sometimes it's good being a bit removed from things.

We opted not to pay the $39 per night valet park fee, no self parking is available through the hotel, and instead parked about a block away since this is summer and PENN is not fully in session free on street parking was fairly abundant.

You enter on the ground floor and then take an elevator up to the 3rd floor where the front desk, lobby, pool, exercise area, and breakfast area are.

Check In:  Check in was quick and efficient.  The person at the desk explained all of the hotel's amenities thoroughly with the most important being that you have to sort of wand your room key over a sensor in the elevator to get it to go up past the 3rd floor, down from your floor back to the 3rd floor, or to open your room door.

(If you are on the ground floor going up to the front desk on the 3rd floor this does not apply.)

At check in you are given a small eco-propoganda speech about how the hotel is green and that when you get into your room you need to put one of your room keys in this docking device which turns on the rooms power and utilities.

The Room:  The room itself is your typical Homewood studio, this location has no two bedrooms just studios and one bedrooms, with the only difference being that the rooms are slightly narrower and longer than at most Homewoods.

The other difference between this Homewood to others in the room is that room, in particular the living room and bathroom area, were dark.  As in there were barely any lights in that part of the room and the lights that were there were fairly dim.

As for that docking area and the power being off, well apparently housekeeping cheated and they left a key in the docking area so when we got into the room all, and I mean all, of the lights were on and the A/C was at a lovely 67 degrees.

So much for being "Green".

Even though there were people all around us we never heard any noise so A+ there for wall thickness.

The pool:  The pool is the size of a thimble but the water was decent at 75 degrees.  

Breakfast:  The first thing worth mentioning is that the breakfast area also has outdoor seating so if you want you can sit inside and mindlessly drone on watching The Today Show or you can engage in some Grade A people watching outside from the 3rd floor.

Their offerings are the same as any other Homewood with nothing being bad and nothing being noteworthy.

(Dinner is offered Mo-Th but we showed up too late to partake.)

Overall this Homewood is great if you're visiting PENN's campus or just to see Philly from a different part of town and I'm sure that we'll be back.
I can't believe this dump has 4.5 stars! I've never stayed in a hotel in my life with stains on the carpet, burn marks on the furniture in the room and Stains on bedsheet!!! I thought for the price I'm paying I would atleast get a clean room esp during Covid. I will never book a room here again neither will I ever refer anyone to stay in such a dirty place. I'm really shocked at how this place is still standing. And when we were given a dirty room the manager was no where to be found.

I'm giving three stars for customer service the manager did refund us the room and staff was very friendly and accommodating after what happened. However, they still need to do a better job in cleanliness department.
I stayed here for about a week and except for the occasionally annoying cleaning staff's attitude I had a great time. This hotel is cheap compared to most of the others in the area and also way cheaper than staying in Center City Philly. You also get a room that's twice the size, has a full kitchen + living room area and a few other great amenities on site, eg gym and a ben and jerry's freezer that's fully stocked at all times. 

Since this is an extended stay hotel, they also offer grocery shopping and laundry services pretty cheap and make it really easy to use either one. They also serve a complimentary dinner a few times a week and a couple of other meals too. Unlike some of the pricier hotels in the area, internet was included in the price of the room. 

The location is right next to a movie theater and the rest of University City which is a cool place to be and it's walking distance to Center City too (if you're in shape I guess). There are so many shops and restaurants nearby that the whole kitchen/grocery shopping idea may be somewhat useless. 

Overall, it's a great deal and the rooms are very well kept and look/feel extremely new.

I'd definitely go back.
I don't think I could add anything that hasn't been said...lovely huge rooms, delicious breakfast that you can eat outside on the balcony, bargain rates, and it's a HILTON (gotta love my Hilton Honors Points).   I agree with another Yelper about the parking...don't pay to park.  You can park your car (safely) for free one block over.  There are University of Pennsylvania cops all over the place so you really don't need to worry.  This hotel is accessible to Baltimore Avenue, which is experiencing a renaissance of sorts...good restaurant choices.  Also nearby Clark Park which is a nice park to hang in if you're so inclined.
A nice looking new hotel with quite a few issues.

Probably one of the longest and stressful check in processes I have ever experienced. I get there at 2:15PM as a gold member and I have to wait in the lobby  for 45 minutes because the rooms are not available until 3. I tried to use my yelp check in coupon for $5 off parking and they refused to honor it. On top of that I get to my room and it reeks of smoke (it's a non-smoking hotel). The entire check in process took over an hour and a half. 

The rooms were very nice. However, they do not contain a separate living room like a lot of homewoods do. They simply have a pull out couch next to the bed. The bed was comfortable as expected with any Hilton. Also I appreciated the courtesy shuttle that was provided to the train station. 

Check out was also a complete mess. No receipts automatically provided in the morning like every other hotel I've ever stayed at. I asked the front desk about it and it's because they don't have a slot under the door. Perhaps they should leave it outside of the door or have a small area to hang the receipt. This should be business as usual type of stuff. Parking was charged to both of my rooms when I only have one car. I wouldn't have known that unless I went to the receipt and painstakingly waited for the receptionist to be available and the receipt to be printed. 

Overall the front desk is just a mess. This place needs some management help.
Good day,
Let me start by saying I usually love Hilton properties and always intend on staying there when I travel.
Unfortunately this was the worst experience I have ever had.
First off, I arrived at the Homewood Suites Iniversity City, 4109 Walnut Street, 19104, Philadelphia on Tuesday May 04, 2021 staying for one night. I was greeted at the front desk and I usually switch my reservation so that I can use my Hilton honors points to make sure I accumulate more points and I was told this time that I could not do that. This was the first time that I have ever been told that since I booked through booking.com and not straight through the Hilton website that there was nothing that they could do for me.  Usually they would have me cancel the booking reservation and give me the room when they see my Hilton honors card.

Then I was offered a room on the fifth floor,. I went up to the floor and as soon as Ithe elevator door opened I was overcome by the overwhelming smell of marijuana throughout the entire floor. The smoke even burned my eyes.
I went back down to the front desk told the front desk person about my experience and she said they had no other rooms available other than a disabled room with a king size bed when I needed to double beds. I was moved to 1108 and at first could not smell the marijuana put in the middle of the night smell finally made it up to the 11th floor. We had to sell for a room that had one king bed and a sofa bed. They sent us up to the room when we open the sofa bed there were no sheets and no pillows for it. I had to reach out to the front desk once again and after about half an hour they finally showed up with the pillows and the sheets. The pillows smelled like marijuana. 
I must say that I have stayed at many different Hilton properties over the years and this has been the absolute worst experience ever. In this case if I could have given less than one star would help.
Homewood suites is conveniently located to an array of places. They also have great staff, That's very pleasant to interact with.   However the hotel needs a lot of updating. Lots of Ware and tare. They also have a serious MOUSE problem. I would not recommend staying at this hotel. It's very difficult to get good rest with mice running across your bed!!
The hotel looks very nice both inside and out. Our room was nice but our first challenge was the light switches they used. They have a bit of a learning curve (you have to learn to hit them in just the right spot). 

Our second challenge was the gnats, as in small flying insects, they were everywhere. In the rooms, in the elevators, even in the dining area. To say that they were annoying would be an understatement.

On our second night, while sitting on the dining terrace with co-workers, we all spotted an adventurous little mouse running all around the dining room. He was definitely not a new addition to the room as he seemed to know the layout quite well.

Our room also featured a rather unique shower feature, the lobster boiler. No matter the temperature that you started your shower started out, it would turn into a boiling layer of Hell. We called the desk, and they sent someone to check it out. They did not send a plumber, they sent one of the valet staff. He was apologetic, and told us that they knew it was a problem, but they had turned up the water heaters and would now have to have someone come in and fix the system. His recommendation was to let it run for awhile before using it, to try and use up the hot, or take shorter showers.

All in all, next time in Philly we will try a different hotel.
This hotel is pretty awesome. The room is huge with a full kitchen. They have free breakfast and dinner (mon-thurs for dinner), a nice pool and hot tub, and an exercise area.

The only problem is housekeeping. They didn't give us fresh towels just picked the dirty ones off of the floor and threw them up on the shelf. Seriously? Not only that but they didn't clean well and left trash in the room. They also would start the dishwasher with 1 dish in it. The dishwasher takes forever to cycle through too! So unhappy with housekeeping
Very nice hotel with  nice staff.  When my guest and i arrived. We are treated nicely by the valet.  There was not any availble in formation or instructions as to know the main greeting floor was on the 3rd floor and since there's noample parking you had to leave your car in drive thru and register to be given valet pass.  Something should be done during reservation about this.  The room was fine and clean.  When we went to the pool the jacuzzi was broken the entire weekend plus the entire pool landing was saturated and traces o people's hair, left garbage and towels indicated the pool area is not looked after at all.  

This morning when working out I notice there were no towelttesto wipedown equipment after or before use.  Nasty!  Then as we were working out a mouse scurried from tlone closer to the other around the free weights. Hmm I guess we featured his work out a 830 am. 
The staff at 9 am in the breakfast room were highly efficient an the young man maintained the tables and  kept every one satisfied.  Very nice to see and feel. Just so you know his shift would be today which is Sunday during breakfast.  Make sure he is recognized!  

All and all I'd come back with family time in mind but hopes everything is fixed
Overall not too happy with my stay.  My booking came with free parking, however when I arrived no one seemed to know how to handle that and I was sent to the front desk before I could park.  The staff was friendly but not too professional.  

Our room was nice, however the pull out couch we had requested to have made was not made when we arrived.  We had to wait for housekeeping to come to later make that bed.  The bathroom door was broken and would not latch shut, therefore it was always slightly open.  The shower door handle was also broken.  The shower was either extremely hot or cold, there was no in between.  Not an enjoyable shower experience.  

The food at breakfast was average.  Powdered eggs that I could not force down but the waffles were decent.  Overall I would probably not stay here again
The staff here is FANTASTIC! Gigi is a wonderful woman that we met from the start and seemed to run into everywhere we went. She really made is feel welcome and made sure we were taken care of. In valet, Nate was super friendly. The room was very clean, very comfortable, and very quiet. If I need to return to Philadelphia, this is where we will be staying.
Having stayed at several Ritz Carltons and Four Seasons in the past, Homewood Suites embarrassed them. I could not find one thing to complain about this hotel.  I was sleep deprived when I checked in so here is some clarification for anyone else checking in sleep deprived. The entrance to valet parking is on Walnut St. The entrance blends in with the sidewalk (At least at night time).  After finding the entrance I couldn't find the Valet. I found a spot along the side of the valet driveway to park and went to the lobby ( Located on the third floor).  I spoke to the front desk receptionist who was very friendly and helpful. When I explained where my truck was parked the receptionist told me to leave the key with him and that he would call up the Valet. I offered to take me key down, which I did. I spoke with the Valet and asked a couple of questions. He was very friendly, knowledgeable. and helpful as well.

 I was on the eleventh floor. When I entered the room I was beyond impressed. It was quite large. There was an eating room with a TV and a kitchenette. A small hallway then led to a very cozy bedroom with a large screen TV and a very clean, nicely sized bathroom. I also had a beautiful view of Center City from my bedroom. 

I was very impressed with the amenities too. There were dishes/utensils in the kitchen , free snacks, a coffee maker with coffee and tea, paper towels, a dishwasher with dishwasher soap, a large refrigerator and freezer, an iron/iron board, a bathroom with bathroom amenity kits, and free "quality" wifi (There is the option to pay for faster internet too). 

I stayed here only for a night, so unfortunately I was not able to check out the Gym and Pool. With the quality of the hotel that I did observe, I can only imagine that the pool and Gym are also very impressive

I was staying at the hotel for a special event. The event was pushed back two hours from the original time that it was suppose to start. On short notice, the hotel had no problem with me checking out an hour later then the original check out time.

Check out was quick and easy. The Valet during the day was awesome. Very, very friendly/ talkative and even complimented my truck (A+ in my book lol). 

This Homewood Suites was quite impressive.
This hotel is not good at all. The rooms are really dirty, dust was all over the floor. There was a dirty bowl above the frige that we DIDNT use. 
   The shower kept going hot, cold, hot and cold. The break fast was terrible and it was so early six to ten. They dont serve lunch or dinner. House Keeping forgot to change are sheets. The bed was so uncomfortable, it was so squeaky and small . Barley to average sized people could fit on it. The pillows were so flat and they were under stuffed. They gave us so many pillows that my feet hang off the bed. The head board was attached to the wall not even the bed, The lights were terrible are lamp kept flickering. The room was so hot. The only thing  I liked was the roasted potatoes at breakfast. Even there donuts sucked. Also are sheets were stained when we checked in the wall and ceiling were stained. Overall I wouldnt stay at this hotel and I dont recommend this hotel.
I am unsure how this hotel continues to receive ratings higher than one out of five due to its lack of cleanliness or care to do the small things right.  I don't know how the hotel continues to keep it's doors open or maintain occupancy without funding from the city or federal government. I suspect the city of Philadelphia is paying for rooms at this location for those displaced due to various housing or economic issues because of the numerous guest I observed checking in and out with clear plastic trash bags being used as luggage. 

Be prepared to ride the elevators with an individual like I did who was explain over the phone to someone he was "waiting for his weed to be delivered".  Exiting the elevators you will either be greeted by the sent of a signature Philly-blunt or someones burnt dinner, however I have no idea how they were able to cook anything in their room.  My room had only the lids to any cookware that once was issued to the room.  The flatware in the drawer was sufficient enough to stir the sugar in my coffee and the provided measuring cups...I'm unsure of their intended purpose as there were only 3 shallow soup bowls and an assortment of juice glasses of various sizes and styles.
The hotel valet welcome signs are covered in layers of the city's dust and pollen.  The signs at the door should have told me to leave when I arrived (see photos). The valet was friendly and eager, greeting me with a claim ticket as I would later discover the $42 a night valet fee.
The staff is friendly enough however friendly doesn't clean rooms.  I would recommend management conduct home interviews when hiring housekeepers because the cleanliness of my room was marginal at best. I found candy wrappers under a chair in the room.  The ceiling fan blades in my room were covered with an inch of dust resulting in me cleaning them myself thinking this was just an isolated incident.  The bedroom walls and door moulding was also covered in dust (see photo).
I would encourage anyone staying at this location who has any scheduled medical procedure or caring for anyone at local hospital to look elsewhere.

The hotel breakfast is basically juice boxes, boiled eggs, and cold bagels. One morning the breakfast area was closed by 9am. It appears that if they run out of food they lock the doors and remove any opportunity to pour yourself a cup of coffee. One day I was informed they did not have any milk for cereal however offered to retrieve me a single serving cereal container in the back if I was interested.  Covid or not the lack of consistency with any offered breakfast options or availability left me realizing that my best breakfast option was at a local spot.
Just had a mouse run across the room. Was told engineering would be up to check out the situation. It's now been a half hour and I will be heading down to the front desk to demand a refund and checking in elsewhere.
THIN WALLS.  Nice on the surface, but not quite up to par.  I checked in at 10p and am Gold with Hilton, so I had pre-checked and should go right to my room that I selected online.  Got in the room....79 degrees (it's fall time) and no way to open the window.  Called down and the reception asked if that was too hot.... really?  New key to another room... 407... went to open the door and heard someone inside.  Wait.  What's the deal here.  New key for room 1010.  Key doesn't work for another 3 minutes.  Folks, I want to get to sleep tonight.

Seems to be a good location, but not well-built and not well run.  Disappointed.
Homewood Suites was better than most 4-5 star hotels I have stayed in.  The entire staff was professional from the service desk down to the parking attendances. The rooms are spacious, clean, and comfortable.  Breakfast and dinner was included. The food was delious, and they provided a menu in the room. I enjoyed it very much.
I've always believed that a vacation is less about where you go than where your head is at the time (which is a philosophical way to state my relative poverty). Thus, where others would venture off to exotic locales or sunny islands for a weekend away, I often just go somewhere else in the city and pretend to have traveled. So far, I taken two domestic vacations to the Homewood Suites in University City with my lady and have been more than pleased both times. The hotel is also quite nice. 

The Homewood Suites is a brand new building in the part of West Philly branded University City. The building is as shiny and modern as one would expect a building built after 2010 to be, and features a pool and workout center.

The rooms feature a full-size fridge, a huge and comfortable bed as well as a nice little sitting area to enjoy the company of guests or just to catch crumbs that would have fallen into the bed had I been sitting on it eating Doritos at 3 into the morning. One feature I was particularly impressed with was the bedside device that replaced the alarm clock, an iPad-type thingamajawn with the ability to stream music, order grocery service and control the power in the room. It was exceedingly fun to play with, and I hope to have something similar in my own home one day.

The hotel provides a complimentary breakfast that typically consists of a meat, eggs, waffles, cereal and other all-American breakfast classics. They also provide packets of hot sauce, which sounds like a minor detail until you factor in how rare the practice is and the fact that I enjoyed a few Bloody Marys with breakfast each day, each of which required the condiment.

As for the staff, we didn't interact much during our stays beyond checkin and checkout, but they appeared not to be total pricks, which can be interpreted as high praise for Philadelphia-based customer service. Something I can say is that I made a reservation the same day and asked for a room facing the city like a child demanding the window seat, and my frivolous request was happily honored. The panoramic view of the skyline is enjoyable from practically any position in the room, but you didn't come to read about that.

Anyway, the hotel is located on or near the campuses of several colleges, and predictably there is a selection of bars, restaurants and other entertainment venues within walking distance of the hotel. You can pretty much choose a random direction and find something to do, which is great for the illusion of being lost in a city you inhabit.

Overall, the Homewood Suites is clean, well-appointed and a great deal for what you get ($140/night, give or take...anything less for a room and it's probably next door to a meth addict's home and a prostitute den). So, for my final rating of Homewood Suites University City, it is a place less than 20 blocks from my home that I am perfectly willing to spend hundreds of dollars to be in for no real reason. Thanks for the great getaways, Homewood Suites.
We are staying here because of damage to our house.  It is not a bad place at all (not uncomfortable or especially dirty), but the amenities here are a bit less than I am used to.  I usually opt for Marriott properties, but our insurance company chose this place and it is conveniently located.  The housekeeping was very late;  we had started to make dinner, and did not imagine they were coming after not doing so all day.  There are more little extras, like pens and dish liquid, in other chains.  The dining table had only one dining chair, plus a desk chair that would have had the Dowager Countess of Grantham spinning halfway to the bedroom, when we arrived.  We are a family of three.  It just seems that when less can be done, it is, whereas other chains are generous with the little things.  It's no big deal if the price and location work well for you, but I am not left with much chain loyalty to Hilton.  I will still look for Marriotts first, with Hampton Inns as my second choice.
Basic amenities. Pleasant stay. Full kitchen and big TV for a spacious one-bedroom.
I was really impressed with this hotel. We were visiting family for the weekend and also wanted to take a trip to The Please Touch Museum. After doing a ton of research on suites in the area to stay at, we chose Homewood Suites. They have a great promotion with the museum, which includes valet parking and four tickets to the museum, as well as some small coupons to use while visiting. 

The hotel staff was super helpful and friendly. They even accommodated my husband in getting flowers and balloons in our room prior to our arrival which was a sweet treat. The rooms were spacious and very clean. We have a toddler so a suite is required if we want to stay up passed her bedtime. Found the news to be super comfy; I could have slept all day! The rooms have a full kitchenette with coffee makers, microwaves, silverware, plates, cups, refrigerator, etc. The decor is also quite pleasing, with modern accents. There's a pool and hot tub, as well as small fitness area for guests. Valet parking, which was about $40 a night, but you could take the car in and out as much as you'd like. A free hot breakfast is also included in your stay which is a nice bonus. The area is safe and vibrant, and coffee shops and restaurants are within walking distance. The lease Touch Museum was only about 15 minutes away, which was perfect for our stay.
I can't say enough good things about this place. Free dinner and breakfast buffets, what?! Nice travel fitness center as well 

I was blown away by the size and quality of the rooms. Elevators were fast as well. Bellhop and front desk were both very accommodating. 

Excellent location just blocks from tons of restaurants and bars. Would most assuredly come back!
Ok this is not a full kitchen, I'm not sure why people kept repeating that statement. It's two burners, large refrigerator, microwave, and a sink. An to be honest for me the best thing about the place is the location in west philly. Philly is my home town and I grew up not to far from here. So I find it funny how other quest look at me in my family almost as if we should be part of the service crew verse being guest. I just try to remind myself that most people that stay here are from out of town anyway. Honestly I've always thought Hiltons where overrated but this is the best hotel in the area.  Breakfast during the week is ok nothing special. Indoor pool is good for the kiddos, and the gym is never crowed. Front desk people are friendly and professional. Had issues with house keeping. Hence the three stars
Excellent hotel in great location!  Stayed 8 enjoyable nights and experienced great accommodations and service.  Rooms were very spacious, updated, quiet, and clean! Bathrooms were well lit and newly updated.  

Very close proximity to UPenn, great restaurants, and nightlife.  Never felt unsafe in my 8-night stay.  

Great amenities- including pool, gym, breakfast, and social hour!
We had a great stay! Will definitely use again while in Philadelphia. We went to the Army/Navy football game with a big group so we had to get different things from multiple cars to consolidate to a couple.   The valet guys were awesome! Hotel staff was very helpful and nice as well!! Very comfortable bed!!
THE REVIEW I WISH I READ BEFORE I STAYED HERE:

This hotel is very bad. There are pictures to back this up. I stayed here for work for 14 days (I could not swap hotels because work required we stay there). The hotel has zero redeeming qualities. From the minute you pull into the valet area you will be stepping over garbage/litter. The entrance smells of cigarette and weed smoke because the smoking area is right there. There is drug paraphernalia strewn about almost every day. The staff uses the same entrance as guests so they just ignore it. 

The rooms are tired and falling apart. EVERY room smells like smoke. There is a distinct odor on the suite floors that can only be compared to a spray freshener covering up burnt food or weed. 

My a/c unit did not work in room 413. I called to ask for help and the staff had me open the panel on the unit and check the filter for them. It was so clogged it choked out the unit and had to be replaced and reset.  (See photo).

In the shower there was a used washcloth from the precious guest. Staff asked me to use a plastic bag to remove it. I told them no. Housekeeping came to the room and asked me to grab it and set it in the hall. I again replied no. She went to get gloves before returning to remove the used cloth, but never sanitized the area. They claim to be using Lysol to provide a "Hilton Clean Stay". https://www.hilton.com/en/corporate/cleanstay/

The pillow was so discolored that I removed it from the bed, placing it next to the dresser. Even when the room was reset the pillow was never replaced and it still sits on the floor. 

The light in the entrance to room 413 flickers, randomly turns on and off, or dims. There is clearly an electrical issue that is not being addressed. 

The staff does a poor job cleaning and fixing issues. The manager is never available to speak to you about your concerns. I called Hilton Honors Customer Care to explain the issues and it still was never resolved. They said the manager closed my complaint file with saying we spoke and he offered me points. You have to schedule your room cleaning. The staff did not clean the room two days in a row . When I asked to speak to the manager the front desk told me it would be better if I "show up to his office at 0630am and get in his face, because he needs it". The housekeeping manager left me a message. She stated her records show the room was completed and if it wasn't up to my standard I could call her to discuss it. The room was not cleaned so the staff is lying. 

If you stay for work just prepare for the weekends you can expect a loud party and the Police to show up.

The included breakfast is a cold bagel, two boiled eggs, a yogurt, cereal and some packaged pastries. (See photo)

There were a long list of other issues but some of them are not worth noting as they happen at any hotel. However, in the rooms I stayed in during my several visits there was one common issue. The team here is awful at their job. 

Good luck if you try to speak to anyone at Hilton about the health and safety issues. They have never called or emailed me back. Just a boiler plate message from some no name account with a reference number. 

If you can spend your money at a different hotel I promise you it will be a better experience. This has been the most frustrating, disappointing, and ridiculous experience I have ever had at a hotel. I hope this helps you!
We came here from a horrible experience at the Embassy Suites near the airport so it was nice to be welcomed by a friendly, kind staff. Honestly, as others have stated, the front desk and the gentleman who parks the cars is first rate. Lovely people. BUT the condition of the rooms themselves leaves much to be desired. There was buckling of tiles in the bathroom and the closet has only one door. And, for the price, I expected more. There were stains on the couch and it had a thin, uncomfortable bed for my son. It was clean, so am grateful for that, but I still the ink they can do better.
