What a great room.  It was so nice.  Has everything you need.  Even includes a small refrigerator. The beds were very comfortable. If you like soft pillows you will love theirs.  

Everything was very neat and clean. I only wish I had more time to check out the entire hotel as I hear they have several other things that I missed. 

Valet parking only.  They have a cool way to get you car.  It's all through a app.  You just text car and you will receive a text back when your car is ready.  

This hotel is close to shopping whether for the high scale shoppers or the "regular folk" like me.  Oh and there is an authentic Italian restaurant across the street from the lobby that is very good.  They call it PV for short.
Brand new hotel from the Hyatt.  Great location!  Just one block from Rittenhouse Square and one block south of Walnut Street.  Valet parking was $54 a night with in and out privileges.  Their restaurant is still closed but there are so many restaurants in walking distance- for instance Parc, Pizzeria Vetri and others.  

Room was clean and modern.  Like most hotel chains during the pandemic they won't clean your room unless you request it.  Interesting the toilet is separate from the shower/sink but I liked it especially if you have four people in the room.  Glad there is a small refrigerator in the room.  Wi-Fi speeds were fast.  Make sure to request a city view room- great views of the city. Will definitely be back.  Glad Hyatt has two hotels in City Center now.
Spent a day in Philly during a trip to the East Coast (NYC/Philly) and it discovered a great hotel in Center City. This is a great hotel and I will definitely add it to my list whenever visiting Philly. 

Everything about this hotel is impressive from the interior design, to the first-class rooms, to the customer service. It made my stay much more enjoyable.

The view from the room was spectacular and I found myself looking out the window often. The room was modern, spacious and very clean. I love how hotels have added multiple charging ports for a mobile phone. No more fighting over who gets to use the port first.

The bathroom was excellent and I like how the toilet was in a separate room. If your travel buddy/significant other/coworker/etc. has to "blow it up", they can do it without worrying about the "after effects". Yeah.

The cafe downstairs was an added bonus. Breakfast was fantastic. 

All in all, an excellent hotel in the heart of the city.
This is a pretty new hotel (opened late last year, I was told) just a block away from Rittenhouse Square, so it is very ideally located in a dynamic and trendy part of Philadelphia.  We spent two nights here and were very pleased with our stay, even though the services available are still limited by Covid-19 precautions.

As location goes, you really can't get much better than this.  Walking distance to plenty of restaurants and shopping, we only needed to take our car out a couple times when we traveled to places a little farther afield.  The actual physical location of the front entrance, however, was just a little off-putting when we arrived.  It's basically located in an alley, and directly across from the entrance was a trash dumpster and a lot of discarded furniture.  We made a loop around the block looking for a different way in because we thought out GPS had led us to the service entrance.  Once we realized that we found the right location, there was a bit of additional confusion because there was no place to temporarily park the car to check in.  Instead, we had to hand the keys over to the valet, which was ultimately fine, but if we just wanted to drop our bags and then head back out then it this would have just added a little more unnecessary hassle.  At checkout, I suggested to the manager that they should ask the city to allow them to reserve about 3 or 4 spots out front for short-term parking for check in.

The room itself was very beautiful and modern, with high ceilings a tall window (though our view wasn't all that great), but very small.  If someone were sitting at the desk, there is barely enough space to pass between the chair and the bed.  The beds were comfortable and the climate control worked very well, without no hot and cold spots in the room.  The bathroom was brightly lit, and there was a door that separated the toilet from the rest of the bath so two people could do their business at the same time.

There was no breakfast service during our stay, but we were able to pick up food from the neighborhood and bring it back to the bright and airy lobby and eat it there.  I believe that coffee was available in the morning and drinks in the evening, but we didn't partake of either of those options.

Our room rate during our weekend stay was competitive with other hotels that we considered for this trip.  Parking was expensive - an additional $50 per day for valet, which is the only option here.
I booked a night here for a weekend getaway from NYC (really just an excuse to eat at Reading Terminal Market).  The location was excellent since it was in Center City.  The hotel was fairly new and I liked the modern decor.  The hotel room itself was clean.  The front desk service was very friendly and helpful for check-in and luggage storage.  It was a really good deal for a new hotel.  The only complaint (why I wouldn't give 5 stars) was the 2nd floor restaurant since we had breakfast there.  The restaurant service was super slow and the staff seemed confused about where we could sit.  It took more than half hour for coffee refills and service in general.  The breakfast food was good but It was a bit frustrating dealing with the rude and slow service.  I would stay at this hotel again but I would skip the restaurant.
I stay at this hotel during my occasional visits to Philly. Contemporary style and it's centrally located. Great customer service and affordable nightly rates.
Exactly as pictured. I'd highly recommend this hotel in the heart of center city Philadelphia. I'm a native Philadelphian so I know what's what!
I found this hotel on a whim when I needed to get out of the house during the pandemic. The entrance is on a quaint alley but there is a restaurant with outdoor seating across the street. The location is top notch. There is a Starbucks, Asian restaurant, coffee shop within 1 block. You could easily miss the entrance of the hotel. It's unassuming. Although quiet- everyone is probably home avoiding germs, I could tell the indoor space would be a booming social scene if it weren't for corona. The building is brand new and the decor is lovely, minimalist and a bit rustic but not too much as if you feel like you're in a warehouse. 
Check in was safe, easy and friendly. Everyone wore masks. There is a grab your own snacks bar if you need a late night treat. I was up on the 10th floor and couldn't hear much street traffic except for a few horns in the morning but that's typical downtown Philly. My room was spotless clean. I loved the shower! It's cozy so you don't get a ton of space but you don't really need it. There is plenty of storage in drawers, the tv was huge and the desk was a perfect comfy size for my all day meetings. The bed was great, just firm enough with plenty of pillows.
I gave it 4 instead of 5 because it's wasn't like an over-the-top incredible experience. You don't get free water or a cookie when you arrive lol I really don't have any complaints though so it probably deserves a 4.75 to be more accurate. The price was reasonable for the location. Hype this place up, more people should stay here even during the pandemic.
A free cookie would have been nice though. :)
A whatzit that is surely cleaner and more glamorous than lower-end spots without being much more expensive, but not as enjoyable as other "good" hotels.

The woodsy room is better for architectural interest than function, with a strange non-contiguous toilet that isn't in the bathroom. The main entrance is also unpleasant as someone else noted. 

This was the first time ever that has a hotel hasn't allowed any kind of late checkout. 

The location is excellent, close to a wide range of trains and buses, various food and coffee options and Rittenhouse Square.
We stayed at this hotel during our stay in Philadelphia. The hotel overall was very impressive, but there were a couple of issues I had. The first issue I had was that the layout was bizarre. The toilet was separate from the bathroom. The bathroom had no door so that the heat would escape from the bathroom quickly. The other thing I thought very strange was that the ceiling was concrete. 
Positives
The front desk staff was accommodating, and they were excellent. The outside of the hotel looked beautiful. It's also in a great location right in the hub of Philadelphia.
Currently I live in South Jersey, but wanted to spend a full day doing all the Christmas activities that Philadelphia has to offer. We decided renting a hotel room would make this easier, so we ended up booking a room at the Hyatt. The location was perfect, within walking distance to everywhere we wanted to go. Additionally they offered overnight garage parking. 

Checking in was super easy, pulled into the garage, a luggage cart was brought out and we headed to the front desk. The staff was super friendly, they made us feel like regulars even though it was our first time there. They were super engaging, even interacting with our kids.

The room itself was great. It was spacious, modern, clean and had all the amenities you would expect.

We loved our stay at the Hyatt.
Rooms are nice but there isn't a door for the shower area and the toilet is in a separate room. We were lucky enough to hear people walking around above us, dogs barking outside, and the toilet running all night. We went to have an adult beverage in the lobby where the bar is and we were told that we could not bring our own and could only drink from what they served at the bar. That was the dumbest thing I've ever heard of.
Brand new hotel in Center City. Clean rooms laid out nicely. Our room had a small fridge for a few beverages and a little food. Plenty of space. Sheets and towels very clean and luxurious. Front desk helpful and courteous. The parking attnedants were very pleasant and efficient. It is costly but your'e right next to Rittenhouse Square and lots of wonderful restaurants and shops. 

The cafe in the lobby is expensive but it's nice to be able to get a drink and sit in the lobby. 

Post Covid world it's interesting navigating fogged up glasses, masks and hotel key swipes, but the customer service here was so pleasant and helpful... our first outing in almost 2 years!!! Thank you.
Accommodating staff and service
- we had an early flight and requested early check in and due to departing late and needing a late check out- we were granted that. Here's the catch: there are fees. I can't be mad at it and honestly in my opinion you pay for convenience and this is one.

The hotel/ room 
- it's a new, modern and hip hotel
- The city view room was beautiful. It's cute, simple yet sophisticated and each space has a function and purpose. I love the coat hooks and the nook system that operates a desk and transitions into storage and closet space. 
- Whenever traveling I wipe every high touch area down and honestly felt that the space we were in was truly clean and sanitized. A huge plus was that the remote was already wrapped in plastic- plus because people can be nasty. 

Pros
- the LVP/hardwood floors (no one likes worn out dusty carpet)
- Decor, it's just pretty to look at.
- The toilet is separate from the shower/sink.

Cons
- being on one of the top floors (11th) does mean that you can still hear the hustle and bustle of the city traffic and car horns. It's not a huge red flag though and wasn't something that was completely noticeable
- The toilet paper (TP) is rough, it's like wiping with printer paper. If you're particular about this try bringing your own.

- There is construction being done near the Kimpton in the area and we found out about a power outage from 11am to 5 but weren't truly worried since we planned on being out all day.
We just stayed one night and the hotel is very clean, modern and in a fantastic location.  The beds are super comfy & soft!! The only reason I am not giving this 5 stars is because the bathroom shower area (separate from the toilet area) has no door on it.  I was staying with a friend so it made for some awkward laughs when we each had to shower.  The shower itself has a door, but that's it.  Also if you have a city view room be prepared for construction to start at 7:00am with the jackhammering.
