My girlfriend and I had a good experience at the hotel during her friend's wedding weekend. The pumpkin spice waffles at breakfast are good; I recommend them. The lobby is nice. I would say about half of the staff we met were extremely very nice and helpful; the others were so-so. I thought it was weird that they lock the front front doors "at dark." I get that it's a small hotel with a small staff and probably a small budget on security, but given that dark comes pretty early at this time of the year, at least wait until 10pm or something. Mini fridges in the rooms are nice touch, and I noticed that some of the rooms have stellar views. As I noticed other reviews mentioning, the location is prime. I concur with Andrew M's review from 2010 that the place felt like it needed some updating. 

What elevates my rating from 3 stars to 4 is our very positive experience in a time of need. We owe a debt of gratitude to the woman at the front desk who helped us get an ambulance at 5am when my girlfriend was in pain and needed to go to the ER. She spoke with the paramedics over the phone and helped coordinate further once we got to the lobby. 

Another employee, an enthusiastic and earnest young woman likely in her lower 20s, was also a highlight. She was always very kind and gracious during a cocktail hour the groom's family had organized, and just whenever we saw her around. 

In my return trips to Philly for the future, I'll probably use Airbnb like I normally do, but this hotel seems to be fairly priced for what you get.
Really excellent experience!!  I don't believe I have ever had such a pleasant stay at a hotel before.

What I love is that Best Western is not a chain but a franchise.  This means that you really get individualized attention.  For instance, we literally got a call like 10 minutes after arriving in our room asking if everything was okay and up to par.  Talk about awesome!  That never happens!

I really want to commend and give a shout out to all of the staff there who were super helpful and friendly too.  

We stayed in a king size room which had such a comfortable mattress. What a great night's sleep.  Beautiful big window with curtains that added a regal feel and it was spacious!  We had a hallway!  The room also had a fridge and microwave which was helpful when we had awesome leftover Afghani food from a local place called Kabul's! Awesome side note! ;)

Everything was clean and I love that they offered eco products like their shampoo and whatnot.  They seemingly thought of everything too.  I literally was like, oh man! I forgot my make up remover wipes and my fiance was like, I saw them in the bathroom! Haha, score!  I appreciate little details like that.

Flat screen tv and desk were also in the room.

Great location as well.  Lots of restaurants in walking distance like Chinese, Afghani, Latin, so on and so forth.

Oh, and their breakfast is noteworthy!  They won me over by providing waffle makers for guests to make their own!  The batter is ready to go!  Breakfast included eggs, sausage, breads, cereals, yogurt, and fruit too!  And, from 4pm-6pm, they have coffee, tea, and cookies in the lobby.

Parking is not directly connected to the space but it is like a block or so walking distance.  Not a biggie!  They give you leeway to park directly out front though for like 30 mins to assist with unloading luggage and whatnot.

Can't say enough great things about our stay!  We will definitely be back!!!
This review is solely for the woman at the front desk. We needed directions but she was bogged down with a lot of phone calls. She was very polite to me when she asked me to wait and was very polite to her callers. When I was able to speak with her, she was very friendly and helpful. She asked us if we were guests and when I said no, she maintained her friendliness and helpfulness and even offered to call us a cab if we needed one. Now this was customer service and I was not even a customer!
What a great visit!  We loved the old building and the history of this beautiful hotel. The staff was top notch and went out of their way to make sure our stay was successful and memorable!  In fact, I must commend Lynnsy who went out of her way to rectify a grave mistake I made with my reservation-one that would have cost me a lot of money at many other hotels.   We will definitely be back!  Thanks Lynnsy!
Wir waren im April in diesen netten Best Western Hotel. Das Hotel ist super schön eingerichtet. Wir wurden sehr nett am Empfang begrüßt und auch die Angestellten im Hotel waren sehr höflich und zuvorkommend. Das Frühstück welches mit inbegriffen war, war für ein Best Western Hotel echt sehr viel faltig und gut. Ein Highlight für uns war Das Waffeleisen, wo man sich selber Waffeln zubereiten konnte.Auch der Kaffee, welcher aus einem Kaffeeautomat/Kaffeemaschine kommt,ist für amerikanische Verhältnisse sehr gut.
Mittwochs ist immer ein kleiner Empfang in der Lobby wo man sich zu Käse und Sekt trifft und so auch mit anderen Menschen ins Gespräch kommt. Sehr nett und empfehlenswert.
Wir waren mit dem Auto dort. Vor dem Hotel gibt es zwei kleine Parkplätze, wo man seine Gepäckstucke ausladen kann.Um die Ecke gibt es ein größeres Parkhaus welches man über das Hotel für eine tägliche Gebühr von 17 $ mieten kann. Das Hotel liegt in einer sehr guten zentralen Lage. Um die Ecke ist auch gleich die Independents Hall, welche man kostenlos besichtigen kann. Des Weiteren ist auch der Love Park und das Rathaus von dem Hotel aus gut zu Fuß zu erreichen.
Die Zimmer sind sehr sauber jedoch sehr sehr klein. Diese Größe vom Zimmer kann man vergleichen mit denen in New York City.  Ein Punkt Abzug muss ich leider für das Bett geben. Die Matratze war so weich,dass wir in unserem Doppelbett immer in die Mitte rollten und somit nicht ganz so gut schlafen konnten.
Trotzdem würde ich das Hotel wieder buchen und es auch weiter empfehlen.
What a pleasant little hotel full of charm and professionalism!  It is located in the historic part of the city which is convenient to everything.  The staff was so helpful with suggestions on places to eat and see.  The rooms were newly decorated and spotless.  The best part is it's affordable.
Hotel has been recently renovated. We stayed in 2 different rooms and never had a problem with musty smells. The hotel is within walking distance of must-see historic Philly sites and great restaurants/bars, and the staff is professional and responsive. Go for it!
I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at this hotel. This isn't your typical Best Western, because I don't usually stay in Best Westerns, but took advice from trip advisor and was not disappointed. The hotel was built in 1856, not scary haunted type of 1856, it was first a doll factory then a brewery, as Lynne said think of "drunken dolls" which isnt scary at all.  Beautiful exterior architecture, interior also well preserved, with classic touches. It is small, only 36 rooms, serves a delicious breakfast, well approximated to historical landmarks.  Lynne was there to greet us when we arrived and she was friendly, helpful and assisted us for dinner reservations at Spasso's Italian Grill which was an excellent recommendation. The only thing I would suggest is car service, you park your car in a lot a few blocks away, which isn't bad, but if they would take it and bring it back it would make things a little easier, but after all it is a Best Western so that may be asking too much.  I would stay here again!!
Great Views. Great Prices. Free Breakfast!

Parking is at the nearby Ritz parking garage for a reduced price (1-2blocks away). The hotel is located in the Olde City area and the 4th street entrance to Market-Frankford line is right there.
Rooms are clean and spacious. Continental breakfast is included with the price and the food/drink options are very impressive in comparison to other hotels (love the waffles with the liberty bell logo). 

Staff are very friendly and there is a complimentary managers special daily in the main lobby. I try to stay at this hotel when in the area as I enjoy spending a night out in Old City & Society hill.

Note - the windows are old and (I believe) single pane. During the winter months, they sure let the frigid air in. For the most part, the long and heavy curtains help keep the warm air in (and cold air out), but you can certainly feel the temperature change when standing near it.


https://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowUserReviews-g60795-d74363-r278355164-Best_Western_Plus_Independence_Park_Hotel-Philadelphia_Pennsylvania.html#
Great place to stay in the heart of the Old City.  It's so easy to get anywhere by foot.  Even though my room was small, it had refrigerator and microwave.  Other pluses were the free breakfast, fresh fruits every day at the breakfast and lounge area, free cookies, coffee and cold water with lemon by the entrance and friendly staff by the front counter and even friendlier staff by the breakfast area who assisted me with the Liberty Bell waffle maker.  I highly recommend this place.  
Note to the cook: scrambled eggs are too salty.
Great location. Breakfast included is good, nothing fancy. Chestnut street is filled with awesome restaurants, including iron chefs Garces (1 block away) and Morimotos. South street is about a 15 minute walk away. Liberty Bell is a few blocks. Also close to Penns landing by the water.

If you stay here, try Hans Dynasty down the block, yummy scechuzan cuisine. 

Room is clean, bed comfy, its a win in my book.
Loved the location. Loved the friendly staff. Loved the breakfast waffle with the image of the Liberty Bell. 

Didn't love the room. It had a very distracting musty smell. We only stayed one night. Could have attempeted to change rooms but did not.

I love staying at Best Westerns. Not sure if I will be coming back to this particular one.
Great location---close to lots of bars and restaurants and the independence hall and liberty bell (and close to where I was working).  Hotel is nice, but could probably use a little updating/renovation (or at least new carpet?).  I didn't find it to be too musty smelling (as the other viewer noted) but it's not the freshest of places either.  Complimentary internet (no wi-fi in roooms; plugin only) and a decent breakfast make this place nice.  Staff were very courteous.  Free paper delivered to everyone's door every morning (nice touch).  Building definitely has a little bit of an historic/old feel to it.
