So, my friend was searching for a house cleaner. I remembered Lori on here and her great business Keystone!

Sara moved into this house and the place was just messy. The bathtub was grey and sad. We thought it just needed to be replaced. Well really all it needed was some good old fashioned elbow grease.

If you need your house cleaned Keystone is the way to go. They did a spectacular job. I wish Sara would have taken before and after pics!
I'll start by saying that both times I had Keystone Concierge come out they did a great job cleaning. You'd think it would be that simple. 

The first time 2 people came to clean my ~400 sq ft apartment. I know when they arrived and by chance they texted when they were wrapping up 1.5 hours later, yet somehow I was billed for 2.5 hours. 5 man hours to clean my place?? I don't think so. I pointed this out and it was a billing error. It was corrected. No big deal. I should add though that my friend had a similar "billing error". 

The second time only one person comes to clean. He was 30 min late with no call or anything.  This time I'm billed for 2.5 hours. Ok but at the same hourly rate as I had for 2 people. No consistency whatsoever and my cost nearly doubles with no warning. 

To sum up:
-they can clean BUT
-they're unprofessional
-they'll charge you whatever they can get away with
-and their hourly rate is super expensive
Their cleaning is ok, but I would not recommend this service if you have children.  They were not accommodating to us.  My infant takes several 30 minute naps a day, and they insisted that I had to schedule either when he wasn't napping, or be charged extra for the time they had to wait for him to wake up.  Other cleaning services would just work around him, and then do his area when he woke.  They have a specific sequence of cleaning they feel they must follow.  It was too inflexible for us.  One good thing about this cleaner is that they do follow up and correct any problems you are unhappy with in the actual cleaning.  For instance, the second time they came,  they left a lot of the floors undone, coffee marks on the dressers, and didn't empty trash cans in the kitchen and upstairs.  When I complained, they did send someone back to redo it.  

Thankfully, cleaners are not hard to come by and I was able to find a ton of recommendations for house cleaners who are accommodating to families with children by looking through local parent listserves.
I can't say enough wonderful things about Eva!! 

I was moving into a new place - and I needed it cleaned like WOAH.  It was a bit of a disaster.  She came in - she was RIGHT on time - kept me informed and confirmed the appointment with me before hand.  She did a great job - they left not one speck of dust everywhere.  AND she was friendly! 

Additionally,  the rates are remarkably reasonable.  I seriously recommend them as housecleaners.  I understand that they have a numbef of other services - from personal assistant type of tasks to arranging for painters. I would use them over and over again.  In fact, I just might :) 

Seriously - use them to clean your space.  They are reasonable, friendly, helpful, and do a GREAT job.
Can't say enough good things about Eva!!  She cleaned a house I had just bought, a "move in" cleaning, and was so polite and responsive to my emails and questions about what the service provides (never hired cleaners before!)  She fit me in last minute, was on time and was so pleasant and fun to talk to that I really enjoyed having her there not to mention she did a very thorough job.  Even looked out for things that I should know about since I was brand new to the house.  I would use Keystone, especially Eva again!!

Also - their rate is competitive with other cleaning services I called so all around Keystone is perfect :)
I recently moved in to a new apartment that just wasn't up to my standards of cleanliness.   I reached out to Keystone Concierge and they immediately responded.  Eventually we set up a date--after they were ridiculously flexible given my crazy schedule--and I was counting down the days until they came.  Once they did it was amazing.  My apartment had reached levels of cleanliness I didn't know were possible.  I am so grateful and am so glad that Keystone is available!
Lori's natural communication and organization skills come in handy: she's the owner of Keystone Concierge, a concierge service that does anything you might not have time for, like administrative tasks, receiving packages during the day, or even finding a gift for a special occasion.

She's always willing to lend a hand, and knows the Philadelphia area well, having helped me find healthy places to eat. Need anything done? Check with Lori and her firm (see their web site too) to see what they can offer you.
The staff at Keystone Concierge was terrific.  They got back to me the day I called and were able to fit me into their schedule for a cleaning that same week.  My apartment was not only cleaned but organized, I was charged a reasonable fee, and Eva, the woman who cleaned my apartment, was extremely pleasant.  Definitely a business I will use again -- it was lovely to come home to a clean apartment and to contact a staff that was so responsive and helpful!
Needed a spring cleaning of my one-bedroom apt. Read other reviews on YELP and booked a first time cleaning. Scheduler suggested 2.5 hours and I asked for an early weekend appointment. Loved the professionalism! They called to confirm a week before, and they called when they were 5 mins late about arrival update (parking - were here in 5 more mins). Friendly two person team walked through my apt, listened to my concerns, and went to work. No judgement of my stovetop / pile of magazines / under-bed dust bunnies. Took care of it all. Finished early - and asked to me write a smaller (!) check so as not to charge me for the unused 30 mins. My kitchen has NEVER looked this good. Including getting stains out of counter-tops that had been there for two YEARS. Will be using them for apt maintenance and organizing in the future. Highly recommend.
They were on time and very professional, but the quality of cleaning was mediocre. I asked to give a good cleaning as I was having surgery the week after and needed the apartment to be as clean as possible. I have all hardwoods, but a small (4x6) carpet under my coffee table and (2x4) rug by my kitchen sink. They mopped the floor, but did not vacuum the carpet which was clearly filled with dog hair. Also, they failed to lift the small rug by the sink and instead mopped around it. They also did not vacuum any of the corners or pull out my garbage can or side tables to clean behind. I had to do a work over with my vacuum after they left. The bathroom looked great and they did do a very good scrubbing of the sink and shower, but for $66/hr I was expecting more concern to detail and more time spent. I rather they spent another 30 mins or so to get everything than just do a surface cleaning to make it look nice.
Keystone concierge provides valuable and helpful services.  They found me a great dog walker.

I recommend them (and the owner Lori) highly.
Excellent business with reliable staff ... ready and waiting to help. I hired Keystone to check on my house during a long vacation ... totally satisfied with their services and I had a little peace of mind knowing that all was well at the house.

I highly recommend Keystone Concierge!!!
I would give Lori even more yelp stars if I could!  Lori saved my mind and life when my husband and I moved from our house of 20 years. Little,  old,  arthritic me was on the freaking ropes and she saved the day! Her can do spirit  does not quit. She jumped in and  kept saying  to me, " Next!? Next ! " ( as in next job)  as she blazed though jobs I had been dreading for weeks. It's amazing to say something and it's done!

Do yourself a favor and call her for just about any  job imaginable.
Lori takes her service seriously and invests it with much pride and she's fun too ! A treasure! Thanks Lori, you're the best!
I did hear back about a week later from the owner, with a corrected invoice & an apology. I appreciate that, except lament that I had to write a review on yelp to get some attention. I have reconsidered but probably will not use them again in the future. I believe they need to bite the bullet and hire more people to take care of logistics/scheduling.
Thank you Lori for making my mother's 79th birthday a real treat.  A couple of years ago, my mother and I stopped at the Reading Terminal Market while on a cross country road trip.  My mother had a brisket sandwich from tommy dinics (who doesn't ship) and hasn't been able to forget it or find a close second ever since.  So how to surprise her and get it to her in CA when I live in NC? KEYSTONE CONCIERGE!  I contacted Lori with what I was looking for:  a surprise dinner with separate components to make 6 sandwiches, packed on ice and shipped overnight to CA.  Everything turned out perfectly making my mother (and her dinner guests) VERY happy!!  Communication was excellent with follow ups to make sure everything arrived in good shape (it did).  Online payment made the long distance transaction a snap.  Lori is a true professional, listening carefully and caring about getting it done right for her clients. Thank you, thank you, thank you!!
Don't waste your time. My major frustration with this company is NO ONE EVER PICKS UP THE PHONE. Every single time I have called during their office hours I have to leave a message. Incredibly frustrating. The housekeepers were 15 minutes late today so I called to find out if they were coming at all. Surprise, I needed to leave a message. I got a call back 15 minutes later saying they were on their way. So if they were running late, why didn't they call to let me know instead of waiting a half hour?
Seriously I'm over it. Moving on.
An underwhelming experience. We used Keystone Concierge for housecleaning. The cleaners arrived promptly, and had their own materials. However, they left the job unfinished. We'd asked for complete dusting, windows washed, all cabinets and drawers wiped clean, and for the oven and stove to be cleaned, on top of usual vacuuming and mopping. The stove wasn't fully cleaned, many of the windows were left untouched, all the ceiling fans went undusted, and none of the cabinets or drawers were cleaned out (and they were all already empty). We we contacted the owner, Lori, to express our dismay, she asked us for details and for a chance to come back and finish the job. But she never answered our emails or followed up after that.  We will be going elsewhere.

Update: After posting this review, the proprietor got back in touch with us to see how she could rectify the situation. We had the cleaners come back to re-do the job. This time, they spent 4+ hours making sure that everything was done to our satisfaction.
Talk about being on top of her game, Lori came by my shop today and informed me about all of the women in business groups that I should, and will, join. What a great connection. Her concierge service must be as amazing as her communication skills. Thanks Lori!
K.C. has cleaned my apartment twice now, and I couldn't be more pleased.  The prices are very competitive, and the customer service has been wonderful.  I was even able to text a last minute instruction on the day of my cleaning.  I came home to a beautiful apartment, and a note explaining that they had snaked the drain in my bathtub simply because it needed to be done.  I will absolutely use them again.
I am a property owner of an apartment and was looking for 'move-in move-out' cleaning service. My previous tenant had move out and needed the place ready for the new folks. They agent I spoke to guided me through the specifics of what would be clean which included the following for a two bedroom, one bathroom, and one kitchen apartment:

Fridge inside and out, and top
Side of fridge had grease and needed to be removed (cleaner really work hard on this)
Top of stove clean of dust
Kitchen fan hood wiped down from dust
Kitchen cabinets wiped down inside/out
Kitchen counter top wiped down (cleaner was really good and removed all spots)
Baseboard heaters wiped down
Bathtub clean
Medicine cabinet wiped down inside/out
Bathroom sink cleaned
Bedroom closets wiped down
Light switches wiped down to remove hand prints
Interior side of windows and window sill wiped down
Ceiling fan blades wiped down

I made the appointment one week ahead of time. Although they did not have a time slot available, the agent called me back and said she would move her schedule to work me in. I was thankful for that. The company text a day before to confirm appointment. They quoted me roughly 3-4 hours of work at $75/hour. Payment with receipt when work is complete in form of cash or check. They actually took 3 hours to do my place, for a total of $225, and I had the cleaners go back to wipe down some things until I was satisfied. So this earns them the 4 stars on Yelp. They really did work their a** off and I was happy I hired them. I tipped the cleaners for excellent service.

As a property owner, I will call them back again.
We called Keystone after trying several local housecleaning services who either failed to return phone calls, didn't show up, couldn't schedule us for many weeks, or overcharged us to a ridiculous extent.  Our experience with Keystone was such a pleasant surprise-  our phone calls were promptly returned, we were scheduled for a visit promptly, and we were 100% happy with the results of the cleaning.  Our house isn't easy to clean-  we have 3 floors plus a fully-finished basement, 3 kids and cats.  We couldn't be happier and will be using them again for sure and telling friends too!
I am an attorney with a small, local practice and I hired Lori to meet me at my client's home to notarize documents that I had prepared for them. The client needed the documents done quickly because he had to close on a house and travel overseas to assist his ailing father. Lori was punctual and efficient, and I would definitely use her services again.
I needed help overseeing a move, and Lori sprang into action after my call.  Dealing with the shenanigans dished out by a cut rate mover, Keystone was there at every step.  Highly recommended--made the process much easier.
After posting my last review, the staff at Keystone Concierge scheduled a second cleaning to address issues with our initial cleaning.  The team meticulously worked on our home.  They did a nice, thorough job, and we really appreciate Keystone Concierge's attention to customer service.  They're a very friendly group of people.
Look no further - call them to book your cleaning service! We called on short notice and she was able to juggle her schedule to fit us in. We had the movers come at 9am and needed someone to do a move-out cleaning the same day. They did a great job and made the place sparkling so we can get renters in this weekend. Thanks Lori - - will be calling you for the next job!
Lori is amazing - I needed an extremely last-minute move-in cleaning and was miraculously able to schedule with her for the next morning. Professional, friendly, efficient, and did a fantastic job on a pretty disgusting apartment. By the time they finished up I was actually excited for my move. Would absolutely recommend.
agree with prior reviews saying they can clean but are not reliable. Was referred by a friend so figured it would be reliable, however first time scheduled appointment no one showed up or called me until 75 minutes into the supposed appt time. I had taken off work to be there and it was too late for them to come. In their defense the owner called me and offered to give me 50% off the first cleaning. They came the next week and did a good job, however this was in early October and we still have not situated the invoice. They sent me an erroneous invoice on 10/15 (not reflecting the previously promised 50% off), I replied via email to fix it and never heard back until the same exact erroneous invoice was sent on 11/12  telling me I was late in paying it. Then I emailed again, called and spoke to someone who said they would fix it, then I get the same invoice today (that is still wrong). I called again, no one answered the phone as noted in previous reviewed, and still it has not been corrected. Not only did they bill me the wrong rate; but I was told in an email FROM THEM in October 2013 that philly care share gives 10% discount, and when I asked now why it wasnt applied, another employee responded saying they havent been a member with philly car share since 2011....they need to get all employees on the same page & need to get organized!! it is hard to believe anyone runs the company at all because i do not feel any ownership to prompt customer service. I was looking for a company to come every 2-3 weeks and as long as they were neutral/mediocre i was going to go with them, however now i will definitely be taking my business elsewhere and i recommend you do the same...
We recently started using Keystone Concierge for home cleaning services and could not be happier. They take pride in their work and are very easy to work with. If there is something you want special attention paid to, just ask and you shall receive. The fees for their services are almost unbeatable for what you are getting. I would be happy to recommend Keystone Concierge to all my friends and family, and certainly to other Philly Yelpers.
Lori and Adam did a fantastic job on short notice.  They were very accommodating with our schedule and very thorough with cleaning our house!  Friendly and trustworthy.
The services are fantastic from this company!   Lori and her crew are great.  I'd hire them again and again.
Adam and Sara did my first apartment cleaning and did an exceptional job.  Great communication from the beginning.  Prices are competitive.
I called them looking for a notary who could transfer a car title on a Saturday/Sunday. While I didn't end up using their services (car sold on Monday), they were friendly, extremely responsive, and did a great job responding to my inquiry.   In a documentation driven industry, it can be very difficult to find a place that is open outside normal operating hours.  They showed great flexibility in working with my schedule, and I would consider them for future title work that I needed notarized.
I heard about Keystone Concierge from a satisfied customer in line in front of me at Starbucks. What a serendipitous conversation! The first time they came, my condo hadn't been cleaned for AGES (I'm just not a housekeeper type). They did a fabulous job. Since then I have them come in every two weeks and they keep my place shiny and clean all while completely charming my grumpy old diabetic cat (who loves them so much that Lori is going to be taking care of him and his less grumpy young cat friend when I go on vacation). Punctual, friendly, and wonderfully efficient. I can't say enough about how much it means to me for the condo to be clean and cared for in a way I just can't keep up with. Reasonable price, too, for Center City.
