The Palomar is my favorite hotel in Philly. It's one of the best Kimpton properties I've experienced so far, with a lovely bar lounge, accommodating staff, and fast-as-crap elevators. (I know, random.)

Their suites are decorated with comfort in mind, all modern stylings and bright lighting. Throw in a soft, clean bed - let's not forget that jacuzzi (divine) - plus flatscreens in both the main room and bedroom.

If you're an InTouch member, be sure to snag a few items from the mini bar (any two items, up to a $10 value) for free.
I can successfully rebut any negative reviews of the Hotel Palomar with one simple statement: There is a leopard print robe in the closet.*

I don't care if the bellhop set your bag on fire and then dropped it down the elevator shaft, that robe means you have no cause for complaint. So your clothes are smoldering ashes in a basement you can't get to...wear the robe EVERYWHERE. I imagine most people found you uninteresting before, and now at least you have a conversation starter. 

That being said, I thoroughly enjoyed my stay here; the beds and bathrooms here are wonderful, and that's really what matters in a room for the night. 

I don't even think there are any negative reviews of the Palomar, because you really have to love a Kimpton Hotel. If you sign up for their rewards program, you can personalize your stay. Meaning, you'll always get the fluffy down pillows you want, there will be a NY Times sitting outside your door in the morning, and you'll get complimentary wireless internet.
_________

*Please note that there is also a zebra print robe; I'm just more of a leopard guy. And if you think there aren't 10-12 pictures of me in that robe, in various poses, making various faces, then I don't think you know who you're dealing with.
I've always been a fan of Kimpton Properties - cute, boutique-like hotels in prime areas of major cities. Having stayed in a few, I've found some consistencies that I can rely on: lots of art deco accents, very friendly staff, smallish rooms, comfy beds and a complimentary wine hour in the lobby from 5-6pm. 

While I was disappointed that I couldn't check into my room until 4pm, I couldn't blame them for having a busy weekend...it just complicated my schedule a bit. The elevators are slower than snails...at one point I waited on the 20th floor with my suitcase for 15 minutes. I had finally picked up the phone to call the lobby when it finally arrived full to the brim with people and luggage. Eek. 

My room didn't have a refrigerator and the set up was a bit strange...long ziggy hallway and a tiny room area. I ended up bruising both shins trying to shimmy around the bed. The view was nice though and the L'Occitane bath products are always wonderful. 

Overall, Palomar is a lovely place to stay in Philly. Only a stones throw from Rittenhouse Square and smack dab in the center of fab shopping and restaurants, you probably won't be spending too much time in the hotel anyway!
I always feel uneasy traveling to a city I don't know by myself, but my stay at Hotel Palomar Philadelphia completely made me feel at ease. It had all the fun amenities that I have come to expect at Kimpton hotels: Free WiFi, $10 mini bar credit (when you sign up to be an In Touch Member, which is completely free and easy to do), fluffy robes, C&O Bigelow bath products, wine o' clock happy hour, and a yoga mat so I could get some life affirming stretches in before I started my day. 

I even got my dog fix in due to the hotel being pet friendly! So many puppies came up and sat next down to me when hanging out in their lobby begging for a scratch underneath their chin...I was in total heaven.

As an insomniac and someone who just watched "The Conjuring" I was afraid that I would not be able to sleep but the bed was so comfy that I slept like a baby. I couldn't figure out how to turn off the beside lamp though...but that's ok...I'm pretty sure it kept all of the historic city ghosts from bothering me that night.

The hotel is centrally located and walkable to many restaurants, shops and sights. Even more so, all the staff that I interacted with from the front desk to the bell hop to the maids were extremely friendly and helpful. 

Kudos to Kimpton once again!
A nice hotel lobby is like a fabulous appetizer: it may warm you up, cool you off, ease  ya in and give you a nice preview of what's to come.

The Palomar's lobby does just that. It's beautiful but not ornate. The accents are unique and even a wee bit quirky - in the most classy and subtle ways. 

Although I checked in around midnight, the staff was alert, engaging and welcoming. My car was swiftly valeted to overnight parking and the rest was the breeze. 

My room was also quite lovely - dark woods (love), modern bath and like ol' reliable Kimpton's are, you'll have your choice of fluffy animal print robes waiting for you in the closet. I will warn you however - my room was definitely on the smaller side. The bed took up the majority of the room, with just a bit of room on each side to walk. 

Although I did not have a chance to check out the bar downstairs, I did order some breakfast in the morning which was a bit of a disappointment. My hash browns were cold and they sent me multi-grain bread instead of wheat. (Slight distinction, but big difference!) There was no complimentary side of ketchup nor an additional glass of water, which is typically customary when ordering juice. Just something to keep in mind.

Definitely check to see if there are any special promos before you book, because you might be able to score a better deal on a room.


Overall though, I had a great experience here and would definitely return!
If you have a little rugrat like I do (65 LB DOG)... this hotel is a paradise.  No size or breed restrictions.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/A9El2DdT9Qx2tfFc_f279A?select=CR8VFQxiC2DE7uVLeb9a8g

There is so much personal attention.  My dog got a treat when she entered the hotel.  Her name was written in chalk right next to the water bowls outside of the hotel.

What would a trip be without some Zebra and Leopard print robes?

The popcorn with citrus salt and truffle oil from the hotel restaurant (Square 1682) was delish!  http://www.yelp.com/biz/square-1682-philadelphia

Notes:
- Free happy hour from 5PM to 6PM.
- $40 per day for valet parking.  Free in and out.
- Free WIFI if you're part of the intouch loyalty program.

KIMPTON - Thanks for making my very first stay at your hotel amazing.

Boutique.  Classy.  Personal Attention.  Dog Friendly.  Amazing.
No detail is left untouched at Hotel Palomar Philadelphia. The sexiest and most understated feature sits quietly begging to be used: a leather strapped headboard.

Rawr. 

Good. 

Now that we've gotten that out of the way we can talk about the zebra and leopard print robes. They are more humorous than anything else. Definitely not sexy. Keep it simple, keep it white, keep it classy Kimpton!

Thanks. 

Now that I've gotten that off of my chest, I can talk about how I love, love, love, fell in love with this hotel. They are all about service!

My friends brought their dog to Hotel Palomar and Hotel Palomar rolled out the red carpet. They wrote the dog's name in chalk over the water bowls outside and gave her a treat every time she passed by. She was petted, greeted, and acknowledged better than a celebrity. Mind you, this was not a frou frou Tinkerbell type rat dog. This was a dog who is normally feared but has a heart of gold. How I love this dog and love Hotel Palomar for being so accommodating and welcoming to pets.

Not only did Hotel Palomar go the extra mile for everything, they were really genuine and friendly. I was hanging out during Happy Hour and got the last hors d'oeuvre samosa. I raved to my friend how good it was and when Chef George Cook overheard me, he brought out a fresh batch for my friends to try. Not only that, he had complimentary citrus salt popcorn with truffle oil sent up to the room at an hour of our choice. 10 PM thank you.

So imagine this: a boutique hotel with decor trendier and sleeker than Ian Schrager's lost notes, world class service, noms that'll make you wanna nom nom nom, and a rockin' bed that'll give you the best night's sleep... I don't know what you are waiting for. Click reserve now. Go back to paragraph one.

Rawr.
I stayed at the The Jefferson Hotel in DC and thought that no hotel will ever measure up again. Ever. While that still holds true, at least the Kimpton Palomar comes close.  Very close.

Usually quite out of my price range, I stumbled upon a great price for a Sunday night stay.  The King Spa City-view room on the 18th floor..... which I was was told is the floor with the high ceilings.  The views from the Jacuzzi tub were amazing day and night and I never put down the curtains (no need, really).  Throw a LUSH bomb into that pool of a tub and just R E L A X.  No LUSH bomb? No problem. Glass jar of bath salts with a little wooden scoop are provided for your use.

Free coffee and tea in the lobby in the mornings.  Had the bf run next door for some Federal Donuts, then he grabbed coffee from the lobby and we stayed in the tub through breakfast.

Exceptional staff in all areas.  Rooms are immaculate.  Beds, linens, mattresses all A++++.  I want to move in and never leave.  

Can't wait to go back.... and I just left!
I was recommended to hang my hat here while in town for a wedding in Philly. It's located in the heart of the city which made it a great pick for this particular wedding where festivities were happening at spots all around. 

We shared a double room with another couple. The room was cozy, but still comfortable enough for four of us. We were out and about most of the day, but I did check out the daily free wine hour in the lobby which was a fun perk! There's also a restaurant connected to the hotel if you want to grab a convenient bite or room service.

The staff was very friendly and it was easy to store our bags the day of checkout while we still had time to explore. I also appreciated the text prior to our arrival which made it easy to make any special requests. 

I would definitely stay here again if I found myself in Philadelphia!
First time here, read a LOT of reviews about this place many good some bad.  First impression...no doorman out front so you have to drag your stuff into the hotel.  Once inside, it looks like the bar immediately to right, never complain about that, and the checkin desk to the left in the back.

I got Jennifer as my checkin Consierge and she has been nothing less then AWESOME!!!!  She got us a pretty decent room with a king bed, she says it is a bigger room then one with just a single queen, it's not the Presidential Suite I requested when I talked to another young lady at the desk before our arrival but it will definitely do for our time here.

We did ask for the mini bar to be emptied so we can use the fridge and the gentlemen was up here very quickly to take care of that for us.  Two other issues were the fridge was not getting cold and the in room safe was not working.  Engineering was up here in less then 3 minutes to address both issues...I have never had service of this caliber....so far this place is amazing, the staff are all amazing and so far, I highly recommend this place.  I've travelled a lot and have stayed in many 5 star establishments and this hotel has had the friendliest and most efficient staff I have ever seen.  KUDOS to the GM here, leadership, attitude & personality starts from the top and he is top notch.
My husband and I stayed at the Kimpton Hotel for a single night a couple of weeks ago when we made a quick trip up to Philadelphia. The location was perfect. We didn't have a car and were able to walk everywhere we wanted to go for the day. The service was also great; everyone at the front desk was lovely. I got a good deal on the room on Hotels.com (about $250 for a king deluxe room), which was pretty fancy for us (we're usually as-long-as-its-clean budget people who would rather spend money on food than on accommodations). A minor complaint is just that the rooms don't quite have the style of the lobby/shared spaces. My real complaint was the noise. There were some young people (I sound ancient as I write this, but we're in our mid-thirties, and my husband thought they looked like teenagers, but they might have been early 20s/college-age too - who can tell?) on our floor and they were gathering in the hallway and were really loud. My husband had to go out into the hallway and ask them to be quiet (they were nice about; I don't think they knew how loud they were being) and they mostly were after that, but it did kind of put a damper on our fancy night in a hotel in Philadelphia. Everything else was nice, though, so I'd stay here again for the location and customer service and just ask for a floor with older visitors haha!
Helloooo Palomar! 
Start wearin Purple, thinkin Purple.....
This hotel was just wonderful to us on our trip. Excellent service from beginning to end. The front desk staff even allowed us to see their presidential sweet that has the most amazing bathroom ever. 
Our room was lovely as it was on the corner so we had a great view of the city. We enjoyed playing in our animal print robes, sleeping in a comfy bed and just being satisfied with the space at an affordable rate. 

The location of this hotel is perfectly in the center of downtown and I would say you really cant go wrong with this hotel.
Now, I am somewhat of a hotel whore, because it seems that my job takes me to a different hotel each week. As a makeup artist, I am able to get the inside scoop on most places without staying there. I think I may start a list on hotels. 
Anyway, this place is AMAZING!!! They did an amazing job with the remodel of this old building. The Art Deco decor is just simply stunning! The elevators are even beautiful. The rooms are clean and gorgeous. I really cannot use enough adjectives to describe just how nice this place is. 

The service is also great. They have valet parking, a full service bar and food too. Great views of the city to boot! 

I wanna live here!
My husband and I just checked out of this hotel this morning, and I felt I should share my less than pleasant experience.

First, we came to town because my husband ran the Philadelphia half marathon at 7:30am this morning. Which meant, we had to be up around 6am. Upon check-in everything was smooth except for the shift managers less than friendly welcome, as he looked upon my husband with disgust that our dogs were pretty active. Yes, they had just come out of a car ride from DC with major traffic along the way.

However, we were quite impressed with the hotel aesthetics -- beautiful lobby, hallways, and our room was very clean and comfortable. The reason we chose this hotel above others was location, but above all, comfort and convenience.

So last night my husband and I went out to dinner at a local Italian spot. After returning my husband went to bed due to early morning, and I left to take out our two bulldogs. Upon returning, the initial door that connected our room and the room next to ours was closed. I tried my key, but it did not work. I immediately headed downstairs to lobby, with our two dogs, to detail the situation to the concierge at the front desk. INCLUDING info such as: there is an initial door that links our room and some other room and it is closed, the fact that I could not access my personal door, and this door was not closed prior to this instance.

To make this short: she was less than helpful. There was a total of FIVE times I had to go up and down from the lobby to indicate that the key still did not work. Eventually, on fourth try, she sent maintenance up with me, and they realized the door had been closed because there was a failure to put A) a sign saying "do not close" or B) door stopper or C) don't enable the door to auto lock. Maintenance couldn't even get it open. This resulted in about 30 total minutes of elevator rides for me up and down from the lobby. Couldn't this be solved faster in this supposed 4 diamond hotel? Sure, but she didn't want to actively problem solve, and either did the manager.

Anyways, I went down to lobby to talk to the manager on duty after waking my husband up on 5th try, and this all fell on deaf ears. Kind of a "what do you want me to do?" response, all the way around. I was infuriated and totally let down, I thought I was staying in a hotel that caters to its clients, NO.

So, I was ready to get out of there this morning after the marathon, thank god! After the race we immediately pack our things and head down to the lobby to check out -- never to return. As I am handing over the keys, the Front Office Manager named Matthew O'Toole comes out from behind the front desk and asks to speak to me, and personally apologize. We speak for about 10 minutes, and he seems sympathetic to my situation, and said it was essentially inexcusable. 

I vented my frustrations in detail, and he said he wanted to make it right. He then offers to make the previous night complimentary, and perhaps another night IF we were willing to stay and give it another try. I said I wasn't sure if we did want to, so I went outside to discuss it with my husband. We agreed, yes, we would stay another night and let them make it right. On that note, Matthew checks our bag and we went out to lunch with our dogs while we waited for the new (supposedly upgraded) room to be cleaned.

Upon returning, my husband is thoroughly tired and ready to lay down. The first thing that Matthew says to me is "here is what we are going to do for you, we will honor same rate and give you $75.00 off your stay." WHAT?! First of all, I didn't ask or want to stay another night -- it was his invite. Secondly, he said he would take care of the first night for the horrendous inconvenience I experienced. Total, classic, bait and switch. Clearly, he went to his boss while we were at lunch and as many corporate crappy hotels go -- they denied everything he had offered to us because he is a lower level manager who obviously made promises he couldn't keep. I asked to speak to someone above him to the response of "I'm in charge here." Great.

To boot, he was condescending and rude about it. The phrase "So you expected to stay for free?" was bounced around a couple times in a very busy lobby. I am literally disgusted. I have received much better customer service at hotels of less caliber.
On par with the other Palomar Hotels I've frequented in Dallas, Atlanta and Chicago the Philadelphia Palomar is clean, slight flunky, spacious and has a nice gym.  And on the weekend I stayed there I was lucky enough to have the gym all to myself!

I was a bit disappointed not to receive a gift for being a Kimpton In Touch member. In the past, I've been greeted with fruit plates, bags of sweedish fish (my fave gift to date) and even a cute little card telling me to take what I'd like from the mini bar. Spoil me, Philly!

However, I think what may have been more disappointing was the fire alarm that went off around midnight on a Saturday night, just as I was getting into bed.  I climbed down almost all 19 flights of stairs with my friendly Palomar neighbors when they announced it had just been a problem with a toaster oven! And then I turned around and climbed up the 19 floors again...remind me to stay on the 2nd floor next time! Whew- at least I worked off some of a very yummy yet fattening dinner!

Regardless of the issues I had a very nice stay here and wouldn't hesitate to book the Philadelphia Palomar again. Next time I'll just request a room on a lower floor!
**4 stars for accommodations, but an extra star for customer service**

During the holidays, I decided to get out of the Big Apple and spend the holidays in a quieter city with less people (1.5 million vs. 8.4 million). The concrete jungle is really getting to this butterfly that doesn't like to be caged.

Kimpton Hotels are well known for their hotel chain, so I decided to give it a whirl and it was a great experience. This hotel is located in the heart of Philly and you are steps away from the posh Rittenhouse Square district and everything is close at hand and within walking distance. 

The lobby is sleek and hip. There is also a fireplace in the lobby. Just FYI, this hotel is very pet friendly and if you love canines, this is a place for you and all your doggie lovelies. From 5-6pm every night in the lobby, there is complimentary wine for the guest. And during the rest of the day for the holidays, there is complimentary hot cocoa with candy canes and salted caramel candies to enjoy. 

The room is smaller than my expectations, but it had all the necessities. Complimentary shampoo, conditioner, body wash, lotion, cotton swabs, cotton balls, hair dryer, robes, iron, ironing board and yoga mat available. There was no in-room coffee maker, or complimentary water bottles. I stayed on the 7th floor and ice machine only located on the 4th floor. Stocked snack and goody bar available in refrigerator. FRED 33.8 oz water will cost you $7!

The hotel does not have a business center, so when I needed to print out a few things, the front desk was happy to help. 

While leaving Philly, I checked my bags for a few hours prior to departure, however, when I reclaimed my bags and was well on my way to the train station, I realized my phone was missing and my heart sank. There was no way for me to return to the hotel to check if my phone was there as I had to catch a train back to NYC. But luckily, when I called the hotel when I got home, they informed me they found my phone! Christy, the manager, was very apologetic that the phone did not make it with me back to NYC, but she was very accommodating and helpful. She offered to FedEx my phone (no charge to me) on the next business day! I am happy to say I have received my phone and hassles avoided. 

I would highly recommend this hotel if you're staying in Philly. Excellent customer service and convenient location.
This Kimpton Hotel in Philadelphia is in a great location within walking distance to many shops, restaurants, and attractions.  We stayed here for a weekend in Philly and was a great central hub for all of the places we visited.

When you first walk in, the lobby is pretty spectacular, if you like dark, woody decor.  The front desk is hidden behind a pillar, and the staff was helpful in explaining the room choice and amenities.

The room itself was pretty small.  There was a small foyer leading into the room with a bed and mini bar.  The bathroom was also kind of small as well with little room for two.  It served its purpose, but was hoping for a bit more space.  That's the nature of downtown hotels sometimes, though.

Service was hit or miss.  The doorman sometimes was playing on his phone rather than opening the door for people.  We walked by and his reaction was like "oh crap".  Different doormen were more than gracious and were always there to get the door or help with a bag.

They did have an evening wine reception which was nice.  After a day of sightseeing and shopping, we came back to them giving out free glasses of wine.  It was an unexpected surprise.  Also, for IHG Reward Members, they gave out a mini-bar credit.

I'm not sure if I'd stay here again.  Maybe if the price was right, I would, but the bang for the buck just wasn't there for me.
there's a modern, high-brow element to the kimpton hotels that you just don't get elsewhere. and for $269/night, they better keep it classy.

the rooms at the philly palomar are small, new york city small; like so small, i couldn't completely open the minibar without banging into the bed. but what they lack in space, they make up for in amenities. beds are large and comfortable, showers are clean and spacious, and if you're a kimpton member, you get to raid the well-stocked minibar for brand-name snacks and alcohol. the hotel itself is funky and colorful, with busts of ben franklin greeting you by registration and decals of fireplaces decorating the elevators. 

i was in town for a company event, and what i ended up appreciating most was the 24-hour room service. there's a limited menu from 11pm-6am, but it's got everything you need. after working through dinner, i couldn't have been happier to find out that i could still get a meal at midnight. 

when you pay top dollar, you get top service. from an iphone charger to a comfy robe to a midnight BLT, the palomar has what you want.
Efficient business type hotel, somewhat colorless food, and rooms. Staff people are friendly, but look out for the barking dogs heard while in your hotel room - they are next door. Pet friendly means dogs are staying too. I would not stay again for this reason, but others may like this option.
I really can't think of anything bad to say about this hotel.
+ Dog friendly
+ Free happy hour
+ Beautiful room
+ Even more beautiful bathroom
+ Great location

In my best Ferris Bueller voice, "It is so choice. If you have the means, I highly recommend it"
Love this hotel. Always a great option to stay in Philly. Centrally located in center city. Close to Rittenhouse square, Love park and a lot of major restaurants. 

The staff is friendly and helpful. The rooms are clean and comfortable. Some have spectacular views of skyscrapers. 

They have a cool happy hour special from 5-6 where they offer complimentary white and red wine and seasonal spiked apple cider. They also bring out popcorn during that time. 

Few notes: they put a $75 hold per night for room service, parking, etc. (it is refunded if you don't use any services). Another note, valet is $50 a night.
I recently stayed at the Palomar in Philly with some of my girlfriends to have a fun weekend in the city. I can honestly say I was excited to stay at the Palomar and the stay lived up to my expectations. 

Upon walking into the hotel my friend and I were greeted with free wine and a summer cocktail in the hotel lobby (yesssss). I had previously read on Yelp that the wine reception was from 5-6 so being that it was only 3:30 I was pleasantly surprised. As we waited in the lobby for the rest of our friends we sat munching on popcorn left for the guests. I don't really care for popcorn but was hungry and decided to take advantage of a free snack. The popcorn was sooo good, so deliciously and dangerously good. The popcorn was seasoned with salt and truffle oil. After a while I had to sit myself on the opposite side of the lobby so I was not near the popcorn. 

The room was small but clean and very nicely decorated. There were two queen beds, a small desk, flat screen television, mini bar and refrigerator. Inside the closet were two robes, one zebra printed and the other cheetah. The robes were not the softest, they were actually very itchy but kept me warm when hanging out in the hotel room later that evening. 

My friends and I returned from our night out we wanted some late night snacks. We decided to order room service off the late night menu. The late night menu is limited but we were able to find a snack for everyone's liking. Upon ordering we were told the wait would be about 45 minutes to an hour. Disappointed in the wait we decided to not order take out but the employee insisted on bringing us another menu of a local place that delivers to the hotel and that would be the fastest way to get food. He hand delivered us the menu which was a really nice gesture. Unfortunately nothing on that particular menu stood out so we called back and the same man took our food order. Most ordered the three cheese grilled cheese with tomato bisque soup and I ordered the cheese pizza. All the food was good and satisfying enough for 2:30 in the morning. 

The service at the hotel was outstanding our entire visit. Many employees helped bring our bags to the room and to our car again when leaving. There was a wardrobe emergency before heading to dinner and we were saved with a small sewing kit from concierge. Each time I we walked in and out of the hotel a doorman was there to greet and open to the door for us. The staff really goes out of their way to make their guests feel special and taken care of.
I love this hotel. Hotel Palomar, located in the super vibrant Rittenhouse Square area was exceptional in all aspects, phenomenal customer service with beautiful and large rooms with a comfortable bed and spacious bathroom. 

I've certainly not always been loyal to one particular hotel chain (rare exceptions such as the JW Marriott) but right now I'm a huge fan of Kimpton's if not only for their member benefits. 

For sure, before booking, you should sign up to be a Kimpton reward members. You'll likely get a cheaper rate also when you book directly through them. As members, you get free wifi, join in the complimentary wine receptions everyday at 5, $10 minibar credit and have a free bike rental (sadly we didn't take advantage of this since I forgot) 

I chose for us to have a city view room - definitely worth it as there was such a lovely view of the city at night and a great view to wake up to. 

I can't say better things for this hotel - I believe I will be a loyal Kimpton member now due to the great experience and stay we had here.

Oh and that robe that everyone raves about? No leopard robe this time, but the robe that IS in the the room is awesome.
There are so many pluses about this hotel like the location, the comfy beds, the rooms, the staff. I've stayed in several Kimptons and I enjoy the constants like the free wine happy hour. Sadly, this time I wasn't wowed. The elevators were so slow that I thought at least one of them must be broken. I called for room service and had a less than stellar experience but once I let the staff now, it was removed from my bill. 

I wasn't able to check in early and that's understandable but I needed to get my luggage and they'd taken it upstairs so it took a little longer to get my luggage and sometimes you just don't have time to spare. 

I'd definitely give this place another chance though because between the location, the bed, and L'Occitane they've earned it.
A beautiful hotel- ambiance & service are impeccable, and they are even pet friendly (including a welcome package for your poochie pal).  Nice restautante on site as well.
We had a wonderful experience here. We were coming for my husband's birthday and he's a simple guy, so I was really looking for a hotel room that would be perfectly relaxing and high quality. I scoured the internet for over a week including booking 2 other rooms that I ended up cancelling (one at the Ritz.) My ultimate idea was that I would get so much more for less money at Palomar and that is exactly what happened. 
We only stayed for one night, and I splurged on the 1 bedroom suite. There was plenty of space, TVs in both rooms, and a giant bathroom with a huge, really deep jacuzzi tub. Since we were looking for relaxation away from the toddler there were 2 wonderful bubble baths taken. It was so perfect to have that option in the suite after a really cold day walking around and sightseeing in town. My main thing in hotels is cleanliness and a general sense that the property is being taken care of, and this room was in great shape. Again the rate for this room, although a bit pricey, was about $200 less than the rate at the Ritz, where we would not have had a suite and definitely not a tub. 
The service went above and beyond which was the cherry on top of a great stay. We were getting ready for dinner when there was a knock on our door with a gift for my husband's birthday. I'm thinking a little note and maybe a champagne toast but no - they brought us the whole bottle on ice and a huge slice of surprisingly good chocolate cake! It was really sweet and unexpected. I'm not sure if they had a note from the time of booking or noticed on his license at check in but I really appreciated such a welcoming gesture. If I could immediately redo the entire weekend in Philly, I would, starting with the Palomar.
Just AMAZING staff and service!  And the digs weren't too shabby, either. :)  We stayed at the Palomar this past Christmas weekend, strictly because we weren't celebrating Christmas this year (my beloved Mom had recently passed), which I mentioned in a very brief note when I made the reservation. Well, when we arrived, and after the awesome, friendly, warm, and professional Samuel checked us in, and we went to our room - the Manager had left us a note expressing condolences and had given us a bottle of wine, a bottle of high-end mineral water, and some famed Palomar Square 1682 (hotel restaurant) popcorn. :)  Talk about caring...

Anyway, the room was gorgeous, with one caveat: it was an adjoining room and we weren't joining anyone. AND there was a screaming-all-night infant in the offending room. The front desk couldn't move us Friday night (all booked), but the fabulous Danita moved us the very next morning to an extremely quiet, non-adjoining room on a "well-known" Palomar quiet floor (21). Now, that Danita did that was great...but guess what else she did? When we entered the room, there was a sweet, sweet note from Danita, two wine glasses, and, you guessed it: another bottle of wine. lol I immediately called down to thank her, and, OMG - she's the epitome of what a hotel guest services representative should be. Warm, smart, funny, professional, caring, and down-to-earth - we LOVE Danita! :D

Everything we wanted was delivered to us in a very pretty and caring package.

Although the bed was a tad firmer than I like (and I love me some firm beds), and the first adjoining room was a bit of a pain (read - specify a non-adjoining room)...the quiet, the gorgeous, well-appointed decor, the view, the staff, the incredible location, and the service more than made up for those little negatives.

I highly recommend  the Palomar (and Danita and Samuel). :)

PS Be SURE to join the Kimptons reward program before you check in and you'll get $10 off the minibar or the restaurant, FREE Wi-Fi, and $30 off an in-room massage. Worth it!
Exact rating 4.51 stars due to minor issues (details below), rounded to 5 stars. I'm nearing the end of a 7-day stay. I am an IHG Club Spire Elite & Kimpton Inner Circle member, and I made my room reservation online on the hotel website. Because I'd requested early check-in, I called the hotel to tell them that it didn't matter to me whether my room had 1 bed or 2, or what bed sizes were.

My hotel stays are work-related, and during my stays at most IHG hotels, I draw additional guests: clients who fly in and stay at the hotel for stays concurrent w/mine so that they can meet w/me. One reason why I choose Kimpton hotels from the IHG lineup is b/c most Kimptons offer plenty of quiet seating spaces in common areas where I can meet w/clients.

Here are some notes regarding my stay, in no particular order:

-- WiFi is excellent. WiFi signal strength & speed in my 18th floor room was great.

-- I'd requested early check-in of 11:30 AM when I made the reservation; I arrived at the hotel to find my room ready; check-in was prompt.

-- Rooms, hallways and all common spaces are bright, spotlessly clean and neat, spacious, well-lighted and airy. Hallways are wide!

-- Unexpectedly, I had a significant problem w/noise in my room, perhaps the first time I've experienced this issue at ANY IHG hotel (even low-end inexpensive IHG hotels). 85% of the noise problem was due to the flimsy connecting doors btw. my room & adjacent room. All sounds from the adjacent room (talking, movement, TV) came unimpeded through the flimsy connecting doors (both were closed & locked) into my room. These doors offer very little soundproofing. I discussed this issue w/management & was told that all connecting doors had been "upgraded" during a soundproofing project done 1.5 yrs. ago. Well, I can tell you that the project FAILED! I suspect that most of the complaints I see from other reviewers about hearing noise from other rooms is due to this connecting door issue!

-- My room was clean & fairly bright. One strange issue: All 3 lamps w/dimmer knobs had LED bulbs installed, and all flickered annoyingly (no, this was not due to dirty AC power; I checked); not sure whether this was due to defective LED bulbs or to the fact that these LED bulbs (all same model) were not designed to be used w/dimmers. I duly reported this problem to the Engineering team, along w/ some suggestions re cause & remedy.

-- Although this hotel technically does not have any concierges, the guest services team, same as at most other Kimptons, is more than willing to perform such services: I asked for a concierge to run out and buy me 4 large jugs of spring water for my stay, and staff handled this request well.

-- Housekeepers are very helpful and friendly.

-- Bathroom in my King Cityview Deluxe room was clean and fairly roomy, but smaller than in most other Kimptons. BTW, I always had plentiful hot water in the shower at all hours. 

-- Like many other Kimptons, this hotel offers a great deal re green housekeeping: for every day that a guest opts out of housekeeping services (via doorknob sign), their account is credited $10 toward meal charges! I love this, b/c I'm green & minimalist when it comes to housekeeping.

-- Lobby seating space was less plentiful & far less comfy/plush than I'd expect for any Kimpton, much less one of this size. Specifically, the lobby seating options were largely not very comfortable, did not afford privacy for individual seating areas, and worse, the lobby was often quite cold (the lobby was so cold that the front desk staff used a portable electric heater!). I always notice this kinda thing, b/c I often wish to use lobby seating space to meet w/clients during my stays. Worse, the limited lobby seating space was often quite quite crowded & noisy.

-- All staffers that I encountered during my stay, including front desk staffers, managers, housekeepers, engineers & restaurant staff, were very helpful & attentive.

-- As many other reviewers have noted, elevators are a PROBLEM: This hotel has 25 floors and a basement level. There are 4 guest elevators, and one service elevator for staff. While the 4 guest elevators are individually fast, the 4 elevators are simply not sufficient, at most hours of the day & evening, to handle the massive elevator traffic, and thus you can end up waiting many minutes for an elevator to arrive, even at lobby level. VERY FRUSTRATING! Part of the problem is that the one service elevator is not sufficient for a hotel of this size, so staffers often use guest elevators, compounding the speed problem even further. This hotel badly needs at least 2 more guest elevators, and one more staff elevator (kitchen elevator doesn't count: it serves only G & B levels).

-- I requested, and received, a loaner fridge & microwave oven, both were clean & useful.

-- Bottom line: This is a workable & "doable" hotel for my needs, but just barely. It is not really a true Kimpton hotel, but rather a "Kimpton wannabe", due to issues.
Great hotel right off of Rittenhouse Square in Center City. You want convenience, friendly service, a top hotel room - you've got it ! You need to bring your doggy too, not a problem, they've got you covered, and even offer comp. dog treats and water to the dogs walking by. Prices are comparible to local upscale hotels, but this place has been friendlier and more accomidating in my experience. This is the place to be in CC . Free wifi included. Restaurant is fine for drinks, would not recommend dinner.
Beautiful, chic, intimate and Oh-So Romantic, is how I would describe this lovely "Kimpton" Boutique Hotel.  I especially love the little cozy sitting areas just off the lobby/reception.  The staff will do whatever they can to accomodate you short of ironing your shirt.  And for those of you who enjoy a nice cocktail (or 2, or 3--you lushes know who you are, LOL) before dinner, there is a wine reception nightly from 5 to 6pm in the lobby.  I personally love a good boutique hotel and Kimpton (usually) never disappoints.  Philly's Palomar boasts a great location (right across from another great hotel, The Sofitel), in close proximity to lots of great restaurants (including their own) and shops.  Please note that some rooms can be small so if you need space, request a corner room.  And Oh, I absolutely love the luxurious L'Occitane toiletries.

Can't go wrong with Kimpton.  And join the club, it's free.
I recently stayed here and enjoyed every aspect of this property. Okay, well, almost everything. The one thing -- a trivial matter -- was the very slow and limited elevator service. It often took awhile for elevators to be available. Alright, now that I've disclosed the one flaw, I can continue with a glowing review. 

Conveniently located at 17th & Sansom, Hotel Palomar sits on a very busy and bustling corner of Center City. Palomar is near the Shops at Liberty Place and the city's best high-end shopping. I was impressed by how close it was to many major attractions yet it felt as if it were a safe distance from tourist central (particularly near Old City). For me, the most important factor was the proximity to Reading Terminal Market (okay fine, a tourist attraction -- but one I make exceptions for). Philly is delightfully a "small big city" which to me is a plus. I love major cities that have "small town" charms... and that's Philly in my eyes. Every time I've visited, I've noticed how walkable the city is (especially in the fall!). You can hit up the Gayborhood, Old City, Rittenhouse Square, and the French Quarter within minutes. Hotel Palomar's central-ish location allows you to do that.

The hotel itself is handsomely appointed. Rich, deep, and bold colors (purples, reds, grays) facilitate a sense of luxury. It also helps that the building itself has "old Philly" bones; Palomar is the rehabilitated occupant. I stayed in a king bed spa suite. The jacuzzi and shower was sizable and had a direct view of the city... which was cool to know, but I still wanted to keep the shutters down! Nobody needs to see ALL of me! There is a gym on the 4th floor -- which is also where you get your ice just as an FYI. The restaurant, Square 1682, was frequently busy. Admittedly, I often ignore hotel restaurants (which many proprietors fear), but stopped in solo my last night for a glass of rose and a snack. If you check in on Yelp, they offer complimentary truffle popcorn (delicious!). I also ordered fried pickled cauliflower which I thought was absolutely brilliant. I highly recommend it! It was like tempura battered cauliflower, but because the veggies were pickled, it had an unexpected tartness and moistness as well. 

The staff were all very professional and knowledgable. The doormen always held the door open and welcomed me back (I was there for five days after all. I felt as if I had a personal relationship with the doormen at this point!) Housekeeping was also very friendly and always accommodated my requests for additional items like lotion or laundry bags. Two of the housekeeping staff even left "Have a nice stay!" notes which added a nice touch to things. 

On a final note -- and not related to the hotel service or aesthetics itself -- Palomar is right across the street from a Federal Donuts (just sayin'!) (get the hot donuts!) and located on the same block is Dizengoff (amazing hummus!). Let's just say I went to both venues more than once and enjoyed these goodies in the comforts of my delightful hotel bed. True story.
I recently had a horrible experience here. On 6/6/21 I had arranged for my parents to stay here as part of their 30th anniversary celebration. Upon arrival the staff incorrectly told them that their reservation had been cancelled. My parents then called me which led to my being on the phone with management until they finally realized that the reservations still existed and were valid. In booking the reservation early, I provided a credit card to both hold the room and be used for payment. The day before the anniversary I called just to make sure everything was fine and to specifically add my fathers name to the reservation so there was no confusion when my parents tried to check-in. They told me they did but they lied. So because the names didn't match up the hotel continually insisted they were committing fraud! Even after speaking with me on the phone, the card holder, they refused to let me pay for my parents hotel stay. After about an hour of debate and embarrassment my father acquiesced and agreed to pay for the stay himself. Absolutely awful. To make things worse, I called the hotel after all was said and done to express my displeasure and was lied to again. They said they would have something nice sent up to my parents room to rectify the situation and I later found out from my parents that they received nothing. I've stayed here many times and always had good experiences. I hold no malice towards the hotel itself. My sole purpose in writing this review is to call attention to the people that were working at the front desk that day and hope that this doesn't happen to anyone else. This is an excellent hotel but what happened that day was unacceptable.
Stayed here for one night for a bachelorette party and the hotel was extremely clean and well equipped. Every staff member that we encountered was kind and helpful. The room had a well stocked mini fridge and (my personal highlight) full sized shampoo, conditioner, and body wash bottles. The rooms were well taken care of for the most part and check out was painless. 

My only issues with this hotel were that one of the phones in the room was broken, the elevators only seemed to be running one of the 4 so wait times and crowding were painful, and the valet was 50$ per night as compared to other garages that were around 35$ only a block away. For the valet, the money also did not mean faster service, my party waited for nearly 30 minutes to get their cars. 

A lot of these issues were functions of a busy weekend in a busy city but I think some can be remedied a bit better.

The hotel did send up a bottle of champagne to the room for the bride which was extremely sweet.
Really enjoyed our stay at this beautiful hotel. It's a Boutique hotel, so it's not big as the others, but it's big in style and quality! The lobby is beautiful and clean, we arrived at 4:30pm, just in time for Wine and Popcorn (served daily from 4-6pm!). Their popcorn is made with truffle oil and a dash of pepper. YUM. Red and white wine is available for free. Every afternoon there is a pitcher of fruit infused water to refresh yourself. 

We had a Queen deluxe room on the 4th floor. It's not your standard hotel, everything is so trendy from the animal print robes to the purple/lavender bathroom. The front desk offers you a  key at check in for the mini bar under one of the bedside tables, but of course you have to pay for it. 

The location of the hotel is wonderful as well. It's in the middle of Rittenhouse Square, close to nice restaurants and bars, and wonderful shopping, if that is your thing while on vacation. It is about 2 miles away from the historic district - where you can see the Liberty Bell, Independence Hall, etc. My husband and I chose to walk it everyday, it is not very far...perhaps a 15-20mimute walk. I also love that is PET FRIENDLY! Everyday I was greeted by a cute furry friend, I loved it. When we come back, my husband and I said we should bring our dog to take advantage of such a beautiful hotel and their awesome pet policy!
I work in Philly a few days a week and I usually stay at the Hyatt but one week in May I got bumped to the Hotel Palomar.

It was a nice change but the rooms were way small, a lot smaller than I am used to, and I had very little room to 'spread out'.  I have a lot of shit (face stuff, jewelry, hair care items, paperwork) and I did not have enough horizontal surfaces.

I liked the L'Occitane bath products but the "snack tray" that allowed me the privilege of purchasing gross Pop Chips for five dollars was unnecessary.  $15 socks for purchase hanging in the closet?  Totally pushing it.

The complimentary wine tasting (every night, 5pm-6pm) was nice.  So I'll throw The Hotel Palomar an extra star.
I have stayed here in the past year a handful of times. It's pretty much a tie between here and Le Meridien for my fave hotel in Philadelphia. I've been between apartments a few times this summer and I wound up living between the palomar and Le Meridien via hotwire. 

The rooms are always clean ( rooms at le meridien I can without fail find a hair or they have forgotten washcloths). The etro shampoo is the most wondrous smelling product in the world. The frette sheets are amazing.

Also if you sign up for kimpton perks your wifi is always free, you get ten bucks free to raid the mini bar with and great emails with deals! However, thats NOT all! My fave part is the wine reception each night...now for those who aren't into wine, it's not always just wine, i've had fish house punch, sangria, and more! They bring out bruschetta and popcorn and other yummy treats and WII! Yes wii! You haven't played wii until your playing it in the lobby of the palomar! Oh and if you check in later after the wine reception make sure to ask for drink vouchers in the bar. And wake up before noon because they have great coffee and tea in the lobby!

The room service is also tasty, I generally get breakfast and sometimes a late night snack. The eggs and potatoes are lovely! 

The rooms are on the smallish side depending on when you get checked in. Now, they are very flexible with me, I'm not sure if it's because I have stayed with them a few times or the kimpton rewards, but they have let me check in as early as noon-1pm. The rooms with double or queens also seem to be bigger. 

Just make sure to request a high floor and not be on the side near Davio's it's kinda noisy on friday and saturday nights!
My boyfriend and I typically stay in Airbnbs when we travel, but this trip a hotel just made more sense for a number of reasons.

If I stay at a chain, I'm a big fan of Kimpton. The customer service tends to be top notch with great amenities. But I was looking to save some money this trip. I was thrilled to find a mystery Hotwire that guaranteed one of the two Philly Kimptons - score - so I went ahead and pulled the trigger.

Palomar is right in the middle of a ton of action - restaurants, hotels, coffee shops, etc. It's a 7 minute walk to the subway station and probably a 5 minute walk to Rittenhouse Square that has a killer farmer's market a few days a week. Parking is definitely an issue. I find Philly's parking extremely confusing and limited, which left us stuck paying around $70/night for valet (with tip). Oof.

Anyway, the lobby was welcoming and modern feeling. Per the norm with Kimpton, there was infused water at all hours, a wine hour in the evening (we were out adventuring and missed out both nights), and coffee in the morning (we skipped it and went to a local shop).

Despite getting to the hotel several hours before check-in, they were able to accommodate us - it was great to be able to get settled. I think they upgraded our room - it was a small but comfy corner room that was perfect for us. We were there on July 4th and could see fireworks from multiple directions which was really neat!

Customer service was great, per usual. I forgot a couple of items, which they gave us, and we had one request that the front desk staff went above and beyond for.  That means worlds to me!

A few negatives:
~Again, the parking. I understand it's a nicer hotel, but figuring out a self-park option would be great. One of the times we came back to the hotel, valet was so backed up we couldn't pull over and had to circle around the block which killed another 5 minutes. If paying $70 a night for parking, that's an inconvenience I'd rather not have to experience.
~Every other Kimpton I've been to has a local car service that can bring you within a 2 mile radius. Not so with this one, which left us in a bind when it started POURING when we were leaving the subway. It would be a nice perk and is expected with Kimpton.
~We were on a high floor, which is a plus overall, but the elevators got pretty rough sometimes. There are still COVID signs saying one party per elevator but everyone was ignoring them because it would have taken 20 minutes to get an elevator otherwise. I believe one was out of order and one was for hotel staff which left two elevators for 25 floors.  Not the end of the world, but I had to wait 10 minutes to get to my room at one point.
~Obviously not the hotel's fault, but just be aware that most of the restaurants/bars in the area close early. That may be because so many are still short-staffed from COVID, but we found ourselves hungry and wanting a cocktail late-night without a lot of options. Just FYI.

All in all, I would VERY happily stay here again.
The leopard print robes that fellow Yelpers had raved about were one of the reasons why Bf and I picked this hotel for a recent trip.  Okay, we decided on the hotel for it's low price and central location, so technically not true, but I was still very excited that I would get to lounge around in animal prints all weekend long.  My animal print dreams were crushed upon check-in, however.

It seems that the hotel was recently bought out, and discarded the leopard print robes, in favor of the more uptowny 5500 thread count Frette robe.  Sigh.  

We ended up enjoying our weekend, for what it's worth.  Comfy beds, a high floor, and free coffee definitely helped.  We are simple folk, clearly.
- PROS -

OUTSTANDING LOCATION - Many destinations that I wanted to visit are within walking distance of Hotel Palomar.  My favorite walkable places include Tria Taproom, Monks Caf, and The Franklin Bar.  The Philadelphia Museum of Art is another favorite, but that's not walkable (about 1 mile) by everyone's standards.  The hotel is also within walking distance of a train stop ("Suburban") that takes you to/from the airport. 

FRIENDLY STAFF - Everyone greeted me with a smile as I expect at a higher end hotel.  An above-and-beyond moment came when a housekeeper left me a handwritten note after my first night.  It essentially stated: "thanks for staying with us / let me know if there's anything you need".  Those little personal touches go a long way with me.  



- CONS -  

CLEANLINESS MUSCUES - After checking in I entered my room and quickly discovered the bathroom wastebasket hadn't been emptied.  I then inspected the bed (for bed bugs) as I always do.  The bed looked great except for a single strand of long black hair on a pillow.  I suspect that came from the housekeeper, as the rest of the bed was immaculate.
 
WEAR AND TEAR - At first glance my room looked great.  But it didn't take long before I noticed chipped paint and some tattered sections of carpet.   

CLOGGED SHOWER DRAIN - I stayed two nights.  The first morning my shower worked fine.  The second morning my shower drain was completely clogged.  It was bad enough that I couldn't take a shower before checking out. 

WIFI NIGHTMARE - Guests are charged daily for Wi-Fi unless they sign up (online) for the Kimpton Rewards Program.  That program is supposedly free.  So I begrudgingly started signing up.  When I reached the second page of that silly process, it instructed me to enter my credit card information.  I couldn't understand why a free rewards program needs my credit card information.  Rather than find out I opted to abandon this waste of time and pay for the Wi-Fi.



- OVERALL - 

This certainly isn't a great hotel.  It's a decent hotel.  I'll remember it more for it's cons than for its pros.  I was particularly bothered by it's absurd Wi-Fi policy.  Consider - after dealing with numerous travel hassles, one of the first things I did upon entering my room was agonize over Wi-Fi.  Should I let them tack that ridiculous fee onto my already expensive stay?  Or should I sit down and sign up for a rewards program that that will badger me with emails for the rest of my life?  At a truly nice hotel I wouldn't be asking myself such questions.

If I head back to Philly anytime soon I'll stay at Sofitel, which is directly across the street.  Otherwise I'll look forward to checking out The Four Seasons when it reopens in 2018.
My first time at a Kimpton and I was not blown away, but Im willing to try again.  I loved the vibe of the hotel.  The location was outstanding too.   Everyone was incredibly enthusiastic, the lobby was lively and I love the complimentary cocoa in the afternoons (with real whipped cream and chocolate syrup!), and the wine parties looked genuinely fun with appetizers and wii for the kids in addition to the wine.  The decor is great, the rooms are comfortable and have nice amenities like animal print robes and great spa products.  

I really enjoyed the hotel, and liked the people there, but there were some things lacking that they will need to address if they're going to be successful.  They forgot to make up the room, which kind of sucks when you get back from a long day out and want to take a shower but have no dry towels.  They also gave us some bad parking info (well intended) that ended up with us getting a parking ticket.  There were a few other mixups too-- most of them were promptly and happily corrected, which is always a nice thing-- but still, when you're traveling you dont want to have to deal with those things. 

Overall, I recommend the Palomar, if they can manage to tighten up in the service area.
Pros: 
-clean, comfortable hotel
-pleasant and helpful staff
-comfortable beds, HD flatscreen tv, located in the heart of Rittenhouse square
-fruit infused water available all day in lobby, coffee/tea/fruit available in lobby at breakfast
-pet free/feather free rooms available (pets are acceptable at this hotel)
-near 21/42 bus lines and SEPTA trains
-welcome fruit/bottle of wine for being an IHG spire member
-Good gym with multiple treadmills, ellipticals, etc
And free weights
-Raid the bar $10 coupon for being IHG spire member

Cons:
-Had a room with king sized bed and overhead air vent blew directly on to bed. 
-No free breakfast (this is standard at Kimptons) and no free water in rooms (however free water bottles are located in gym)
-Expensive mini bar items (rite aid around the corner - same stuff for more then half the price)
-Checked in and used the Kimpton "Secret Password" and won a free bottle of wine with chocolates - however, it was never delivered
-$50 valet parking.  If I had to guess I'd say they just park you at a nearby public garage - my car was definitely kept outside for the week I was there and was returned with a filthy exterior. 

4/5. Would stay again. Expensed parking so wasn't a huge concern but no delivery of secret password prize was a bit of a bummer.
I've stayed here twice and found the service and rooms wonderful each time. I'm not sure if all rooms have this but I had a giant soaking jacuzzi tub in my single room with pullout sofa bed. It's wonderfully relaxing.

This hotel is within easy walking distance of Rittenhouse Square and many other attractions, plus assorted shops, both major chains and small local stores like a comic book and record store and plenty of restaurants. They've got a welcoming lobby with fireplace and free coffee, tea, apples and oranges in the morning. I don't have pets but noticed it was pet friendly. There are also bikes available for guests to use (though I didn't use one myself). Staff was friendly and checking, valet and luggage storage all went smoothly.

I had a room service burger and fries around 10 pm on a Friday night. Burger was juicy on a good bun. Definitely worth looking into for a Philly stay. Are there cheaper hotels? Yes, but if you want a little luxury, the Palomar is worth it.
I don't normally write reviews for hotels, but I really had a great stay at Hotel Palomar and felt compelled to write a 5-star review! 

The hotel is in a great location in the city center, close to public transit underground stations, shopping, and to restaurants. It's near the Chestnut and Walnut Street shopping areas and the Shops at Liberty Place Mall, and it's close to Rittenhouse Square and Restaurant Row. Check-in was a breeze - took less than five minutes. This hotel gives off a very modern and hip vibe - the lighting is dark and the lobby has fun colorful busts of Benji Franklin. The elevators are fun too - one of the elevator walls looks like a European painting of a woman, but she has a white mustache! 

The room was incredibly spacious with a super comfy bed. The room and the bathroom was very clean. The toiletries were C.O. Bigelow. In the closet are more fun things! There were two bathrobes, one in a tiger print and one in a zebra print! And there was a YOGA MAT! Loved it. The little tag on it said there was some instructional yoga thing you could access on the TV too. I took it out to do some stretching and poses (there was definitely enough space to do that!) - that mat was really clean and new-looking. This has to be one of my favorite hotel amenities. There's also free wi-fi if you're a Kimpton Karma Rewards member (it's free to join, so why not for free wi-fi?). Definitely spent a good amount of time in the room, partly because it was so cold outside and partly because walking around all day is tiring, so it was great to be able to come back and relax in such a nice hotel room. It was fun sprawling on the giant bed and watching movies! I was so sad to leave! The employee at check-out was really sweet too. I would definitely stay at the Palomar again if I'm back in Philly.
Had I written this review immediately after our wedding over Memorial Day weekend, it may have contained expletives that perhaps I would have regretted. Having had a month to gain some calm, I still feel like I need to put my two cents on Hotel Palomar Philadelphia out there, for what it is worth. 

As I said, we married at the end of May (yippee!). In preparation for said bring-em-all-to-Philly fest, we contacted HPP around January 2010, at which time they offered us a group discount that was reasonable and competitive (about 20% less than the rack rate at the time) with those rates found elsewhere. We were satisfied.. flash forward to end of March, April when rates both on discount websites AND the kimptonhotel.com/ HPP website itself were markedly lower than those previously offered to us. I contacted the staff person assigned to our event, asking her if it was possible to adjust the rates that we were offering to our guests to just MATCH those now offered. She essentially said "no" and sent me an attached screen shot of a kayak.com search that she had done "proving" to me that I was wrong (when, in fact, it was not the case). 

I was infuriated with her condescension-through-a-grin (that makes one just want to climb out of one's skin) attitude and, only when I responded that, fine, I was going to have our guests cancel their reservations under our wedding block and book them on their own via the internet did she concede and say that they could change the rate, it made me doubly filled with distaste that she could have made the change all along but willingly chose not to do it.

On hearing my story, my bridesmaid, in solidarity said, f@$! em, let's stay somewhere else (there are, in fact, so many great hotels in Philadelphia), but I was swayed by my curiosity and appreciation for the Kimpton aesthetic (some of which is really great design and some a bit overkill and doesn't know when to stop) to stick with it. Other pluses of our stay did include the daily wine reception and coffee/tea/lemonade offerings throughout the day. Our friends hung out in the restaurant/ bar post-wedding and loved the food. 

But, all in all, in thinking it over, our otherwise extraordinary weekend full of love, family, and friends was marred only by goings-on that I had with HPP. My story above along with other mishaps along the way and lackluster to completely unprofessional behavior from the staff (front desk in particular, valet staff were way cool) make me apprehensive at best to ever set foot in Hotel Palomar Philadelphia again. 

In good news, we did give our feedback to management who has acted with utter professionalism in efforts to rectify the situation(s). 

Maybe HPP is great for individual or family travel, but in our experience of using them for our wedding, it did not succeed. 

As an aside, we also worked with the Crowne Plaza Downtown Philadelphia on 18th and Market in order to offer our guests a range of price points. Their staff was OUTSTANDING-- from helping us set up our trolley transportation to the wedding site to distributing our welcome bags to guests with enthusiasm and at no charge (HPP wanted to charge an extra fee to hand them over when guests checked in) to alerting one of our guests when he left something behind in his room and holding it for him with security after he had checked out! We wholeheartedly endorse the Crowne Plaza for any group/ wedding. It was a pleasant and unexpected surprise that the more "modest" hotel had far superior client services than the supposedly higher end establishment.

OK, I said my piece, good luck.
It's really a shame that I feel compelled to write this review for negative reasons. I stayed at this hotel for a work event at the beginning of May. I was having a lovely time staying here - the attached restaurant has amazing food, the staff is polite, and the wine receptions in the lobby are wonderful. 

My room was standard, appeared to be clean upon entering. I noticed the luxurious animal print robes hanging in my closet but due to work didn't have the opportunity to use them until the last morning of my stay. I woke early and planned to take a relaxing bath before having to bid farewell to my clients. I put on an animal print robe (finally!) and began to draw my bath water. When I was about to enter the tub I took the robe off letting it fall to the floor and that was when I noticed, to my horror, the inside of the robe was covered in dried blood. I was outraged. I instantly dressed myself and called the front desk. A manager said they would be right up to assist me. She apologized upon seeing the robe and asked if I would like a new one (I did not) or if she could send me breakfast (appetite was obviously lost) she then left asking me to let the manager coming on duty know if there was anything they could do for me. I calmed down a bit and when I was checking out asked to speak with this new manager. He was very nice and apologetic. I requested a nights stay be put on my Kimpton account and explained the manager who came to my room asked me to let them know if there was anything they could do. He told me he would get back to me and took my information. This was over 2 weeks ago I haven't heard a thing. I realize things happen and I held off on letting others know about my unfortunate experience hoping the hotel would rectify it, but sadly they have not. I will not be patronizing any Kimpton hotels in the future.
This hotel is a nightmare.  While it's clean and modern, the reservation staff is completely unorganized and messed up my reservation three times.  They also charged me for an extra night's stay, which I thankfully caught and argued to have refunded.  They also rob you.  They don't tell you this, but parking is $50 per night and if you order room service, they charge $5 to bring it up, plus 18% gratuity.  

I would not recommend staying here.  Save yourself the aggravation.
Amazing establishment! I had such a great experience here -- my boyfriend and I stayed the night in Philly. This was our first stay with the Kimpton family -- first, location location location! This place is perfect -- it's close to center city, Rittenhouse square and city hall. We were able to walk everywhere except for a few spots on the other side of town, but those were a quick Uber ride away. 

Secondly, I cannot elaborate enough on how awesome the staff are. Before we arrived, I reached out to Jessy, the amazing manager, to let her know we were celebrating our anniversary. I also mentioned that I was surprising my boyfriend, who is from Philly and a huge Eagles fan. When my boyfriend and I arrived to our room, not only had we been upgraded to a king suite (!!!) but some veggies and hummus, some beers and an Eagles mug were waiting for us!

Honestly, I don't think I've had a better experience at another hotel in the US! Will definitely stay here again and plan to recommend Kimpton to my fam & friends!
I love the Kimpton brand And this hotel was perfect. Very stylish, very cool, and the rooms are extremely comfortable. The fact that they have rooms with two queen beds instead of two doubles is a bonus for a family.

Loved the elevators, where else can you have Ben Franklin and a portrait with a lady with a mustache on the wall and Erykah Badu playing. 

And the location is absolutely ideal With in the Rittenhouse Square area. Across from Nordstrom rack, On the same block as CVS, steps away from Dizengoff.  And the square is only a few blocks away, as is Chestnut, market and broad. The employees were all very friendly. And I like the vibe of the bar downstairs where I could get a very nice glass of rose at the end of a long day.

The only real problem is that they don't actually have 24 hour room service. Technically they do, but the overnight options are pretty much egg salad sandwich or turkey sandwich, and if your flight has been delayed and you are arriving late that is not very exciting. Luckily there are a few places still open after 10 even if most of Center City is dead. Giovanni's pizza on Chestnut was good Even if late at night I would rather just have ordered something to my room. But I would stay here again in a heartbeat, great hotel!
There are so many places to stay in Philly and I'm so happy we went with the Hotel Palomar. It was located near all of our attractions (Penn Square, Rhittenhouse area, Rocky and historical sites). The hotel staff was so friendly, informative and very personable. They provided suggestions and were always in a great mood. 


Our rooms were very clean, spacious and perfect for a great weekend getaway!
RJ and I spent the night here after the WInter Jam.  We specifically wanted to stay here for the giant tub.  Because I have a thing for giant tubs.  The staff is super friendly and welcoming, and the hotel is absolutely beautiful.  It is also spotless, and the King bed has cold, comfortable sheets that make you not want to get out of bed. Ever.   There is a huge shower next to the tub, and you can look out over the city.  The lotions, soap and shampoos are Atelier Bloem in mandarin citrus, geranium, kodota fig, and oolong tea.  They are incredible, and  I want to buy all of them.  The hotel also provides comfy animal print robes.  I was sad when this stay was over.
I have always loved Kimpton hotels, but this stay far exceeded my favorite of all time (Epic Kimpton - Miami). I can't express how nice and helpful the staff were. Even the next day after checking in, Caroline (at the front desk), still remembered my name...after meeting me just once. The valet at the front door always made sure to ask if I needed help. They weren't lazy at all. And if you need directions or suggestions for certain foods or even stores in general, they will alway point you in the right direction. The front desk clerks also send texts to check on you during your stay, which is an added perk and shows how serious they are about customer service.

My room was beautiful, CLEAN and spacious. I loved how the TV was actually mounted on the wall. Everything was super duper clean. My actual tub was so clean, it could have been brand new. Lol. The bed was so comfy, and fortunately for me I had a dope view of the city. I honestly loved everything about my room and I wish I could have stayed a day longer. 

There's a gym on the 4th floor that's available 24, and it wasn't nearly as bad as most hotel gyms. I even went to workout late at night...and stayed nearly 2 hrs which says A LOT.

There is also happy hour between 5-6, and they serve free wine. So that's an added plus. 

Also, if you sign up to be a rewards member (which is free), you get complimentary WiFi. Otherwise there is a standard charge. But you wanna be a rewards member anyways right?! It's only the BEST hotel chain ever!!! 

I really can't say enough good things about Kimpton in general. They've never let me down. I'm looking for a reason to go back soon!
I've stayed here multiple times for business, including the last two nights.

WHAT I LIKE:
* Location at 17th and Samson is killer. Walk to everything.
* Nice transitional design: modern feel with historical elements
* Free wine and truffle popcorn from 5pm-6pm
* Gym was empty albeit small
* Requested late checkout, got 1pm
* Decent meeting rooms

WHAT I DIDN'T LIKE
* Showers has cold water both mornings around 7:30pm. My whole group has the same experience. That's a really lame experience for a high-end hotel
* Elevators were sloooooow. I ended up taking the stairs between the 2nd floor meeting rooms, my 3rd floor gym, and the 4th floor gym
I've walked by Hotel Palomar many a time in the Rittenhouse area of Philadelphia and never thought I'd be able to step foot inside as a guest. So already you might gather that it's a pretty fancy schmancy place. Once you walk inside, you see the bar before the concierge desk. The bar looks like a low-key place to have a Clive Bixby encounter (yes Modern Family reference inserted) where the drinks sound like they could be great. I'd like to come back and try them out sometime. 

The suite itself was pretty sweet. Why one would need two LCD HDTVs in less than 700-800(?) square feet of space is beyond me. But I'm not complaining. 

- The bed is really plush and they must bleach the hell out of their sheets and comforters because they are really white. So, clean? Check! But I thought the bed was way too soft to actually sleep in. Check minus. And the bed has a million pillows that just get in the way and either get placed on the ground before you sleep or will end up on the ground in the morning. 

- The bathroom is pretty roomy and comes with a jacuzzi that I couldn't figure out slash didn't have time to figure out. And when you get out of the jacuzzi, assuming you figured out how to start it. you can tiptoe over to the closet and pull out...a LEOPARD PRINT ROBE. Yes, ladies and gentleman, no pimp trip would be complete without one! 

If you're a Klimpton Hotel member, you get $10 worth of stuff from the minibar, and not everything from the minibar. We learned that the hard way. Oops! 

Overall if you're willing to treat yourself to a nice hotel in the nicer part of downtown Philadelphia, Hotel Palomar is a good bet. 

Side note: I think they let you borrow their umbrellas! That's a huge plus considering how often Philadelphia is not sunny.
My wife and I celebrated our anniversary in one of the suites here. Overall the stay was pretty fantastic. 

I'll just break down the pros and cons here. 

Pros:

- The staff was really nice and friendly. Seriously, couldn't be happier with the people who work here. 
- The bathroom was nothing short of luxurious. For the suite, the combo of the walk-in shower and spa tub was wonderful. Seriously the bathroom was bigger than the bedroom we got. 
- The bed was extremely comfortable. I'm not always good with hotel beds. This one I could have slept in for days. 
- The free wine happy hour at the front desk was a really nice touch. So was the free coffee the next morning. 
- Location, location, location! You have the best pick of restaurants and shopping here all within a short walk. It's my personal favorite area of the city. 

Cons:

- I know it's a big city and hotel rooms tend to be cramped downtown. I seriously thought the suite was going to be bigger than it was for the price. But that's a minor inconvenience. Could have been this particular room. I still liked it a lot. 
- It wasn't the quietest experience. We heard some major noise in the bathroom for a bit. Turns out it was the person next door turning on the shower, or we think it was. It reverberated. 

The cons were nothing more than minor. The pros definitely won this one.
A big fan of Kimptons always. We've stayed at the Monaco before by decided to try Palomar since the price was a bit cheaper this time around.  Was more skeptical since all locations in the center city are a bit smaller, but was definitely very happy with the stay. I'm also a large lobby type of gal, and this lobby was small but it didn't disappoint. Wonderful gas fireplace and enough seating for me on the weekend. I snagged a comfy single seater sofa during wine hour too, which offered white and red to start and rose was added half way through). 

The $10 raid the bar is always nice and usable at the bar next to the lobby.  Prices are higher at this hotel restaurant though.  Brought it next to the fireplace to drink. 

As a Spire elite, was offered a nice king bed deluxe guestbook. Thought I saw a suite on my app at one point but guess it didn't happen. That's ok though since we weren't in it too much! All was very clean. 

I was rushing into a call right before check in and they happily got me upstairs in less than 4 minutes (THANK YOU!!) 

The bell desk gentleman is always saying hi with a smile as you walk out of the elevator. How nice. Valet guys are opening doors for you as they can and always welcoming. 

There's always flavored water in the lobby too. Never woke up in time for coffee but I imagine that's pretty standard. 

Wonderful place.
Woohoo, really as good as it gets. My girlfriend and I stayed here for a weekend, and we were consistently blown away by the sincere kindness and enthusiasm for making our stay memorable, so much so that each of the employees we interacted with deserve a call out. Darrin at the front door was extremely helpful with recommendations and directions, Sean (one of the bellhops) took a personal interest in giving us his best recommendations for cool neighborhoods and nightlife, and went out of his way to follow up with us throughout our weekend, and Kayla was cheerful and wonderful to talk to at the complimentary wine receptions. 

We took a spur-of-the-moment trip to the 25th floor ballroom, where we scared the bejeezus out of Jason, one of the banquet staff members. Rather than toss us out, he stayed to talk and made sure we saw the city from the best viewpoint! Not only that, but on the way back down it our room, we shared an elevator with Chef George, who later hand-delivered a bowl of truffle oil popcorn when my girlfriend jokingly said she missed the popcorn at that night's wine reception. Above and beyond, literally every step of the way. 

The Queen View room (1711) was fantastic and luxurious, and the free fixie road bike rentals were an incredibly creative addition to our stay. Incredible location. We can't wait to come back.
Nice rooms and lobby but beware of the surprise parking charges added to your bill at checkout.

Without any prior warning or notice they charged a $50/night parking fee (almost half of the room rate) for a garage that only charges people $42 a night.

Cheaper to park yourself less than a block away.
Fantastic experience staying here last weekend. On a group trip with a few friends and we got a room with two queen beds. Check-in was a breeze. We got there early but they held our luggage until check-in time. There was refreshing fruit-infused water available in the lobby. The room was on the smaller side but the walkway areas between and in front of the beds were just wide enough not to feel too narrow. 

The bathroom was a single vanity with a pretty good-sized mirror and full bathtub/shower. Towels were clean and enough for 4 people. We appreciated the amenities--robes were plush and comfortable, there were comfy slippers for walking around the room, and the body wash/shampoo/conditioner from Atelier Bleum smelled amazing. Additionally they had a long list of items they could provide if you forgot to bring something (comb, toothbrush/paste, hair straightener, humidifier...just to name a few). 

They gifted a bottle of champagne for my friend's birthday, and we also participated in the happy hour between 5-6pm daily. They had Cabernet sauvignon, Pinot Grigio and Chardonnay, as well as orange juice/vodka, with a large bowl of herb popcorn for people to ladle our into mini wax paper bags. 

Gym was on the smaller side but on a Sunday morning it wasn't crowded--for the hour I was there, there were at most 3 other people besides me. They had 4 ellipticals, a couple stationary bikes, some lifting equipment and one lifting bench, and a couple yoga mats. Water, towels and earbuds were provided. My only comment was I wish the cable tv available in the guest rooms was available in the gym too. The equipment had tv's but they only showed local channels. 

Overall happy with the experience and would book Kimpton again.
I haven't stayed at many Kimpton properties, nor have I stayed at many hotels in Philadelphia that have wowed me. That said, Hotel Palomar has always shown up as a highly-rated hotel, and when I saw a relatively inexpensive rate being offered for my most recent visit, I decided to book a night and try it out. It's just beyond the Westin, which is also on 17th Street, but without a separated drop-off area (like the Westin, or the Sofitel right across the street), it has a bit more of a cozy feel to it when you enter. After opening the (somewhat) heavy doors on your own (presence of someone at the front is a bit spotty), there's a small lobby area to the left, as well as the ability to sidle into Square 1682 without going outside. The front desk is a bit less formal than other check in. Folks at the front are friendly, and they got us our keys in no time, which was great given that our train in was late and thus pushing us to make a wedding on time. There's an elevator bank with 4 elevators - pretty sizable for what feels like a small hotel.

The room I had booked was a city view, and although we didn't clear everything else on the 11th floor, our room had south-facing exposure facing a nearby church, giving a nicer view than simply the drab office buildings that make up most of Center City. The lighting isn't perfect, though...for some reason, there's no light switch right by the entry, and the entrance light is a bit too dim (more of a problem at night). The rest of the room is fine, though, with a comfortable bed occupying most of the space, an ample closet to hold clothing (the only thing missing was a shoehorn), and a bathroom that isn't large but gets the job done. I actually really liked the Kohler faucet in the bathtub - a very minor detail, but one that allowed for the straightforward flow of water that isn't always present.

Given the central location of the hotel between Center City and just a block off of RIttenhouse Square, I really enjoyed the fact that the Palomar feels smaller than it is. The amenities won't blow you away, but for the price paid (which was quite good - around $125 for the night before taxes) - I would definitely stay here again. I have seen it a bit more expensive than that in the past, which I would probably hesitate a bit more on. A solid 3.5-star experience, but I will round up because I did enjoy the ambiance and all-around feel.
For the hotel I would definitely give 4 stars but unfortunately the valet company they use brought the rating down. You are being charged $50 for parking with the hotel so I expect not to have damages in my car. Unfortunately the valet had caused damage in my car which they first tried to lie about and then completely deny the claim. Very upsetting. Hotel should definitely look into their valet personnel and the company they use.
Great location within an easy walk to shopping, restaurants and parks. The standard rooms are pretty darn small with only a desk chair to sit in. The towels are plush and shampoos/soaps are very nice.  Toilet paper is cheap and single ply (well, someone has to say it).
Definitely need a coffee maker in the room and free bottled water.
The wine "happy hour" was ridiculously packed and, for us, pretty unmanageable as you literally had to wade through dozens of people that were there post meetings. 
The restaurant next door was ok for a drink or two, but the food was just ok-  don't get the 4 star ratings. 
All in all, ok, but next trip we will book at a different hotel.
Great classic hotel in a great location.  Nice rooms and great people.  Parking though was $50 - wow!
Great restaurants within a 3 block radius.  Stayed twice here the last two months.  2nd time upgrades to a great corner suite.  The jacuzzi insanely deep!
Minibar expensive but that's expected.  Will stay again.  Use IHG points!  I did.
Really nice, stylish, hip hotel.

The elevators had funky murals on the walls, the lobby was small but cute and cozy with a fireplace, and the truffle oil popcorn and wine reception each night was a great touch.

The bed was super comfy, and I liked that they offer lots of freebies if you forgot something (flat iron, curling iron, etc.).

Great little gym, friendly staff, bustling vibe.

Loved it and would stay again.
Cyndy's Bottom Line:  Great location with restaurants and shopping within walking distance.

Pros:
Excellent location 
Good service upon check in
Good valet service
Complimentary Coffee bar & granola bar
Complimentary happy hour
Complimentary iced water with lemon
Great shower & water pressure

Cons:
Air conditioner too loud
Bed uncomfortable
Extra noise from the refrigerator
Daily Parking fee $50.00

Please note:  this is a doggy friendly hotel
I consistently enjoy Kimpton hotels.  This is no change.  Some friends stayed down the street at the 4 Seasons and my stay was so much more interesting, fun, and fresh.  Their hotel was open and nice, but the rooms were boring and everything was better suited to my grandmother.  For a younger feel go with Palomar.
This is a fantastic hotel in a fantastic part of town.  We have stayed at many hotels in Philadelphia over the years and this one was perhaps one of my favorites.  The service was amazing, the front desk staff were all so incredibly pleasant.  After a long day of traveling, we can't say how grateful we were for that.  The beds were comfortable and the room was lovely.

Parking is $48 at the hotel...I recommend parking just down the street in a city lot for anywhere between 25-33 bucks a day.
I would really like to give 1 star but the hotel is clean and the rooms are nice and the food at the restaurant is great, so were the door men. So it'll get two stars. 

-3 for the front desk staff. We flew down to Philly from Boston to meet up with my friend's future sister in law to celebrate her bachelorette. There were 4 of us in a hotel room with 2 queen size beds.  The day before we arrived, the future sister in law dropped off 4 bottles of champagne to be delivered to the room upon arrival. We arrived early and the champagne wasn't there, but I didn't say anything assuming it would be there upon our return from sight seeing. It wasn't. But 4 other bottles that were ordered by various friends of the bride in advance, were. 

We called the front desk to inquire about the bottles that were purchased, no one could find them. So I went down to the front desk to inquire further. We had had special labels made and wanted the future bride to see them! After being put off to several different people at the front desk and some whispering, they recovered the bottles. But wouldn't give them to me without asking why so much champagne was in the room. I explained that we had purchased the bottles and brought them the day before. The 4 other bottles were ordered by people outside of our party, which we had no control over. I continued to be lectured about how it was not a "party hotel" and that there was concern over so much alcohol going to one room. So I bartered with the man at the front desk and asked him to give me 2 bottles now and he could deliver the two bottles the next day around 3:00 pm if he was really that concerned. He seemed agreeable to this idea.

Day 2 @ 3:30 pm. We arrive back to our hotel room after going out for brunch and mani/pedis. No champagne. We gave it a little while and then I called the front desk and got hung up on after asking where the champagne was. So I went back down to the front desk and inquired about the champagne. I was assured it would come up to the room....it's now 5:00 pm. Eventually it came but we didn't even get to drink it because by the time it was delivered it was time to go to dinner. 

The whole point of my story isn't the stupid $10 bottles of champagne. If we wanted to "party hard" and be ridiculous, we wouldn't have stayed in a Kimpton Hotel to do it. The hotel was ageist, condescending and rude to it's patrons. Get over yourself.
Loved this hotel.  Located in the center of everything on 17th and Sansom: historic stuff, shopping, and great dining!  The staff here was so courteous, friendly, and efficient.  We got some nice perks like free cocktails in the evening and coffee and tea in the morning.  Although I didn't bring a pet with me they allowed them, which I think is great.  Never heard any barking, meowing, or other domestic animal sound in my 2 night stay.  Would definitely stay here again.
The dcor of this hotel is fun and interesting.  Hats off to the decorator.  I enjoyed all the artwork.

We booked a City View deluxe King for $449 for Valentine's Day.  I see by other reviews perhaps we got taken on this one.  Our view was very nice.  Our interactions with the staff were very friendly and positive.  I enjoyed seeing dogs around.  No indication of dog smell or barking at all during our stay.  You can't beat the location near Rittenhouse Square.  There was even a very nice umbrella in the large closet available for our use if needed.  The lobby had a lovely fireplace and complimentary hot chocolate.

Our room was only slightly above average. It did look like the photos on the website. We had a nice entryway with a foyer table equipped with $5 bottles of water.  We had a mini bar, but no key.  We could have free Wi-Fi if we were members of the Kimpton club, or pay $12.99 to have it in the room.  We had room service in the morning, but I had to call because it didn't come in our requested window.  I am not sure what happened with our order, but it wasn't quite as requested.  Still, the food was not terrible.  Our room service attendant seemed nervous and hesitant.  The only staff interaction which was not stellar.

As I stated in my review to them, for the price, I would expect an in-room fridge, access to the mini bar, preferably free water, two sinks, and perhaps two-ply toilet paper.  The complimentary robes had been laundered a lot, they were faded and not very soft.  Valet parking is $45.  I do have to agree I do not consider this a 4 star hotel.  Perhaps the spa rooms deserve that rating, but to experience that early booking is a must.
I stayed here for the first time this past weekend. I am generally on #teamhyatt when it comes to my hotel of choice, but I have been dying to try a Kimpton hotel as I have heard amazing things. Plus for a solo-bachelorette weekend, I thought it would be fun to treat myself a little and stay at something a little more trendy. The overall experience really fell short of my expectations so I will probably refrain from booking at Kimpton again.

When booking my room on their direct website, I was asked if I wanted an early check-in. I thought this would be a great bonus since I was set to arrive in Philly around 11AM. I didn't see any fine print about the unlikelihood that they would be able to arrange this, so I hoped for the best! Upon my arrival, the front desk said my room wasn't "quite" ready. To me, this means there may be another 15-30 minute wait. It was around 11:30AM at this time, so I decided to meet up for a friend for lunch. I was added onto their wait list and would get a text once my room was ready.

By 2:20PM, the lobby had cleared out and we were only about 40 minutes to standard check-in time. I had not heard from Kimpton, so I asked the desk again about my room. I heard the same, "not quite yet" line. I was frustrated at this point. Could I at least get an approximate wait time? I went to sit back down and a few minutes later, the front desk staff said they "found me a room". I wish they could have "found" the room an hour before. Overall, the verbiage of the front desk staff really needs work. They made me feel super unimportant and not willing to go above and beyond for their guests.

Other Cons: The animal print bath robes everyone raves about were not comfortable. No free water in the room - but they trick you into thinking the two water bottles on the counter are free until you go to check out. The mini bar was locked with no key. No idea why. No refrigerator in the room which seemed odd to me and inconvenient. 

Pros: Decor was pretty - especially the bathroom, I loved the purple wallpaper. Bed was comfortable. Room was somewhat quiet considering it was facing 17th street. Perfect location to all the highlights of center city.
This might be a bit biased as I am holding my wedding at a Kimpton Hotel, but Hotel Palomar was one of the best hotel stays I can remember in a very long time.

Our Kimpton experience is based on the Hotel Solamar in San Diego, so when we had to head to Philly a few weeks ago, we book in at Hotel Palomar, which is a sister hotel to Solamar.  A few things of note: the hotel is LEED certified, so it's a very "green" experience.  Also, food is locally sourced and most is made right on site (including breads, cheeses, sausages and pastas).  The staff was fantastic, extremely friendly and attentive to our needs.  There was also a wine reception from 5-6, which I am told occurs for guests every day.  Awesome sangria.

The rooms are a little small, but nicely outfitted.  We had a nice view towards Rittenhouse Square.  Bed was comfortable and the TV actually offers HD channels.  And for pet owners, the hotel is pet friendly - allowing you to keep your dogs or cats in your room with you.  Don't worry if you have allergies, as they only allow pets in certain rooms and have strict cleaning guidelines.

In all, a fantastic experience.  I will definitely stay here again.
Came here for my friend's wedding weekend - great location, great atmosphere at the hotel, loved that they had happy hours in the lobby too. We got the spa room with a huge jacuzzi, which was definitely enjoyed! The bed was huge and extremely comfortable. Loved the decor!
So many positives, not sure where to begin...

My wife  surprised me with a trip to the city and an Eagles game (originally from South Jersey, but haven't been back in many years) for Christmas. She'd never been and I'm big about reading reviews before booking lodging or even eating out, so I had no idea what to expect. However, we will look to stay here again. 

Location - excellent. Located within walking distance to the Liberty Bell, Independence Hall, Constitutional Hall, Macy's, Betsy Ross house, City Hall, Reading Terminal, etc. There are also plenty of places to eat and shop in the area, so don't stress about forgetting anything. The only things we wanted to see and needed to Uber were the Art Museum (Rocky) and Eagles game. 

Decor/cleanliness/environment - Everything was clean and modern. You are greeted by a nice fire in the winter and has all these little extra perks that make you feel like you are staying in an expensive place (always greeted when you come and go, door is held for you, awesome recommendations from the staff, FREE BOOZE... I can stop there). 

Staff - everyone was extremely friendly and answered the million questions I had. A special shout out to Chloe, Bre, and Melissa for making my wife and I's stay extra special. 

Visiting Philly was an awesome experience, and I know that was made in part thanks to this great hotel, awesome staff, convenient location, and affordable price.
I have become a huge Kimpton fan over the past year.  In the past it was always Starwood (W, Westin, etc..), but my first stay at The Monaco in DC changed that.

The Hotel Palomar in Philly is outstanding in every way.  The lobby is inviting, the rooms large, and the vibe is cool.  However, for me it's the wonderful staff and I mean everyone.  The valet, front desk, housekeeping, the restaurant, etc....everyone is truly exceptional and they treat you like a superstar.  

The location is also perfect!  Park your car and leave it.  There is plenty to keep you busy in Rittenhouse Square.  Join their In Touch Program (it's free so why not) and you get a raid the mini bar card, generous upgrades when available, and more importantly actually attainable free stays at their locations.

Thanks Kimpton!  I feel lucky that in the cities I travel for business that you are very well represented.
First, let me tell ya'll something about the hotel staff - amazing! Great service, kind and helpful in accomodating to our visit. Another plus - they are very pet friendly (by the way, there is not pet fee) and even offer additional pet services (at a cost of course) if you so love your pets as you would children...

I would definitely stay here again! Location is perfect and you are in a very safe part of Philadelphia with restaurants, tourist sites, bars and shopping all within walking distance.
I just held a corporate event for 70+ people at the hotel. Great feedback from colleagues on the quality of the food, venue, and interactions with all staff. Great location.

I don't give 5 stars lightly. Really great experience.

My mistake in planning for 50 people when 70 showed up. We were cramped, but the hotel made the most of the situation and tried to keep us happy.
Walking into the Hotel Palomar, Philadelphia, I was immediately struck by the ambiance of the lobby. An art-deco facade that towers up over thirty floors, the facade alone was promising as I entered through the double set of doors. The hotel smells like a Kimpton; I wonder if it is the citrus-infused water that one can expect waiting for guests to partake of in the lobby. 

I'm told by the receptionist that, in addition to the complimentary wine hour at five, there will be truffle oil popcorn. I told her that I intuited that this hotel was the perfect choice.

As I am sitting in the lobby, I notice the superbly modern-decorated space. Anthropologie meets Pottery Barn. The dark taupe-hued walls juxtaposed with artistically ruffled white curtains is the perfect balance of light and dark. It's at once an ambiance of the melancholic and poetic, tempered by the bright and interesting additions of green and gold accents. Kimpton hotels are almost guaranteed to have eclectic furniture pairings. The website states it eloquently:

Every Kimpton hotel tells a distinct story. The story of Hotel Palomar Philadelphia is "Art in Motion," and before you even set foot in the magnificent lobby, you'll know precisely why. The hotel itself is one of the city's most striking examples of Art Deco design--a landmark 1929 building that has been restored to its original grandeur, and beyond.

A small wood-trunk chair sits at the sill of a window, and there are old coffee table books sitting on the living room table. The lobby is the perfect balance of funky-casual and upscale refinery. The elevators are perhaps the most artistic part of the public space at Palomar. On the second floor, which greets most guests who need to use the restroom or the meeting space. the elevator galley is dark wood and tile mosaic, like Old Spanish Miami, bringing back the melancholic historic feel of the hotel.

The room is perfect- clean, modern, elegant with a hint of the past. It was a small corner room, but the perfect size for one person traveling for business. The bathroom is exquisite, with Kohler products, which includes a giant bathtub. The complimentary products are great. Beneath one of the night stands is a hidden bar, equipped with some local brews that really served me well when I wanted a pre-dinner drink without having to leave my luxurious room. 

This was my third Kimpton experience, after the Monaco in Denver and the Rouge in DC. It is by far my favorite of the Kimpton Collection.
Absolutely floored by how wonderful the staff and hotel were this weekend. From the moment we arrived I couldn't stop smiling! Nicki at the front desk was amazing, she took the time to direct us to some sights in the area while waiting for our room to be ready. When we mentioned we had just gotten engaged, she expressed the most sincere and warm congratulations and greeted us with her lovely smile every time we saw her. From sending a fax to directions to granting us a late check out, she took care of us at every moment.

I booked a king spa room as a treat during our weekend trip, and I was blown away. 
There is really nothing like sitting in a giant bathtub looking out over the city! We ordered a bottle of wine and it arrived along with champagne, chocolate covered strawberries and a sweet note from Nicki. I cried a little!

We enjoyed room service for dinner. My fiance had the burger with a quail egg and sweet potato fries, which was flavorful and delicious. I had the mushroom sandwich which was light and yummy! We also ordered breakfast (crab benedict) which was a decadent treat in the morning. 

Also let's talk about the complimentary wine hour! Don't skip the truffle popcorn. And finally, my fiance and I love dogs so much it's kind of a problem. This being a pet-friendly hotel, we had the chance to interact with some amazing specimens.

Thank you Palomar! We will be back!!!
I love Hotel Palomar, it is now my go to place in Philly. EVERYTHING about my stay here was excellent. When I arrived I was checked in quickly. The hotel allows pets to stay at no additional charge and even provides dog beds and bowls upon request. The doorman was extremely friendly with my dogs, even providing them with treats when they returned from their walk. The hotel itself is beautiful with a lot of interesting local art displayed in the lobby and common areas. The theme is motion, so there were skate statues and rock climbing men, etc.   Philly is a very artistic city so it's great to see businesses incorporate that in their dcor. The hotel also has a wine reception every night, the wine was excellent, not the cheap stuff that gives you headaches. But more importantly to me, they offer free coffee/tea in the lobby in the mornings. You can sit in the lobby and drink coffee while reading the papers they also provide. As others have said the leopard print robes are also a nice touch. I will definitely be back.
I got married at the Palomar on 10/2/10. I am so late with this review, but I do have a lot to say about my experience there, so I thought I'd sharesies:

THE ROOM: I'm a Philly resident, but I stayed two nights (the night before the wedding and the night of) in the Presidential Suite. If you don't know what that is, start saving. HUGE (four-person?) hot tub overlooking the city, eight shower heads, flat-screen TV in bathroom, which itself is bigger than our apartment. King-size bed, another huge flat-screen TV, great view (well, unless of course you hate Comcast). I haven't even gotten to the "suite" part. The suite has another bathroom, a dining-room table and tons of lounge-y, comfy chairs, sofas and chaise lounges. Immediately following the ceremony went back to this suite and took pics, had champagne, chillaxed, etc. It is by far the most luxurious hotel room I have ever stayed in. Even better than my honeymoon suite in Mexico. There is truly nothing like this room.

I've stayed in the regular suites, too, and they are immaculate. Very modern and spacious.

THE SERVICE: Meh. You'd think that, oh, I dunno, because you're the bride, servers would ask if you'd like a drink or something to eat. Never happened. I didn't even eat any of the cocktail-hour food. Never even saw it. Oh well. BUT...the wedding coordinator, Jim Weber, is a pro. He walks you through every step of the process, and does it with a smile. 

THE FOOD: So, you know how you go to weddings and the food is almost always so-so, and the cake tastes like it came from Safeway? So...that definitely was not the case with us. Everything consumed at the wedding was prepared by Chef Guillermo Tellez of Square 1682 (the hotel restaurant) and it was BANGIN'. Talk about some seriously top-notch entrees. Best part was that they were extremely accommodating when we asked them to put in some Asian/Indian influences. The cake? My mouth is watering just thinking about it.

I will say this: If I had to do it again, I would go back to the Palomar. We almost chose the Ritz Carlton, but we didn't think it was worth it for the price. The ballroom isn't as nice as the Palomar's, and the none of the suites have hot tubs. The Palomar does, and their rooms are nicer anyway. 

I think my husband and I were maybe the third couple to get married at the Palomar, so I have to believe that they've worked out all the kinks by now. All in all, it was a gorgeous wedding in a gorgeous hotel. A night I will never forget.

AND: The Palomar was nice enough to offer us a free room on our one-year anniversary!
We stayed in this hotel once. I always like a hotel with personality. I hate going to a hotel that is bland and simple but too gaudy and touristy at the same time. This hotel is well balanced with style, taste, and modern look. Staff was great. It was also across the street from Sofitel hotel. For less than half the price with almost the same quality in their style in the hotel i would rather choose Hotel Palomar any given day.
Let me tell you The Hotel Palomar and Kimpton Hotels in general just keep getting better and better.  As I mentioned before, at one time I stayed exclusively at Starwood Hotels.  No more.  The Kimpton Properties won me over a couple of years ago and I haven't looked back.  I am fortunate that I cover the East Coast so 90% of the time I can book a Kimpton Hotel.  I love the boutique feel and the rooms are always outstanding.

Now back to The Palomar.  When I'm asked why I love Kimpton properties so much my answer is always "The People". Two great examples of the wonderful people.  About a month ago I left my phone in an Uber Cab (another great company).  The driver brought it back to the hotel and Lindsay (I hope I don't butcher her title) the Assistant GM had my phone waiting for me the next day at my home!  Today I checked in and they upgraded me to a Suite, but The Concierge Ariella went the extra step and sent me up a fruit plate with some waters.  A very nice touch.
I have an iron-clad rule about no 5-star reviews but i'm breaking it for this.
FIRST OFF- IF YOU END UP BOOKING WITH PALOMAR AND YOU SEE MEGAN AT THE FRONT DESK. TELL HER YOU READ ON YELP HOW AWESOME SHE IS AT HER JOB..seriously she deserves it

I live in philly, my parents came to visit and i put them up at the Palomar because other reviews and it looked chic.BEST DECISION EVER.

First of all, after realizing this was my parents first time in philly and wanted them to have a cool view. Megan offered us an upgrade on the room from the 11th floor up to the 21st floor in a city view room. Free of charge. She knew who i was and remembered all that info from a short conversation i had with her on the phone. I was IMPRESSED.
There are so many things i want to say about the importance of customer service to me but to be short- This place is hands down the most fun hotel i've been in. The staff are wonderful. Everyone from the front desk, to the cleaners. But it isnt that customer service that caters to hoity toity snobs to make them feel elite. (ahem...ritz carlton) It's the type that is friendly, fun, and super helpful no matter what. The room itself was cool, with a wonderful view. i'm getting scatter-brained so here are the highights:

-Customer service- World class and so so friendly
-Wine receptions every night?- AWESOMMEEEEE
-TRUFFLE OIL POPCORN- NOM NOM NOM
-Megan at the front desk- I have this weird hope your bosses see this review and give you praise and lots of raises because you are awesome and you are a huge reason why i'll always use Palomar now.
Avoid at all cost!!!. When you spend 300+ on a one night stay you expect excellence and this was anything but. I was my first time in Philly... And probably the last because of my memories associated with this horrible hotel.  

-got in room, way tinier than expected and I was expecting small. Smelled like foul odors, don't wanna get too graphic. Had to leave the hotel to kill some time while they cleared  the smell in the room. 

-bathroom is so tiny/in the middle of the room/a foot away from the bed. I felt like I was using the restroom with my fianc a few inches away from me.

-after finally getting to our semi less gross smelling room I went to get ice. Couldn't find machine. Asked house keeper she said 4th floor (what? Even the most rinky dink hotels have ice machines on all floors) went down only to realize you needed your room key to get ice. Wow. Had to go back upstairs.

-after finally getting ice, needed bottle opener. Called downstairs. After being on hold they said it was in the mini bar which needs a key. Waited 30 minutes for them to bring a key. After opening the mini bar, THERE WAS NO BOTTLE OPENER!! Had to call, be put on hold, waited ANOTHER 30 min for someone to bring us a bottle opener. We got so fed up my fianc went downstairs to go get it himself.

-our last night we went to the front desk to ask about a late checkout ( we wanted to plan out our activities for our last day). We spoke with the assistant manager who told us "to call in the morning", and that "it shouldn't be a problem". We called as soon as we woke up and before we could finish our sentence they responded with " we are completely booked and cannot provide a late checkout". This really upset. Why not tell us that the night before- so we could better plan out our last day?

-when leaving housekeeping had a few doors open and every other room seemed 2x the size of ours with many windows (we had 1 window facing a brick wall).  You better hope you don't get a corner room. Also you can hear EVERYTHING. Walls are paper thin 

Not happy at all.
Scored an Easter weekend special for this spot.  I usually wouldn't stay at places like these unless I can get some sort of deal (sorry, it's a poor people thang), but I am so glad that I got to stay here.

Stayed for two nights.  Booked the standard King bed room.  The discount I used gave us the same exact price for King and Queen.  Helloo, as if that's a choice needed to be made.  

I never saw the movie, but I kept calling this place "Hotel for Dogs"...because it is.  I can't tell you how many times I've taken an elevator up or down with a cute ass dog panting next to me.  Speaking of elevators, they are very slow.  If you end up catching one from a higher level, be prepared to get sardine can'd.

The decor was really cool, hip, modern - you get it.  The cleaning services were a bit strange.  My boyfriend and I checked in at around 3 and went to dinner around 6, only to come back two hours later to see that our room had a Kimpton zebra robe (which you can purchase from them for $90.  Comes in cheetah too!) moved from the closet to the bathroom, hung next to the shower.  Then the next day, they added $15 slipper socks to the closet.  Is this the equivalent to towel animals and chocolates on the bed?  It was quite strange but funny.

I missed the coffee and wine hour, but it's all good.  The staff was nice and friendly.  Loved the L'Occitane products in the bathroom, especially that yummy lemon soap for the shower.  Staying Rittenhouse Square felt equivalent to staying on 5th Avenue in Manhattan.  

Oh yea, don't bother with late night room service.  Save your money for tomorrow's yummy breakfast and go to sleep.  

A fun time was had.  Maybe I'll be back one day!
Runt of the Kimpton litter. Oh the disappointments continue. If the difference between a good hotel and a bad hotel at $500 is the little things then this ... I can't begin. From checkin with a newborn baby - "your room isn't ready until 3" and then it still wasn't ready by 4. To "no Kimpton frequent stayer (Karma funnily enough) benefits because you booked on orbitz". I had called Kimpton when I saw the orbitz rate and they said their price promise didn't apply to lower rates - yep, think about that!To a tv that didn't show movies. So I called and an engineer was supposed to come up. And they didn't. So we put the baby and us to bed and called to say don't bother with the tv and please don't disturb us. Very soon the door knocked, the baby woke etc etc. Opposite rules I suppose. To the stupid AC being the noisiest ever (exacerbated by the tiny room). To arriving weary at 6.02 the next day to the "prime attraction" of wine o'clock , to be offered a left over white wine , "but we won't open you the red" and anyway they packed up. It goes on. Not only does this hotel let itself down, but it let's down the Kimpton name. I hope they release it from their portfolio. Frankly in center city this space would be more useful as a parking lot. Or a dentist. Or yet another Starbucks. Disappointment and ripoff has a new name. Oh and the wait for the elevators ...
LOVED the DECOR, FUNKY FRESH and local artist added a great touch.  Each elevator is decorated like a living room with a fire place and matching decor. The service is great!  The hotel was buzzing with people and the staff is super friendly.  Location is great with the many options all around for sightseeing and dining and plain old fun!

Our room was pretty awesome, we got an upgrade to a suite with an amazing deep tub that fits two and a separate bedroom from the sitting area.  

Looking forward to more stays at the Palomar in PHILLY!  As this will be the hotel of choice when coming to visit family.
I just stayed here over Valentine's Day weekend which was also my boyfriend's birthday and had a very disappointing experience.  Let me preface by saying that I do travel for work on a bi weekly basis and therefore do have quite a bit of experience with 4-5 star hotels.  This hotel IS NOT a 4 star hotel.  It is a 3 star.  If I had paid between $200-$300 per night it would have been satisfactory but for $380/ night in Philly (which is the price of the Four Seasons, Ritz, etc) I really expected more.  

The "city view" room which is sold as an upgrade from the first level of room is TINY, it is smaller than any hotel room I have seen in Manhattan.  You can literally turn the TV on and off from the bed it is so narrow and this "city view" is of the back of a bunch of buildings not of the actual city and it's very very unattractive. The one picture window at the end of the room make this narrow room feel even more claustrophobic. 

The beds are very hard and bare bone, there is NO COMFORTER on the bed. This reminded me of a motel.  It is just a few layers of sheets with a thin blanket the foot of the bed.  When I think 4 Star hotel, I expect a very comfortably luxurious sleep with a down comforter as what is typical of a hotel.  This was not that.

The service is just not good.  I had filled out the upgrade request form that had been emailed to me prior to check in and at check in no one even acknowledged this and apologized that they were sold out.  I had to call down when I got to my tiny depressing room.  We then ordered a bottle of prosecco to the room (terrible $8 bottle which with delivery fee and gratuity cost us $80!!!!) and it was delivered with wine glasses instead of champagne glasses and then we were treated like we were crazy when we asked for the appropriate glasses.

Valentine's Day we had the do not disturb on our door which clearly meant "do disturb" because housekeeping  called our room and told us what time her shift was up and asked me to schedule the cleaning and tell her the exact time we would be leaving.  I have never ever seen this at a 4 star hotel, extremely unprofessional. Anyone in any service industry knows that this type of scheduling should be kept behind the scenes from the customer.

The hot chocolate in the lobby would have been a nice touch during a freezing cold snowy weekend but 4 out of 5 times I went to get some (all different times of the day) over the weekend it was totally empty.

Upon check out, I was not even asked how my stay was , the guy was just rude and indifferent.

Anyone who knows Philly knows that $380/ night for a room is a premium price and this stay was one of the worst hotel stays I had in many years.  Was my first time trying out Kimpton and most likely my last.
An upscale boutique hotel with attention to detail. I loved the modern interior and friendliness of the staff. In some ways it reminds me of a modern version of a B&B in that they encourage the quests to get to know each other by offering refreshments in the main room. 
* I love how Coffee/Tea is served in the main room with lots of seating. There are even apples/oranges for the taking. 
* Happy Hour is amazing. They offer complimentary Wine from 5 to 7 and on some days, they also offer the local craft Beer. EVERY THURSDAY, they have Life Music and Margaritas and Hors d'oeuvres. In particular, Dom was amazing. He gave us tips on places to eat and made us feel welcome. During happy hour, he graciously moved among the guests, refilled wine glasses and answering questions. Thanks for tip on Insomnia Cookies, we loved it.
* They have complimentary Bike rental for touring the city.
* If you need something printed out, you can email it to one of the staff at the front desk and they will print it for you. Thank you Joselyn!
* There is also a restaurant and bar within the building if needed.
* We are 50 years old and all the art museums are within walking distance.
* The rooms are modern comfortable and I love the velvet chairs!
* They have eclectic comfy animal print robes! When it rained they let us borrow their animal print umbrellas. Very Fun. Thank you guys on making our trip special!
Stayed here for one night last November when I was in town for a show.  Loved the lobby with the fun Philly theme.  The woman who greeted us at the front desk was extremely nice and was very helpful with directions for where we were heading.  The room itself was a bit strange-I believe it was a corner room-so it had a weird "hallway" that seemed a bit like wasted space.  We had a "city view" room, which had a decent view of the surrounding area.  As usual, the bed was comfortable and I liked the colors and decor in the room.  The bathroom was a bit tiny, but no biggie, as I was only there for one night.  I would not hesitate to stay there again when In Philly.
February 15 was our 2nd visit here specifically for the tub.  There was a free happy hour when we checked in with wine and popcorn.  The hotel is beautiful and the staff is super friendly. Two staff members  checked to make sure I was helped while I waited for RJ to park. Lots of cute dogs in the lobby. Bring bath bombs, the tub is amazing, and Atelier Bloem bath products are incredible. Especially the citrus mandarin.
It's funny. There's another Kimpton near me, here in SF, CA, The Triton, which we used to frequent quite a bit. But lately, this Philly Kimpton's been stealing our heart!
LOCATION! Location! LOCATION! ~right? Everyone wants to be centrally located to good food, the farmer's market, a rite aid, a Barney's it's close to everything you kinda hope for when you travel!

This most recent stay sealed the deal on consistency of comfort, quiet rooms and SUPER concierge! (thank you Kayla!!)

We are now on a Kimpton Kick! We haven't even brought our dog yet but now we are considering it! This summer we look forward to trying out a Kimpton in Portland. (no dog though in tow. ;()
 
It's not overly cookie cuttered like a W. There's restraint from "something not so massive" being held back that you really feel "there" when you're there. People know who you are, coming and going and the staff from door guy onto desk is polite, friendly & very, very helpful!

I highly suggest looking up the Kimpton site to see what cities they are in and giving them a try. This is the new way to stay in a hotel for sure!

*And of course, we all deserve a treat at happy hour whether it's Warm Cookies in SF or a glass of wine & Popcorn in Philly! ~ and they give you that!

**I do hold back one star in that the attached eatery whichI'm not sure is part of the Hotel has some LOUD people and the staff seems really put out every time we go in~long wait for help, menu, food. Kinda weird to be connected to such a great hotel.
I am still giving this stay 4 out of 5 stars despite some wear and tear I was not expecting and having a financial hiccup two days post check out. We enjoyed our stay that much. Had I done this review this past Monday the star count might be lower. 

Pros
*Location is great and highly walkable.
*Friendly and helpful staff.
*Check in took one whole minute.
*Spa tab was amazing. I almost never left it.
*Bed was comfortable.
*Valet was super efficient upon arriving and upon leaving.
*We only ate at the onsite restaurant for breakfast but it was great.
*Hotel is stylish.
*The one thing we needed for the room was immediately supplied. Their text for service option works great.
*Our room was very quiet. We were on the 20th floor so we heard nothing from the street below. There is construction below but I only heard it faintly once in the bathroom in the morning despite there being plenty of heavy equipment being used. We were just around the corner from the elevator. I didn't hear the elevator or anyone in nearby rooms or traveling through the halls. We were pleasantly surprised by how quiet it was.
*The Atelier Bloem products smelled delicious. I loved how they were in the shower in large pump containers rather than small hotel sized samples. Those smaller hotel sized containers are more difficult to get the product out of for use. I never use the hotel products, but, I did during this visit. I had great hair days during our visit. 

Cons 
*There was more wear and tear on a nearly $500 per night City View Spa Room than I expected. Chipped paint, chipped furniture, larger stains on carpet, and rust (mildew?) on trims in bathroom. I realize things cannot stay pristine and perfect forever but a little touch up could do the room some good.
*Small hairs on exterior bowl of toilet upon arrival. I am very particular so things like this just immediately draw my eye. I spotted a decent amount of dust at the top of the bathroom sliding pocket door. I meant to dust that before we checked out, but, I forgot. The room overall did not feel unclean to me, but, that was a turn off.
*I happened to check my account on the Monday morning post our Saturday morning check out to see if my incidentals hold came off my card. I discovered that the hotel had charged me twice for my stay as well as some odd $41 charge. This also caused me to look more closely at the bill posted on the IHG App to see that they charged me $90 per night (not $45 per) for the higher floor charge. I called the hotel which had no explanation on why/how this happened. They said the remedy would take 5-10 days to right itself and that I should call my bank because that is literally all they can do for me. Luckily, 24 hours in the double charge was gone. It is Wednesday and the $41 charge is still pending. I don't see a $90 credit being processed at all on my account. I will have to continue to watch to ensure this gets handled and call back. This was initially very stressful as I was worried about the $1,300 being not available for my use for the immediate future. I am happy that righted itself quicker than they said it would. However, now I have an administrative task to follow up on. This is not what you want on your plate post a luxurious and much needed 3 day break from reality. 
*Homeless/panhandling activity in the area is quite active and disconcerting. This is not the hotel's fault and we noted a difference all throughout the other areas. I do not recall it being this bad in the past. Our first night walk home from dinner near 13th street we did not feel safe due to abundant suspicious activity once we crossed over Broad back to the hotel.  Be aware.
*Our city view king spa's view was of South Philly in the distance NOT the Liberty bldgs. I noted the website does not offer a specific side of the building. It was nice to watch the planes land when in the tub and it didn't ruin our experience because it IS still a city view. I did use the text system to ask if there are any spa rooms on the other side of the bldg for when we come back and I was told no. Evidently, all of the King Spa City Views are in the 02 room on each floor which faces the other way. We were in 2002. I found that to be odd but I will take their word for it.  This is just a heads up that if you splurge for this room type, you will not have the prettier view of the Liberty Place bldgs. I intend to reconfirm what I was told via text when I book in the future. 

Overall, a great stay at a great place with some hiccups. We will come back.
These guys totally deserve one star.  Ordered room service and they forgot my order completely, called back and they said they had no record of an order. Room is small for the price. There is no coffee maker in the room and only have one bar of soap guess I have to share between the bathroom sink and shower.
My wife and I recently took a trip to Philly to celebrate our first anniversary. We were open to where we stayed and in what part of the city, but our one requirement was a hotel with a hot tub. Unfortunately with covid the public pools, hot tubs, and fitness areas are closed at most/all hotels. We ended up finding this place which for a very reasonable price allowed you to upgrade to an in room jacuzzi tub that comfortably fit two adults. Overall this hotel was clean, modernly decorated, and quiet. It's very centrally located and would definitely go back. One comment is the door was locked, you can't see the front desk from the door, and there was no notice about what to do. Eventually we figured out there was a doorbell to ring. They really should have had a sign of some sort.
I recently stayed here for one night while visiting some family in the Philadelphia area.   

The hotel was great and the decor is wonderful.  A few days before my arrival I got an email from their guest service department and they welcomed me to their hotel and wanted to know if there was anything they could do for me.  They were able to answer a few questions for me including getting information about parking.  After some research, the hotels $37 parking fee was actually the cheapest way to go. 

We did have cocktails in their bar and the staff was great.  Very friendly and chatted with us about our trip.  All the staff did their best to make us feel a home in their hotel. 

Later on that night after coming back to the hotel from dinner, we needed ice.  I soon discovered that the only ice machine in the whole hotel is in the gym on the 4th floor.  I was on the 17th floor!  They offered to bring me ice but it would be about a 20 min wait.  I ended up running downstairs for ice... 

The best part of the stay was discovering leopard print and zebra print robes in the closet to use!  They were a hoot!  They also have a signature purple umbrella that we ended up wanting so we took it.  We got charged $40 bucks for it... but we love it! 

I so want to give the hotel 5 stars but can't due to their valet staff.  Valet is the first and last people you meet.  You  would hope they give a good impression but I can say that they did not.  The valet staff was the only bad thing about the stay.   The morning I left, I went to the bell stand with my car ticket and all my luggage.  It was pouring rain.   We waited about 10 min and then a rude female manager approached me and asked me for my ticket number again.  She looked at it and then ran off.  About 5 min later, a latin man approached us and asked again for my ticket number.  He said that my car was ready.... where I asked?  He said it was around the corner.   They did not pull my car up to the front of the hotel but had brought it up and parked it around the corner.  I asked him to bring the car to the front due to the rain and he said no... 

I was done... I picked up all the luggage... dragged it around the corner of the hotel and then packed my car in the pouring rain while the valet man stood there under his umbrella.  I finally told him to just go away because he was not helping and he was not getting any sort of tip from us.   I was soaked by the time I got in my car. 

I did write to the hotel to tell them about the challenge and they have since written back a few time apologizing for the challenge and refunding me the $37 for the parking fee. 

I will definitely be staying at the Hotel Palomar again but I will never bring my car there!  Taxi or I will leave my car at my sisters!
Could not find any complaints about the hotel staff, room, or check-in/check-out process. 

We had the King Spa City View room on the 18th floor and everything was cozy. Room was not very big, but it had a desk, and a cozy couch, so that was more than enough. 

Free wifi, a $10 credit to use for the in room drinks/snack bar (if you're a Karma member), large flat screen TV perfectly situated in front of the bed, high ceilings, floor to ceiling windows , central AC (which is not something I see often in hotel rooms), which meant that the room always stayed chilly and even temperature throughout, rather than blasting cold air on one body part. A cozy couch by the window, cute little stool chairs tucked into a corner, which came in handy when we brought food back to the room and needed additional seats. 

Of course in these rooms, the main draw is the bathroom. My husband thought the room  was smaller than expected, but it had to be in order to accommodate such a large spa like bathroom. Huge soaking, jacuzzi tub! Loved that it was made to sit in comfortably, with built in seating. Other large jacuzzi tubs, I would always sink in and have cramps in my lower back from hunching. The tub and shower are connected, so you can literally have a soak, then climb out and take a shower. The climb out of the tub is high though, even if there is a step you can climb down on, but this might only be a problem for shorties like me. It was super relaxing being able to soak, and my husband could also shower at the same time. It made the bath seem like a sauna at the same time! A large ledge by the window to put toiletries or what not, but I happened to lie there in a robe (which are animal prints, thick, warm, and comfy) with a face mask on. It was hard not to doze off. 

I personally didn't think the view was anything special, as it was really just buildings and streets, parking lots, but I did like that you could take a bath at night, soak and relax, and keep the shades open, lights off or dimmed, and still feel as if you are in your own private little world, with the soft glow from the night time illuminating everything.

Since this is a dog friendly hotel, I did smell hints of dog on the bed, mostly on the pillows. 

I also felt it was weird that the ice machine was in the gym, as I'm used to places that have one on every floor. 

Check-in/Check-out was fast and smooth, in spite of lines. Bell hops were always around, staff members were by the doors, opening them for you. 

Very friendly and welcoming, close by to a ton of restaurants, and a 24 hour Rite Aid around the corner for water and snacks, as well as Federal Donuts -- a great motivation to wake up in the morning. Can't wait to come back for a long weekend.
Be prepared to be awakened at 5:30 am to the sound of really loud construction. They are not transparent about it. Avoid at all costs.
Firstly I want to say that the staff has been very good universally. Special kudos to Savannah for finding me an upgraded room after the one I was checked into originally had three problems with it, those being the TV not working, the desk chair broken, and one of the telephone's not working. I stayed here before a long time ago and frankly I remember it being much nicer. I recently stayed at the hotel Monaco which is part of the same group and I have to say it was substantially nicer and seems much more up-to-date and modern. For example the idea that I can't use my telephone to connect to the television and watch Netflix and Hulu and programs such as that is way out of date for a modern hotel. Likewise my room keys became in active not once but twice. Internet is spotty. General condition of the hotel is only average. Again the staff has been very nice no complaints there but Until they upgrade the hotel I don't think I'll be a coming back unfortunately and I say unfortunately because I'm a fan of the Kimpton group generally speaking.
On one of my past stays they remembered that I love darjeeling tea. They no longer carry it and Arielle from guest services when out and had some in our room! They also had popcorn and saratoga seltzer for us! 

They always write me little notes welcoming me back! I love Kimptons!
