Such a late review but came here on a business trip and omg! This hotel is absolutely adorable with its Alice in Wonderland theme! Every detail from the bathroom, to the closet, to the curtains, and to the walls were all beautiful, unique, chic, and modern.

Additional Info: 
* complimentary happy hour from 5pm to 6pm
* complimentary coffee & tea in the morning 
* no bible in the room like traditional hotel... they have a copy of Alice's Adventure in Wonderland as a substitute 
* great location! Walking distant to many attractions (museums, historical sites, restaurants, etc.)
* great service
* super comfortable bed
This review is of the private spaces at Hotel Monaco. I have not actually stayed there or seen any of their guest rooms, but I did swing by recently for a site visit and I was completely blown away by the gorgeous decor and fabulous layout. The lobby area is filled with unique chairs, tables and decorative pieces, all of which are bright, colorful and patterned, all of which still manage to exist in harmony despite the craziness. 

The large event space fits up to 350 with the adjoining area across the hall, and the space manages a personality that is both classy and modern. It's a refreshing change from your standard hotel ballrooms. For smaller meetings, there are several board rooms on the lower level, plus a gorgeous private dining room that would be perfect for a swanky bachelor or bachelorette party. Or a fancy business lunch, I suppose. 

The rooftop lounge, Stratus, is also incredible. There is great indoor and outdoor space, separated by funky glass garage doors. Plus, there are two private rooms on each side of the outdoor area that are just really cool. I am really looking forward to checking out this space when the weather gets warmer. 

In summary, I'd like to plan every private party at the Hotel Monaco.
I love the Kimpton Hotels, so I'm going to assume this was just a blip. I've never experienced bed bugs or fleas, but I'm pretty sure I had one of the two after my stay. I was hanging out in my room a good portion of the day one of the two days I stayed there. I noticed the day I left I started getting tiny red bumps all up and down my legs. They were super itchy for almost 2 weeks. 

I wish I didn't have to write a negative review, but hopefully they'll just note it and do a better job of cleaning. The room seemed clean and I actually was upgraded to a tub room, which was so luxurious! I totally would have been in five star heaven if not for my itchy legs! 

I will note, the restaurant attached to the hotel was great and convenient. They even gave me free tea outside the normal hours of offering the comp tea in the lobby.
I think this eclectically upscale hotel should probably win some Art Deco-stylized loving cup for Best Repurpose of a Historical Building Into a High-End Hotel. It was formerly the Lafayette Building, an 11-story office building built in 1906 and left vacant for several years due to the recession until the ever-resourceful Kimpton Hotel chain gave it a complete makeover inside. On the corner of 5th and Chestnut, It's right across the street from both Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell, so you may want to pimp out your powdered wig and practice your minuet moves. Alas, I wasn't there for any patriotic pleasures.

I was there for work and could merely enjoy the holiday card scene of Independence Hall outside my window (photo: http://bit.ly/U8kGYg). As it turned out, that was just fine because the room was a Deluxe One Bedroom Suite that was priced at an astonishingly low $171 on a wintry weeknight in January. Although the interior styling points to a historic restoration, the colors and patterns applied are bold and contemporary (photo: http://bit.ly/1o1OvUV). Look at the gigantic floral designs on the carpet, the Revolutionary War-era wall treatments (photo: http://bit.ly/T8ZEbh), the hard geometry of the shelving units and occasional tables, and the words of wisdom stenciled in the closet (photo: http://bit.ly/1kDxzhQ)

Your eye then gets drawn to the bright yellow doors (photo: http://bit.ly/1l1ZpsJ), the shiny mauve armoire housing the TV set (photo: http://bit.ly/1wYu3bL), the uniform iron-gate pattern of the wallpaper, and the lamp with the greyhound sitting dutifully at the base (photo: http://bit.ly/1nJxZeM). The standalone spa tub and deluxe shower are enough to lull you into a transcendental state (photo: http://bit.ly/1hu4MSF). There's also the Red Owl Tavern downstairs and a rooftop lounge. In fact, there's even a free hosted wine bar between 5 and 6 PM every day. Because of its unique location, the only downside to the Monaco is that any other dining or libation destination will require you take a cab. Otherwise this hotel is a genuine knockout.
A new boutique hotel in Olde City, Philly - just across the street from Independence hall and the liberty bell. Great location, and an absolutely drop- dead gorgeous entrance space / lobby . Beautiful furniture, lighting decor, and bright welcoming pieces that are funky, yet fabulous - and somehow all fit together. I can't wait to attend an event or stay here - but for now, a woman can dream, can't she ? !
I loved this hotel. I'm not often jazzed about hotel stays but this spot checked a lot of boxes for me. 

There's a lot to love, but to be honest, the only thing I disliked is that our room had zero natural light. Our view on our Deluxe Room, 2 Queen Bed room was literally of a brick wall that filtered zero light. It was pretty disorienting never knowing what time it actually was. It was just a tad disappointing that for the price we were kept in darkness like ugly trolls.

Beyond that, the location is great. It's in walking distance of multiple restaurants, parks, and other historical spots in Old City. The location is super desirable to go outside and simply wander or catch an uber to nearby shops, local art or other destinations. I also enjoyed the decor in the hotel - its modern, uniquely colorful, and with classy historical undertones. You can turn corners in this hotel and stumble across chandeliers made of historical ships, small artistic details mimicking historical portraits or a very comfortable lobby where you can sit and do work in an inspiring environment. The hotel is also dog-friendly, so its AMAZING how many very good floofers you can love on if you just hang out there long enough.

When we come back to Philadelphia we will stay here again.
Can't even begin to describe what exceptional service this hotel chain aspires to. Though there was a line when we checked in, the front desk staff still made the interaction personable yet efficient to move it quickly along. The rooms and decor have a modern art deco vibe. Very clean, fast elevators, friendly staff and comp wine hour! The fitness rooms were impressive and even had complimentary issues of Vogue.  We are absolutely hooked and have become Kimpton hotel brand loyal customers. All hotels should aspire to be like this!

Additional reasons Why We Love This Hotel:
-Pet friendly (no charge!)
-Sign up for Kimpton Rewards and get free wifi 
-Everything in Philly walking distance from here! 
-Great, safe location
-Personal items available in case you forgot to pack something
3.5 STARS 

Didn't love this Kimpton. 

PARKING: Is off site during covid times, no valet so you'll pay $26 a night at a lot about a 7-8min walk away. This was a bit shocking but not a total game changer. Obviously would have preferred on site.

Location was good, service was great but the place seemed a bit run down to me - like it could use a fresh coat of paint. The bed was comfy, the robes in the closet seemed as though they could use a refresh (I wore the one that didn't have a hole in it, but robes shouldn't have holes in them at a hotel). 

There was also some bit a debris on the 6th floor near the elevator that sat unattended to for three days. I can cook but I'm not great at cleaning and this nearly had me wanting to find the nearest vacuum just so I didn't have to look at it each time I came and went. 

My first night, saturday a bunch of loud music from another room was taking place and annoying. It was late into the night and I was on LA time so when I say late, I'm staying up at least three hours later that EST bedtime. I didn't want to ruin the fun so I tried my best to fall asleep during it. 

The water pressure in the shower was good so I did catch myself acting in my pre covid usual fashion of multiple showers a day to enjoy it. 

I'm not sure I'd recommend this hotel, I would probably select a different one in the future hoping for a tidier and better experience than this one which definitely has room for improvement.
It's amazing how "loud" wallpaper and décor can make a typical hotel room seem far from normal.

This is what you'll find here at the Kimpton Monaco, where many things about the rooms are visually striking, whether huge patterns and in-your-face wording all over the walls, plus huge armoires, desks, and light fixtures that give rooms an antiquish, boutiquish feel. The bed itself was plush and comfortable, while the folks at the front desk ranged from cheery to indifferent.

Best of all is the location: one block away from Independence Hall and the NPS visitor center. Perfect for sightseeing, and not too far (about a 20 minute walk) from downtown and Rittenhouse Square.
I don't typically write long (or negative) reviews but this stay deserves some attention.
The BF and I went for a long weekend in Philly from NYC to check it out and see the city. Neither of us had ever been there. Since I get a slightly discounted rate to the luxurious Kimpton hotel group I decided on the Monaco for it's style and its rooftop bar.
in terms of style it 100% delivered. We got the corner King spa suite on the highest floor and it was stunning. Decor was amazing, high ceilings, views of the Liberty bell and surrounding green area, and a fantastic spa bathroom with a soaking tub.

Here's where the problems started.
1) There was no bubble bath anywhere to be found in the room for the tub. If I pay enough to get one of the corner king spa rooms, give me some friggin $10 bubble bath with it.
Then we noticed the smell.
2) The sheets smelled so bad (like mildew) we had to ask the front desk to change them. Which they did, no problem. But they came back smelling only incrementally better.
3) The bathroom smelled slightly like a mixture of mildew and BO.
4) The towels surprisingly did NOT smell like they had sat in a wet soaking pile for too long. Instead, they smelled like food/cooking oil. (Which is also what the replacement sheets smelled like when we had them brought up).
So I started looking around for the source of the smell and here we have the next two points of contention:
5) The windows don't open. Like... at all. Like not even a little. So you're pretty much sealed in a room full of the steam from your bath with no bubbles.
6) I noticed on the black carpet of the room that they only vacuum under the bed to the point where the vacuum can reach. So theres about a 4'x4' square under the bed of a thick dust layer. -.-
7) They had the room set to an environment destroying 68 degrees F so I turned it up to 72. And guess what. No option other than to turn the whole thing off, or THE HEAT TURNS ON. So instead of the AC shutting itself off until it gets too hot, the heat and AC alternate on and off to get your temperature right. Nothing like the heat blasting on in 90 degree (outside) June Philly weather.

We decided to just make the best of it and head up to the rooftop bar later that night when we came across the next issue.
8) The bouncers in the hotel lobby for the rooftop bar wouldn't let my bf in without "dress shoes."
He was wearing a gorgeous pair of $300 suede pastel sneakers with a dress shirt and dress pants. He looked great. And we're a purdy good looking couple in our 20s. And also: WE ARE HOTEL GUESTS AND IT IS 10PM. Just let us up to the damn roof. 
They were so serious about the policy that I bet you could be a famous musician in a pair of exclusive Jordan's and you'd be denied entry.
But here's the kicker (pun intended): there were ropes set up outside for people to line up to get into the club and NO ONE WAS IN THEM THE WHOLE NIGHT. Lol.
in truth, I don't believe they should make exceptions to the rule for certain people or even for hotel guests, but I DO think that that rule is making it so that hipper young people don't go there. Hence the lack of people in line to go up.

9) Lastly, a few hours ago... 3 days after the trip I get a text that says this "Good Afternoon (my name), just checking to make sure everything's OK with your room. Is there anything that you need?" - Jasmine."

Well Jasmine, it's 3 days after I'm even there so what I need is a... time machine I suppose? But in all seriousness- yeah, where do I start?
This place is super adorable! The decor wonderful and well designed. It's print upon print in the guestrooms. My friend booked one of the suites for her wedding and used it as her bridal suite the morning of the wedding. There was enough room for 3 stylists and almost 10 other girls running around and getting ready! A great location and view as this is right on the corner of the Liberty Bell. 

The decor was so cute. Nice furniture and enough room to hangout with mimosas, food and makeup. The bathroom was fab! A huge area to get ready and then a glass wall divided the shower and the lovely, modern tub complete with bath salts to relax after the wedding. 

Bonus! This place is pet friendly. So we brought her kitty into the bridal suite to hangout with us while we got ready and take pics!
I'm telling you, once you start staying at Kimpton's you are not going to want to ever go to another hotel chain again. 

My fiance and I came to Philly for what was my Christmas gift: to see a concert at the Electric Factory, catch up with my college best friend, and enjoy the city, and of course, Kimpton was the only way to go. 

From the second we pulled our car up to valet, we were met with so much warmth from the doormen and valet himself, who helped us with our bags. We walked into the huge reception area (where wine hour was held that night) and took in the bright yellow wallpaper, fireplace, gorgeous blue velvet couches and wing chairs, and knew that we made the right decision in hotels. 

We described Hotel Monaco as being modern vintage - it sounds so crazy, but if you walk into that lobby, you'll get it. Bright patterns, bright colors, but then classic furniture - it's absolutely gorgeous. Upon check in, we were each given a glass of champagne, which is not at all the worst way to start your ride up the elevator (room level floors have to be accessed by your key). 

Our Parkview King room had the best view of Independence Hall I've ever seen - it was absolutely gorgeous. The room itself had mismatched wallpaper throughout, yellow doors, a huge king bed, and gorgeous accessories. We were hooked right away (I fell in LOVE with the wallpaper in the bathroom. Like, in LOVE). 

We sipped our champagne and waited for wine hour (while obviously taking selfies and pictures out of the gorgeous window), when we received a phone call from the front desk asking for our feedback on the room, and to make sure we were happy with everything. That detail alone is enough to rave about the Kimpton customer service (a recurring theme in my reviews!), but then there was a knock on the door from hospitality, where they brought us a plate of adorable macarons and a bottle of Chardonnay, accompanying a handwritten note welcoming us and telling us to enjoy the weather. It's those personal touches that mean so much and have such an impact on the overall experience at a hotel, and Hotel Monaco truly delivered and made everything so wonderful. 

Wine hour was phenomenal, and also featured beer, which was pretty awesome to include for non wine drinkers. This wine hour was the busiest I've ever seen at a Kimpton hotel, and apparently (according to the lovely front desk staff), because of their location, they get a ton of foot traffic (fiance and I speculated foot traffic by those who know about wine hour and decide to dip in). You can always bring a glass of wine back to your room, which is another huge advantage.

All in all, gorgeous space, friendly valet (it is expensive, but to us it was worth it for the convenience), wonderful and attentive staff who go out of their way to welcome you, and quirky decorations all over... Plus, wine hour. Hello wine hour. We will absolutely be back and will continue to rave (and Insta post like a monster) all the pictures from our trip.
Spent Valentine's Day weekend at the Kimpton and loved it! Really chic, modern hotel that takes the decor up 100 notches. Right across from the Liberty Bell, this hotel boasts beautiful views of Philly. Although we did want a park view room and wasn't able to get that due to the busy weekend, the staff were very accommodating and friendly. Super comfortable bed,  cool room with a nice bathroom & theres also the hotel's restaurant downstairs which was buzzing with lovers from far and near. There is a parking lot about a 7 min walk from the hotel and on your way there you'll find lots of restaurants, cafes and shops, very central location. Loved my time here would definitely recommend.
Beautiful hotel but we were not treated nicely. We got the majestic suite which was $1000 for the night for a birthday girls night. The check in staff and concierge looked down on us. I'm not sure if it was because we were black, locals or both. The man in the elevator area rolled his eyes and literally had his nose in air towards us. We all picked up on it though we came in at different times and it was very unsettling because we were nothing but nice to them.
Decided to book a spontaneous evening downtown same day thru booking.com. I paid $300 for a king room. We checked in late, being that this was a last minute, off the cuff decision. Upon checking in, we were told that the room we booked was no longer available but they were upgrading us to the suite, which was the best room in the hotel. Only catch was the bed was queen size. We thought, awesome, they made a mistake, but are giving us an upgrade & we can deal with a queen bed. Or so we thought. We entered our room & there was a large sitting area & dining area with a small bathroom off to the side. We went to open the door that presumably led to the bedroom portion of the suite, but it was locked. So we called the concierge, who informed us that the bedroom portion of the suite was booked by another guest & we were only being given the lounge portion of the suite. Um, wtf?!? Are you kidding me! Then the best part-but where do we sleep? They told us the couch in the lounge pulls out to a very comfortable queen size bed! I thought they were joking. $300 a night for a pullout bed? Ludicrous. Absolutely unacceptable. We went down to the concierge to inform them that a pullout bed was entirely unacceptable. They informed us that because we booked thru a third party, we weren't guaranteed a room type. They said the hotel was completely booked & there was nothing they could do. They offered us nothing for this inconvenience. At this point I was very irritated. We were already late for our dinner reservation due to the hotel issue. I had to ASK them to locate us a room in another hotel as my friend has a bad back & a sofa bed would simply not work. They balked. I insisted. They said they'd try. They found us another room in a nearby hotel. I ASKED (they did not offer) them to transfer our bags and my car that I valeted to the alternate hotel while we went to the dinner we were already late to. The concierge said they were unable to do so. Our options were take the sofa bed or transfer to the other hotel ourselves. It was getting late, we were going to miss our reservation. I ASKED for a discount on the room, they offered 50% off. $150 for a night on a sofa bed as if we were in college was far too much. The staff said there was nothing else they could do. I had to ASK for them to comp us for an additional nights stay at a later date, to which they complied. I had to ASK for them to comp our valet for our trouble. I had to ASK for them to make up the sofa bed. I had to ASK them to bring towels & robes to the room to make it more comfortable. In the morning, when I woke up, I was angry all over again. My back was killing me, the pullout bed was incredibly uncomfortable. They apologized many times, but at the end of the day-I paid $300 to sleep on a sofa bed. They OFFERED us nothing. I had to argue with them as opposed to them admitting their error & trying to rectify it. Basically, they assumed we weren't coming as it was late & resold our room. I've loved all of the other Kimpton brand hotels I've stayed at. I'm astonished at the poor level of service I experienced at this location. Terribly disappointed, it's a beautiful hotel I really wanted to love.  

Edited-I forgot. They did OFFER us something-free breakfast. Which we declined. It was insulting.
Arrived at 1:00 AM on Saturday morning (Friday night) to check in from flight from West Coast. They put me in a room on same floor as the Stratus rooftop nightclub. Loud thumping bass makes it impossible to sleep. Asked manager to put me in another room. Told all others were sold out, only option was to put me in a nearby Best Western, or stay in this room and move to another room the next day. I told the manager neither was an acceptable option but given the hour, I returned to the room. I was told the loud music would end at 1:30 am.  When it continued,. I  again called the front desk person and she said she'd "check on it" but it "usually" ended at 1:30 am.  The music continued, so I called the front desk again at 1:45 a.m.  The person on duty said that she had passed on my concerns to the manager of the Stratus, but that there was nothing she could do about the music because Stratus is under separate management.  
 
The music went on until 2 a.m.  I ended up getting only about 3 hours sleep. They evidently care more about the revenue from a night club than their loyal guests

  About 7 am, I packed up my belonging again, went down to the front desk, and left my luggage with them to be moved to a different room.  The manager on duty apologized and offered a $200 credit toward purchases at the hotel's restaurant during the stay.  

Later in the day, I returned to the hotel and the new (quieter) room.

Regrettably though, when checking out this morning, the hotel reneged on the $200 credit, saying they could only authorize a $100 credit.  I said that that this was unacceptable, that they needed to honor the amount promised at the day before.  At this point, I am still in the process of disputing the charges.

I am a Kimpton Karma member. Have stayed at this hotel before, many times on business, and at other Kimptons. My employer has a contract with them. Yet the first obligation of any hotel is to provide a restful quiet environment for its guest. They have failed not only on this count, they failed by reneging on their offer of a credit because of the problems I encountered.  

Stayed November 2015, traveled on businessYour review helps others learn about great local businesses.

Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.
The hotel facility might be spotlessly new and clean, but this is not a well run ship. 

I checked in at midnight last night only to be woken up at 5:50 AM this morning with loud hammering, banging and clattering in the room behind my headboard. Hotel guests above me where banging on their floors in an act of frustration. I called the front desk at 6:00 AM, and asked that they send Security up; however, the noise continued. I called back down again, and found after asking if a guest was in room 616 that it was actually construction workers (who started work early in the morning on a floor with guests). To make matters worse, even after call #2 the noise continued. On call #3 to the front desk I found out that Engineering had simply asked the crew to stop doing "whatever it is that's noisy", and hadn't asked them to stop working and leave the room.

I don't know about you, but room quietness is one of the top priorities for any room in the hotel business. I have never experienced what I did here, and as a result I'm really short on sleep today.
I don't I could ever be more irate or upset at a hotel I did not stay at.
Yesterday morning at 9 am, I called Hotel Monaco to arrange champagne delivery for a friend who was in Philadelphia for the weekend and staying as a guest for one night. I spoke to a pleasant woman Kristin to said it was no problem, took down my card information and information, and told me there was only one option for a bottle of champagne anyway and she would look up the pricing for me. Everything seemed set.

I get an email after 3pm from Kristin stating actually I had to fill out a credit card authorization form and fax/email it back and she had told the evening shift about my situation and I should follow-up with them. She included the message I wanted to include in the gift. I then called Jim, the Guest Service MANAGER and sure enough, I had to fill out a credit card authorization form. I immediately sent it to him after I spoke with him and called back to make sure it was received. He told me I needed to send over a copy of my ID and the front and back of my credit card with the form. I told him I did not feel comfortable, but he ensured this was all confidential.

I called back twice (this is now 5 or 6pm) and Jim was "not available". I left a message with someone at the desk to check his email so everything could be settled. I also emailed Jim for a confirmation that everything was received My original plan was for the bottle of champagne to be waiting for my friend at check-in. I felt bad pestering the guy Jim so I wanted to wait for him to return my call/email.

No news. I called at 9 pm. Oh, he just was checking the email. He told me it was  "so busy right now" and they were incredibly busy. He then asked me, "What kind of champagne would you like?" I told him I thought there was only ONE kind and he said know they actually have quite a selection. Wouldn't that be an appropriate question to ask BEFORE taking down all of my credit card information? Why are you asking me at 9 pm? At this point I chose the most expensive bottle of champagne that was $125. I asked if it was possible for the delivery to be sent out soon. Jim told me again that it was really busy but he will "make every effort" for it to be delivered tonight. THANKS!! So I'm anxiously waiting for my bottle to be delivered late at night. I finally get a confirmation email from Jim at MIDNIGHT saying the bottle was successfully delivered.

Today, I ask my friend if a bottle was received. After all that trouble..... they never received a bottle. My credit card was charged $135. They already checked out of the hotel. I call the hotel and apparently Jim is in today, but the front desk took down my information and I am STILL waiting for a call back.

This is absolutely the worst situation I have ever had at a hotel, absolutely poor service and I haven't even stayed. I ultimately have 6 emails, about 10 phone calls, started at 9am trying to arrange this ONE bottle of champagne and it STILL never happened. Worst of all, the birthday passed and all I have to show for it is $135 out of my account for NOTHING. The disorganization, lack of accurate information and inefficiency is unacceptable.
We travel on average 3-4 days a week mostly for business.  In the past we have always picked a Kimpton property over a Four Seasons, Ritz or St Regis for the fun "Boutique" experience and comfort.  This Hotel Monaco in Philadelphia was our first negative experience with Kimpton Hotels.

Checking in was a breeze as always.  Great and courteous staff from valet to check in.  Our one bedroom suite was great!  Oh, until it was time to sleep...

We order a pot of coffee from room service, a bucket of ice and 2 glasses with two breakfasts from room service for morning.  It was odd the person taking my order wanted to argue with me that there is an ice machine on my floor and I can get the ice myself.  Really???  Well I guess I also could go to the restaurant and skip room service as well, but I was ordering "room service."  Ha ha

We lay in bed to notice the one and only AC vent in the bedroom blows right in your face.  All nights the top sheet and comforter are tucked unusually so far down, we had to remake the bed to pull them up over our head.  We wake up freezing and keep turning up the AC warmer.  I finally get up in the middle of the night standing on a chair and try to adjust the blades on the vent and you can't.  We turn it off as we were freezing to wake up sweating in the night.  The next night we turn the AC off in the bedroom and turn on the AC in the living room only leaving the door open and it seems to be ok, then it shuts off in the night and you wake up sweaty again..?  All three nights we had an absolutely miserable sleep.

During the night and early morning there are church bells that ring?

We are on PST zone so we requested an 8AM wake up call.  At 7:30AM not 8 we are a knocking at the door and its room service????  (That is 4:30 AM our time) Oh, we actually were asleep and could have used that extra half hour of sleep we missed!

The Red Owl Tavern downstairs has excellent food and service.  I highly recommend.  Both nights however we found ourselves running upstairs to our room to grab our coats.  The rotating door is defective in design and it allows a cold breeze to blow through the restaurant and out the stove fan they said?

After letting room service know of the unreasonable discussion I had to have with the in room dining person and them being 30 minutes early and waking us up, day two was even worse.  Room service brings our wrong meal, 20 minutes late!  I say wrong meal singular because they brought a wrong meal for me and didn't bring my wife's at all?  Oh, and no bucket of ice at all so we could make iced coffee?  I call in room dining and it was if I was wrong?  "Customer is always wrong at Hotel Monaco - Philly."

I asked to speak to a GM.  After waiting on hold too long I hung up as we were already behind schedule and couldn't be late for our meeting.  And I guess we will just skip eating breakfast today.  The GM calls the room and of course apologizes.  I tell him the situation and he tells me this is the first time this has happened.  Ha Ha I had to tell him about the problems the day before...  It's not the first time.  I am pretty sure this happens often!

While we are busy getting ready and packing up our room, already behind schedule the in room dining manager calls.  He says "I understand you have some issues with in room dining?"  Ha HA this is funny to me now.  He wants to waste my time to ask me the problems?  Maybe that is the problem?  The people taking the order, to cooking, to delivery to the GM don't communicate!  Ask them, I am Busy and they are all aware.

This hotel has problems from the top management to the bottom obviously which is why it is like this.  Too bad our favorite hotel brand let us down.   I can't wait to get home and have a full nights sleep un interrupted with out paying for a one bedroom suite...

They also didn't refill the mini bar once?

Any extra towels Etc that were requested took multiple times to get...

My last two Kimpton hotel experiences were at the Santa Barbara property and I can't say enough praises!

I will say I had a much better experience at the Kimpton - Palomar hotel a couple years ago if a Kimpton fan and staying in Philly;)
(Maybe 4.5 stars, but the staff was amazing that I feel like rounding up.)  The Monaco has an absolutely beautiful interior.  (And FYI, the entrance to the large, comfortable lobby is somewhat hidden behind the elevators on the right after you enter.)  The rooms are wrapped in rich blues (dark and light), highlighted with reds, golds, creams, and silver.  Beautiful wallpaper covers each room, and quirky quotes adorn the wallpaper in the closet as well as some of the bed-cushions.  A beautiful lamp in one corner of my room looked like hurricane candle holders on a hot plate.  [Kudos to the designer who discovered these!]  The beds are _amazingly_ comfortable!  [Monaco Hotel, if you're willing to share what type of mattress you use, I'd appreciate it!]  The bathroom is clean and spacious (with the only flaw being the lack of a holder for the hand towel).  There were a number of amenities in the closet, some free to use, others with a cost; one creative one was a kite . . . albeit a $25 kite.  The staff was warm and friendly across the board.  The hotel has an outstanding location beside Independence National Historic Park -- which many rooms have a beautiful view of -- and within a square mile of numerous restaurants, other sights, and subway stops giving you easy access across the city. 

Valet parking is expensive, but The Bourse Garage around the corner gives you a cheaper option.  If you're going in and out frequently with your car, the valet is probably your best bet; however, for stays without constantly needing your car, the Bourse Garage is a good choice.
If you come to Philadelphia for the first time, THIS IS THE HOTEL TO STAY IN! This place is top notch and 5 stars all the way. 

The decor touches are fun and whimsical. It feels like you're lost in a fantasy book, hence the Alice in Wonderland book they have sitting on a shelf near the bedside. My boyfriend and I loved every inch of the design! It's certainly unique and unique hotels are what I do best! Our room was clean and geez I still can't get over that tub!!

When we arrived there actually was food left for a previous guest on our desk. Hotel called right away and said they'd remove it. To apologize the manager also said he'd send us champagne. I figured he would forget about us. But two hours later we received full size bottle of complimentary champagne and two plates of cheese & crackers, and fruit. They really went above and beyond for us!

Also this hotel is in the perfect location!! Close to independence hall, the vistor center and more!

Be careful getting a key to the minibar, everything is overpriced and they try and trick u to drink an $8 water on the desk! Also it would have been nice if I was told about a $75 authorization fee on my card when checking in. The front desk woman mentioned nothing of this. Kinda ticked me off a little. 

And lastly they do not offer free breakfast only complimentary tea and coffee. Overall, I would gladly stay at this lovely establishment again in a heartbeat!
Probably one of the best hotels in Philly...and I've stayed at A LOT of philly hotels.

Why its mad ill:  Boutique flavor, eclectic decor, dope furniture, 5-6pm free wine hour, huge rooms, redic bathrooms, quick valet service, uber-professional staff, close to all the trendy Olde City bars/restos. 

Stratus Lounge is on the roof...easy access if you are staying here.

I'll def be staying here again.
Booked a weekend stay at this hotel via a bloomspot offer. I have stayed at Kimpton hotels before and always had a pleasant experience. We arrived at the hotel Friday afternoon. It was my girlfriend's birthday and we had reservations at Amada that evening. Parking is STUPID expensive in Philly. The hotel offers valet parking for about 45 dollars a day. Considering where you are in the city that is a pretty decent deal. The staff at this hotel is 5 star. They are always ready to help and very friendly. Check in was quick and they answered each question we have. They take pride in customer service at this hotel and it shows. 

We get to our room which I believe was standard. It was pretty nice. The decor of the hotel overall is fantastic. Wonderful trippy art inside the rooms. Wasn't the biggest room I've stayed in but that didn't bother me. Bed was very comfortable. The view from the window was awful but you can always upgrade to a better view room if need be.  All the standard stuff you expect in a modern hotel is in here. LCD TV, mini fridge with goodies, ipod dock, ironing board, hair dryer etc etc. So far everything with this hotel is pretty damn fantastic. And now for the bad. 

This is a "green" friendly hotel. So while I understand why they are doing that the bathroom in our room was terrible. The shower was European style. I hate these type of showers as water always gets all over the floor. Now seeing as this was a romantic weekend with the mrs, you are going to want to take a shower together (fellas amrite?) Well the shower was not letting us be great. It is roomy dont get me wrong but the water pressure sucks. Again I understand the why, but I could not give the room a 4 star review heck even 3. Also the room shuts off when you are not in it. The climate control turns off when you leave the room. Didn't bother us as we went in October but in the summer months that might be a problem as I'm sure the room would turn into a sauna. 

We didn't eat at the restaurant. It looked over-priced. If the food was good or not I would not know. We didn't order room service but it looked pricey as well. There are plenty of places to get cheap food in Philly at all times of the night.  We did go to the rooftop bar. Its a very trendy/chic spot. Again this was October so it was cold but it was nice. Wasn't our crowd at all but that is not the fault of the hotel. I did learn that if you are not staying at the hotel you have to wait on this long line to get into the rooftop bar/party. Felt bad for the people waiting down in the lobby, it wasn't even crowded up top. 

So bottom line I would recommend this hotel. If you can leave your car at home. Plenty of taxi's and you are pretty much walking distance from alot of attractions (Reading Terminal Market, museums). You get A+ customer service. Valet was friendly, front desk was friendly, everyone was helpful. The room is nice and comfy but the bathroom sucks. Avoid the restaurant in the hotel, plenty of food options right down the street. 

Oh last thing, if you sign up for the Kimpton rewards (or you are already a member) you get free wifi. It takes less then 10 min to sign up and its free.
This review is for the roof top bar, not the hotel.  I went here last night for a friend's birthday.  There was a giant line of people outside waiting to get in.  We were waited in the line for at least 45 minutes but I would say well over an hour.  When we were finally allowed in the bar, it was about half filled so clearly they're playing the "we'll look really cool if we force a long line outside" game.  Inside the bartenders were aloof at best.  Drink prices were expensive to the point where it was almost comical.  Generally, I prefer to go to low key types of bars so you may want to take this review with a grain of salt but I don't really like waiting on line to get into a snobby bar that charges you $8+ for a Bud Light.

P.S.  This rooftop bar doesn't have any city skyline views.
Like a trip down the rabbit's hole...

There is always a certain level of consistency with Kimpton hotels, but I found this one to be whimsically outstanding. The hotel is new and fresh with tons of flair and accents. Every corner, I found a new discover of something cool to look at.

My room was much more spacious than I anticipated and since I'm a sucker for detail, the fictional, fantastical touches to the hotel and my room had me giddy. And of course my bed was 

Think: The magic of Alice and Wonderland with a touch of Ed Burton

I'm also OB-SESSED with their robes. Instead of the regular animal print robes I normally find in a Kimpton room, the robe in my room was a dope, hoodie-sweatshirt robe. I've already started looking for one online since I didn't find it in Kimpton's online store. 

Unfortunately, I did not get a chance to check out the rooftop lounge, but cannot wait to do so they next time I'm in town. It looks absolutely gorgeous.

One of my favorite hotels I've stayed in this year...will definitely stay here again!
WOW is all I can say after my stay at the Hotel Monaco. The rooms are funky and clean and the Hotel overall is just great! They have a fitness room and a roof-top lounge. Overall the hotel is in a nice area near the heart of Philly. I am pondering a trip to Washington DC and I know that there is a Kimpton hotel there. If I do go to DC I will DEFINITELY go stay at a Kimpton Hotel.
Gorgeous new hotel in Philadelphia, sister to the Palomar and part of the Kimpton chain. Hotel Monaco opened about a week ago and already it's smooth sailing. Decorated in a bright, colorful, modern style, the rooms are clean, luxurious and fun. Big, bright red laquered armoire, beautiful pop printed wallpaper and all the touches of luxury abound in the room. We had a room on the West side of the building which boasts gorgeous views of Independence Hall and the entire Mall. Easy access to multiple bars in the building, and walking distance to all the city has to offer - historic Old City, shopping in Center CIty, South Street, etc. Kimpton members enjoy free WiFi and all room holders haves access to the lobby from 4-5pm for Wine Happy Hour. Excited to have this wonderful new gem on Chestnut Street!
I love everything about this hotels lobby. It is very grand and the fireplace gives a welcoming feeling. The Red Owl Tavern that's attached to this hotel is also a huge bonus with a great variety of cocktails and tasty food. Our room was available upon check in which was a bonus because we arrived early. The elevators were cute and the not equipped with standard elevator music; another bonus. When we stepped out of the elevator to our floor we were greeted by hanging tea lamps and eccentric pictures/wallpaper. The décor continued to awe us even as we entered our room which was overlooking the liberty bell. Note to those that request a park, the bell at independence hall rings on the hour, every hour...so not quite ideal for light sleepers. Our room was one that had an adjoin door, which is one of my pet peeves, but I managed. The walls in this hotel are very thin and I could hear everything that was going on in the room next door to the wait staff in the hallway talking about super bowl the night prior. Also the maids play music pretty loudly while freshing up the rooms. The rooms could be cleaner. I absolutely love the concept of how the room was decorated, but I feel all of the little figurines were just there collecting dust. The lamps in our bathroom was filled with dust at the base of the hanging fixture. The bathroom was also weird, there's no lock to the door, no fan, and no door to the shower. We put a towel on the outside of the step of the shower to prevent water going all over the place. The t.v. was frustrating because the sound kept going in and out, sometimes it just stopped. After our first night here we woke up to blood stains and another yellowish stain that we had not seen the night before. My husband was adamant about getting our rooms change, however I was not in the mood to pack all my stuff back up just to be relocated. My husband made sure to notify the front desk of our findings and they were extremely apologetic We stepped out for a few hours only to return to new sheets and our room smelled even better than what it did when we arrived. The t.v. still had it's issues but it seemed to be less frequent that the day prior. Nina in guest services definitely made up for the inconveniences we experienced with sending up a complimentary bottle of wine and hand written note expressing how sorry she was. The hand written note really meant a lot to us because most hotels only hear your complaint without making you feel as though they care. Nina went above and beyond to make sure we felt as though our issues mattered and were addressed. Special shout out to Nina.
I'm sure this is a lovely hotel, but beware of ever needing any sort of customer service. I ended up being fully charged for a room I never got to use, and then refused a refund or any help whatsoever.

I rescheduled my stay from November to February, booked non-refundable travel and built a weekend around our stay, only to find out when I called to inquire about check-in time that the hotel had lost my reservation. It turned out they had lost my new reservation information, quietly marked me as a no-show on my original date and charged me for the room with no contact or receipt back in November. I contacted management and they refused to help, or even acknowledge that they could possibly have made a mistake, implying that I must be making the whole thing up. 

I'm super disappointed by this whole fiasco because I've been staying at Kimpton hotels for years and have always been happy to spend my money with them. I can't imagine what would have happened if I hadn't accidentally found out that they lost my reservation and traveled to Philly as planned! I understand I couldn't technically prove that they were supposed to have changed my reservation (didn't think that would be my responsibility), but it would have been nice to at least receive some sort of apology or kindness from management after losing my travel money, losing the cost of the room, and most importantly losing my Valentine's weekend with my husband.
I'm totally drinking the Kimpton kool aide. I love the vibe, I love the feel, I love to stay here! It's like staying in your own personal art museum, if you like funky pop art, bright colors and sometimes clashing patterns (that clash in a good way!).

They sure know how to treat their guests too. Free wine happy hour. Free bikes to take out on the town, Free wifi. I mean, what more can you ask for? Oh yeah, a $10 'raid the mini bar" credit if you sign up for their rewards program. I mean, hello, why wouldn't you! I enjoyed my ice tea and gummy bears very much!

The absolute only thing I have to complain about is the open shower. I know this is modern. I know a lot of hotels have this now, but that doesn't mean I have to like it! The water just gets everywhere and it's always hard to get warm when the shower is open to the whole room. Ya dig?

The free wine hour makes up for that though. And the comfy bed and plentiful outlets. You have hooked me Kimpton and I'll be back again and again!
We had a great stay in Philadelphia despite it not being sunny at all, never...no really I thought the name of the show was Its ALWAYS Sunny in Philadelphia, anyhow.

We were in from Chicago for the Army v Navy Game (Go Navy, Beat Army!) and we dropped off our luggage very early, 1030 or so, we were not expecting a room to be ready so we were prepared to leave from the hotel to get to the game.  We left before I realized I forgot my SEPTA pass in my coat.  There were no issues with getting it out of storage and we were back on our way to Lincoln Financial in no time.

When returned later that evening and went up to our room and our luggage was brought up and he even noticed our TV was on the fritz.  He had someone come up and it was fixed right away.  I used a "birthday code" when we booked and we received two glasses of bubbly and dessert during our stay there.  Everyone seemed to know which was nice since they all kept wishing me a happy birthday :)

Our room was clean and comfy like all Kimpton's are well at least the Monaco in Chicago and Alexandria (the ones we've stayed in.)  It had everything we wanted and was everything we expected.

The staff was attentive and nice without being pushy or creepy.  We had a great stay and the neighborhood was well worth the extra money.  WIFI is free if you belong to the Kimpton InTouch Loyalty Program and the little extras such as personal items and coffee and snacks are very nice touch!
I travel to Philadelphia weekly for work, and always stay at either the Palomar in Center City or the Monaco. The Palomar is more convenient to my office, but I ended up staying here a few times because the rate was cheaper, and they upgraded me to an AMAZING, HUGE suite overlooking the Liberty Bell! I decided to start staying here more often, regardless of the rate, for that reason! The suites here are just much nicer than the suites at the Palomar. I also LOVE the decor and vibe at the Monaco. 

One caveat: as an "inner circle" Kimpton member, I'm supposed to get upgraded automatically when I check in. The last 2 trips have not been good! I understand if they can't upgrade me to a bigger room because they are all booked up, but I dont think they should be giving me the WORST rooms in the place. One time i had an interior facing room with NO LIGHT. Like you open the blinds and its still pitch black.... and my most recent trip had an adjoining room with those doors int he middle and legit i could hear EVERYTHING the other room was doing. Talking, watching tv, and snoring! I'm usually not sensitive to sounds, but wow the acoustics were crazy. Everyone was super nice when i called both nights to complain, but no one should have to hear their neighbors every move. 

I'll likely stick with the Palomar, as all of the rooms have natural light, and I've never had a sound issue there. 

Otherwise, this Kimpton is really a great property, and its unfortunate I've had a few bad experiences.
This review is for Stratus, the hotel's rooftop lounge. I haven't stayed at this particular Hotel Monaco yet. 

Great ambience. Nice range of drinks, including awesome craft beers that are less common. Waitstaff was efficient despite the place being packed. 

The outdoor seating area has both heaters and a large fireplace. In addition to the much toastier indoor lounge, there are a couple of large rooms flanking the outdoor seating area on the rooftop that are great for private parties. Incidentally, one of the rooms was being used for a pyjama party while I was there. 

Well worth a visit. I had a good time!
Expensive for what you get. Our room was small. I even asked to upgrade but it wasn't available. No view. The TV gets only basic channels (or ours wasn't working). An alarm woke us up saying there was an emergency in the building. $8 for the bottled water in your room. Don't get me started on the creepy parking garage that's a few blocks away. No coffee maker in the room. The location is great. The beds are comfortable. It's clean, but we won't be back.

Update: They couldn't even comp the water. Y'all.
This hotel is gorgeous inside and out and their staff is great starting with their valet team.  I can't wait to stay here again!

I stayed in a standard king room overlooking independence hall and the room was gorgeous.  It also seemed pretty soundproof as I couldn't hear a peep once my door was closed.  The decor is stunning and very intimate.  The bed was also very comfortable- all I wanted to do was lay in bed, order room service and finish the Saved by the Bell Lifetime movie- but I was there for work not vacay- I'll catch the re-run I guess.

This hotel has probably got the best location in Philadelphia.  It's walking distance to a lot of great restaurants, the historical parts of the city, and it's not rowdy at night at all (like near Olde City).  Not to mention, the restaurants right downstairs through the lobby are also great and pretty popular.  The rooftop bar is actually my favorite I've ever been to. It has a great selection, it's gorgeous, intimate, cozy, has great music (not too loud, not too low), and it never got overly crowded- perfection.

The valet team was amazing (Hi Sean!), very friendly, insanely convenient (you text them your ticket number so your car is ready when you get downstairs!).  Room service is pricey, but the food is worth it- service also very professional.

Only negative is there is no free wifi (unless you're part of a rewards program).  It's only $12/day though and the connection was great- so not so bad.

Bottom line, you won't be disappointed if you stay here!  Tell them Jenn sent you, they'll have no idea who I am, but hey it might work!
There has to be something better out there for your money. 

Are you going to hate the place? No!! BUT....it will not live up to the expectation of a 4/5 star hotel. 

Let me start with my biggest frustration. Whomever designed the shower layout should never work in this business again. Every Time you go into the bathroom it is a safety hazard. The shower is built so that water goes all over the bathroom floor. There is no way to adjust the shower head to stop this. The bathroom is small so it's wet all over and SLIPPERY!! my pregnant wife saved her own life by catching herself several times. The same thing happened to me every time I went into the bathroom. 

I just don't get it.  Why would a hotel ever design their bathroom like this and it is shocking there hasn't been several lawsuits that would have caused them to fix this design. An easy solution is to put a drape on the open side of the shower. It wouldn't completely fix the problem but would definitely help tremendously. 

Besides this the restaurant attached - Red Owl Tavern (I'll do a desperate review) has bartenders working that act as if it is a chore to help a customer out. I've been here three days and this is a blanket statement because all bartenders acted this way. It tells me that it's a culture change that is needed.  Specifically the two bartenders with beards were terrible with customer service. 

The wallpaper in the bathroom was coming apart.  Wood chipped. I just say this because when you spend $300 per night you expect perfection. 

They say they have 24 hour room service.  The menu is very light late night and isn't anything special. They do enough to say they have room service but again nothing special. 

Mini bar is a joke. It's not even a real mini bar but instead a refrigerator with a bunch of things thrown inside. Just not very classy. 

Windows in rooms don't open.  


Front desk staff were nice and helpful.

Bottom line Nothing special. Outside of the location which is perfect to sightsee Philly downtown. I'd stay somewhere else.
I've stayed at the Kimpton Hotel Monaco twice in the last two months and both times, I've had amazing stays. A peaceful night's sleep, gorgeous rooms and the hotel is very clean. There are masks at the front door as you walk in and hand sanitizer by the elevators (or perhaps they were in the elevators - now I don't remember!). 

The staff is fabulous. I wanted to give a special shout out to Roshid, Abigail and Shasta who always make me feel so welcome when I stay at the hotel. They really exemplify what great customer service is all about. 

You can't beat the location of the hotel either. I used to live in Philly and the hotel is walking distance to many attractions in the city.

I look forward to staying at the Kimpton Hotel Monaco in the near future and definitely recommend if you are in the neighborhood. You will not be disappointed!
We loved our stay at the Kimpton Monaco in Philadelphia.

We arrived at two in the morning and were greeted with a friendly smile and sincere welcome.  Our room was eclecticly decorated and we loved it.  However it might not be for everyone.  The location was perfect for getting to almost every spot in Philadelphia.  The only time we took a taxi was to Eastern State Penitentiary and Philadelphia Museum of Art.  We even requested later check out and they accomodated us.  We were able to check out great places to eat as well.  (I'm looking at you, National Mechanics.)  Truly it was a great experience staying at this hotel.

Of course, not all was perfect.  Our main, possibly only, complaint is coffee.  They don't have a coffee maker in the room which is fine because you can get it from their restaurant at no cost.  However the coffee was not good and they were consistently out of half and half.

Stay here!  It is an incredible hotel in a convenient location with superb service.
Overpriced. Maids had a blast in our room going through our things so if you want privacy this is not for u. One more thing. The place stunk like dogs...pet friendly. ...ugh
so about a year ago I saw this adorable hotel in Philly and vowed to one day stay here..... skip ahead to a year later and we finally booked it. I wanted to go for my birthday since I was sent a thing for my bday to go but I had to go to New Orleans and yeah so a week later here we were. now I just stayed in a top hotel in New Orleans and it doesn't even compare to this place. not even close. this hotel was by far my favorite hotel ever. and I've stayed in some top hotels...... 

now checking in they tell me happy birthday and we got upgraded! then we come back from lunch and oh there's a bottle of wine and dessert for my birthday!! oh and free wine but we missed that hour :( I'm so in love with the hotel I'm sad to be home now writing this. I'd like to move into that 1 bedroom suite lol. they need a website if they don't have one (gotta google) to be able to buy the mattress and etc because the bed was insanely comfortable. I can't wait to head back there one day. actually my new mission in life might be to stay at the Kimptons all over. we've already booked a few for future trips...... no idea how it took me this long to find out about the Kimpton brand. it made us love Philly compared to our last trip there years ago. 

I do wish we got to eat in their restaurant but just more of a reason to head back! and of course bring our Bella :) because dogs are allowed. BTW that's the best thing ever. I hate hotels that hate dogs or charge you. this place doesn't which makes it just beyond awesome. the room was soundproof btw which is great for dogs. I actually left my dog home because last time we had her in a hotel you could hear everything and she kept barking. I was afraid she'd keep barking but in our room it was dead silent. this hotel is just so perfect. they should give lessons to other hotels all over the country on how to be. and the designers of this hotel just omg. really I cannot stop gushing about this hotel. I couldn't stop taking pictures either. we had booked a hotel in DC and I think I"m gonna now look into a Kimpton hotel instead of the other hotel we had booked.... that's how much I loved this place.
From the moment we arrived, Hotel Monaco made us feel at home with their friendly valet team & the excellent customer service - checking in & out was quick and easy ; room service was superb in taste and accommodation ; & they even sent tech support and called shortly after our check in to make sure everything was suitable. 

I did a bit of research on the hotels around the area & this one looked best in photos. The photos did not lie. The decor is lavish & luxurious, but the vibe is welcoming and down to earth. Attention to detail is paid in every corner, smile, & accommodation. 

Complimentary benefits are the cherry on top... wine hour every night, free bicycle rentals, a supply of things you might have forgotten, & more (with free inTouch membership). These are just to name a few. 

By far the best experience I've had at any hotel. Did I mention you can bring your pet free of charge?
It was quite amazing to experience firsthand the gem that is Hotel Monaco. I've stayed in a number of Kimpton properties before, but none of them had matched the splendor of this recent renovation. For the past three years, Monaco has been quickly becoming one of the top nighttime tourist destinations, and for good reason. The ambiance is just wonderful, making the place a fun hangout, despite the fact that it is a hotel, it is actually a nice place for passers by to just chill and linger. The lobby features a real glass hearth, and several pieces of classic furnishings that look like they belong in a museum. Everything in both the lobby and the room itself is kept fairly clean and open, with no unnecessary boxes or contraptions that should make the space feel cluttered. The room decor has some unusually strong pizzazz, but the color array did not clash with my tastes. I only wish the bathroom door would lock or latch to provide more of a sight and sound buffer, but I guess the presumption is that if you're in a suite, privacy will be respected out of familiarity with the person. Nonetheless, there is no shower curtain either, which means the only thing a person can do is to schedule their bathroom visits. I do prefer hotels that allow a separate "mudroom" for the sink so that bathing and going to the bathroom do not necessarily have to cause inconvenience. This one small stylistic gripe does not hurt the overall wow factor of this hotel, and I would definitely have no qualms about staying here with my wife, but do not think a business partner or less familiar friend would be comfortable with sharing these as tight quarters. 

Both checkin and checkout were quite pleasant, and I must add that the front desk hires only sweet people who don't mind checking in on their guests with a courtesy "MR last name" when calling the room and making me feel like I am not just a renter of their room but an esteemed guest o the house. The customer friendliness is top notch here and I should like to get used to that by staying here again. Even the parking attendants were useful, unlike most hotels, at getting my pick-ups and drop-offs coordinated in a manner that did not interfere with their valet operation.
Stayed here for a brief day trip right before New Years and I was very impressed. I'm REALLY fussy about hotels and boutique hotels can be a hit or a miss. The Monaco is definitely a hit!! I loved everything about this hotel ESPECIALLY the big gorgeous tub in the spa room to the bright and colorful decor. Whomever designed this gem, round of applause! I did find the room quite feminine and absolutely beautiful.

The bar/restaurant attached to the hotel is also gorgeous but on the pricey side. We did not have any food here so I can't speak to that but staff seemed very knowledgeable. 

Location is the best as well, central to all the touristy attractions. And walking distance to great bars and live music.

A couple things I wasn't too fond of but in no way affected my five star experience was the cost of valet (could be so much worse, believe me) and the elevators are tiny. There's ample parking nearby if you don't want to use their facilities, so a huge plus. I would absolutely stay here again and would absolutely refer to anyone visiting Philadelphia!
I have stayed at many hotels in my life and this was a real disappointment.  First they got the booking wrong.  We requested 2 beds because our 19 yo son was with us.  Even though we showed confirmation of this request they said they could not accommodate and sent a rollaway his feet were hanging off of with no blanket.  At reception I heard this happen to two other families!Room service messed up our order too and has limited service.  The $100 breakfast arrived in a couple of brown paper bags with plastic forks; no plates. There's no coffee maker in room.  Bathroom is so tiny and shower runs right on to floor.  There's no latch or lock on bathroom door; no real fan in there. The body wash scent is foul and the bar soap useless.  Water in room $8!
All of this for the 'discounted' price of over $400/night!
My husband and I just had a long weekend in philadelphia and stayed at the Monaco.  I agree with most of the reviews, although I did find better service than some others have mentioned.  We had a request for something we didn't have in our room and the staff member searched around to find what we needed.  

The shower is nice, but the half wall does spray lots of water on the floor, so I would not keep clothes or slippers/shoes in the bathroom.

The last time we came, we stayed closed to city hall, but I liked this location better as we had a view of Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell from our room.  We also liked the nearby restaurant choices - both higher end for a nice dinner out and options for a casual lunch as well.  

I would definitely come back again and would recommend a try.
I travel for a living and spend about 70% of my nights in hotels and this week I had the most amazing customer service experience I have ever had.  I had made a request to Samantha that was working the front desk for a friend of mine that had a hard day at work. He wanted some blue cheese stuffed olives. Samantha obviously didn't have any but what she did have was the desire to do whatever it took to make the client happy. When my friend got to his room the next day after a long day of work, Samantha had arranged for there not only to be a plate of blue cheese stuffed olives but also all the needed ingredients for a martini!!!  My friend was so excited he took pictures and sent them to all his friends. And to even make the story more amazing, I found out the next day Samantha did all this on her day offer!!  Now that is five star customer service!!!
I stayed here for two nights for a friend's wedding a few weekends ago. I found this hotel to be overpriced, considering my experience.
Where to begin?

We had to call down to the front desk to receive a key for our mini-bar. Why should we even have to obtain a key? If a 80% markup isn't enough to dissuade people to buy from the minibar, locking the door certainly will.

The doormen consistently NEVER opened the front door to the hotel. It was kind of a joke as to why they were even there to begin with, as they literally stood next to the door and just starred at people walking in and out.

The music from the "club" was so loud at night that we could hear it in our bedroom, 2 floors below the club.

Gift bags for the wedding party were left on the door handles of each wedding guest's room. Well, my bag had an opened water bottle, half drank in it. I cant assume it was hotel staff, but in general, someone in this hotel thought that was ok.

We only had 2 full sized towels in our bathroom, and had to ask for more. For a room with a king sized bed at a "luxury" hotel,  I believe the minimum full sized towels should be 4! 

Especially in this case because the shower didnt have a door, so when you took a shower, the entire bathroom got wet and you then had to use said towel to mop the floor up.

Honestly, I'm disgusted with my stay here and wasted over $500 for two nights.
My stay at Hotel Monaco was like dating the hot guy who won't acknowledge you in public.

Beautifully styled and well manicured.  Most of the HM employees  did a lot of standing around or talking to each other.  They watched as I struggled with my luggage even though there were five able-bodied employees. No one said hello or directed me to the lobby.  They seemed to be more concerned with guests going to the rooftop lounge. This was the rule and not the exception.

The room itself was beautiful and spacious.  Loved the quirky design and standard Kimpton robes.

Shortest relationship ever.
Recently stayed for a wedding. Beware-Kimpton is under new management and Monaco may be bearing the brunt. I booked a block of 40 rooms for a wedding as the location was near our venue and as a Kimpton member I assumed excellence all round. In fact I wasn't concerned at all that there might be major issues with this hotel but I was wrong-
1. The rooms were not cleaned on a daily basis
2. Dirty towels and linen were piled in the hallway
3. Bellman when asked about getting new towels said- 'that's not my area-ask the front desk' and did not offer to facilitate. 
4. Guests had to raid the maid carts for new supplies 
5. Two computers were stolen from one room and have not been recovered- the room was locked the entire time this couple was in and out of the room 
6. We were informed that they would not hold any gifts at the front desk and would charge $4 for each to be delivered to each of the 40 rooms
I really didn't think I could like this hotel any more than I already did. But then I reached inner circle status with Kimpton and they somehow managed to take their excellent service and attention to detail up a notch.  I will never regret changing from Hilton chains to Kimpton.  It was difficult to do, but I'm not looking back. Awesome hotel, awesome people. Traveling a lot is a bitch,  but this place really, really helps. Major kudos to management,  Brad and Sean at the door, and Natalie at the Red Owl. Bravo.

Also - a shout out to the great housekeeping staff. Recently I accidentally left a few items in my room when I left, and on my next visit my items were waiting for me in my room. Really? In this day and age service like this is darned near unheard of.  I wish every place had people and service like the Hotel Monaco does. Truly epic.
F'ing fabulous. Room was ready for me, with dog bed and bowls set up, although I arrived two hours early. Scored a gorgeous corner room on 10th floor. 

All staff was professional, friendly, and went out of their way for us. 

Architecture and design of the building and rooms fantastic and visually interesting. 

As a Kimpton member, you get free wifi and a minibar credit, which is neat. I love kimptons and have been to many of their locations.  This one may be a new fave...location cannot be beat. 

Only complaint is the Stratus (hotels roof lounge) drink prices are insane.     Two long island iced teas with tip was 38 bucks. Ridiculous. And they weren't very good either. The lounge itself is gorgeous. As was the crowd. ;)
Booked and paid for a room in advance, stepson was performing at the Fillmore New Years eve. We called earlier in the day and they said late check in was no problem (as you would expect since the room was 
 prepaid). When we got there at about 10pm, they said they were overbooked and they could send us to another hotel. This was useless to us since our sons were staying at the Monaco.
So we ended up going home which at least saved us $400. Very disappointed in this hotel and I would not reccommend it.

Kevin Walsh
Whimsical, lovely, personable, chic and efficient. 

Let me begin by letting you know their fitness center is no joke. Like most hotels, I was expecting a closet-sized room filled with out-dated equipment handed down from the local gym. Not here--this space was perfectly sized with weights, plenty of upgraded cardio and even ellipticals with TVs! YES! Plus, you got all the perks, like extra headphones, towels, water, stretching areas and hula hoops. Yes, hula hoops! 

OK--so now on to the parts that most people really care about. The hotel itself is gorgeous. It has that antique-y character with a shabby chic, whimsical touch. Their staff is ridiculously friendly and will bend over backwards to help you with whatever you need. The rooms, although not huge, are comfy, home-y, quiet and utilize their space well. The beds were super comfortable and the bathrooms were upgraded with chic accessories, faucets and all the good stuff. My only two complaints in the room were: 

- The shower was completely open, which is fine, except when water from the shower literally floods your bathroom floor and sets off your smoke alarm. 
- The long, red, decorative pillow had some "stuff" on it. I won't get into too much detail, but just know that I requested new bedding and new pillows before I got in it. I didn't take any stars off for this because the staff was mortified and they fixed it right away.

Two other major bonus points about Hotel Monaco is their rooftop bar and 24/hr room service. We drove in from Cleveland, OH and were pretty exhausted by the time we got settled. Even so--the staff had mentioned the rooftop bar, so we decided to grab some drinks to unwind. This bar blew my socks off! I'm sure it was because we went late on a Tuesday night, but it was chill, the drinks were strong, delicious and it was a gorgeous night. They had already stopped serving food, so we ordered up some food in our room and it was delicious. The staff was out of a few things, but they were super-accommodating and helped me find something else. I mean--how could you get better than 24hr room service?! 

Other things to note: 
- Close to many fun things in Philly
- Valet is $40/night 
- WiFi isn't free

Overall, this was one of the best hotel stays I've had this year. Kimpton Hotels are no joke, but Hotel Monaco definitely takes it up a notch.
I absolutely love Kimpton Hotel Properties.  They do such a wonderful job of picking an old building in a historic district or part of town and then renovating that property and giving it the flare of the older times to make it feel very authentic.

This property was top notch, as is all the other Kimptons I have stayed in, right near Constitution Hall.
Unfortunately, I did not have the greatest experience during an October stay at hotel Monaco this year and it definitely did not live up to the great reviews I'd seen. 

Prior to arrival, I called ahead to make arrangements for parking. I was given addresses for two options, one of which allowed you to come and go without re-paying the daily fee. However, when I arrived, this underground lot was under construction and each spot had a reserved sign on it. After driving around the whole lot and realizing there wasn't a single spot available to the public, I drove to the other lot to park. I do think concierge should have been aware of this construction and not recommended this lot. 

Check in was smooth and my room was very nice. Unfortunately, I arrived fairly late (and spent an extra hour driving around figuring out parking). Due to a city wide lockdown, the hotel bar and restaurant was closed when I finally got settled and I had to order takeout, which arrived without silverware. No problem, I thought, the hotel is sure to be able to provide silverware...but I was mistaken. The concierge was completely uninterested in mg inability to eat my curry without some sort of silverware and not being able to get any other food with the city on lockdown. Luckily, another staff member overheard my concern and was able to sneak me a set of utensils. 

Despite these issues, the hotel itself was gorgeous, had friendly bellmen, and felt very safe. The rooms were uniquely decorated and beds were comfortable. 

Unfortunately, the stench of marijuana permeated my floor and despite complaints by many guests, staff claimed all they could do was fine the guests once they determined the location. True smell eventually infiltrated my hotel room and with covid I was super uncomfortable about what that meant for airflow, so I decided to cut my losses and check out a day early. 

I do have to say the manager at the time of check out was extremely apologetic and reimbursed my parking when I explained what had happened. He clearly cares about making this location a success. I hope they are able to work through these issues because this hotel has great potential!
Came here for a wedding. It seems that this hotel was the wedding hotel for the city. There were at least 3 other wedding parties staying at this hotel. 

I booked two rooms. One for my wife and I and another for my elderly parents and requested an ADA room for them which they did not provide. 

The hotel was nice and very convenient in terms of location. But as other hotels are doing, they are cutting back on services. No more mini bar. No more room service. And to call down and as for something is a joke as it will take them forever to get back to you. 

With all the services cut back, you would expect prices to be more reasonable, but instead they seem to be charging more for less. 

Bottom line what could be an awesome place ended up being a bit of a disappointment.
Came in for a business trip and this hotel was the hotel the event was being held at. I was asked for my "Major credit card". I was declined a room when I gave my Venmo VISA credit card. They said they do not accept Venmo. However, this is a VISA credit card. Not a debit card. I tried even showing them the issuing bank (Synchrony Bank). I asked for a Manager she the lady helping said she was the Manager and her Accounting department told her she can't accept Venmo. Again, I had to explain this was not Venmo. It is a credit card in which I earn Venmo cash on. She still refused it and suggested I find another hotel. I left and went to my meeting and was asked how check in was. I explained what happened and the organizers had to get involved to handle. The room itself was interested. Clean. Nice area.
My wife, two sons (13 yrs., 11 yrs), miniature poodle, and I enjoyed our stay here from December 26-28.  The hotel has a superb location at the corner of 5th and Chestnut St., across from Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell.  We stayed in Room 709 (parkview with 2 queen beds).  I would strongly recommend a parkview room or suite and avoid the 10th floor rooms if possible near the Stratus Lounge (which can be loud in the evenings). Overall, this hotel has many more pros than cons.  

Pros: (1) The hotel's location in Old City is ideal for seeing historical sights (Independence Hall, Liberty Bell, Franklin Museum, Christ Church, Museum of the American Revolution) and walking to nearby restaurants.  (2) The decoration in the lobby and rooms have a creative and whimsical flair, but is very tasteful. (3) Room views of Independence Hall were nice.  (4) Free coffee in the mornings at the Red Owl Tavern and Happy Hours from 5pm-7pm. (5) the Fitness Center is spacious with three treadmills and several elliptical machines with a bright window that provides lots of sunlight.  (6) There's an excellent food court (Bourse Marketplace) which is less than a block away just north up 5th St. which offers many culinary dining options as well as coffee or ice cream.  Well worth checking out. 

Cons: (1) The valet parking service can get crowded at peak times when many people are checking out at the same time (between 11:30am-12:00pm). Expect a 20-30 minute wait during peak times. (2) The music in the elevators was a bit loud or jarring at certain times of the day.
Beautiful hotel.  Nice inside bar.  Outrageously arrogant rooftop bar.  First you have to pay $20 per person just to get up to the place.  The. To sit down you have to play $75 just to sit at a table.  That's before you get a drink. There are plenty of rooftop bars on the world - this is not one I would recommend spending time in.
Philly seems to struggle when it comes to hotels. It's a city where even the Ritz Carlton earns low ratings and only satisfies minimal expectations. This reality makes rating hotels in the city tough. Should they be compared with hotels across the nation, or those in Philly only?

We booked two rooms at the Monaco. We called in advance to ask for rooms to be next to each other, and staff were kind enough to upgrade us to a couple rooms that shared a private lobby area that could be shut off from the main hall. Awesome start that had us excited.

Upon arriving though, we met our first challenge. A doorman, Auriel (may be spelled wrong) was super zealous about keeping the rif-raf out, a great thing for guests in general, that is unless he thinks you are rif-raf. I was allowed in, but my friends, a family visiting from Asia, were blocked and refused entry. He asked, "are you staying here," and not understanding English, they looked at him blankly.  He then jumped in their way, arms spread wide, and told them to leave. This was shocking to everyone. I promptly jumped in, explaining we were paid guests showing up to find out when we could check in. We were then asked a few questions to ensure we were legit, then finally allowed into the hotel. Auriel told us he's just "trying to keep strange people out," and we got the message real quick that to him, were were quite strange in that level of establishment. From that point on, there was no way to feel welcome or even comfortable. 

Check in was pleasant and friendly. The hotel is beautiful with amazing colors and stimulating design. The corner suite was gorgeous, with a dream bathroom and windows everywhere overlooking the Liberty Bell museum.
But just outside the suite, in our little private lobby area, there was a bag full of trash and used room service plates and utensils. With that lobby being private to our two rooms, there is no reason those items should have been there upon check in. Perhaps housekeeping forgot to finish the job?

Carpets throughout the halls were stained, a reality that extended the not-quite-clean vibe throughout the place.  

Upon check out, staff invited the kids to grab toys from a treasure chest behind the check in counter. They were thrilled. But the 4 adults in our party left that hotel with a yucky, unwelcome feeling, an aftertaste from being denied entry the day before and basically called strange, something that will likely keep us from making a return.
From check in to check out, prepare to be treated like royalty. Or at least a VIP.

I was in town for business and booked into the hotel for a few days. The location blew me away, a mere block from the Liberty Bell and with a view of Independence Hall and the park. 

The doormen made sure I didn't even open my car door, let alone touch any of my luggage and despite the fact that I'm not really any sort of VIP, was made to feel special from the second my feet touched the ground outside the hotel.

The amenities they provide are amazing, the food from the Red Owl Tavern is delicious, the staff is courteous and welcoming and 5 Star.

10/10 would stay here again, and hope to in the near future.
I was really disappointed with my recent stay. Usually the Kimpton brand is great but this experience fell short. There was no soap, a throw pillow that had human funk on it, and coffee rings on the counter.
I'm surprised to see so many positive reviews for this remarkably bad hotel. My experience was of one mistake after another. Here's a sampling from a four-night stay: the room wasn't cleaned my last day; twice the staff forgot to send up something I requested; the in-room dining menu is only available on the TV but was "unavailable" on mine and this was never resolved; the front desk phone sometimes rings 10 times before someone answers; the breakfast menu to hang on the door overnight was only provided my first day; and the furnishings show major wear and tear. The staff is pleasant but undertrained and apparently unsupervised. By "boutique" the company appears to mean "bold wallpaper and hipster staffers milling around chatting." Any one of these issues is unusual for a hotel, especially at this price point. Together they add up to a simply bizarre experience. Don't be fooled by the attempt at fancy decor. Overall this is the least professionally run hotel I've ever stayed in.
If you haven't been to Philadelphia, you couldn't pick a better location.  This hotel is in the heart of Old City.  We had a view of Independence Hall from our hotel window.  Celebrated our Anniversary and son's birthday, hotel staff sent us up a bottle of champagne and two bottles of root beer for him.  Hotel is around the corner from the Big Red Tour Bus and across the street from the Liberty Bell.  Subway is also 1 block away.  

Had breakfast in the hotel restaurant it was delicious and had some drinks in the basement bar they were even better than breakfast.  There was a rooftop club which we didn't go to.  We went to sleep early that night and were not bothered at all by the club going on upstairs.  

Oh and if you need something, we got our sunscreen confiscated by the airline, the hotel front desk has it in a mini for you!

Wine hour was delicious.  It featured a red and white wine and an awesome sangria.

Our bellman was awesome, wish I could remember his name, so I can give him props!  He wore a fedora and he new us by name.

Great service, clean rooms, AWSOME hotel.  It was our first KIMPTON hotel stay and not our last.
Given the other options in Philly, im not sure I'd stay here again despite what some of the other yelpers claim. Don't get me wrong, this is a great hotel - whoever the interior designer is gets a gold star for sure and there couldn't be friendlier staff. The location is also great. But I'd say those are the highlights and everything else falls short of anything beyond 4 stars. So what is everything else? The TV wasn't working properly so all I was able to do was pay for movies (how convenient) because not even the basic cable would come through, the bed was just a bed (the Sofitel and starwood heavenly beds have spoiled me), while I do love showers that are only showers, there was no separate bath, there's no kill switch to turn all the lights off from your bed.
I wish we stayed longer.  This pretty much sums up my experience with the Hotel Monaco.  It was comfortable, somewhat quiet (I'll delve into that later), professional and unique.

Check-in/check-out: check in was painless as was check out.  The gentleman was very friendly.  During check out, there were no random charges on my bill. Everything that was charged was to be expected.  

Room:  on the 10th floor with a beautiful view.  Very unique.  I'm sure you have seen enough pictures to know what I am talking about.  This room beats any room I have stayed in because of the decor.  I absolutely fell in love with it.  The bed was comfy.  The shower however was strange in that there was no door, just one glass panel.  I'm not too sure if I was really feeling that design.  The rest of the bathroom was very nice.  Toiletries provided were nice.  Towels were restocked and our room was cleaned consistently during our stay.

Extras:  It was our anniversary and the hotel was very kind to send up a bottle of wine and chocolate dipped strawberries--yum--along with a card saying happy anniversary.  Husband and I were most appreciative of this kind gesture.

Red owl tavern:  the red owl tavern was pretty nice...Although we only went for drinks.  The bartender made up a really good drink for us based on our preferences.  She was awesome!

Rooftop lounge:  we went up there once.  Dress code seemed to be enforced but I did notice one person with some ratty looking jeans on.  Hmmm.  Oh well I'm not there to judge.  It was loud (the crowd) with pretty recent music playing.  It really was just a bunch of people standing around.  The set up was nice though.  But we really saw no point of going back unless we had a group of people with us.

Noise:  sometimes you could hear the inconsiderate people being loud in the hallway as they went back to their room from the lounge area.  But this is not the hotel's fault.

All in all, the hotel exceeded my expectations and I would be happy to choose this hotel again the next time I am ever in the area.
Stunning place!

We stayed here for an event and it was wonderful. The location is superb and we were lucky to have a room up in the 8th floor and overlooking Independence Hall. The weather was perfect, so it was a nice combination.

It's walking distance to pretty much everything. We arrived early so had time to explore the area a bit and all I can say is if I ever go back to Philadelphia, I'd love to stay here again.

I think my only complaint is that they don't offer even a continental breakfast for free. I've stayed in a lot of hotels in the last year, and can't say I've been to one other hotel that didn't at least offer you some kind of complimentary breakfast, even if limited. We did end up ordering food, but it was expensive and they messed the order up, and then didn't bring any condiments, including sugar and cream for our ordered coffee. I'd say, eat breakfast somewhere else... you'll be staying close to a lot of choices.

Otherwise, beautiful place with tons of character and charm. It does seem busy and popular, and there were weddings and other events going on too. But we had a lovely experience and adored our room with its Alice in Wonderland decor and super comfortable beds!
What a beautiful hotel! I stayed here over the New Year's Eve weekend for my friend's wedding and had a wonderful stay. I was immediately impressed with the unique beauty from check-in to check-out. Everything is detailed and interestingly decorated which I didn't know I wanted so much from a hotel. On top of that, everything was very clean, and every staff member was warm and helpful. It really seemed as though everyone was happy to be working there. I walked all throughout the hotel pretty often to visit my friend in the GORGEOUS bridal suite, and my other friend's rooms, and noticed a goldfish on the side of someone's door. I asked a concierge person about the fish, and we were able to have one delivered to our room to keep us company during our stay! We took the hallway one to our room too, and called them Debbie and Carrie Fish (RIP). Everything was very comfortable, the attached restaurant was delicious and it was an overall wonderful stay. The only drawback is that you get what you pay for, and this stay was pretty pricey. Might have been due to the holiday weekend, but I stayed as part of a bridal party and our rooms were all on different floors and didn't seem to be discounted. I'd be happy to stay here again.
Just arrived at midnight. The hotel called us asking if we were would be arriving. We were traveling and we called back and confirmed we would be arriving to the hotel at midnight. When we arrived we were told that they sold our room. We had already placed a deposit on the room. And now the only room available is a pull out bed! Customer service here at hotel Monaco is dreadful.  We wanted to change hotels but we couldn't due to the deposit.  So now I get to sleep on a pull out bed.  

Of course they overbooked /oversold and no room service after midnight.  Awful customer service and the night manager kept explaining their horrible policies.  

Ms. Martinez is the person in charge and I wonder if she will speak to us in the morning and handle this fiasco professionally.

Probably not.
Stef
I had room 302 which is directly over the Red Own Tavern and faces Independence Hall diagonally across the street - the room was amazing and the design elements in the room were spectacular. The bed and linens were extraordinary and the bathroom was huge. You could not be closer to history unless you were a part of the Continental Congress yourself. Being so close you avoid the hassle of getting around and can walk to everything in the Historic District whether it be the Liberty Bell or extraordinary restaurants - was great to venture out at night too because security is everywhere due to the historic sites and not because of safety concerns. The staff at the hotel are very attentive and accommodating and the only complaint that I can make is the cost of the overnight parking which exceeded $40.00 a night - not the hotels fault - just the cost of the area.
The short version:
This Monaco exceeded the expectations I have even for Kimpton hotels. In a city that's a little rough and sort-of gritty, this hotel was beautiful and elegant. Every staff I encountered was helpful and friendly. The room was impeccably clean and well designed with features to make a small space feel larger than it is. The attention to detail when it came to design was stunning. They really spared no expense in building this hotel. I'd definitely stay here again.

The long version:
I booked a room at the Philadelphia Monaco months before it was even open to the public. There's something about staying in a brand new hotel that's really appealing, and it's not something you get to do very often. 

The location in Old City is perfect for a weekend trip. It's close enough to all of the center city attractions that you can walk to them pretty easily, but it's in a quieter, more unique neighborhood, close to a lot of great restaurants and bars. The hotel is literally steps from the 5th Street subway station, so getting here from 30th Street Station was a breeze. 

My wife and I arrived at 9:30am. The front desk was happy to check-us in early (Leah IIRC) was very helpful and pleasant. She acknowledged my request on the reservation for a high floor, and gave us a room on the 9th. She also gave us a $10 "raid the minibar" coupon for being an InTouch member. 

The room itself was beautiful. The square footage wasn't very high, but the features, like sliding bathroom door and high ceilings, made the roof feel spacious. On one shelf was an electric candle light, and on the next shelf down an old copy of Alice in Wonderland. 

The evening wine reception is one of my favorite things about Kimpton hotels. In addition to wine, they were also offering a hot cider with a shot of Jim Beam for December. There's also coffee, tea and hot chocolate in  the mornings, and delicious pastries at the Red Owl hotel restaurant. 

Bottom line: I highly recommend this hotel.
This place is absolutely horrible!!! Stayed here for my cousin's wedding there were cockroaches crawling around our shower as we walked in.. I overlooked it since I wasn't planning on using the shower and was In a rush to get ready for the wedding... THEN after the wedding reception our family rented out the second floor of the bar for the after reception party..first of all the bouncers couldn't have been more rude. My aunt was trying to go to her room and get her shoes and they grabbed her and pulled her back into the line bc she didn't show her id or something stupid it was aggressive the way they grabbed her then they had the whole entire wedding party wait in a line and ignored them for 5-10 minutes to check ids of our grandparents and aunts and uncles..then they realized they had made a mistake and let everyone in..NOT OK! Never coming back or recommending to anyone.. super pretentious and acts like it's las vegas club...we're in philly get real!
I booked a room here last-minute on a thursday for a Saturday-Sunday stay, and all I can say is .. "wow"

Service:
The service from the beginning was amazing.  I let the rep know that i was coming to celebrate a ton of things and they made sure to take care of me.  I had an upgrade to the parkview room (view of Independence Hall/Park).  
The front desk staff was prompt and friendly.  I was given a key to the honor bar in my room and they even knew the exact reason i was there (celebrations etc).  I like that you had to waive your key in font of the sensor in the elevator to get to your floor (no random strangers running around the hotel).  
The front desk called as soon as I got into my room and asked if the accomodations were acceptable and if the complimentary gifts in the room were to my tastes (chocolates from a local store, champagne and sparking cider and fresh fruit). They even wrote a note congratulating me on my pregnancy and etc... it was a VERY nice touch.


Decor:
When you first get to the hotel, you will notice that it is beautiful and at the same time unassuming.  Walking through the glass doors that the doorman always is ready to open for you, you walk into a beautiful circular bank of elevators, you don't see the lobby right away, but you can see a glimse of the restaurant next door to the left and the lobby/reception area to the right.

The hotel has a vibe of luxury without being pretentious because it maintains a hip, eclectic vibe in the decor.  I like how the various types of caligraphy brushes (although most were Asian) were used to decorate the back wall of the reception desk in honor of the signing of the Declaration of Independence. 

The room was definitely modern and chic. I loved the print on the walls and the giant nightstand that was a statement piece by itself.  The closet was stocked with socks that worked as slippers (no slip grip) and the bookshelf had a nice ipod docking station with a hardcover of the Lewis Carrol "Alice In Wonderland" series  also very nice touch that came in handy when I needed to wind down.  

The only drawback to the room (common to many city hotels) was the lack of a bathtub. Another upgrade would have gotten me a tub, but i didn't think it was necessary - just missed.  The shower had half a glass wall that blocked the toilet from getting wet, but the water pressure was so nice that the missing part of the glass wall didnt shield feet/slippers from getting a little damp upon entering the bathroom.  

The lighthing wasn't exactly SUPER bright, but that is what the bathroom is for and I was perfectly happy with being there.



Extras (parking, Dog-friendly and reception):

The $40 for valet parking might throw you off at first, but trust me it is worth the price of not getting up at 8am to feed the meter on the street. - especially since you can go in and out as often as you like.

Manager's reception 5:00pm
I loved the manager's reception.. because it is a TRULY dog-friendly hotel (no restriction on size/quantity), I got to meet a bunch of well-behaved pooches and have a warm non-alcoholic drink with the option of an alcoholic drink if i werent preggers...


If i had brought my dog, they would offered services like a walk and dog water bowls in the room. =)

I really like that this hotel was not a HUGE hotel like the Omni on the other corner and centrally located to everything in Old City...

Great place. Will come back.
This was one of the worst experiences I have ever had using a hotel for an important family event I have ever had. We rented the ballroom for a lavish engagement party. We dealt closely with the banquet manager and the catering head. The food was an absolute disaster. They dropped and destroyed the custom made cake. We had a sushi station but there was no sushi chef as he was unable to come in at the last minute and the hotel did absolutely nothing about it. The food was horrible and the manager of the hotel was rude and completely unwilling to make anything up to us at all.  My florist was given a very hard time by the management of the hotel even though we reserved the room for 1 o clock so the florist would have the whole day to decorate they would not let her in until the late afternoon. I paid extra for the florist to come in early and they still would not honor their contract. 
I would never ever book any party there. It was a complete embarrassment to me at a very expensive cost.  The hotel is impossible to deal with and the catering manager misrepresented every element of what he was going to provide.
Love this hotel. 

Check in was simple, and even though we were very early and our room wasn't ready, they called us quickly to let us know that they had gotten one ready for us. 

We entered the room later to find a chocolate cake, bottle of wine, and a birthday card for my husband. Swoon. This was more than the hotel had done where we spent our wedding night. 

Love the complimentary drinks they have each night. Wish that I had my ish together enough to be able to get to it more than one of the three nights I was there. Also really appreciate the free wifi for signing up for their club. In an era of hotels charging you for every. little. thing, it is nice to get things for free here and there. 

Appreciate the sweet notes from our maid each day and how helpful and friendly each member of the staff was. From another review I just discovered that there is a secret password to get upgrades and I'm ALL OVER THAT for the next time.
Hotel is beautiful and located in a great area. Staff was friendly. However 1 star since the Valet damaged my car and won't claim responsibility. Damage done on passenger front bumper, looks like they hit a curb. After 6 phone calls to hotel over 2 days finally receive call from Valet manager who tells me they must so research. After claiming to research, says they didn't cause damage on my 2 month old car. Not happy at all. Would not recommend anyone to stay here.
The hotel is awesome! Everything, from the lobby to the rooms, is funky and unique. The customer service is excellent- very accommodating. I really enjoyed my stay here. 

PS they are dog friendly so it's puppy heaven!
The location and the innovative furnishings certainly should have boosted my review to a 4 star status. But the incredible lack of customer service was so disappointing that the experience here was barely a 1 star. From confusion as to our reservation at check-in, to a major leak in our bathroom which soaked our bags, to an 8 hour delay in receiving requested items for our room, to the most arrogant front desk person we have ever encountered  at a hotel our stay was certainly not what we expected from an expensive Klimpton Hotel. Someone at the top needs to train employees on customer service. The culture here just doesn't ooze quality or professionalism and a focus on making the guests happy.
If you ever have an opportunity to stay in a Kimpton property you should jump at the chance. They are personal, interesting and not at all like most hotels. 

Room decorations are dynamic with bold wallpaper with everything looking thoughtful and fresh. Robes are leopard print ( a gray one too for you more traditionals). 

Not only is the design fashion forward but the lay out is thoughtful with free earbuds in the fitness center, quality bath products and plentiful outlets in all rooms. 

Complimentary wine every evening at 6pm in the lobby. Holding an event here was a breeze too and if you are ever in Philly visit the rooftop Stratus lounge for the perfect place to relax in the city.
Our stay at the Kimpton was a pleasant one despite the pandemic. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful and the rooms were very comfortable. I was a little troubled by all the caution tape surrounding the hotel. I also found it difficult to park given valet parking is unavailable due to the pandemic and there's no garage onsite. I hope the hotel makes an arrangement with the nearby garage to help with parking. Overall a good stay in very strange times.
Terrible service  I traveled to Pennsylvania with my family (there is 3yeas old boy) we are from New York with my friend's advice about staying at this hotel. But we can't get in the hotel because the door man doesn't let us in and he said "there is no bathroom here" and I explained him that we wanted to stay at this hotel for one night we don't wanna used the bathroom but he still said one more time " no bathroom here"I was explained him one more time that we wanna rent hotel room and we leave our suitcases in my car and will go get it when we got a room  but he said  the room was sold out and he was look at us like he wanna kill us ****(see in the picture)***. Five minutes later, I called to the hotel and asked her the room for one night, the lady said there is room for 1night available and I told the problem that I can not get in the hotel because the door man. And asked to talk to the manager coz i want manager come to get us in to the hotel from the front door, but the lady hang up the phone. It was a terrible experience.
Kimpton Monaco has the best possible location in Philadelphia. Picture from my room can testify that.

If it is location, location, location my review would stop right here.

I did not like that valet parking is $55/day. I did not like that there was no free water for IHG members but $8/bottle was not easy pill to swallow.
I did very much like the fact that hotel location is such that you easily walk to all Philly attractions. 
HVAC was great and I did not hear any noise whatsoever.

There were some minor problems but the hotel stuff (Roshid Millage) were so professional and kind that all that was left was not a sour taste but smile on my face.
On Wednesday night my wife were walking back to my parents apt in Rittenhouse when we found these folks outside of the Palomar hotel yelling at each other. By the time we got near one guy was holding the woman by her hair and punching her in the back of the head. I pushed the guy off of her and she ran off into a yelp that she must have been trying to escape to. The guys then turned on me at and took turns hitting me from two different sides and eventually got me to the ground and started kicking me. My wife put herself in the way at this point and got kicked as well. This hotel doesn't belong in this neighborhood.
The best! During COVID their cleanliness is superb as usual but top notched; a must stay!!!!
Loved everything about this hotel!  The hotel is Alice in Wonderland themed, and I loved all the details here including the writings on the pillows, and the wallpaper in the closet. You're also provided animal print robes!  It is pet friendly, and if you sign up for the Kimpton hotel card, you can get one complimentary snack up to a certain value in the fridge. There was also a complimentary wine happy hour the night we checked in. 

All in all, we had a wonderful experience here and would definitely come back here or check out other Kimpton hotels =].
Love love love Kimpton Hotels. Customer service is excellent. This newly remodeled property is beautiful. Centrally located. Right across the plaza from the Liberty Bell. Easy walking distance to great restaurants, shops and museums. Happy hour 5pm-6pm. 

Refig in room with healthy snacks.
My boyfriend and I stayed at the Hotel Monaco over Labor Day Weekend while we attended a wedding in the city. 

I was impressed with the customer service and the quality of the accommodations immediately. The valet opened my car doors, assisted us with locating the front desk and were quick to bring the car back when we needed it. 

Our room was ready, clean and beautiful! The front desk was quick to answer our questions and help us with anything we needed. 

One of my favorite amenities offered by Kimpton hotels are the bike rentals. We didn't have time to take advantage of this, but I wish we could have!
Beware- 
Kimpton is under new management and Monaco may be bearing the brunt. I booked a block of 40 rooms for a wedding as the location was near our venue and as a Kimpton member I assumed excellence all round. In fact I wasn't concerned at all that there might be major issues with this hotel but I was wrong-
1. The rooms were not cleaned on a daily basis
2. Dirty towels and linen were piled in the hallway
3. Bellman when asked about getting new towels said- 'that's not my area-ask the front desk' and did not offer to facilitate. 
4. Guests had to raid the maid carts for new supplies 
5. Two computers were stolen from one room and have not been recovered- the room was locked the entire time this couple was in and out of the room 
6. We were informed that they would not hold any gifts at the front desk and would charge $4 for each to be delivered to each of the 40 rooms
7. Reception over the phone was discourteous. When one guest called to change his method of payment, the receptionist insisted they do that in person- the guest was in dallas. 
This is a competitive market which makes the above so surprising. There are many other excellent hotels in philly that would be worth the $30k that Monaco made on our group. Three to keep in mind- Sofitel, Independence Park hotel and Alexander Inn.
We stayed at the Hotel Monaco in November 2012, not long after it opened, I understand. Our visit to Philadelphia was a sort of last-minute 4 day affair, packed with complete lack of planning, and total spontaneity! We had such an amazing time that we added on another 2 nights, and were QUITE happy that this hotel could accommodate us on short notice!

We had only stayed once before at a Kimpton hotel, the Hotel Madeira in DC. Because of our experience there, we definitely wanted to try another Kimpton destination - their hotels are much more relaxing than the typical chain hotels, although often a little pricier, due to their "boutique" nature. 

Our stay in Philadelphia was nothing short of wonderful - clean rooms, friendly staff, and a great location right by the Liberty Bell. We walked each evening to several different restaurants and bars, and were impressed with how convenient everything was. There are a multitude of great places to eat and relax nearby - we liked Amada, Chifa, and Zento. Morimoto-san's place is nearby, but it would have been tough with our little one this time... We shall gladly return when she's a little older - my wife made me promise!

The art museums are a little farther away, but a $10 cab ride or subway ride isn't terribly inconvenient, and you are right up in the historical part of town to enjoy the Liberty Bell (which was right outside our window...) and the rest of Independence Park is right there.

Tip: sign up for their frequent traveler club - it's free, and gives you FREE Wi-Fi during your stay!
Hotel is beautiful- like a Wes Anderson film. Had a lovely time until we received two noise complaints from our neighbors. It was 7:00pm. The hotel absolutely ruined our night and what a shame we apparently ruined someone else's. Then, in the morning we could literally hear our neighbors on their phone and make out the entire conversation through the adjoining door. There is no way we were that loud, it was just that you can hear everything through their terribly designed doors/walls. Don't stay in this hotel if you'd like to have a evening without disturbances. Will never recommend this hotel until they remedy their noise problem.
When I wanna roll with my linen suits in the summer and drink free happy hour wine, I stay here.

If you want the whole hotel/bar/club/lounge experience, stay here.

The rooftop bar/lounge will have mad lines on weekends...which you can blow past when you book this uber-original place.

Buy some tasty silky couture and stay/drink/lounge it up at this hotel.  

Like me.
We love Kimpton, but sometimes I feel like an abused spouse. If we have Kimpton Karma, it's not always been good karma. 

Biggest problem of the weekend occurred at check in. We've checked in early on other Kimpton visits, but don't expect it; so when we arrived around 2:30, we knew we might have to wait until 3. I wish! Instead,  we were parked in a crowded lobby for over an hour and a half waiting for our room. We were invited to have a complementary drink in the bar, but it was a bit early for us. When our room was finally "ready" (see below), we were given a $25 credit for the hotel restaurant. Nice, but of value only if we actually ate there, which we did for breakfast the next day. 

When we finally got to our room, we had about 45 minutes until we had to leave for our pre-show dinner reservations. I opened the door to find someone from housekeeping "doing a final inspection." We should have given her more time, because frankly, the room was not dusted very well. Moreover, the bathroom held towels for two, even though we were three. We asked at the desk for more towels before leaving for dinner & show, but they had not been delivered by the time we returned.

Otherwise the room was okay,  but for my usual complaints: There was one side chair with no light, should one wish to sit to read; and there were not enough places to hang towels in bathroom.
This hotel has forever spoiled me for other hotels. I lived in Philadelphia for many years so coming back has never really felt like vacation. Something about staying here made Philly feel special again. The design details of this place are truly amazing. Every corner seems to hide something fun and quirky. 

The room was spacious and felt super luxurious (maybe it was the leopard print robe?) The highlight was absolutely the bath tub. When looking for a hotel my only true criteria was a nice tub. This was more than I could have hoped for! My boyfriend and I both fit comfortably and enjoyed a nice soak full of goodies from Lush Cosmetics (not too far away from the hotel on Walnut St). The bed was incredible and we slept like babies. Didn't hear a single noise from outside our room which just made everything feel secluded and romantic, which was exactly what we needed!

Thank you Hotel Monaco for making Philly feel like vacation again!
I stayed here last Friday night for a wedding that was taking place in Old City. I booked the hotel for one night and I made the booking through Hotels Tonight. The next morning, I called to extend the booking one night, but was told by the front desk that the hotel was sold out--so I checked out. A few days later I check my account and the hotel had charged me for the second night that was purportedly unavailable. And to add insult to injury, the hotel charged me for all of the incidentals that the guest in the room that night charged! In total, more than $400 was debited from my account for a one-night stay. I called the hotel to clear things up and they credited my account for the cost, but couldn't explain how it was possible that I could be charged for the entirety of another guest's stay. This is a big mistake that should never happen and as a result, I won't be staying here again.
Great place to stay. Spent a week here while at a workshop. 

Check in was easy and efficient.  

Room was clean and well maintained.   There is no coffee maker but they brought one in upon request.  Other items in the room included an ironing board, safe, umbrella, sexy robes, and a yoga mat.   

Funny story was there was some women's underwear left in the room from a previous occupant.   When I told the front desk about this funny incident they were embarrassed and comped me a free dinner at the hotel restaurant.  That was not expected but appreciated and speaks volumes to their customer service.  

Wifi is free if you are a member.   And that's free too.   Best part is that the wifi is good enough to watch netflix.   That's not the case at most hotels!!

Gym had a good selection of cardio (treadmill, cardio, elliptio) and weights.   They also offered a cross training and boxing class early in the morning.  My friend who went loved the classes.   Very small and so she got very personal attention from an excellent instructor.  

Every evening they offered complimentary wine (5-6 pm) - what a nice touch. 

There is a tavern on the premises with great food and an amazing whiskey selection.   Have not been to the rooftop restaurant yet but hope to make it before the week is over.  

Be sure to like them on facebook.   I did and saw a message about the free wine. 

All in all.   A great place to stay.
A great, clean, quirky hotel! I've stayed in too many bad hotels in my life, and this one is NOT one of them. Rooms are clean, and everything is well maintained. Rooms are a little small, but very nice. We had a standard room, and larger rooms are available. Joining the Kimpton club got us a $10 credit for the room mini bar. We'll definitely look for Kimpton hotels when we travel to other cities.
Checked in last night greeted by a friendly valet, bellman, and reception staff only to be disappointed by stained bed sheets where if I wasn't so exhausted, I would have complained. This morning waited over 30 mins for the valet to retrieve my car. At 6:30 am with only one other person in the queue, I foolishly failed to plan for this extremely long wait. For the brand and money, I expected better service. Look for alternatives.
My Husband and I came here after we legally married at city hall to celebrate our now legal marriage status. It was amazing. We upgraded to one of the corner spa king rooms which was just fabulous. It had amazing views of Independence hall and the tub was great. The decor is fabulous. I can understand some people thinking it is to loud but we just loved it.
We did get two extras, we upgraded to the bubbly and berries package, which was quite good although only three strawberries came with that. We also went up to the rooftop bar with VIP status. This got us two drinks a per person as well as admission to the bar. This was nice and the drinks were fantastic. The bar was a bit crowded and we did find most of the areas reserved for parities but the delicious drinks made up for it. 
Overall it was just a great experience for a little romantic one night get away. Would highly recommend it to others.
We stayed three nights at Hotel Monaco, and although this hotel has some big pluses, I can only give it 3 stars. 

First, the check-in was a nightmare albeit the beautifully designed lobby, which was always bustling and filled with patrons.  The concierge was so by the books, he wouldn't let me check into my room while my partner was parking but had to check his ID as well, as if I was somehow faking a hotel reservation. As if. Secondly, the room, while very spacious, was missing basic toiletries like shower caps, the mirror on the bed post had cracks and the fridge lock broke with the key inside it. This was annoying as we payed extra for the king sized room with a view. The bathroom door also doesn't have a lock and the shower area is exposed, giving you little to no privacy. No WiFi unless you become a member, and they ask for all your personal information. No thank you. No coffee in room either. But the wallpaper is nice. 

Now, onto some positives:

1. The location is excellent; right in the heart of Old town/society hill; close walking distance to restaurants, bars and coffee shops and all historical landmarks
2. The view of the liberty bell and independence hall was pretty nice
3. There is a self-park lot very close to the hotel which is pretty convenient as you don't have to pay for valet
4. Wine o'clock from 5-7, complimentary which is very popular. 
5. Good, powerful blow dryer. 
6. Nice design, lobby and comfortable rooms.
As per manager Jessica's request, I contacted her directly one week ago. I currently don't have any response, but will follow up on the customer service.
