We arrived nearly three hours early to check in, thinking we would go eat after dropping off our stuff.  Instead, we were greeted by a friendly front desk clerk who gave us our room right away.  In fact, everyone at Le Méridien was fantastic - from the valets to the restaurant staff.  The location of this hotel is phenomenal, walking distance from all the downtown Philly sites.  Price is reasonable for the incredible location.  Our room was clean and spacious. Part of the Marriott Bonvoy Network if you are a member.  Love the interior design where the inside of the hotel looks like one is outside.
They get three stars.  It seems an older building but updated, we had a room in the interior of the hotel, price was okay compared to others in the area, good location.  The room felt cramped and the view was awful.

As soon as I got to my room I had a call from the valet, he drove it under their garage and cracked off my roof rack-   I had to go through their insurance when I got home and have them replaced, got the check in the mail after dealing with their company for a few weeks.   It was okay, not a big deal, but a hassle none-the -less.
The hotel is located right next to city hall within walking distance of a large number of Philly's great destinations (the art musuem, city hall, reading terminal market, great restaurants and Chinatown!). A short 15 min drive from the airport and you're there as well. There is valet parking for those of you driving, but be wary of the cost ($50 per day!!!!). However, the valets are friendly and efficient.

The hotel itself looks like it's located in a historic building (which is not a surprise for the northeast). The front desk check-in process was fairly quick (I got there late so only 1 staff was on-hand causing some minor delays). The bar also seemed to close early, and didn't seem very spacious/have a large selection. 

The room itself was decently sized and decorated although the lights took a while to get used to. Bathroom was decently sized as well with a large walk-in shower (except mine leaked and engineering enver fixed it even after I requested a fix). Bath products were decent, better than the average hotel brand. The biggest problems I had with the room was two-fold: No easily accessible power plugs near the bed, and my window faced an interior courtyard!

Lastly, the gym is usable, but small with limited equipment. That's something that can definitely be improved on as well in the future. Wi-fi was also a little slow, had to toggle to 4g a number of times as well.
A very last minute trip to Pennsylvania brought us here as they had the best price per night. 

LOCATION:
The hotel sits north of City Hall, so its close to most of the city's popular spots like the Reading Terminal Market, Suburban Station, and art museum to name a few. 

ARRIVAL:
Only valet staff are available to assist with bringing luggage from the vehicle into the lobby.  From there you're on your own.  Check in by a female associate was fast and informative.  

LOBBY:
The sole restaurant & lobby bar (Amuse) is located across from the front desk and is open late.  One computer and printer was available right of the front desk.  

ROOM:
We had a room at the rear of the hotel, away from the night construction noise on Arch Street, so we had no issues.  The air conditioning was strong and cold even in the heatwave of July.  The king bed was a bit too soft and the pillows too flat.  The duvet cover was stained in several areas, another reason why this nasty piece of bedding should be removed and thrown on the floor in any hotel room as they're hardly ever washed!  TV channels were plentiful

BATHROOM:
There was lots of counter space regardless of the single basin design.  The Grohe-brand faucet was loose, with a water stream that splashed everywhere after hitting the basin.  Water temperature, pressure and drainage for the shower were good. 

HOUSEKEEPING:
No nightly turndown.  Cleanliness and replenishment were average.  

AMENITIES:
Free and strong WiFi, coffee maker, iron, safe, hair dryer. 

SERVICE:
The staff at the front desk and valet always greeted us, even opening the door like a Ritz Carlton.

DEPARTURE:
Check out was quick with a male associate, but why is it so difficult to get a "thank you"? 

OVERALL:
Central location, comfortable accommodations.
Really nice hotel in a less than attractive area. We got a great deal ($89 on 10/9...later bookings show the price at $289) and visited Terror Behind the Walls at Eastern State Penitentiary (awesome by itself!!). Really cool and modern hotel, trendy lobby with excellent music and a center placed bar. Rooms are comfortable and updated...BUT: location is less than desirable, located right by social service centers so some sketchy characters around. Skip the valet ($40 a day) and use SpotHero app for a parking spot directly diagonally across the street. Good hotel, but eat/drink elsewhere. Rittenhouse Square is a ten min walk.
This was a last minute booking through Hotel Tonight when our flight was cancelled. 

Upon arrival, the front desk couldn't find our reservation and asked for some time. It was almost midnight, but we were able to grab one drink at the bar prior to it closing. I didn't think our day could get more annoying until we ran into a few belligerent individuals at the bar. The Meridien bartender handled it to the best of his ability.

Our room was finally available and we finally went to grab some sleep after spending all day trapped at an airport.The room was standard. View from room just looked into more buildings. No room service given the late hour.

Finally, our uber in the morning couldn't find the front of the hotel. We had to cancel and have the valet call us a taxi.
I was in town for a race last weekend, and while I had originally booked at the Courtyard, I decided to switch to Le Meridien to be slightly closer to where I needed to go (the Art Museum). In hindsight, I do regret this choice a bit. When you enter Le Meridien, you are greeted with the bar in front of you; the front desk (if you can even really call it that) is behind the entrance to the left. The folks at the front were nice enough in getting me checked in, yet they did not bother to give me the WiFi access code even after providing my SPG member info. The elevators aren't great, mainly because you need a key to get to your floor, and the key reader in some of the elevators weren't working or were disabled outright...what is the point if they aren't going to be used?

As for the room, we had a view out back facing north - nothing really to look at. The bed was not very comfortable - a bit too stiff, and the comforter felt way too heavy. While the water pressure in the shower was high (i.e. the way I like it), there was barely any water pressure for the toilet...almost not enough to get a full flush. Perhaps it's supposed to be environmentally friendly, but that was a bit weird. What I really didn't like was that our room was not serviced at all when we were there. I had put out the green tag (for not changing sheets or towels), but that certainly does not mean that there is no room service. Pretty poor, IMO, and a reflection of a hotel that looks nice and stylish on the outside but doesn't really deliver otherwise.

I'd stay here again really only for location reasons / to earn SPG points; otherwise, there are definitely a good number of other hotels in the Center City / City Hall area that will almost certainly service your needs better than Le Meridien. The only thing it has going for it is location; the rest was immensely disappointing.
While I usually stay at the Palomar in Rittenhouse Square, I thought I'd work on my Starwood Preferred Guest status and go with Le Meridian on a recent work trip to Philly and it was not a bad pick. While the location isn't as ideal, it's still in a pretty metropolitan area and only 15 minutes from RS anyway. 

I can understand people's complaints about the lobby/entrance as it's set up rather awkwardly with a bar where the reservations desk would be normally when you walk in. A little bit of hunting around the corner and I was able to check-in and get set up with a room key. My room was nicely appointed, though lacking much of a view. The bed was very comfortable and all the electronics worked - though the $9.99/day wireless internet is predictably slow. I love having a coffee machine in the room and they delivered on this as well. 

I didn't get anything from room service or the restaurant, but I'd agree with other reviewers that it appeared pretty pricey. But then again, it is a hotel and I think overpriced food is almost expected. 

The layout of the hotel is interesting, and certainly wasn't built originally for this purpose. Like much of the architecture in Philly there is a modern/antique juxtaposition in the decor. Canopied ceilings with ergonomic chairs, heavy drapery and a slick headboard. But overall, it's incredibly comfortable.
Stayed here for a girl's weekend. They were doing renovations and it wasn't overly loud. The staff pointed out the renovations and asked if we wanted to use the pool since it was closed but we could use a pool in the neighborhood if we wanted too Beautiful hotel with fantastic art and really nice staff. I didn't realize if you arrived early they could hold bags, which would have been helpful because I arrived super early and was tired of lugging around my luggage. i loved the bar there as well, they had drinks named after famous people (had the Carrie Fisher, RIP my sweet General). The room was larger than expected, but I suppose after staying in a boutique hotel in NYC that isn't setting a high standard lol.

I also love the courtyard in the middle of the hotel. We couldn't go there because of the renovations, but it looked like a stunning space.
Super cute spot in the heart of the area. Due to COVID they didn't change the towels or anything like that during the day while we were out, so we had to call down to the front desk for things but that's understandable. The front desk was happy to bring up fresh towels and more toiletries, and mentioned if there was anything else that we needed please free feel and don't hesitate to call. 

The hotel also provided print out recommendations for local restaurants and attractions in the area that were currently operating, I thought that was super and definitely used it. It's awesome that they went out of their way to provide their guests with things like that. The bar was open, so if you wanted a nightcap or just a drink they were there for you. 

Valet parking is kind of expensive, $60 a night. Yikes!  The valet did mention that there are cheaper spots in the area if you look around. I used SpotHero to find cheaper spots that were a few blocks away. I ended up paying $40 for the entire time I parked, which was 2 days. Definitely WAY better than $60 a night. So utilize that resource if you're driving.
We had a FANTASTIC stay at Le Meridien.  We will literally come back to Philly just to stay here.  And even if we're coming back for something else, we will stay here.  We basically just want to stay here all the time, regardless of the need to be in Philadelphia or not.  I want to be there right now. 

OK enough about that...no but seriously, take a look at how fantastic this place is:

WINNING!...
- Wonderful staff from start to finish -- front desk, onsite restaurant wait staff, bartenders, valet, management.  Every.  Person.  Was.  Phenomenal.  It was pouring the entire time we were there and the valet was handing out complimentary umbrellas like mints.  I also feel the need to note that the valet was not as slow as some of the other reviews have suggested, which was a pleasant surprise. 
- On-site restaurant Amuse was serving up delicious (but pricey) breakfast in the form of light, fluffy pancakes, fresh fruit, homemade banana bread, chicken apple sausage & more. 
- Room was large for a city hotel and had an ALMOST unobstructed view of Philly's gorgeous capitol building (the view in exterior-looking rooms on the 9th floor are obstructed a bit due to the hotel's architecture).
- Helpful, knowledgeable front desk staff that circled, highlighted and folded a map of Philly every time we needed one. 
- Modern boutiquey feel with classic Starwood conveniences.  Clean room on a high floor with an exterior view?  Check.  You need extra towels?  No problem.  Room service & lobby bar?  Got you covered.  Amazing bed?  Obviously.  Did you need a LIBRARY?  Because they have one of those too. 
- Interesting modern bureau that successfully housed storage space, a mini-bar, and a flat screen TV. 

THE IN BETWEENIE...
- Location falls somewhere between a win! and yikes!.  You could walk through the Capitol building and be within walking distance of a lot of art, shopping, restaurants, parks, etc.  However, there is also a liquor store with some sketchy looking characters lurking outside it next door.  This was not enough of a deterrent from walking around, or walking back to the hotel at night on the weekend nights we were there. 

JUST A FEW FLAWS...
- We did not stay in one, but there are interior-view rooms (view of interior courtyard that has lots of natural light and a very high ceiling).  I specifically requested a room with an outside view out of personal preference.  Might not be an issue for all, but is worth a mention for my fellow claustrophobic Yelpers.
- No tub in our classic king, and the floor of the shower needed to either be scrubbed vigorously or just replaced totally. 
- Room was a bit on the dark side, probably because of the building's architecture obstructing part of the window, as I mention above. 
- No pool/sauna/whirlpool.  Bummer.

I hate to not end on a positive note, so I will just say that they aforementioned gripes were not any reason to write this place off even a little bit  They almost don't even warrant the loss of an entire star.  

Overall I would HIGHLY recommend this hotel & will absolutely be back.  I can't wait!
First time staying here. Not as near to the shops and restaurants that I'd like to go to, but convenient enough of a location for downtown.

At night, I'd probably take a cab to navigate around (mostly bc I'm not familiar with the area and it's quiet).

Staff is super friendly and accommodating. Rooms trendy, but slightly worn out blankets, sheets, shower curtains. 

Overall, would stay again.
If I were to stay here again, I would only stay if I'm on the 10th floor city view room. The rooms are nothing really to talk about. There's something going on with the air circulation because me and my other friends who had other rooms were having problems with their sinuses. 
The hotel lobby bartenders are really good at what they do. The food is pretty good. The hotel is chic and have a nice layout. The doormen are a bit shady. One of them "catcalled" me as I was leaving the building by myself.
I' m only giving them 3 starts because it is in a great location and the front desk staff are friendly.
The hotel itself was clean, beautiful, and the room was marvelous. The staff at the front desk was also very friendly. Definitely stay there for the hotel.

The 3 stars instead of 5 is because of the breakfast. It pretty much ruined our experience.
We literally waited for 1 hour and 26 minutes before our eggs, toast and sausages came out! dry and hard by the way.  They wouldn't tell us why, just told us to keep waiting and apologized, but it wasted 1.5 of our day where we had other plans. We didn't know there was going to be a wait or we would have gotten better brunch else where. My only tip, is if something is broken in the back or if you are understaffed, just let people know the truth. be honest. dont keep saying its' coming right out, and make us wait another hour before it actually comes out. I would have understood and went elsewhere, but instead we all sat around, starving for a long time and it wasn't cool.
This is one of those times when I wished I'd taken a picture. Because I truly enjoyed the view from my 10th floor room. I hadn't been back in Philly in [redacted] years. I went to college just outside of the city and have many conflicted memories about the City of Brotherly Love. But, if my experience at Le Meridien was any indication, there's no more bad blood between us. I had a wonderful time and felt at home.

The location is excellent. It's a fairly short walk from the train line and even with luggage and chilly temps, I wasn't fazed by hoofing it. Once you arrive, walk up some steps (the doorguys need to be more aware of opening said door for guests) and walk in... a bar? Okay. I mean, I was thinking about checking in, but I'll get a drink. Actual check-in's around the corner at a very cool desk. I must have looked a hot mess when I checked in (L to Midway to Philly to Septa to the mean streets in a light drizzle to the hotel) because the agent asked if I would like a complimentary upgrade. Si, senor. Daddy like. A couple of keystrokes later and I was on my way to the top floor. The property has been converted and the atrium layout is pretty cool. If you're prone to vertigo, don't look down once exiting off of the elevators.

A short labyrinthian walk later and I was at my corner room. I opened it up and... this'll do. A trademark of an enjoyable room is how quickly it makes you want to strip out of your street clothes and into the robe. My Sunday shoes were off in no time. As I perched up on my high bench and overlooked the plaza courtyard view (domes, architecture and sky can usually inspire), I marveled about how much Philadelphia had changed since I lived there (well, close to there). Nicely done. My large window sat above my plush bed that beckoned me to sink into it. The carpet felt great underneath my feet and I had plenty of storage space. The bathroom wasn't entirely clean upon my arrival, but considering it was an upgrade, I'm not going to complain about that. It also showed some small signs of age. Those few nit picks (including doormen who only opened the door for me once and never helped me with my luggage) are what's making this review a 4.5 rather than a 5. So, while housekeeping may have been a bit overwhelmed, the front desk staff (check-in, check-in, each time I came to the lobby) was so courteous and well-trained that it put me in a good mood each time I encountered them.
My husband and I stayed at Le Meridien this past weekend when we decided to take an impromptu trip to Philadelphia. It was my first time stayed at a Starwood property, and it did not disappoint. We snagged a wonderful deal for our same day trip on Hotel Tonight and felt that our expectations were surpassed for the price that we paid. Everyone we encountered did their best to see that our stay was pleasant. The door and bell staff who helped us with our luggage and valeted our car were very courteous and welcoming. We especially enjoyed the complimentary macarons at check-in: delicious! 
The only thing that was a bit disappointing is that we were allocated a room with two beds instead of just one. We went down to the lobby to rectify the problem. but were told that since we had booked on HT, we were subject to run of the house, and that was all that was available. The concierge must have noted our disappointment, because she then offered up two vouchers for complimentary specialty cocktails at their bar. Awesome! We enjoyed a few martinis later on in the evening, courtesy of Le Meridien.
What I loved about the hotel was it's stylish fusion of old world architecture and modern European design. It was funky while still comfortable. Loved the open air feeling when exiting the elevators and heading to our room, so cool! The room was spacious, well appointed and overall very cozy. We got the best sleep ever in those beds, even if we were a bit cramped when sharing the full size mattress. Wonderful bedding!
The next day, we checked our bags before making the short walk to Reading Terminal for lunch. Pickup for both our luggage and car were quick and effortless. Overall, we loved it and hope to visit again on any future trips to Philly.
I've stayed at Le Meridien a few times now while on work trips and have always had an enjoyable experience. The hotel is very modern and chic -- it almost feels like you are walking into an art gallery. Unlike many reviewers I've always found the staff in the lobby to be super helpful and friendly!

My room was impeccably clean, spacious and had a very, very comfortable bed. Weird complaint, but I did not like the bathroom door -- it slides open and was really heavy.

The fitness center is small and much like your typical hotel gym: it has what you need but you don't really want to spend much time there. You're better off going for a quick run over to the Rocky steps!

Location wise, it's in a great spot and is definitely the most convenient for me. There aren't many restaurants *right* nearby, but there is a nice strip of spots about a half mile away. I will definitely continue to stay at Le Meridien when visiting Philly!
You don't get much for the price. Valet service is ludicrously expensive, especially when there's a parking lot one block away that only costs $7. (The valet attendant was the one who gave us this information, by the way. He was AWESOME.)

The service was good, in general, but our room made no sense. First of all, the TV is situated in such a way that both people can't see it from the bed. The person on the left side of the bed can lay on their side to watch a movie, but the other person is shit out of luck. Truly terrible design choice there.

The sliding door between the bathroom and the foyer was broken and off the rails.

There was only one robe, even though they knew two people were staying in the room. Perhaps we were supposed to share it.

The building itself was gorgeous with lots of interesting amenities. But the rooms come first for me.
This is the only hotel in Philadelphia, as far as I'm concerned. I love everything about it. The rooms are big, the bathrooms are big, everything is clean and the decor is trendy and cute, yet not in an annoying way. They have adjoined rooms. Their prices are reasonable. The location is great if you want to be downtown. 

The reason I didn't give 5 stars is because the valet is slow and no one warned me about that. I used valet and it took 45 minutes for them to get my car. There is a parking garage across the street -- use that instead.
Top notch customer service from start to finish.

Without question I would stay here again and also recommend to my friends. The staff was incredibly accommodating and helpful. We didn't spend much time in the hotel common areas but the actual guest room was clean, comfortable and up to date. Our view was stunning (see photo). I'd strongly recommend a room with a city hall view - it's one of the most beautiful buildings in Philadelphia! On that note, the hotel is super convenient to the City Hall subway stop where you can access three lines of service. Lots of shopping and restaurants are also within walking distance).

Special shout out to Katie McLaughlin who took extra steps to ensure we felt welcomed and appreciated as guests. 

Great job Le Meridien, keep it up!
Phenomenal hotel for several reasons:

1. Location. This place is super centrally located in the heart of the city itself, but the rooms don't suffer from loud street noise. Very nice to be able to efficiently get food and come right back, and public transit is easy to reach. 
2. Customer service. I encountered was consistently great! Thank you so much to all staff, because everyone I encountered was helpful and courteous, going above and beyond consistently. 
3. Nice rooms. Really you can't complain about the room quality as everything was spacious, new, and clean. 
4. Restaurant area downstairs also very nice! 

The one thing I can see as a con is that the wifi isn't free without Starwood Preferred Guest status. It'd be great if some basic level was universally available. Otherwise everything was great!
Went back again.  Trendy and upscale, nice beds and ok sized rooms.  The beds are comfortable with quality linens and nice pillows.  The room is laid out nicely for work and relazation - and mine had a cool armoir for hanging your clothes as well as holding the minibar and coffee service (should have taken a picture).  Desk and chair are comfortable for working and the TV is just the right size - big enough for comfortable viewing but not too big for the room.

The lobby has fun interior décor with a cool lobby bar and nice alcoves where you can sip with your special someone.  The staff is helpful and friendly.  

There are a number of fine hotel choices in Philly, add this to the list.
I hate the interior rooms.

Le Meridien is a solid hotel option "in the middle" of downtown Philly close to City Hall.

I prefer theLe Meridien over the Ritz or Marriot.  The Westin is my preferred hotel but it is often sold out.

My biggest issues with the Le Meridien are as follows:
- interior rooms - these rooms are dark and make me feel claustrophobic...I really hate them...I need lots of natural light which I don't get in the interior rooms
- entry stairs: there are stairs leading into the hotel, but often doorman/women are nowhere to be found...leaving one to lug bags up and down the stairs
- dark rooms: interior or exterior, the lighting is insufficient at night

I have stayed here quite often in the past and dollar for dollar, this is one of the best hotel deals in Philly, just make sure you don't get an interior room...
This was my first time ever staying at Le Mèridien. I had been traveling all day and I was definitely excited to get there. I got there before check-in time and luckily, my room was ready and I got upgraded. The steps are pretty steep and there was no ramp to get my luggage up on, but the valet guys helped out with that. The check-in process was really quick and easy. Both Vivian and Tanika helped answer all my questions and explain to me the lay of the land. The lobby area is really cool. This is a boutique take, and has a lot more style than your uniform hotels. The elevators were very fast, which I appreciated, and even the hallways were really cool. I was on a high floor and even in the lobby of my floor it had a brick layout=super swanky. I had an amazing view which I loved. It's a great location in walking distance from many things to do-Restaurants, entertainment, shopping, etc. I am currently staying at a Le Mèridien in Denver. I'm very big fan of this hotel. However, I wish it had a concierge lounge! The fitness center is cute, on the smaller side. I didn't get a chance to eat there, but they definitely have a lobby restaurant and bar with the happy hour that seemed pretty popular. I would definitely stay here again I was back in the area.
I stayed on 9/19. I booked via Hotel Tonight and was in town for a concert. The place was beautiful and very close to where I needed to go and also to various attractions. As a vegan I could appreciate that it was close to Chinatown as well. 

When I got my room key and proceeded to the room, it looked wonderful. There were still wine glasses from the previous guest sitting outside the door. I went to use the shower and the bathroom had hair in various places, mainly on the floor and sink. If they considered the room to be clean it definitely was not. I didn't have time to complain because I was in a rush. 

At the price point for this hotel I would expect much better as far as cleanliness.
Pulled up on a Friday evening... Normally, I would just get out and begin unloading our bags, but there was a car parked in the valet loading so I was waiting for that car to move, so I would have some space to not be in the middle of the street. There is no driveway. 

After looking at the valet in the window for several minutes, and waving at them several times, a gentleman finally exits the hotel and begins walking towards my car. Like any normal person, I began exiting my vehicle, at which point this guy holds the door of my car, so I can't get out, and says "Calm down sir, you need to wait." Then this guy gets into the car that was blocking the valet area, and drives off. I pull into the valet area, and a few moments later, another man emerges from the hotel. This guy is the valet. Finally. He is polite and courteous, takes our bags, and tells me that he will take them up to the room. This entire time, it's raining and sleeting outside, so obviously, I did not want my girl to have to wait in the horrible weather, which is another reason why this wasn't a great experience.

We get into the hotel, and we are puzzled - where is the registration desk? Le Meridien Philadelphia opens up into a bar, not the concierge desk, nor registration desk, nor lobby. There is no lobby. You literally walk in and are at the hotel bar. I looked around, and noticed that there was a hallway to our left. After turning down the hallway, I saw the registration desk which is tucked around the corner, and we walk up to begin our check-in process. Normally at a 4+ Star hotel, you would expect the person checking you in to know the area and the hotel, at the very least, the restaurants that are rated "The Best" in their city. Here, Le Meridien fell short again. The lady checking us in had never heard of Amada, nor the area which we told her it was in, she said "Hold on, let me Google it," to which the other guest checking in at the time said, "Let me save you the trouble. You two[my partner and myself] are going to want to get a cab. Parking is horrible in that area as well." This encounter can easily be overlooked as I do not know the background of the lady that was checking us in. She could have easily been a new hire, or a new resident of Philadelphia. 

The next part was the most troubling to me. I had opted to get the "King Superior" suite, which ran approximately $525 per night. When you spend that much money on a hotel room, you expect there to be certain aspects in that room. For example, a wardrobe that closes. Honestly, I would expect a closet, and not an IKEA wardrobe, but if it was a wardrobe, it should close. Ours did not. I would like to point out that the biggest part about this being an issue was that there is a light inside the wardrobe, much like a refrigerator light. It stays on as long as the door is open. As such, the light was on THE ENTIRE NIGHT. Secondly, there was an extremely exhaust fan that was continuously running, and would not turn off.

I must say though, the hotel Concierge, Mary did an amazing job. She did everything I asked, and was very thorough in it. As it was our anniversary, I had asked for a bottle of sparkling Rose, as well as flowers to be set in the room, which she did a marvelous job with, and executed perfectly.

As she did such a wonderful job, I voiced my concerns to her. She responded the next morning, and included the Hotel Manager into what had happened. The Manager says that they will immediately remedy the issues, and give me $100 off of my stay with them. I'm no genius, but that's less than 20% off the rate for one night. Factoring in the flowers, sparkling wine, inconvenience, and fact that they new it was a one year anniversary, I felt as though more could be done. Anyways, I let her know we would be out of the room from 11:30am through till about 5pm. When we get back to the room, I notice nothing was done. The wardrobe was still broken, and the exhaust was still loud as ever. I could understand if there was some issue and it was not able to be remedied, but I did not even get an update from the Manager saying as much.

You would think this would be the end of it, but it wasn't. On Sunday, we checked out and walked over to Reading Terminal as it was finally a gorgeous day. The other 2 days we were in Philly it was miserable outside. Anyways, on the walk back to the hotel, I call Valet and let them know that we are returning, and would appreciate it if they brought my car up. As we were walking up to the hotel, we saw the valet bringing my car around. You would think that they would respect the vehicle, and drive it conservatively, weather it was a sports car or not. They did not. I witnessed the valet whipping my car around, and cutting off 2 people in the span of 3 blocks.

DO NOT STAY HERE.
Well I was waiting to see how my situation was handled before I wrote a comment, but I'm not very happy with the way things turned out. My husband and I stayed at this hotel over the weekend. Our car was valet parked, which was the only option for this hotel. We got our car back the next day and it was very clear that someone went threw the vehicle. Stuff was torn apart and all a mess. Once we got in our vehicle we noticed stuff was stolen out of the car, totaling over $200 worth. We called the hotel which they said they would investigate. I got a phone call saying they looked at the parking garage cameras and our car wasn't seen in the cameras, it was out of the angle. Coincidence? I think not.
I originally made my reservation thru expedia but decided to come in one night early die to the expected snow storm.  I called direct and they found a room for me and best my expedia price.

When I checked in the staff were perfect.   Helpful with information on what to expect with the storm, and they even brought me a fridge for my room.

I am starwood preferred,  and that floor was on the top.  The guy toting my luggage gave me a quick history of the building.  Amazing! !

The amenities are on point.  The bed...well u know their heavenly beds!!

I will absolutely stay here the 3 times a year I'm in philly.
I had late afternoon meetings up north and an early morning flight out of Philly, so it only made sense that I drive down and stay closer to the airport.  But airport hotels are a drag - nowhere to walk to, have to take a car/taxi anywhere fun.  On the other hand, they do have lower rates than the downtown hotels which makes my company happy.  So my search began for a nice hotel at a reasonable rate within walking distance of some nightlife (and preferably a Starwood property).

That is when I spied upon the Le Meridien and a great AAA special rate that was actually cheaper than the airport hotels.  So I booked the room, turned in my rental on the way, and taxied on over. True, between the ride from the airport to the hotel (and back the next morning) I didn't save much $$ over the parking and rental for another day, but I didn't have to hassle with returning it before my 7 am flight.

The room was quite comfortable, though a touch small and the AC was acting a little weird. The bed was very comfortable, the view was nice, and the room was quiet.

Check In/Out was very efficient, the doorman quite helpful, and the suggestions for dinner and drinks by the lovely young woman at the front desk were spot on.  Service overall was very good. And when I requested a taxi to be there in the morning for my early morning flight, they arranged a towncar for me. It was waiting as promised, was very comfortable (much nicer than a taxi), and cost only about $5 more than a taxi.

The interior is a cool mixture of modern design and the classic nature of the building. Exiting the elevator on the floor you are basically on a curved balcony facing a old brick wall. it was one of the unexpected and cool aspects to this hotel.

I was able to easily walk to where I wanted to go form there - the hotel is close to City Hall and an easy walk to Academy of Fine Arts, JFK Park, the nightlife of Chestnut and Sansom streets, and Rittenhouse Square. The area right by the hotel isn't the best, so be wary - though I never saw anything to be concerned about.

I only stayed here 1 night and wish I had stayed longer.
I stayed for two nights in Le Meridien recently for a wedding and I was completely impressed. The room was modern and spacious, so was the bathroom. There was decent closet space, and the mini fridge was packed with juices, sodas and energy drinks that came in handy. The bar in the lobby was super cool, and the bartender was friendly and made great drinks. Beds were comfy and clean. The wedding was gorgeous with beautiful views of city hall. 

The only thing of note is that our hotel room window faced the indoor atrium, it was nice but I would have loved some natural sunlight into our room. If this is something you're looking for be sure to request a room with an outdoor view. Overall, this hotel was super chic and really took pride in giving us a great experience. I took a customer satisfaction survey after leaving and got a personal email from one of the directors with comments on my feedback - very impressive that they went that extra mile. Definitely one of the nicest stays I've had at a hotel.
The hotel was a beautiful hotel, located about 5-10 minutes (walking) away from great shopping, great restaurants and it was a good area to be in. The hotel grounds were beautiful, and the rooms were neat. The cleaning staff were so kind and always had a smile on their face.
Check in was easy but check out really rubbed me the wrong way.

We had an early flight to catch in the morning, so we needed to check out at 6:00 AM. I asked the woman at the front desk the night prior if I can check out at that time, and she said yes, of course, someone is always there. (during check-in we asked if we can change the card on file and she said yes, you can do it at check out)

6:00 check out morning comes and we are greeted (very loose wording since it was more of a shun) and the person at the front desk barely acknowledges our presence. I told her we needed to check out and told her the last name and room number. She said okay we have your card on file, you're okay to go.

I said2 I want to check out properly, review any charges, and switch the credit card. She said sorry I can't help you, come back in 20-30. She was doing "audits" on her computer and wasn't able to pull up anything. I've never got a more insincere apology or a more laughable customer service experience. 

She was downright rude, and even if there was nothing to be done, be more gracious.

I think next time we're in philly, we'll be going somewhere else...
This hotel has very poor customer service, poor house keeping, dirty rooms, and a rude front desk staff. This is the first hotel room I've ever seen a BED BUG in. I called down to the front desk and was met with immediate attitude as if I was causing a problem for finding this bed bug. They said they would send engineering up to determine if I qualified for a new room. The guy was much more polite and professional than the woman at the front desk. However, he said ," ah cmon thats not a bed bug." I had a sample for him and it was a squished bug that was definitely a bed bug after comparing pictures on my phone. They put me through a hassle before moving me to the room directly next door. 

The housekeepers do not know how to make the beds apparently as one of the previous reviews states. There is dust on the trim around the walls of the room and dust behind the furniture. The walls are stained and the carpets are not vacuumed. The sheets are stained as I said not on the bed properly or tucked in. The bathroom is dirty as their is are black hairs in the tub. When you stay at a hotel of this caliber you expect a level of decency that this hotel does not and apparently cannot provide. I hope you read this review before staying here.
This is our second time staying here with dog and having a very pleasant experience! First of all, the bed is extremely comfortable! The pet-friendly aspect is a huge perk so that dogs get to experience the comfy bed. Seriously she couldn't stop rolling around on the bed. The king size single bed room has always been spacious and clean. The staff are friendly and accommodating. The location is right smack dab center city, right by city hall. Easy walking distance to most tourist attractions. Def a great place to stay!!
Booked this through Travelzoo and was not disappointed!

RATE: At about $187/night plus taxes and other fees it wasn't bad for the quality of the hotel and the location.

CHECK IN: Had no issues checking in around 7pm on Friday, got our room right away and headed up.

KING ROOM: We got the 1 king room, which is not the biggest room but has enough space for 2 people who pretty much just sleep in the room.  Spacious bathroom with a glass shower, full length mirror, shampoo, conditioner, soap, lotion, hair blow dryer.  The "living room" space has a TV, desk, the bed and closet.  There is even free wifi, which is pretty decent and not super slow.  Our room faced the atrium so there was no outside view, but we didn't mind.

LOCATION: It's located right next to Love Park, City Hall and like a 5 minute walk to Reading Market and a 10 min walk to Rittenhouse square. It's also very close to the Suburban train station.  Overall, a great location and easy to get to and from.  There are a few "shadier" establishments next door but I didn't feel unsafe at all.  

HOTEL: The lobby is nice, the furnshings are all modern and sleek.  The third floor is the "business center" or atrium where you can relax and it's cool to see it from the balcony on your floor.  

Overall, I would recommend this hotel.  There are some aspects that make it not AS nice (a slightly rusty shower and some of the shadier establishments next door or the size of the room itself) but it wouldn't preclude me from staying again.
The staff here at the front desk didn't seem too concerned with getting my friend and I checked into our room. No sense of urgency at all and barely seemed to acknowledge our presence. The room was decently clean but found some dust in there on a few items...hmmm. It was ok, I probably wouldn't stay here again. The office/front desk staff must give different people different levels of service.
Solid Starwood hotel in Philadelphia. Review is for a 3.5. The pros and cons noted from our Presidents Weekend stay are as follows:
Pros
- Location is close to independence hall, the constitution center, the Masonic temple, City Hall, Reading Market and other downtown attractions
- The design is modern with fun colors and clean uncluttered rooms
- The bath products are good, they refill bottles water daily, the safe has a power outlet, flat screen TVs with lots of channels and good on demand, free Wolfgang puck coffee, free wireless with spg platinum
- better than average restaurant - Amuse
- decent gym although some of the tvs on the machines didn't work 
- nice brick wall inside courtyard / lounge area

Cons
- inconsistent service sometimes forgot to refill bath products and coffee
- expensive parking and no benefit for spg members because it's owned by a third party
- bar downstairs is noisy and integrated with the lobby - some people may like this but something felt cluttered about it
- not cheap but not expensive
- comfortable bed but not heavenly!
- supposed to be modern but no stereo with iPod/iPhone dock


Overall the location is the main attraction here but nothing spectacular about the hotel. Wonder if Philly will ever get a W...until it does this is the best Starwood has to offer here.
I enjoyed my stay at this hotel because for one thing, it smells super super good. For another, it is located in a highly convenient area, near everything. There is a super chill vibe about it and it is quaint and friendly. The hotel staff were awesome and very friendly. I would definitely stay again. The rooms are super big!!!
Loved the whole look of the hotel. Modern. The guest room area was also pretty cool with the way they designed it. The rooms are very spacious and lots of lighting available in the room and bathroom so you can turn fixtures on/off to your own liking. 

The gym is 24/7, which is nice, but it is very very small. It has all your essentials so it definitely gets the job done.

The area is close to city center, so it was nice to stroll around early in the morning and afternoon. Coffee shops and restaurants are a short walk away, so is the Reading Terminal Market! At night, it gets a bit dicey with the homeless around the area. 

Majority of the staff I interacted with was great, except for the front desk. I called around midnight asking for late checkout, and was approved for 3pm, and when I double checked in the morning, the front desk staff said it wasn't recorded and that they couldn't accommodate it. Eventually got a 1pm late check out. Also when I did check out, the staff member gave a look of annoyance when I asked for a printed copy and an emailed copy of the invoice (still never got the emailed copy).

Would consider staying here again next time since the location is great.
I really should have written this review update a year ago. Corporate had to step in and fix things which they did (thank God). Still only 3 stars because of all I went through. We will never stay here again. Credit to Corporate for stepping in though.
Stayed here for 4th of July a couple of years in a row.  Great clean place. McDonalds  right next door for the kids meals.  Short walk to the parkway.  Also got a free cappuccino in the morning.
I did and I went back there as well no one called me ever about my earrings being handed in! Who ever stole them will have bad karma!!
Le Meridien is a great hotel at an even better price-point in Center City. It has a modern and trendy vibe and it's not fancy or over-the-top. I've had the pleasure of staying at this property many times over the past few years and it's always an easy, comfortable stay. 

You are right in the center of all of the best Philly has to offer. Less than a 10 min. walk to Chinatown, a 10 min. walk the other way to the Franklin Institute and if you love food, you are within a few minutes of so many of the best restaurants in the city (psst.. Dandelion). So much yummy food. 

Valet parking, door and security service 24x7, good room service menu. The rooms are bright and comfortable. The City Hall view is beautiful. Make sure to make a room request. They have a few interior rooms which face an interior "courtyard" that gets claustrophobic because your curtains have to be shut the whole time.

Stayed February 2016
This was the worst experience I've ever had staying at a hotel.  My wallet was stolen from my hotel room (the light wasn't working so they sent someone to fix it while I was gone so my guess is this person took it).  My credit cards were used to purchase thousands of dollars worth of merchandise.  The staff didn't even say they were sorry for my experience.  No one who works in security was working when I reported it....I'd think that someone from security should be working 24/7 for such a large hotel.  I'm very upset about this incident and I hope that they fire the person that did this and have them arrested (they know who did it from reading the card swipes).  A Philadelphia detective is on the case and I hope this doesn't happen to anyone else.  To say the least, the staff wasn't very empathetic.
Meh....I expected more.

I didn't know that the hotel was under renovation when booked our stay - so that was a pain in the ass but forgivable....we get it. 

The room was nice and roomy but the bed wasn't very comfortable and the view was shitty - literally of a brick wall.

On the flip side - the staff was great and the bar served good, strong cocktails.

The location was ideal - we didn't get our car out for three days - we just walked everywhere!

The breakfast was pretty terrible - the buffet looked pretty decent so I was down to pay $20 a person but after trying it we did not eat any more food there at all.

Given the chance for a do-over, there are a few other hotels that were downtown I would chose over this one.
This is a beautiful hotel. I love it. When I have the chance to stay here when I'm in Philly, I know I am going to enjoy my stay. It's a boutique hotel in the business district by the Girl Scouts Building. Checking in is easy and it's never taken a long time. When you go in the elevator, you need to use your room key to get to the floor. The gym is on the 5th floor and is nice. Also, what I think is great, is that the hotel doesn't have a business center, but does have computers that you can use for the Internet or print out for free (no charge-by-the-minute fees). 

The rooms are sweet. They are not as spacious, but they are well designed and comfortable. The shower is really strong and the toiletries (shampoo, conditioner, lotion, soap, etc.) that the hotel provides you are nice products. I always have a good night's sleep on their beds, too. You can really relax in Le Meridian rooms. Most recently, I stayed on the 9th floor and the view from the room was pretty cool. The 10th floor is the penthouse floor (I can only imagine what that's like). 

Amuse, the hotel bar, is really nice. The cocktails are a little pricy, but they are really well-made. The bartenders know their stuff. I like the With Love and my boyfriend is into the Sazerac. The bar is right in the lobby. It's the first thing you see in front of you when you enter the hotel. 

The only suggestion that I would make is to park your car (if you've driven one into the city) in an independent parking lot/deck because the cost for valet parking through the hotel is very expensive.
Le Meridien is located in the heart of center city Philadelphia. You are one block North of City Hall.

This is a very modern, upscale property. From the outside it is unassuming, but walk through the twin set of double doors, you feel a very hip vibe.

I've stayed here a few times over the past year. Each visit is punctuated with great service, a very clean well appointed room, and finally, fun, energetic patrons.

About our room: Modern, clean, newer technology. Oversized bathroom and nice shower. The bed was very comfortable and had clean linens all around. 

We scheduled room service for 9:30am (breakfast). It was served on time and the food was well prepared and delicious. Although I may be biased, as I was hungover and really needed to eat.

You are a five or ten minute walk to the South side of Broad Street. Many restaurants and bars to choose from. And of course, you are right across the street from Philly's famous LOVE Park. Also, I recommend going to Chris's Jazz Club.

One, very minor note. There is a bar/restaurant adjacent to the property. It does not attract the best of crowds. This should not stop you from staying here, just a caution.

Le Meridien is one of Philly's best hotels. The service is excellent and the food and bar serve up very good fare. 

If your use Priceline, you may even get a room at a deep discount depending on the night. I have not paid more than $90 per night, but that can be hit or miss.

Le Meridien is worth a stay.

IF YOU ENJOYED MY REVIEW, PLEASE RATE IT AND SEND ME A COMMENT!
This was an overnight stay after a trip to NYC. We stayed one night in Philly at the beginning of the trip. Here is that review:
http://www.yelp.com/biz/aloft-philadelphia-airport-philadelphia#hrid:EyCU5an7DqZx1Zk80PbfRg 

This hotel was redeeming after my first Philly hotel experience. It was what the first hotel was supposed to be. The decor is amazeballs. I wanted to take everything home with me...and that was before I even got to the room. The room--oh the room. It was perfect. The bed was comfy, the bathroom was luxurious, although I didn't end up needing the phone that was next to the toilet (!). Our window overlooked a balcony and an alley way. It was kind of a cool view but I wished I could go out to the balcony. The wardrobe in the room...I want it. It was exactly what I have wanted for my bedroom at home. So if you have a clue where it came from holla! The bathroom door was a huge sliding piece of wood that was painted red...and I loved it. I could actually use that at home too (long story).

We had looked at this room on hotels.com but didn't want to spend the money on it. We ended up doing one of those "get a X star hotel room for X dollars but we can't tell you which one until you book"....and we got this room. It was so awesome that I would gladly pay full price next time to stay here.
It was an easy block and a half walk to the train station at 430 am to go to the airport. It was actually MUCH more convenient than staying at an airport hotel. 
Love.
Absolutely awesome hotel. The interior decorating is amazing. When you walk into the lobby you'll know you made a good decision booking this hotel. It's definitely got a very hip/boutique hotel vibe to it.

They have soft lounge music playing in the lobbies, and the elevator has some neat sound effects that change depending on the time of day. The downstairs bar is a great place to grab coffee in the morning. 

The bathroom is nice and large with a very comfortable shower, I liked the bath products a lot as well. I wish the bathroom had a fan however. 

The room has a large full length mirror which is always a plus, and a nice flat screen with tons of channels. The beds are SUPER comfortable and you have a range of pillow choices.

The area immediately outside the hotel is a little shady at night, especially in front of City Hall. Not nearly as bad as North Philly however, and during the day its totally fine. We walked to the Museum of Art from the hotel since it is about a mile away and Philadelphia is a fun city to walk.

Valet Parking is outrageously expensive, $38 a night. My advice is park at the public garage between 15th and 16th streets just 2 blocks north of the hotel. It only cost us $5 a night on weekends. On weeknights its $18 a night. Can't beat that!

*EDIT* here is the address of the cheaper parking garage: 1540 Spring Street
Came here to kill time in between a wedding ceremony and wedding reception, it was very pretty, the wine was good, the pretzel bites were amazing but being in the front lobby was cold cause you got a freezing blast of cold air every time the door opened...its downtown philly so everything costs a pretty penny
Perfect location and such a knowledgable staff! Molly was exceptional and Mike at the bar was fantastic even when it got super busy he was still very attentive! Will stay again... The treadmills aren't the best for 2am runs but if you can wait I hear the fitness center next door is complimentary!
Nice hotel in the middle of center city...very accessible location. The room are clean and well kept. Great service.
This may be one of my favorite hotels of all time.
Thank you company that I work for, for putting me up in this fantastically decadent treat of a hotel even if for only one night.
If I had to spend my very own, hard earned money in Philly, it would be here.
It's modern and trendy and oh so fabulous. Yet fireplaces in all the main rooms warm it up and welcome you in.
The couches are fantastic - the lobby/bar itself is probably my favorite lobby in the world now.
The bartenders are beautiful men of all shades heights and what do you like, they have it. 
The rooms. Simply marvelous. Wonderful wallpaper and paint schemes. GRRRREAT beds. Best bathrooms ever.
Oh and location, location, LOCATION. Ya' hear me?
I just love it here. This was the first hotel I have ever been sad to leave. Truly sad.
while we didn't spend a whole lot of time in our room because we were so busy checking out all the city has to offer, when we had absolutely no energy left, we headed to le méridien philadelphia, 1421 arch street:: originally a ymca, the hotel is housed in a 10-story georgian revival structure.  the front side of the hotel has a view of jfk plaza (love park), while the back side looks out onto a brick enclosed atrium.  if you've got a room on the back side (which we did), the sunlight spills into the atrium and your room.

like others have said, the tv was a bit oddly placed in the room and couldn't be watched comfortably if you were trying to lounge in bed.

there was also kind of an odd smell about the place, at least on our floor (a little bit like sewer exhaust) -- not sure what that was, but it kind of turned us off.

all in all, it was okay.  great location, but as far as the hotel itself, it was nothing fancy or really special.

parking tip - there's a public parking lot a few blocks from the hotel that charges only $5/day on weekends, which is much less than the hotel's valet service (and they're just going to park your car there anyway).  when you come out the door of the hotel, take a right on arch, then make a right on 16th, then another right on spring.  the garage will be on your left.
If this were a $200 a night hotel it would have gotten 4 stars but this is close to $400 a night after taxes. I am Starwood Platinum and usually get an upgrade of some kind, but didn't and wasn't offered one. The bedrooms  are very small as is the bathroom. No tub, the shower has seen better days. I have stayed at Four Points that are nicer. The front stairs to get in the lobby are old and treacherous, but I must say that all of the bellmen were very nice. Also the lobby and bar area are very chic.
The hotel is conveniently located near the convention center, this would be the only reason to stay here. There are a lot of "characters" on the walk to the convention center although no one bothered me.
So, my recommendation is if you are going to Philly and are a die hard Starwood member like me stay at either one of the Sheratons Society Hill or near U Penn.
One of the better starwood properties, I have seen. Wow. Stayed here last night. Really cool hotel and brand new. Great service, cool decor, quiet, comfortable stylish.  I would stay here again and hope do so. 

Great staff, very focused on service. One of the best starwood properties around. A former YMCA building, interesting design and building.
 
Rooms: Large, Clean Quiet.

Lobby: Very cool, Stylish,

Food and Service: great.

I suggest this hotel for anyone heading to Philadelphia.
My experience here was a disaster. Booked a room a month ahead of time only to arrive the day of my stay and find out they overbooked and I needed to figure out where I was relocated. They passed the buck and took no responsibility for their mess up. They are stuck up pricks, you're better off staying at Mariott downtown.
$15 for Wi-Fi. However good the rate is, no hotel should be charging an additional fee for internet access in 2017. Just feels greedy.
I am now a fan of Le Meridien hotels! I usually stay at W hotels whenever I travel, but there are none in Philly, so I chose the Le Meridien. When we walked in, we immediately noticed how trendy, yet welcoming it was. The check in staff was friendly and got us to our room in a matter of seconds. We checked in at about 9:30pm and planned to stay in the room for the night, but decided to have a couple of drinks first since it seemed to have a good little crowd, but was still relaxed. When we got back downstairs, we ordered, and the bartender had a little convo with us, and told us about these drinks that he had been experimenting with and asked if we would like to try them. We did, and the were awesome. Now this is what I call customer service! Usually you have to pull teethe to get a bartender to recommend a drink! We met good people and our short trip to the bar turned into a 3 hr chill and drink time.

The rooms were very clean and nicely decorated. It is a pretty new hotel, so it should be, but hopefully it will stay this way. The only bad thing was the amount of time we had to wait for our car from valet. They told us to call down 15 minutes before we needed the car and when we called they told us it would be 25 minutes. We waited a while and went down expecting the car to be there, but it took another 15 minutes. The reason for the long wait is that it was check-out time and the valet guys have to retrieve the cars from 4 blocks away! That is just insane!
Chose to stay center city Philadelphia for our trip and Le Meridien  served its purpose. It's a nice posh hotel. The exposed indoor brick was cool looking down into common area. The rooms were  bright w/ views of the city. Not the most comfortable bed but still slept well. 
It seems weddings our def their thing and we saw 2 wedding parties during our one night stay. 
Decided to go downstairs to the bar for a nightcap and the bartender was fantastic. Charming, attentive, and polite. However management should really consider giving the guy help during wedding events. Next thing you know a wedding party arrives and the poor guys is bombarded w/ drink requests. So unfair! One bartender and fifty people surrounding the bar. He obliged every guest w/ diligence and patience even when a fight broke out amongst the guests! It just seemed like a very hectic situation and we felt uncomfortable just watching him have to juggle all the requests (like a pro might I add). But when a hotel has guests that feel bad even asking for drinks cuz they are overworking their employees they should really consider hiring coworkers!!!!!
Also they had some questionable characters on the corner of their street around 11pm. I can only describe as some ladies of the night types w/ their managers? HAHA. Or maybe thats just how people hang these days lol. But all in all nice hotel and convenient area
My boyfriend and I stayed at Le Meridien over 4th of July weekend.

The Pros:  The valet guy, Effe (or Jeffe?), was great.  He was always caught smiling, asking us how our day was, and gave us the run down on local whereabouts.  We enjoyed just seeing him and waving to him as we went in and out of the hotel.  The gym was decent (but kinda small at that), but they had built in TVs so you can still enjoy the Food Network even while working out.  

The Cons:  The rooms were pretty damn small.  The shower is just a shower....nothing special, no tub and could have probably been scrubbed.  The bed, very hard, even for my boyfriend who actually enjoys hard beds.  Wifi cost $10 a day.

Overall, I'd say Le Meridien is nice.  But it's kinda like that dude you're dating who you tell everyone is "nice," but that's all you can say to your girlfriends because really...you're just not that into him.  And, he tries SOO hard to please, but you can just tell he's trying a little too hard?  Yeah....that's Le Meridien.

Nice hotel, but you're probably better off with your money elsewhere (splurge a little, or cut back on the decor and spend less).
This place has an old charming feel to it. Service is good and the bar area is lovely. It's a good space for small group meetings as well. There is valet onsite which is so helpful when trying to park in the city and it's in walking distance of lots of great restaurants.
Located a stone's throw away from City Hall and a couple of blocks from Reading Terminal Market, this hip (read minimalistic decor) hotel is actually really nice. Disregard the homeless people around and the courthouse next door because once you enter this place it is cool. 

I loved the bed but the position of the tv was a bit off since you cannot lie in bed  and watch tv comfortably. Absolutely loved the citrus themed body lotion, shampoo and conditioner. 

The lobby bar is pretty neat and the bartenders are very friendly. Drinks menu has a bunch of classic cocktails with a twist to them (blood orange puree in an old-fashioned) but man they pack a punch.

Took a peek into the gym and it was small but well equipped. Other reviewers stated that room service is excellent but I never tried the food. 

At $200+tax per night, it was a little pricier than I would have liked but all in all a solid hotel. They even let us check out at 4pm since we had a party to attend and wanted to get ready here.
This hotel was....acceptable.
In comparison to other Starwood hotels in Philadelphia, it was on par. Less nice than the Westin, about the same as the Sheraton.
The staff were really friendly, loved the Illy coffee in the morning.
The room definitely could have been warmer, less drab, and cleaner.
We chose this hotel because it is dog friendly, which I do appreciate. We stayed twice in a week on both legs of a road trip to North Carolina. I was a little let down at the overwhelming amount of trash and homeless people in the immediate area. We come through Philly at least twice a year so i certainly expect to see that but it was particularly bad in the love park area. Since the nightly rate was over $250 I would have thought the rooms would be impeccable. They were not. There was mold on the inside part of the shower curtain which makes me fear it had not been changed in awhile. We paid for valet parking but they left our brand new car outside the hotel and never parked it. They did say it was because nobody could drive a standard, and I suppose it's better to not have a ruined clutch if that is the case. I just think we should not pay for valet parking if they never touched our car. 
The staff were friendly and responsive. If I could not find another pet friendly place I would go back but I don't recommend to someone just looking to visit the city.
Beautiful facade, but that's about it. I gave three stars only because there wasn't an option to give two-and-half. My husband and I stayed overnight this past weekend while he was on business. We rented a King Executive Room and were placed in an interior/Atrium (brick wall/window facing) room near the stairs and ice machine on the ninth floor, even though it didn't appear most rooms were occupied in that section. There was very little privacy because our bedroom windows overlooked the windows to other interior rooms. There were cameras pointed at most of the windows of the rooms over-looking the interior atrium. Despite us being placed in this undesirable and distant hallway, the hotel didn't appear busy.
The bar and restaurant were just about empty each time we passed through.
The hotel is touted as "boutique-like", but we found no promised robes, mini bar, working fridge. The heated light above the toilet was out and the bedroom lampshades hadn't been dusted in a while. The shower had signs of red and black mold in the tile cracks and shower door. The bathroom door, itself was on an odd half-track that didn't work well. It looked and felt very cheap.
There was no bath step out towel/mat, despite our asking for one. Neither did more than one washcloth appear, despite requests for same. Again, this hotel is described as "boutique-like" and "luxury", but doesn't even supply toiletries like cotton balls, an emery board, shower cap, or q-tips as standard. Indeed, when requested, all that was available was a shower cap.
Staff was friendly and helpful.
All in all, we wouldn't stay here again.
*HOTEL BLOCK FOR OUR WEDDING DAY*

We ran into a few glitches during the two-year planning process leading up to our big day but when our wedding weekend finally came, Le Meridien treated us like royalty! 

When we were originally brought on a tour of the newly renovated rooms, the staff member that brought us through told us the best floors to stay on and the best rooms to stay in so when we booked our hotel block, we requested those rooms and they obliged! 

We dropped off the gift bags for our guests the day before they were due to arrive. Our calligrapher addressed them for us because we had different things in different bags. We let the staff know and they gladly handed each guest their specific bag without any complaints.

In addition to doing a first look with my Dad, I wanted to do a first look with my bridesmaids as well. No one had seen my dress before our wedding day aside from my Mom. My wedding gown is GINORMOUS and could not be hidden in a closet so I spoke to a manager ahead of our wedding day to see if I could put it in the room my Dad would be staying in the following day this way no one would see it. They worked something out and on the day we arrived, a staff member assured me that he would be locking it in the manager's office. Think it's crazy that I let it out of my sight? Probably a little but I took the risk and it went off without a hitch! He helped hide it from my husband that was already there and everyone else that was soon to arrive the next day.

The rooms were clean, modern and comfortable. We were given the rooms we were promised and were put on separate floors. We both had a nice view of the city. There was plenty of space for hair and makeup to set up on the morning of our wedding. There's a wall that provides a nice, natural divide. There's plenty of light and the room photographs nicely.

As more people in our bridal party started to arrive the morning of our wedding, the staff helped to get all of them into their rooms early so they would be all set prior to leaving for the ceremony.

They provided clear signage to guide our guests to the trolley at the appropriate times to ensure they would arrive at our reception on time.

They made accommodations for my sister-in-law when she had a travel emergency trying to get to Philly from Texas. 

We received special rates because of the amount of rooms we booked which was nice.

They told us the bartenders get excited when they have wedding parties. The bartender didn't seem very excited but he wasn't about to mess up my wedding day vibes. lol.

They completely flipped the rooms on our wedding day once we left for the ceremony so they were brand new upon our return; my husband switched to my suite and my Mom went down to his.

The morning of our brunch, the Study was set up with flowers from our wedding reception which looked very nice. There were attendants keeping track of our guests. The food was delicious, they made sure everything stayed full and our guests enjoyed mingling. When the room began to overflow, they set up extra tables just outside of the Study.

Le Meridien has a cool, modern vibe with a gorgeous view of City Hall that perfectly suits my husband and I and it was the PERFECT choice of hotels for our room block!

Everything was seamless as we checked out. They gave us a little bit later of a checkout time. The staff was extremely kind to my husband, my Mom and I. They chatted with us about the wedding and they helped us load everything into our cars when it was time for our departure. 

The staff truly went above and beyond to ensure that our wedding weekend was perfect and we can not thank them enough.
We were planning a trip to Philly and wanted to be in the center of everything. We knew nothing about Philadelphia so we heavily relied on reviews of locations of hotels. We picked this one out of three other choices just because it looked more well kept than others. 

Parking at the hotel was extremely expensive, something like 50$ a day. No way were we doing that. We found alternative parking like 2 blocks away for much less. The 2 block walk to the hotel was nice because of the historic buildings around the hotel. The hotel's building itself is pretty historic and nice to look at. When we got inside, it was modern and classy with a touch of olden age. The help desk was pleasant, helped us with our rooms and got us check in quickly. There was even a desk for help with "things to do" around the area which I thought was a clever and cute idea, useful for people that was not familiar with the area like us! 

Our room was small, smaller than we expected but very nice and clean. We have a thing for big, clean bathrooms and we got a huge, clean bathroom. The bathroom door was a little odd though, it was not your average bathroom door. It was a big thick sliding door that didn't seem to have a lock. Weird! 
We were running a little late on check out however they extended the time by about 2 hours! Very generous. 

The surrounding area was what sold this place. There were tons of near by places, beautiful buildings! Lots of areas to explore. Some were walking distances, others were a short ride away. From day drinking, eating and just hanging out and night life, it was all in the vicinity, which is what we were looking for. 

All in all, it was a good stay (except the expensive parking) I would come back!
The lobby of the hotel has a nice flow.  I like how it draws you to the bar.  And the concierge was very helpful in helping us pick a restaurant for the evening.

While there, we wanted a few drinks.  But there wasn't any space at the bar.  So we had to order from the lobby.  A waitress did come over to take our orders.  But this was only after we just walk over to the bar to place them.  And when the order was filled, we again had to walk over to the bar to get the drinks.  But the waitress did stop by afterwards to make sure we had what we needed.  While I realize it would have been a better experience if there was room at the bar, it should have been easier to order drinks from the lobby.
The hotel is under renovation right now. Bought a Groupon and didn't know about the renovation when we bought. Ok, that's possibly the fault of Groupon ... They get a pass for that. 

But for a four star hotel, the service was way below what would be expected. The mini bar wasn't even cleaned when we got to the room. It's like they didn't open the huge armoire that held the mini bar when they cleaned up before us.

I was going to complain, but the front desk was so busy I didn't want to take the time out of our evening.

Honestly, it was enough to lower my opinion of their service, but the price of the room was low enough to make me forget it.

I think I'd come back after renovations to check it out. Maybe their service will improve after they are done. But for now, skip this hotel until renovations are done. There's no captain on board.
I do not in any way whatsoever recommend anyone to stay at this location, at least until they figure out some sort of service standards and/or service recovery.
The location is quite optimal for those wanting to enjoy walking and sightseeing in the City Hall area. It is positioned close to the convention center and probably made a perfect choice for guests attending main events there, but . . . since all convention business has totally dried up, they now rely on their hotel being the destination and making sure the level of service makes the desired impression for guests to enjoy themselves, return, and tell others about their satisfaction. That is where this Le Meridien is extremely lacking in a big way - bordering on Pathetic.
Online advance check-in told me "You're All Set" for a specific time. The front desk seemed to have a challenge even finding me in the system and then with no apology advised the stated time for arrival was hours later. For a little over an hour there was an individual who'd taken residence in the restroom located behind the bar for washing some of his clothing in the sink. The door was unlocked, but I quickly exited after opening it. I counted a total of 15 guests who did the same thing I'd done. I know for a fact the front desk was informed of this situation, but nothing was done to remedy it.
I returned at the official time, and there was seemingly another challenge quickly finding my reservation. I have online confirmation, print confirmation, and my card has already been pre-charged. Again, no apologies.
The sticker/seal on the room door indicating all was Clean was a nice touch, and appreciated. My fifth floor room assignment had a direct view of several tents and blankets of those sleeping immediately across the street. After an early flight and some walking around the city, I decided I'd get some rest before additional evening activities. As soon as you recline on the bed, you find yourself starting a slow roll toward the center, making it an easy question of how old are those mattresses.
The bathroom toiletries are very nice, but it was odd to have no washcloths. None. Zero. I carry one with me when traveling, so I made do for arrival day. As others have already mentioned, the rooms are not very protected to sounds from the hallway and exterior traffic. A previous guest had adjusted the TV settings to be used as a screen for their laptop or mobile device, creating an initial challenge with checking standard broadcasts. A visit to the manufacturer's web site solved that. Also, the wifi/internet access here is met with numerous error messages and warnings about security certificates. A few guests in the lobby were overheard having the same challenge.
Early the next morning, I went to the front desk and requested they provide one single solitary washcloth to my room by 1:00pm (giving them five hours of the room being vacant and following their stated safety protocols). Not too surprisingly, there was nothing delivered. As I was completing check-out I asked if they still showed my request being made earlier. With no apology, I was simply asked if I'd like them to send another request to housekeeping. I was checking out. There was no 'Thank you for your stay' or anything as I exited. At no time did I feel valued as a guest at this location. They provided the level of service they chose, and I provide the level of honest review that I choose. That's how it works.
Stayed here for a quick anniversary getaway! Very clean, comfortable bed! We got a free upgrade to a suite, which was very nice! Make sure to check Hotels.com for a great price! Check in and check out was also good and easy! The room was spacious and modern, however a bit too dark.. even with the lamps it was not enough light. Our room also faced a weird balcony that didn't let us see out the window much..Columns were obstructing the view and it didn't let some sunlight in. 
One of the things I did not like was lack of a good late night menu! We order d a grilled chicken sandwich from what they called "late night menu", it was honestly disgusting.. they microwaved the sandwich with the tomato and lettuce in it. So everything was soggy and impossible to eat. If the kitchen is actually closed I would recommend proving a menu of items that don't involve microwave. 
Pros: great location, comfort, price, ambiance, friendly staff, great breakfast and brunch! 
Cons: expensive parking (we used spothero with a local garage), lack of a good late night menu, lack of a phone next to bed ( in a suite we had it in the main room).
So rarely have a positive review at a hotel but the front desk was fast and to the point.  And made a gorgeous hotel worth it.
I read some of these reviews and have to wonder what people expect. You get what you pay for folks. To me, this place is worth the money spent to stay here. It's in downtown Philly people, there are night walkers and homeless people around the area, which will be the case no matter where you stay around here. The hotel itself is nice and clean. The staff were good and friendly. I particularly liked the location of this hotel during the Christmas market, which is across the street. The city hall tress is within three minutes walk and the Macy's is a five minute walk. 

The reasons I'm only giving three stars is because when I arrived with my family around midnight, it took near twenty minutes for a valet to accept my car. We reserved the room for the four of us and when getting ready in the morning noticed there were only two towels and it took staff thirty minutes to bring them up, which caused us to be late to an event. The beds are firm just FYI. Some like it, others don't. 

All in all, I'd come back.
Nice place , very stylish. Rooms are real small and our shower was dirty but it was comfy and the staff was super nice and accommodating. I'd return from sure.
Wow! The first time I visit Philly and I stay at this amazing hotel located downtown center.
Extremely friendly staff and dynamite service with check in and check out, this hotel is a must if you are staying in Philly.
I was able to walk to all the great local sites and markets fro the hotel and staff was very helpful with directions!
Love this hotel.
The Le Meridien Philadelphia definitely tops the list of hotels with the best customer service. Staff were super friendly and helpful. Right when you walk in, there is always someone there to greet you in a friendly manner, help with luggage, assist with transportation, and open the doors. At the check-in desk, staff were polite and accommodated our late check out request. As we departed, staff offered water bottles for the road too!

The hotel itself is very trendy with a modern feel. The rooms were a bit on the small side, but very clean and the bedding was comfortable. I do wish that the bathrooms had a bathtub. At first glance, the shower tile looked rusty, but then I realized that the bathroom was actually very clean and that the tile material was just not the best choice. 

I really enjoyed my stay here at the Le Meridien Philadelphia. Clean, comfortable, and excellent service!
Very comfy and great location right in the center of center city. Trying so hard to be a hip lobby location but you're right in the midst of convention city so not gonna happen. But the building is cool, esp the atrium.
It's a nice, decent hotel located in a convenient location. It's right behind city hall and like 10 min walk from Chinatown or 20 min walk from 30th street station. The hotel doesn't feel that old even though you know it's probably been there for awhile. I think I am just used to the heavenly beds of the westin. Don't get me wrong, this bed is pretty comfortable but it is no heavenly bed.  There's no lounge for platinum members either. There's a bar and restaurant downstairs.  

Expensive? probably
Clean? yes
Would I stay here again? probably not, I think the latham and sofitel are better
Loved it. Location, service, amenities, and not to mention the bed! We came the day of the Philadelphia marathon and apparently alot of the runners stayed here as well, so an early check in wasn't really going to happen but they made it as easy as they could on us. The staff was nice, very helpful and hella attractive.

Late night room service was the best.

Whenever i'm in Philly, i'll be at Le Meridien.
Since I spent only 2 hours in the room the manager's response is as follows, NOT acceptable!

"I don't feel a refund is necessary in this instance. Like I had mentioned, you spent a good deal of the evening in the room. 

This wasn't necessarily a service issue as much as your personal opinion of the hotel. Your choice was to leave in the middle of the night. You were not forced out of your room due to a mechanical or service issue. 

With that being said, you booked a non-refundable reservation. I am not inclined to offer any compensation at this point."

AVOID this "hotel" at ALL costs!
My good friend wanted to celebrate his birthday in Philadelphia over Memorial Day weekend, so we decided to splurge in two rooms at the Meridien.  We reserved two rooms with two double beds for our party of eight, but were extremely disappointed to receive two rooms each with a king bed.  The hotel staff informed us that the hotel was completely booked and could only provide each room with an extra rollaway bed.  Because we had paid up-front, we had little recourse but to accept the circumstances.  

As a result, we endured an absurd and unacceptable sleeping situation: in each room, three acquaintances (whose only connection was the birthday person) slept on the king bed, while the fourth person slept on a rather uncomfortable rollaway bed with a scratchy, tattered acrylic blanket.  

We were further disappointed by uncleanliness of the rooms and the unprofessional staff.  We were shocked by the dirty state of one of our rooms upon arrival (there were used tissues lining the dresser) and flabbergasted by the hotel staff waking us up early in the morning to ask us what time we planned to check out.

To add insult to injury, the SPG (which owns the Meridien chain of hotels) was callous and unhelpful when I voiced my concerns to customer service.  Not only would my very cordial but descriptive letter be "filed" away never to be seen again, customer service rudely informed me that the Meridien cannot guarantee the type of room to its customers.  While the latter fact may be true, it is incomprehensible that the Meridien's staff expected three adults to share the same bed.  Moreover, customer service failed to address the fact that my friend's birthday weekend was completely ruined by our unsatisfactory (and pricey) experience at the Meridien.  

Our weekend at the Meridien was not at all what we expected from a reputable 5-star hotel nor the reason we chose to splurge on one instead of going to the equally convenient but much cheaper Holiday Inn Express, a five-minute walk away from Le Meridien Philadelphia.  I'd highly recommend any potential Meridien guests to try the Ritz-Carlton, the Hyatt, or the Marriott--all within blocks of The Meridien--instead.

---

Update: 
Shortly after the initial review was published, the general manager of the hotel contacted me directly.  He was genuinely apologetic and attentive, and he took the time to figure out what had gone wrong.  It turned out that the third party vendor we had used to book the reservation did not sync to the Meridien's reservation system correctly.  To make amends, the GM offered up to two complimentary one-night stays at the Meridien.  I am very pleased with the final outcome of my visit.
Nice hotel and great customer service. I would just warn to NOT order the room service. It was a top 10 worst meal I have ever eaten. Besides that the location is great, the rooms are clean and the amenities are nice.
PROS: 
- Excellent location! Within walking distance to just about everything. 
- The bed is an earthly form of heaven.
- Awesome decor, both in the room and throughout the hotel.
- Complimentary bathrobe (well, not complimentary for forever, but for your stay).
- Big TV in the room, right across from the super comfortable bed. 
- I ordered room service and ate in one of the restaurants during our stay, and both times the food was really, really delicious.
- For every day that you choose not to receive housekeeping services, you receive a card worth $10 in any of the hotel restaurants/bars OR 500 Starwoods points, if you are a Starwoods member. 

CONS: 
- With a few exceptions, the staff were not very friendly or helpful. 
- We did not get housekeeping services our entire stay, and we had to go down to the front desk and request our $10 card on two separate occasions because it was somehow being overlooked. 
- I wasn't impressed with the TV channel options in the room. After running 26 miles, all I wanted to do for the rest of the day was lay in the super comfortable bed, in the complimentary bathrobe, and watch TV. It was an "HD" TV, but not all of the channels were HD, which ended up making the picture look really weird for a lot of the channels. No HBO, no Showtime (or at least not without paying for it, I guess). 
- Charging $10/day per computer for internet. Really? I feel like this would have been acceptable 10 years ago, but the internet is so ubiquitous now, and so necessary for most people to do things like look up directions, or Yelp reviews or, in my case, watch my dog while he's at doggy daycare, that it seems really ridiculous to charge for this. I bet if you asked most people if they'd rather have complimentary internet or a complimentary coffee maker in their room, they'd choose internet. 

At the very least, the $10 card you can get for opting out of housekeeping services should be able to be put towards internet as well as the restaurant or bar. 

Overall, though, I would stay here again, if for no other reasons than the bed and the location.
Stayed here last night 31st-1st. Our room was nice, clean and bed was comfortable. The lobby area is small, but trendy. We stopped at the bar before going out last night and had a drink and small plates. The bartenders were friendly and the food was better than I expected. I would definitely go back here and stay.
Horrible customer service. If I could put no stars I would! They took $125 from me weeks ago. I have emailed corporate and spoken to Rhea and the accountant from the hotel multiple times and I still have not received my money back! They have taken my information multiple times and claim they are going to get back to me and I have heard nothing! It's not just the money it's the principle that they have not reached out to contact me or anything. This is disgusting customer service!!!
The maid service was not the best, and there was no pool or spa. As an average hotel it was fine, but for the cost of it, it was not worth it. I would recommend this  for it's closeness to the Philadelphia Convention Center, but that is it. Not a bad hotel, but also not worth the price.
This hotel was simply phenomenal, it was clean the staff was professional and it's centrally located. 

This will be my hotel of choice for all future stays in philly. The rooms were a bit small but very clean with a comfy bed and a great sized clean bathroom. There a restaurant and bar in the lobby that has a nice decor. 

This hotel is centrally located and walking distance to a few attractions in the downtown area.
Awesome! Found a sweet deal on expedia, beautiful architecture in this building.. It's unreal. Super modern, great environment.. Location is near china town which is really fun! I would certainly recommend it
Everything was great up until I checked out and forgot money in a particular area! asked the housekeeping to retrieve it and give it back to me, and I would reward them with over a hundred $100! Unfortunately the cash was not returned and supposedly never found! Ultimately,  now I see housekeeping is definitely not trustworthy at this hotel!!!! Hard lesson to learn but believe me its learned!!!
Went here for a private party in one of the side rooms with a gorgeous view of city hall.  The space itself was beautiful but the hoursdevours that they had out left a lot to be desired. There was a giant vegetable tray but the only dip that they had out was mustard??  And there was guacamole but no chips - only pita.  There were some passed hot appetizers but in a three hour time frame we were only offered three items. Two tuna tartars and one feta stuffed mushroom.
Wow, this was quite the pleasant surprise!  Comfortable bed, huge bathroom and the staff was actually extremely pleasant!  Great location too.  I would have easily rated 5 stars, but no free internet?  Why is it that any $60.00 a night hotel along the interstate has free high speed these days, but when you spring for a nice hotel they want extra?  Before I got used to relying on Yelp I wouldn't have minded, but now I need my internet!  Yelp really needs to institute half stars, Le Meridien Philadelphis deserves 4 1/2 even without the free internet.
Suck one of the cleaners stole my 300 dollar beats wireless headphones and office was very unhelpful and rude
Hotwire gave us this hotel as an option and we picked it, getting a room on the top floor for about $130 a night. I wasn't sure what to expect. But we were in town for the U2 concert and I had no plans to drive home that night, so it really didn't matter much.

I have to say this is a very cool hotel, great service, and good location. I loved the bar right as we walked in the door. Fabulous contemporary interior design. Small but perfect rooms, and a nice bed.

Only cons: there's no drive up spot so it can be a hassle to load/unload and parking is expensive at $38 a night.

Highly recommended!
As a loyal SPG member, I was looking forward to my first stay at a Le Meridien, eager to see how it differed from the rest of their family of great hotels. Upon entry it appears to be a subtler version of a W. it shares the contemporary furniture and decor, but withholds the loud music usually pumped into the lobby of a W. The contemporary feel extends into the rooms with eclectic art and finishes throughout. There's nothing particularly special about the room - has their version of the famed "Heavenly Bed," high end toiletries, ample storage space, safe, etc. The shower was a bit odd to fine tune the temp. Otherwise I have no issues with the rooms as at all. 

One potential issue for some guests is the entrance and its lack of being handicap friendly. You have to ascend two small stairways with no apparent elevator or ramp to help. There were doormen to assist, but I imagine their better at handling bags compared to wheelchairs or people with crutches. 

This particular site is located in the center of PHL (near Market and 12) and is incredibly convenient to a host of popular spots to see. The workout center is adequate with both aerobic options and dumbbells. There's a gym around the corner if you need something more intense.
The hotel is fine.  It's got all the basics but nothing particularly special about this hotel vs other Starwood hotel.  I checked in at night (around 10pm) and there was only one concierge.  She was on the phone and did not acknowledge me.  I had to wait there for a good 10-15 minutes until she got off.  She didn't apologize and it was the coldest, rudest check in Ive ever had at any hotel (and I travel a lot).  When I was checking out, I had the same issue.  There was only one concierge.  The person in front of me asked to get change for a $20 and the concierge disappeared to find change even though there was a line.  I got fed up and tried to look for her and saw she was taking her sweet old time getting back.  There is no sense of urgency or customer service here.  I will not stay here again.
This place is a true example of "As good as it gets"!!! After traveling for work all the time, it takes a a little more to impress and make the stay this wonderfully comfortable! 

From the cab pulling in, to check-in, to room service - every staff member was super nice and friendly and absolutely unpretentious! 

The lobby + bar were very cool and a unique combination of classic yet sexy (St Regis meets W). I also personally was enamored by the framed key card collection from various Le Meridien hotels (I collect key cards). 

The room was absolutely comfortable and from the living room to the bed room to the bathroom, each and every thing part of the room was super enjoyable! I checked in around midnight and was checking out at 7am, but stayed up just taking in and enjoying the comforts, creativity and character of the hotel and the room! 

Highly highly recommended to stay at when visiting Philly. One thing I personally didn't get to benefit from, but worth noting is the great location!
This was a five star hotel all the way! From the friendly staff holding the door, to the front desk ladies, to the very clean and spacious rooms, to the awesome interior layout and design. This was everything you need for a downtown motel and much much more. I would highly recommend this hotel for a short or long stay.
The hotel was in a good location and the interior design was nice, the room was nicely appointed.  I did not find the room particularly clean -- it seemed like someone needed to take a toothbrush to the shower as there were spots of mold or something darker.  Most remarkably, I found the staff indifferent.  We had to ask to check into our room three times. We arrived at 1 and the room was no ready, so we left and went to lunch.  We came back at 3:30 and were asked to wait a few minutes, but then (after 25) apparently they forgot about us and we had to ask again when it was another 5-10 minutes for them trying to figure out where we were supposed to go.  And there was not any acknowledgement or  heartfelt apology for the inconvenience of our hanging around their lobby for 30 minutes.
I was happy to find, after a long search for an affordable parking spot and a long waiting time at the checkin that allowed me to appreciate the well-designed lobby (including the bar), that this hotel has one of the best showers I have ever encountered in my life. I have been to a lot of hotels and must have had thousands of showers in my life, but this shower really hit the spot. The shower has the potential to reach very high temperatures and has high power with an exquisite water pressure, which cured me of an upcoming cold and provided an excellent basis for a succesful night out (for which the magical wave in my hair that was created by the best shower I ever had was really instrumental). As a bonus, my one hour+ shower and the excessive amount of steam it created also got rid of the dry air in the hotel room that was exacarbating my cold. Five stars.
My boyfriend and I stayed here for one night. Decor was beautiful, the bathroom and bedroom were great! I was very sad that wifi was not free. I had a work emergency, and was running around like a chicken with my head cut off, trying to figure out the wifi situation, and then find where the computers were located. I got my work done, but it wasn't a very smooth situation. Free wifi please! Also, when I tried to call the front desk from the room to inquire about the wifi, the phone in the room was broken. Everything else was gorgeous, would stay here again, as long as I didn't have to get any work done!
