I'm not a gambler and casinos aren't my thing. I was here to meet up with Philadelphia Yelper Leah H. https://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=WzhoLpHMXI59ETuQ2sRVeQ and we had a reasonable meal at their Stadium Sports Bar https://www.yelp.com/biz/stadium-sports-bar-and-restaurant-philadelphia?hrid=9SZILW8jX5wLbBv_9aeY4A.

Several things that make this a good spot.
- Lots of food options
- FREE parking
- Very close to the Interstate
- Security and COVID protocols

And just one thing that make it less than ideal.
- Super loud in the restaurant and the gaming floor

 As casinos go, I think it's the way they're supposed to go with noise and space and blinking lights. As places I would like to return to, it's unlikely.

[Review 15345 overall, 847 of 2021, number 563 in Pennsylvania.]
I stopped in on a slow Wednesday evening, so this was pretty much just a walk through for me while losing a couple bucks.
This casino is pretty nice. The ladies at the promotions desk were very helpful. There were staff members constantly cleaning every seat and machine in the building. The restaurants seemed pretty nice. And the restrooms were easy to spot and very clean, although the entrances could be confusing to someone in a rush and not paying any attention. 
Overall, I can see this casino being a great place to enjoy the evening after a game, concert, or after work.
Do not come to this casino! I was invited to an early preview on Saturday and I was excited, but honestly I was there an hour and lost $800. The slot machines are super tight and it sucks the fun out of it. Not ONE bonus after playing $800, plus it was so hot in the casino my sister and I felt like we were going to hit the ground. NEVER again.

I know gambling is a risk but I've never in my life encountered slot machines this tight, it didn't even allow you to play. My sister lost $400 in less than an hour also. Not one bonus, literally NOTHING. I don't mind losing money if the games let you play a round or so but it was criminal how tight the machines are which is very unfair.

I am a top tier player at every other casino and was so excited to come here but this will my first and final visit. It's their lose for being so greedy.
It could be the COVID experience but no! My thoughts are shared on various social media platforms and smaller communication outlets or methods. The first thing that sticks out is; Live! does not match your status equally to other casino cards. Other casinos match top tier statutes at the same level. Also if there are host for 'high rollers' the were difficult to find. I'm friends with 2 such people. The nights dedicated to The Prime Rib soft opening or 'special event' did not appear in the least bit diverse. 

The decor is classic casino nothing noteworthy. I will say it's laid out nicely, it would be difficult to get 'lost'.  The standard various game choices are available along with sports betting. You will find several places to eat all with accurate corresponding prices points so, something for everyone. 

Live! offers are lackluster and cheesy for lower tier players, rooms are offered for high rollers. Nothing inspiring for me to return.
Currently open for "preview" prior to grand opening on February 11th 2021. As it sits right now, you make a timed reservation online, and upon arrival your temperature is taken, and you're allowed to mill about the casino floor while of course wearing a mask. Plastic partitions can be found between each slot machine, as well as between the dealer and other players at table games. No cocktail waitresses were walking around, because no eating or drinking is allowed on the floor due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Overall a nice, and shiney new casino, but they need to do something about the crowds that formed near the area where you can sign up to be a rewards card member. Literally the line was out the door, no social distancing was being enforced, it was insane. I had really wanted to sign up, but the idea made me so nervous that we actually ended up leaving. I'll sign up online if they can't figure out how to do it safely in person. 

Overall I'm sure this will be a nice addition to the Stadiums area in South Philly, but they've gotta figure out how to better take care of crowds near the Rewards Members area. We're almost a year into this, figure that crap out before you legitimately open.
Ridiculously crazy rules!!! 
Can't get a cash advance at the cashier window or ATM 
you have to leave the casino floor go to a machine that charges 28.00 then stand in line again to get back into the casino then go and stand online at the cashier window where where there is only 2 people working to get money. Just go to Parx don't waste your time or money here
Came here with some friends on Sunday - I drove separately and their garage was convenient and easy to navigate. I took the elevators straight down to the casino. There are multiple entrances, my friends came from another one. Parking is free on non game days so just fyi. I think it's $40 otherwise since it's so close to the stadiums. 

It's really nice on the inside but not many tables per game, maybe it's cause we came on a Sunday? There were only 2 roulette tables that I saw. We played here - the buy in is $25 which I thought was a little pricey. Luckily I broke even which was my hint to stop playing.  I didn't see a waitress come by to the tables with drinks which was disappointing. I might be back if I was in the area but I'm more of a Parx girl
I do not recommend this casino, whatsoever. Maryland Live Casino is my absolute favorite casino, so I figured Philly should be similar. I was wrong. The parking garage was a disaster. It doesn't tell you how many parking spots are open, nor does it have the green lights above the spots, to make it easier to find parking, like MD live. Garage is very small, and I couldn't see any signs directing me where to enter. 

The casino itself, is so confined, if you're over 300 lbs, or extremely clostrophobic,  just don't even bother.. you will not be able to walk through and look at some slots. 

If you want to smoke a cigarette, you have to leave through the entrance, and when you want come back in, you have to wait in the very long line, and get your ID checked again.  MD Live has smoking patios at each end of the poker room, and also a designated room where you can play slots, smoke, and breathe the fresh air outside, because it has an awning along the back wall. 

As I'm trying to leave, I see a huge line of people at the entrance. As I kindly excuse myself through all these people, I get to the elevator and realize that  the line of people at the door, are actually waiting for the elevator to leave. Okay, no problem, so I asked an employee if there were stairs I could take.. NOPE. No stairs.  

I saw no waitresses walking around, while playing poker for hours, and we aren't allowed to drink anything in the poker room. Not even water. 

I am beyond pissed and sober, and I know for a fact that I will NEVER EVER EVER EVER be back. Not even if they told me I was definitely going to hit a jackpot. Its just not worth it. 

I would definitely recommend Parx casino, or Rivers Casino. MUCH more accommodating.
We walked over after  the Phillies game one night. It was kind of a pain to get to get to. I was looking for some bar lounge that had a band  I saw in photos of someone else who went. Maybe it's only on certain nights. 

Drinks were very expensive and watered down. It took awhile to get a drink too. 

They didn't have some of the machines they usually have at other casinos, like jackpot party. They didn't have many of the theme ones actually. And the ones that they did gave people wouldn't leave. I wanted to play a wizard of Oz game but the people were sitting on there for an hour so I couldn't get on it. The machines I did play I didn't win anything on, the payouts here don't seem to be that great. 

I would skip this one unless you're really bored and trying to kill time before a game
So far so good the casino is very clean and beautiful they have plenty of food to choose from when they all open. The sushi was really good. It's in a great location. They did a good job with trying to comply with COVID-19 protocol. I recommend bring antibacterial wipes to wipe down the touch screens. Hopefully one day I leave there a winner.
Hi there,  I visited the casino this past Saturday with my elderly mother and Godmother.  I was absolutely appalled at the fact of being charged $25 to park in the parking lot because we happen to be there the same time as a Phillies game!  Then to be told I can get that money back the NEXT time I go there that the PHillies are playing!!!    To top it off......My mom says, let's go get a rewards card.. that the first time you visit a casino , they ususally throw $20-25 on there to play with.   We get the card, have to spin a wheel on a screen, and are handed a souvenir token!  Are you kidding me??  I am totally disappointed with a casino I waited in anticipation to go to, and ended up having a aggravated visit.
Customer service was terrible. Michael Sulley treated us poorly. He also seemed to be high when attempting to check us in. Unsure how management hasn't noticed this. So many other hotels that will get our business. Beware.
Not bad at all.

I was excited to check this place out.  It looks pretty nice.  In comparison to the other three local casinos(Parx, Rivers & Harrah's), it fits right in.  The facility seems safe and the staff friendly.  

I can't wait to go back.  Also, there is parking in the garage, and across the street.  

I do dread idea of going during sporting events, as the casino is next door to Citizens Bank Park, the Linc and the Wells Fargo Center.
I was lucky enough to experience the property one of the first days it was open.  I stayed for 4 nights and had a great experience overall.  The room I stayed in was beautiful and very modern.  The towels were soooo fluffy and the bed was very comfortable.  I wish I could have taken it home.  The WiFi was very fast (Free) and allowed me to work easily from my room throughout the day comfortably.  With large windows and natural light, the Fitness Center (open 24hrs) was very well equipped and offered both machines and free weights that you'd find in any high quality gym.  Food options were plentiful on property.  I ate at Sports & Social and Luk Fu.  Both provided great service and food quality.  The Casino had that "new car" smell and offered up both table and slot machines as far as the eye could see.  I hope to be back in a few months to enjoy your hospitality again.
Clean, smoke free,great lighting and friendly staff! Rooms are beautiful, restaurants are amazing.
