Nice casino.
They let you win, but do not try to win a lot or you will be walking out shaking your head.
They run some promotions to try and give back time to time. 
The place is very clean and there is no smoking. Which is a good thing for people like me that do not smoke. A nice numbers of live tables and some slot poker games as well. 
Have not been to any restaurants within the building. But will soon. 

Definitely will be back.
This casino is a short walk away from Citizens Bank Park. I stopped in after a Phillies game to kill a little time before calling an Uber to take me back to my hotel. 

My first stop was the restroom, which was clean and nice. Definitely no issues there. I then walked around a bit. Lots of table games and slot choices. I noticed that most of the slots are the same as in Vegas. 

I went to a circular bar in the center of the casino to have a drink while I waited and watch the end of the Tampa Bay/Dallas NFL game on the TV. There were 4 bartenders working, and yet it still took 40 minutes for one of them to take my drink order. Yes, you read that right ... 40 MINUTES!!!!! Yes, it was busy. The Phillies game had just let out and the first game of the NFL season was on, but it wasn't that bad that I should sit there that long. All 4 bartenders walked by me several times, and even though I held my hand up to get their attention, they just walked by pretending not to see me. I even noticed at times one of them just standing there doing nothing for minutes. When I finally did get my beer, I didn't even want it anymore. 

When I left, I asked a security guard where to pick up an Uber, and he directed me to the Valet parking area. A few other people were waiting for rides as well. At least that area was well organized and went smooth. 

Pretty nice place - just avoid the bar in the center.
Live casino has a great atmosphere but super mismanaged. 90% of time they do not have enough dealers to open multiple pits and popular games like Criss Cross which they have 4 tables are never opened. When I ask any Pitt boss, the answer is always the same. We don't have enough staff. I understand Covid but this is just poor management.
Live! Philadelphia casino & hotel on 10th & Packer Ave. ( South Philly) SAME hotel & casino as the Maryland Live! in Anne Arundel County. Friendly staff.  Plenty of machines.  New slot machines that I have never since at Maryland Live! nor Mgm National Harbor casino
Not ready for Primetime ...no liquor on the floor allowed...room nice and clean ...coffee maker broken was fixed immediately...security staff a little too into there jobs with arbitrary rules on bringing non alcoholic drinks on too the floor ...you cannot get to food court without going through security last day I had a Mountain Dew they refused entrance onto casino floor thus the food court...that's ok ..lots of better options at other casinos ...place was empty acted like they were doing you a favor
The hotel is nice because it's new so 5 stars to that. The service is so bad, like no service at all. I called front desk last night for a box of tissue, a lady said: sure, someone will deliver to the room in few minutes. Then we never got  it, no one cares about customer needs. The room air conditioning was not working well. It was still on even tho I turned it off. Cold air still came out so now I am having a COLD. Last thing was the view, there's no good view outside of my room even though it's high floor. (16 floors, the penthouse) It's just the huge parking lot outside of the window lol.
