We booked a random weekend since we wanted to get out the city , deciding factor for this hotel was location , price & the pool being available. 
Once checked in we settled into our room #720 nicely , great bed & very nice toiletries to use. 
The hotel has a nice lobby bar that's open till 2am which came in handy our weekend since all the restaurants near by close 10-11pm.
The pool provided great relief during our time since it was nice to relax & spend time in. We got a late check out which was easy to obtain, staff was nice & attentive. 
Pool area was perfect To kill some time they have ladies & men locker rooms available which we used to wash up before leaving, nice area , clean , great toiletries to use.  
My only complaint here is outside the hotel the city area is not very pleasant there is a lot of closed businesses in the area which makes walking around a bit unpleasant. 
Aside from the outside city area , our stay at the hotel was enjoyable.
Nothing but good things to say here.

We got a great rate via Priceline, the bed was comfortable, and the towels were huge and fluffy. No problems.

Also, I forgot toothpaste, so I called the front desk. They answered "Hello Mr. Peter!" I love that. They sent it up right away, along with a little bottle of Scope and a mini-toothbrush.

And I think we must have stumbled on some sort of convention, because they were giving out sandwiches downstairs. I skipped those because I had to go get myself a cheesesteak, but I did grab some hot chocolate, complete with white chocolate shavings, mini-marshmallows, cinnamon and whipped cream. Fantastic.
This hotel would be perfect in Berlin, along with all the BDSM hotels. That is how the lighting makes you feel. I was expecting my room to be a dungeon. Thank God, it wasn't.

Stayed here for 4 nights for a conference. There are only three things I look for in a hotel: clean room, comfortable bed, and a clean bathroom. This hotel has all three. Score! 

In that case I should give it 5 stars, correct? 

The lighting, man. The lighting. What is up with it? I didn't want to sit through any conference sessions. I just wanted to take my clothes off, put on a leather harness, and get a manslave. I kept looking for a sling or two in one of the conference rooms (and the lobby), but there were none. That may be a good thing if I was attending a leather convention, but I was there to talk about public health.

Prompt service, great location, excellent happy hour in the restaurant downstairs, but the lighting needs to be changed. It totally makes you feel like you are in a dungeon.

On a related note, the organizers of International Man of Leather (IML) may want to consider this hotel for their next convention.
Summary: great location, great service, incredibly comfortable clean rooms. First rate.
We stayed here for two nights when we were in town to work the election. Got a good deal through TripAdvisor using Booking.com . When we arrived, we were told that the hotel upgraded our room. Turns out to be a large room with huge king bed on the 18th floor with a corner view. Spectacular! Everything was clean, modern and lovely, and the sheets and comforters and pillows were incredibly comfortable. Room was very quiet we heard only the slightest noise from the binging of the elevator and the slamming of doors by our neighbors.
Parking was easy, if a bit pricey, but worth the convenience. Great service on check-in from valet parking to assistance with luggage to checkin to assistance with luggage to our room. Concierge was extremely helpful arranging for a dinner reservation at short notice. 
We did not use the bar which looked great, particularly if you are a Bourbon lover. 
Lobby area is stunning, with renovated marble and a safe from its former incarnation as a bank. 
Perfect location, a block from Reading Terminal Market and access to all the attractions of center city Philadelphia.
After five days of living large in one of the nicest hotels in Philly, I have little that I can complain about.  Let me count the ways I love this hotel:

1.  The Loews is in a frickin' historical landmark!  Once the home to the Philly Savings Fund Bank, the Loews happens to be housed in the first international style skyscraper in the USA.  Everything from the exterior details to the gilded elevators makes me feel like I'm hotelin' in style.

2.  Beautiful rooms and views.  My corner room on the 23rd floor gave me a sweeping southern view of Center City and an eastern vista of the Delaware River.  (I forgot how pretty and stark the city can be in the winter.)  The room might've been small, but the bed was comfy, and the room had a flat-panel tv.  Oh -- and the bathroom was gorgeous.  Love the walk-in shower with the freebie bamboo/lemongrass-scented soaps.  (Yeah, I'm a sucker for things like that.)

3.  Free hot apple cider in the lobby.  Helpful when it's sub-freezing outside.

4.  The cutie-patootie server in the lounge who didn't care that I used the free wifi without ordering any food or drinks.  

5.  The perfect location, smack in the middle of downtown, across the street from both the Pennsylvania Convention Center and Reading Terminal Market.  A short walk to pretty much anything and everything downtown has to offer.

I have have *one* little thing to complain about -- the useless online booking system.  I request an "early check-in", meaning the room should be ready in the morning instead of the usual 3pm check-in.  Then I arrive as planned, and they say they have no record of me requesting an early check-in.  Then I show them a print-out of my room reservation, complete with the early check-in request, which elicits only shrugs and confused looks and results in me waiting six extra hours to be able to shower and change.  Damn them all.

But, other than that... a lovely hotel experience.
This place has potential, though, I haven't been impressed with the front end service.  I was expected 5 star service here. But the concierge or front end was less than welcoming, especially "Raymond" or Reggie ( I didn't have my glasses on ) short man with glasses  very cold and rude, I was simply trying to ask a question. Excuse me for not wearing my fur coat and pearls to get better treatment, like he did when he helped the woman before me. That was a strike one, strike two the bellman saw me coming with bags and my hands were full and didn't budge to open the door but instead decide to take a VIP call on his celly. The rooms, are okay, modern with a twist, the towels are cheap!!!! Omg they are cheap!!, it scratches the skin!!! The mattress is no sleep number bed, but will do it for now or sort off...and it's a sofa bed!!!! Oh hell nah!!!!!! I hate that!! I did not get a goods night rest... My back is aching !!!! The elevators are slow like molasses.., one side for 1-19 and the other side for higher floors. OMg if your in a rush !! Not only are the elevators slow but it's small!!Omg if your cluster phobic thisnt the hotel for you, 


The gym is okay but the pool is a joke, 

Just two lanes ! Most of it is clogged by kids, and it is swim at your risk, at least they provide with clean towels .

The gym staff are nice, though..

The internet is slow, honestly I don't feel brotherly love at this hotel, everything is a rip off, ya here u have to pay for parking!, like $45, 

The valet service is horrible!!! They treat cars like shit! I brought my nice SUV only to catch this fool to slam on brakes and to slam my door.. Like really, and if you need your car and you call ahead, that's a joke too. 
The valet staff looks sketchy, seriously they are just their for a paycheck and tips, and drive your cars like they down in the hood with their homies. And don't expect any thanks yous from miss thing at the valet window either. 

they also do $50 convenience fee, for just in case you order from the mini bar. That stuff is a rip off!!! $4.50 for honest tea!! The service needs to improve, I travel a lot and as I'm still here and wished my party chose the marriott across the street.  This is a pet friendly hotel so be prepared,for barking and  howling, I forgot to mention that the walls are thin!!! I was next to some loud mouth woman from Staten Island!!!! Though, they are prompt if you call the concierge for things. 

Housekeeping staff are very nice, it's because of them i,give them an extra star.
But what chaps my a.. Is the morning of checkout I'm getting out the shower and this maid comes on in like wth! Oh I'm sorry, !! Wth I'm like checkout isn't until 12! She doesn't apologize instead she says oh, sometimes people checkout early!!! Like really!!! 
 The cable channels are limited, don't expect the whole enchilada here. I been countless of times, going in and out, the bellman never smilies or greet. Oh yeah, be careful when in this city, like most big urban cities there are a lot of beggars, most are swindlers in my opinion, travel in pairs and be careful when using the subway.


I should have stayed At the marriott, next time , i,will do just that.
I stayed here a couple nights this week, my most recent trip to Philly.

What I liked most about this place was how absolutely incredibly wonderfully dog-friendly it is, from early morning to late at night, from absolutely every person who works here (the guys in the parking garage, the guy who held the door, the concierge, the front desk people, the guy who helped with suitcases, the people who work in the bar, the guy who was cleaning the carpets, the woman who brought towels, the guy who brought soap, etc) -- there was no forced-smile contrived patronizing WHO'S A GOOD BOY cold-hearted patting on the head, my little buddy would've snapped at 'em, he hates insincerity just as much as I do -- they even gave him his own water bowl and food bowl and place mat and poop-bags and dog-tag, all to keep and take home... This aspect was awesome...

As for everything else, it was fine -- a little anonymous and corporate feeling, a little generic perhaps, not necessarily the most luxurious or posh, but they do their best to make you feel warm and welcome -- and the location was awesome -- nowhere I went or winded coming back from was more than a few blocks away... I'd definitely return!
When something is so pretty on the outside, there's always an ugly truth hiding on the inside. I stayed at the Marriott across the street before, so I can't avoid myself from making comparisons.

The British uniformed bellhops, swanky art deco lobby, sleek Sex & the City style lounge/terrace on the 33rd floor, and the upscale "Sole Food" seafood restaurant on the ground floor give you the impression you are staying at a hotel on par with the Waldorf-Astoria. 

It was a bit of a wait on line to get checked in at the front desk, but no complaints about the service since every staff member from the maids to the janitors greeted us everywhere. Once we got to our room (#2309), we said "meh" to the decor and felt it could use some updating. It looks nothing like photo you see here. Once we pulled the window curtains aside, what an amazing smack front view of the city skyline! It lights up like gemstones at night. 

The bathroom was a decent size and well stocked with bamboo crème products from Lather, Inc. These products felt more natural and smelled a lot pleasant than the hand sanitizer scented Bath & Body Works products we had at the Marriott. The bath towels were thick & fluffy and the supply more than we needed for a 2-night stay. We found an ironing board and 2 robes for each guest in the closet.

The beds were not as soft nor were the pillows as fluffy compared to what we had at the Marriott. I was disturbed by the sight of 2 bloody red spots on the bed comforter next to the window. Instead of filing a complaint, we decided to flip the comforter over so the maid would see it the next day. When we came back from sightseeing, we noticed the beds were made but the comforter not changed. The stains were still visible on the surface. Ironically, the maid didn't even make an effort to hide the stains by flipping it over. I took photo evidence, but it's too gross to post online.

Take my advice: Don't drink water from the faucet. If you need to make coffee, don't open the bottles of Fiji water supplied by the hotel either. They will charge you $5.50 for each bottle. You can get bottled water for 99 cents at Wawa Food Market on Arch & 11th St. 2 to 3 blocks away. Also, don't expect a continental breakfast at the hotel in the mornings. It's better to get breakfast at the Reading Terminal Market instead on 12th St between Market & Arch 2 short blocks away.

The 15,000 square feet spa & fitness center is a facility worth raving about. It features a 2 lane lap pool (4ft in height), cardio & strength training machines, treadmills, free weights, and saunas. These are complimentary for hotel guests except for facials, manicures, pedicures, massages, and personal training sessions. Unlike the Marriott, there is no jacuzzi here, the health club attendants are more customer service oriented and present, new age yoga music fill the rooms, and the space is lit up by natural sunlight coming in from the tall glass windows on the ceiling.

Why 3 stars? 1 deduction for the dirty comforter and another deduction for the stiff bed. I'll give a bonus star if they at least throw in a bagel or a piece of fruit for breakfast, but we had none of that.
When I stay at a hotel, there's always something off about the experience that I don't love. The Loews Philadelphia Hotel is my favorite hotel stay, hands down, of recent memory!

Reasons to love the Loews:

+ Convenient location in the heart of downtown Philly. Right near City Hall, Reading Terminal Market and a 10 minute walk to the Liberty Bell and Independence Hall.

+ Friendly front desk staffers who made check-in a breeze.

+ Stunning space - this is an old bank and they have the original marble flooring outside the elevators.

+ Clean and spacious rooms with comfy bed and pillows and a lovely bathroom. Not to mention the views of the city!

+ 24 hour room service. I did not use this service but it was great to know it was available.

+ An in-hotel restaurant, Bank and Bourbon. Great spot for appetizers and drinks, though they do have a full menu. Shoutout to Kevin and Jasmine for the warm welcome night one of our conference and giving us local suggestions on things to do and see!

+ The conference spaces were spacious and nice, albeit chilly at times. Loved the food provided and we didn't have many tech issues during presentations. 

All in all, a great space for a conference or overnight stay in Philly!
Positive experience here. I was in Philadelphia for a business meeting. Since I arrived a lot later than I was scheduled, and was extremely exhausted, I decided to stay for the evening. 

I arrived at almost 10PM, the lobby was busy was people dining and drinking, but the staff was extremely friendly. The room itself was pretty cool, I would say on the small side, but suited me just fine for the evening. There was a comfortable bed-- the pillows weren't so great and a lack of good tv channels, but those are small things. I appreciated the staff immensely because I asked several questions about where various places (where the locals go for a good cheesesteak, a Macy's location, so I could get a few clothing items, also a Target, which I saw was also nearby) they went above and beyond in assisting me. 

I would stay here again, as the location was pretty good, and seemed to be centrally located in the city of Philadelphia. Check out time is 11, but they granted me an extra hour, due to me having to run errands before departure.
I'm unsure why there were such terrible reviews for this hotel...but my stay here at the Loew's was amazing! The lobby is elegantly decorated and upon my arrival the staff were EXTREMELY helpful and sweet and were happy to welcome me from Los Angeles. The hotel itself is conveniently located right near everything there is to see and do in Center City. You are steps away from Reading Terminal Market, CVS, Wine & Spirits and countless amazing restaurants! Everything you need is within easy walking distance, even SEPTA!

As for the room, it was nicely decorated, and I even got a corner room with an excellent view of City Hall. Getting to see the the city buildings lit up at night from my bed was amazing. The bed was super comfy, and I had such a great night sleep on it, that I even kept hitting the snooze button! I love the abundance of mirrors, which was great for getting ready in the morning. My only complaint was that the TV was positioned to the side of the bed, which made it very uncomfortable to watch tv while comfortably lounging unless you sat in the chair. It was kinda awkward. I love the bathrobes...it's like wearing a warm fuzzy blanket! 

I was starving in the morning and ordered room service which was way too expensive. The prices on the menu weren't too terrible, but they get you with the fees and added gratuity. Probably should have just ordered breakfast from the Midtown II around the corner because it's half the price and delivery is free (and only a $5 minimum to order). The breakfast, despite being pricey was really delicious, though. 

The bathroom was absolutely huge, and the bath products were very nice quality. Anytime I needed anything I just rang and someone very sweet answered the phone and made sure everything was taken care of. 

I would definitely stay here again next time I visit and I really look forward to doing so!
So, the Loews. I think it's changed my life. I've been to the Loews Hotel before; I hang out there on occasion in the lobby bar and watch football or major events on the four screens. It's fun and it's a comfy, elegant space. But this time I did more than hang around for an appetizer, I actually checked in for a Thanksgiving "staycation"! Oh the bliss!

Everyone (and I mean everyone) who attended to me from the doorman to the front desk and room service attendants were kind and helpful. 

Sometimes hotel rooms can make you feel claustrophobic, not at the Loews. My eyes lit up like Christmas lights when I saw my room. It was very spacious with high ceilings and a good view of the city skyline. The furniture was sleek & trendy as well as comfy. And the bathroom was quite large and well designed too! It had the razzle dazzle of luxury while still making me feel like it was a very liveable space. And the thing that made me really feel like a royal were the robes they had hanging in the closet. They made you feel like you were wrapped in warm chocolate silk.

This hotel is also near everything that's anything. That includes City Hall/Dilworth Plaza where there are always activities & events summer and winter; The Reading Terminal Market; Chinatown; Midtown Village; Avenue of the Arts; Rittenhouse Square; Old City, etc. Since I spent five glorious days at the Loews I made sure to take advantage of the promiximity of all of these great nearby locations. From Black Friday shopping, fine dining as well as cheap eats to movies and museums, I did it all! And the Loews made sure I did it in style.
Easy to get a room online and check in was quick and efficient. Plenty of social distance protocols in place and plexiglass where needed. Lots of elevators with the proper signage. 
The room was spacious and beautiful. The view we got was gorgeous especially at night since it was a corner room. The bed was comfy. Shower and bathroom were out of a decor magazine.
We got drinks downstairs at the bar before going to bed and the bartender was great. I absolutely adored him. 
No parking included, which is common in Philadelphia right in the city. There is a garage attached for a daily fee. 
Nice hotel in the heart of the city for sure.
I just checked into the Loews with a confirmation email and reservation for a King Deluxe room. They gave me and my husband a room with a Queen bed. Very upset and disappointed, b/c the hotel said there was nothing they could do. We will never stay at a Loews again. They didn't even offer to make it up to us in anyway. We used to have such find memories of this hotel...we got engaged here...

Also, when we arrived there was noone to open the doors to the lobby for us or help us with our luggage. There was music blaring from the bar/restaurant which was not welcomed. You could barely hear the receptionist, who by the way wasn't behind the desk to help us when we first arrived.

There are many other more attractive hotels in the area and I suggest you stay at one of them.
I stayed here while I was in Philly for work and loved it. The building used to be a bank and it's really cool inside! Front desk agents were very friendly, the bed is really comfortable and the view was incredible - my room overlooked the whole city. It's very centrally located so that was a huge benefit - everything is nearby.

The only thing I would have changed is the configuration. The lamp next to the bed blocks the view of the TV - it was really awkward placing. Other than that I enjoyed my time and would definitely stay here next time I'm in Philly!
We arrived on a Monday and left on a Sunday.  So our visit was for a decent amount of time.  We rented a King Luxury room and were situated on the 15th floor.  The room was a very nice size, although our view was pretty sad (buildings). The bathroom was just ok.  It was spacious enough, but I would have liked it more if the door was somewhere else besides 3 feet from the head of the bed.  But you have to put the door somewhere.

There was not adequate storage for our clothing, but we were there for an entire week.  I had fun playing where's the coffee machine, until I found it hiding in the cabinet next to the fridge.

But what really makes this place stand out....

I really am a *HUGE* fan of the staff.  Especially everyone that works with the concierge team.  Truly spectacular people.  If it weren't for them, our vacation would have been an entirely different experience and I can't thank them enough.
I'm so torn about whether this place is "Yay!" or "Whoohoo!" No really, this is the dilemma of the century.

The Loews Hotel's beds are so damn comfy and soft. And the comforters are exactly like fluffy comforters that didn't ever de-fluff-i-tize that my parents had that were too expensive for the children to burrow under. The pillows are plentiful, and the mattresses are oh-so-soft. Sleeping in one of these beds make you feel like you're getting a gigantic hug. It's so nice.

Bathrobes are provided so if you want to fill like Daddy Warbucks or Madame Butterfly, you can. The complementary shampoos and conditioners are larger than travel size, and aren't overly perfumed. 

THE VIEWS OF THE CITY ARE SPECTACULAR. YOUR ROOM WILL BE WELL EQUIPPED WITH WINDOWS. THERE ARE SO MANY WINDOWS OFFERING A PANORAMA OF DOWN TOWN PHILLY AND IT'S SO GORGEOUS AT SUNSET...AT NIGHTTIME...AND DURING THE DAY. (The only time it's annoying is at 5:30 a.m. on a Sunday.) 

So why just four stars if I seem to be fanning after this hotel so much? It's because I've yet to stay in a room equipped with both a shower and a bath tub. (But tubs are just so nice and huge.)
I Eek! at writing one star reviews. But this quick trip away deserves it. 

Checked in late on a Thursday, no problems. Strangely, though, front desk had zero recommendations on a solid sports bar. Interesting for such a sports-crazy town. 

The worst of it came the next morning when getting ready for the day.

The inside shower curtain liner had black smudges/specks that have to be either mold/mildew, dirt or a Sharpie. Gross. Mental note made to not get near the curtain or touch any walls. Easy enough.

Then came the drying portion. Pull off a hand towel from the rack and *fortunately* open before touching/using only to see vomit all over the towel.

Beeline to the phone. Informed them of the Vomit Towel and the Questionable Curtain, which received a few "I'm so sorry"'s and "We'll be right up"'s. 

When we got back later that day, the offending Vomit Towel was replaced, but with two towels that weren't freshly folded, and thus were not used. Unfortunately the curtain remained.

Pillows were a bust. No free WiFi/Internet Connection. *Generally* functional TV.

Not what I expect in a "Luxury" King room. I'll stick with the old reliable brands and known chains. 

The pluses: Keurig machine and good coffee; location.
My first time at a Loews and it wasn't bad at all. I'm an unapologetic hotel snob, so I'll always find something wrong with pretty much anywhere. But the pros outweighed the minor cons, so I was overall satisfied.

Pros:

+ Great view from our premium king room despite booking third party. Usually when you book third party, hotels will put you in the worst possible variation of the room type you booked purely out of spite. 

+ Classy, modern, sleek. 

+ All staff we encountered delivered excellent service.

+ Bed comfy.

+ Even if you've already checked out, you can leave your car and bags there until 5. Very convenient if you want to do more stuff in the area and not have to move your car/drag your suitcase around.

+ Mainly clean.

Cons:

- Only like 85% clean. Our white duvet cover was very stained, and the red chair/stool needed a serious vacuuming. Also, the room was incredibly dusty. I'm like deathly allergic to dust so I'm sure this is something only someone with an affliction as severe as mine would detect, but nonetheless, I had a major reaction.

- Hidden charges when I ordered a bottle of Prosecco to the room. When I called down, they said it would be $45... which it was, plus a delivery fee and service charge (how are those even different?) that brought it up to $63. This should've been mentioned.

But all in all, I'd return and recommend. Loews has officially made it onto my "acceptable hotel brands" list.
This was my second stay here in four months. First time I had the regular double room, and second time, I was fortunate enough to get an upgrade to a slightly bigger double thanks to the group I was with. 

Great location in Center City. The hotel bar, Bank and Bourbon is one of the better hotel bars I've ever seen located on the entrance level. The lobby area is a big lounge area with plenty of seating.

It was also super helpful to have a FedEx center on the premises as I had two packages delivered, including a Rent the Runway package. However they do charge you a delivery fee. I can't remember the exact breakdown but my RTR delivery was $10, and a small package of business cards was $2. The gym/steam room is really really nice. The elevators, however, are not.

The other odd thing was that for both rooms, the television wasn't centered with the beds. This is great for the one who had the TV basically all in front of her, but not the other person. Another thing that was bothersome is that both times when they texted me to welcome me to the hotel (which was a nice touch), they spelled my name wrong. If you're going make the extra effort to offer that type of customer service, take a minute to look at the reservation to make sure you're spelling your visitor's name correctly. Also, both times, strangely enough, their computer systems were running especially slow during the check-in process.

All the employees I encountered here were really nice though!
Based on the yelp reviews I was so hesitant on staying here. My boyfriend and I came in for Labor Day weekend and wanted to stay somewhere safe and within walking distance to all of the areas we wanted to check out. 

The Loews exceeded our expectations! I cannot believe they have ratings below 5 star. From the moment we checked in to the moment we picked up our luggage from
Concierge we were treated with the utmost respect. There was constant professionalism and of course the staff was very friendly and kind! 

A gentleman at The concierges desk gave us a printed out sheet (upon request) of the top 10 attractions in Philly along with with description, address, and directions from the hotel. All within walking distance. PS you are right by the Reading Terminal Market, which is great for lunch! I would recommend Carmens Philly cheesesteaks! So amazing. Anyways.... 

We were on the 8th floor in a luxury room and the view was gorgeous! We were looking right out into the city. Our room was very spacious and had plenty of storage for clothes and shoes. Room has an iron and two bathrobes, as well as a hair dryer. Of course body washes are there waiting. The shower was great! Not tiny and had different levels of pressure from the shower head. Bathroom was also nice and spacious. 

The room wasn't over the top luxurious. It was just right. It was very spacious and comfortable. Bed was cozy and comfy beyond belief. Usually after hotel stays I can't wait to get to my bed. No way. I didn't want to leave the Loews. 

From morning till early evening there are free and fresh refreshments in the lobby. That was always a nice treat after a full day of adventures. The hotel also smells soooo good and fresh. I know that's an odd factor to put in here but if you've ever walked into a hotel and smelled something not so fresh, or even cleaning products you appreciate the Loews scent! Enjoy it. 

There is a fun restaurant/bar right in the entrance of the hotel. We didn't eat there but looked fun! PS hotel is puppy friendly! We saw so many awesome dogs. 

Check out was at 12 and we were rushed by no one to be out immediately (keep in mind it was a sold out week due to the holidays). That was a nice touch. No one likes phone call after phone call reminding you to leave. 
As I briefly mentioned concierge is very helpful! We still had a full day to kill after checkout. Without a doubt they held our luggage for hours, no charge. 

The staff is really amazing. Always willing to help and lend a helping hand. Always smiling and was there to give recommendations on where to go and what to see. 

If I were to go back to Philly I would without a doubt stay at the Loews again. Anywhere else would be a downgrade! Hope this helped.
I've stayed here on a few occasions and each time has been a different experience but always good.  Service is always friendly and efficient and not pretentious.

If you can, request a higher floor and even better request a corner room.  You'll love the view (i could see the stadiums on one side and william penn on the other).  Sign up for their membership and you'll get some nice perks.  Free bottle of wine (red or white), free paper and of course...high floor if they have it.

They have super comfy beds and robes and large bathrooms.
We had a pleasant two-nights stay here at Loews Philadelphia Hotel. It's near a subway stop and Reading Terminal Market. We took Lyft from the 30th Street train station stop to get here and it costs around $3-5!!!

Our room was pretty big and clean. Both Queen sized beds were comfy too. The only bad thing about our room was that the TV was on the side and not in front of us. There was also free WiFi to use.

Great service by the staff and they were very professional. We were able to check-in early and check-out a few minutes later as well. I always saw the staff maintaining and cleaning the lobby throughout the day. Overall, good experience here.
I was in town for a couple of nights and stayed at Loews Philadelphia Hotel.  The Loews resides in the old PSFS Building in Center City.  The PSFS Building was the first modern skyscraper built in the U.S. with an art deco design and distinctive polished black marble façade.  If location is everything, the Loews has it all.  Philadelphia is a surprisingly walkable town.  The Loews is across the street from the convention center, practically across the street from Reading Terminal Market, and a reasonable walk from Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell as well as plenty of restaurants and bars.  However, if you need to take a cab, there was a line of cabs at the ready just outside the front door.

When I arrived a little after noon, my room wasn't ready.  The reception desk took my cell number and said they would call me as soon as it was ready.  I checked my bag with the Bell Desk and decided to grab some lunch while I waited.  No more than 30 minutes later, I received a call from them.  I checked into my room and my bags were delivered to me very promptly.  Although, the building may be old, the interior is completely renovated and modern.  The guest rooms are likewise modern and well appointed with a pretty comfortable queen-sized bed, and a 42" HD flat panel.  My only critiques about the room were either the pillows on the bed could've been thicker or they could've added on more pillows, and the towels weren't very thick or soft and seemed more the type to be found in a cheap motel.  Still, upon final tally, the front desk staff was polite and efficient, housekeeping seemed thorough and was largely unobtrusive, and the location was ideal.  I'd gladly stay at the Loews the next time I'm in Philadelphia.
We  have stayed here many times. We knew someone in management who has since moved out of the area. The service was great but that may have been because we were on the VIP list. There are a few restaurants in the hotel. We ate at one of them one night.
There is a train station about  a block from the hotel that is very convenient.  We usually stay in the Premium King suite and luxury King suite. The marble bath was really big and clean. It was within walking distance to Reading Terminal Market.
There is a gym and pool also.
We ate in the restaurant  a few times. It has a lounge feel. We actually can't remember what we ate or any of the other details about the restaurant but I know we ate there  a few times so it wasn't bad. Just not memorable.
Over all it was clean and we always had great experiences with this hotel. But there are so many other hotels in Philly and we have stayed at many. It doesn't stand out as being the best but it was just fine. No complaints.
One-night stay on a Friday Night for a quick stay-cation in Philadelphia. Prior to arrival, had a few hiccups. The room was to be paid for prior to us arriving and they would not take a card over the phone as initially stated would be okay upon booking, which then required our host to drive all the way to the hotel to pay for it. Minus one star. 

Before leaving to head over to Philly, I texted their concierge line and asked how much the incidental fee would be for the night (see photo of text message convo) First I was given a very large range then I was told $75. I wanted to know in advance so I could make sure I set enough aside in my account that would be held up and eventually refunded. I arrived at the hotel and all of a sudden the fee was $100? Whatever, extra $25, figured it out. The issue is that I was told something completely different and have written proof of that. Not to mention, when I called to ask about hotel parking, I had to be transferred twice before I could get a straight answer on how that worked. Seems like they have a lot of people working at this hotel who are either not properly trained or answer questions on a whim. Minus another star. 

Also- $50 to park your car overnight? The least they could do is discount that for hotel guests... total rip off

The room itself was okay, seemed pretty clean, have no complaints there except for the fact these are by far the worst hotel pillows I have ever slept on. Definitely need an upgrade. The hallways were also filthy. But hey, not sleeping in the hallway so how much can I complain about that? Lol. There was a bar in the hotel with a small lounge that we did not get to enjoy based on our other plans but walking by it looked nice. The location of the hotel is conveniently close to everything so this was a plus. 

But beware for a few headaches if you stay, I'm sure this is a reoccurring issue.
WARNING!!!!!!!!!!! WARNING!!!!!!!!!!! WARNING!!!!!!!!
Loews has a bad habit of NOT returning deposits so be prepared to do their job for them by contacting their customer service to make sure they return your money.

Long story short... I've been waiting for my money to be released for over a week; contacted them today and somehow the money was never released and then to add insult to injury I have to wait ANOTHER 3-5 business days! LOLOLOLOLOLOL! Are you fucking kidding me?

LOEWS IS PURE TRASH!!!!!!!!!!!!

SIDEBAR: MAKE SURE YOU CONTACT THEM BEFORE BOOKING A ROOM BECAUSE THEY MAYBE IN THE MIDDLE OF A RENOVATION!
This is a business-class hotel right in the heart of downtown Pliladelphia, a block from the Reading Terminal Market, and within a short walk to many good restaurants and bars. The decor has a cool, modern/Art Deco vibe.

We fled here for a three-day respite in the aftermath of hurricane Sandy, when we had no power or heat in our home for 11 days. As refugees from the storm, they extended to us a bargain rate of $99/night for a beautiful room on a top floor with a panoramic view of the city.

The room was quiet and comfortable. The HDTV was high quality, although digital channel selection was limited. In-room wi-fi was $13 extra per day. The tile bathroom was spacious and very clean--no grungy black mildew in the shower that you sometimes see. Towels were soft, and the toiletries provided were good quality.
Valet parking is expensive--$45 a day, but the attendant, without hesitation, cheerfully directed me to a self-park, public garage right across the street for only $17/day.

We ate breakfast twice in the hotel's elegant "Sole Food" restaurant. The food and service was excellent, although pricey.
No complaints at all about the property or the staff. This hotel would be my first choice when visiting Philadelphia again in the future.
This is a tricky place to rate because of some mixed feelings, but generally I think the positives outweigh the negatives.

The pros:

- Location is awesome.  It's right in the middle of Center City, close to lots of attractions, restaurants and easy access to various transportation points.

- Parking lot on the premises and they do a good job of getting cars pretty quickly.

- The service here is solid

- The bed was comfortable and I slept pretty well in the two different rooms I was in

The cons:

- While they managed to redecorate, the place still feels dated due to the nature of the windows 

- The climate control in the rooms feel weird.  The A/C is either too hot or too cold in both of the rooms I stayed in and it feels oddly humid inside

- The elevators here are terrible.  The way it's structured is odd (undoubtedly due to the old nature of the building) and sometimes when it gets busy it's a real slog to go up/downstairs.

Normally based on that I'd give it a solid 3 stars, but the fact I slept fine and the staff was really friendly and professional, I bumped it to 4 stars.
Their complimentary hot spiced apple cider was the bomb! I was sick almost the whole time I was there so it was helpful.  Rooms are nice.  I think I would have enjoyed it better if I wasn't so sick.  The only thing that was super annoying was the service downstairs.  It wasn't every day but some days some of the people at the restaurant acted shady and uniformed about things going on down there. 

Things are super expensive there so be prepared for that.  However, you can get to other places fairly easily.  Don't expect some of the front desk people to tell you. Some have no clue about anything outside of the hotel.  There were only two people that I knew I could go to that would give me good directions and information.
We booked a stay in another lower-grade hotel for a weekend in Philadelphia and because of an error in the other hotel's booking system, we were moved to Loews.

Wow. What an upgrade!

The hotel itself is supremely cool. Located in a renovated 1930s former ban building, it oozes sophistication with a nod to the 30s - retro lighting and typology, color choices and the like.

Beds: Incredibly comfortable. Even more so since we were in Mexico last week and had to endure the typically hard bed there.

Free WiFi. FREE WIFI!!!!

Bathroom: Luxurious, nice quality amenities.

Fitness center: Out of this world. It's not a crowded hole-in-the-wall with outdated equipment. It's a proper, staffed fitness center. Several treadmills, tons of walking around space, men/women's locker rooms, wet/dry saunas and a lap pool. Did I mention heated hand towels? Or spa services? The only thing lacking is a hot tub. 

The only thing we didn't try was the new lobby level restaurant but it looked amazing. (The lobby, by the way, is full of community table spaces for dining, drinking, chatting and working, depending on time of day.)

Bottom line: I'd stay here again in a heartbeat for business or pleasure.

The hotel is easy to get to from the airport - take the airport line and exit at Jefferson Street station. It's right across the street. There are tons of great places to eat within walking distance and anyone on staff at the hotel can give you excellent recommendations of places to try.
I stayed here for 4 nights for my first visit to Philadelphia with my new man. He was able to get a great deal on the "Bed & Breakfast" plan where you get a $50 breakfast credit for the morning after each night's stay. 

We had a corner room on the 12th floor with an amazingly comfortable king sized bed. The Loews also had a number of special touches that made our stay comfortable. The rooms come with a complimentary Keurig machine, supplied with coffee and tea. The bathroom amenities were high quality, and the hair dryer was heaps above the standard hotel ones. The lobby also had complimentary hot cider, and early morning there was a coffee bar set up. 

There was free wi-fi for 3 devices each day, and the signal was actually really strong, which was unexpected to say the least. 

About the "Bed & Breakfast" plan: Served at the hotel restaurant Bank & Bourbon, and we both felt it was only worth it if you always eat a hearty breakfast. I think we didn't reach the $50 at least twice, so YMMV...although you can easily reach it if you order juice, coffee, a main, maybe some fruit....etc.
Question, which Philadelphia hotel has some of the best rooms and ambiance along with the best view of the city not at the Comcast Center? The Lowes has long been a fave hotel of mine decked out in decco decor, compfy rooms and the first spot I take new Philly visitors with wrap around views of the city on  the 33rd floor. This hotel truely makes you feel special.
Absolute terrible customer service at this hotel.  I cannot comment on the rooms, as they were not able to honor my PAID in-full in advance hotel reservation.  We used Priceline to reserve a room at this hotel and upon our arrival were told they were overbooked and unable to give us a room.  They said they would relocate us directly across the street at a Marriott; however, when we went across the street, we were told we were at the wrong hotel.  I confirmed three times with the Loews Hotel employee that the hotel was directly ACROSS THE STREET.  THe hotel they actually relocated us at, and finding it after walking around downtown Philly, was actually several blocks away.  The Loews offered no sort of compensation or transportation, and just said there was nothing they could do.  I contacted their customer service twice, and have not received a response back in almost a week, not even an acknowledgement of my e-mail.  

I contacted Priceline and they were able to resolve the issue.  Thankful for them, because obviously the Loews does not care.
We got a great deal for Loews through Priceline's Name Your Own Price (we got it for $80, before tax - searched 4 stars in Downtown Philadelphia).

Now I gotta say, it was just missing that "oomph" that makes it fall short of a 4 star hotel in terms of decor.  I just didn't get the "wow" factor from it so I'm not surprised we ended up with this hotel when we priced $80 on priceline.

However, I will say that the hotel is in a really great location, very convenient to a lot of places in Philadelphia.

Their downfall was when both my boyfriend and I felt itching sensations on our bodies after spending 20 minutes under the sheets in bed watching tv.  At first I thought it was just me, but when it was the both of us we knew something was up.

I don't care, but that is unacceptable for any hotel - and definitely NOT okay for a so-called 4 star hotel.  They didn't even seem all the concerned when we called in.  They changed rooms for us, after we asked, but they really should have been the ones to offer more than that.

I won't be back, and save yourself the bug bites/bed bugs.
3-4 stars rating for EVENTS & Ballrooms (we did not stay at the hotel).  The space is lovely and events are well planned and well run here.  And the location is sooooo convenient.
As I'm here with my wife on a convention, I can't complain as we didn't have to pay anything for the room. The room is really nice with a nice little desk for a laptop. I'm on the 25th floor so I have one hell of a view of Philly. The rooms don't come with a refrigerator or microwave, at least the one I have didn't. I was able to call for a microwave if I needed one with no extra charge. The refrigerator that they have is filled with high priced beverages and snacks that will be charged to your room automatically. The refrigerator has a sensor on it so that's how you will be charged. There are plenty of stores nearby to get what you need if need be. The wifi is free, however if you need a higher speed as far as watching Netflix or really huge downloads the price per day is $14.95. Yes I would stay here again.
Nice stay with my wife for our anniversary - the room was great, excellent part of town, beautiful view of the river, nice hotel bar. The hotel was comparable to a Courtyard Marriott or other four star caliber hotels I've stayed in.

Unfortunately a few days later my wife realized there were four charges on our account totaling more than $300 even though we had pre-payed on Priceline. I called billing at Loews and the woman on the phone explained two of the charges to my satisfaction but had no explanation for two separate charges each over $100. She cancelled one and said the other would be refunded in 3-5 business days. No apology for the error or explanation.

So I asked to speak with a manager and was connected to an operator who took a message for me. A day passed and nobody called back so I left a less nice message. The manager (Jaime - sp?) called back and explained that the hotel had charged me for the room even though I had already pre-paid, and charged my card twice for incidentals, thinking one account was for Priceline. Why you'd charge Priceline for incidentals is anybody's guess.

Mistakes happen and that's fine but again, the lack of any apology or explanation (from billing or the manager) is what ticked me off along with the fact that nobody called me back promptly. I consider that to be extremely poor customer service and wouldn't go back again just based on this experience. I'd ask to talk with a manager but I already did.
This hotel is absolutely amazing and I've stayed at just about every hotel chain imaginable.  First time staying in a Loews and I'm definitely going to be seeking them out on my travels.

The massive lobby was very modern and trendy.  Check-in was quick and painless.  We were given a room on the 20th floor and headed over to the elevator bank.  The elevators are confusing as first as one side goes to the first few floors and the other side to the top floors.  I initially thought this was frustrating but the nice part is that if you're staying on the top floors you don't have to worry about stops on the way up or down on the first floors and vice versa.  It also seems that the elevators work on a "smart system" where the system analyzes where buttons are pressed and if there's low demand, they go into an express mode where it will take you right to the lobby or your floor without stopping and send an empty elevator to pick up guests on other floors.  Very cool.

The rooms are massive and clean.  We had a king bed and there was still tons of room left.  The televisions are not flat screen which was a little shocking but not a deal breaker.  Bathrooms are clean and functional with great water pressure and plenty of hot water.

The hotel is adjacent to the main subway terminal which makes traveling across Philly very easy.

Their rewards program appears to get you some pretty good benefits after only a few stays which is very important to me in hotel choice as I travel frequently for work.

As I said in the beginning of this review, I was very impressed with the hotel and will be looking to stay at more Loews in the future.
Super average and overpriced.

Had to wait for the room to be ready over an hour;  I haven't stayed at a hotel that hadn't had the room ready for a very long time.

Perhaps they are very busy, perhaps I should've booked with my rewards number instead of rushing and maybe they'd treat me better... we will never know.

The Kimpton hotels in Philadelphia are far nicer and in much better locations.

Nothing about this hotel screams 4 star I can promise you that.
On a whim I really wanted a Philly cheesesteak lol. So guess what I got in my car got on hotel tonight and found this cute upscale hotel. 

The hotel is situated right downtown and easy to get to. However there is no nearby parking so valet parking is your best bet. Parking was an additional $55 dollars but honestly most hotels in the area had a parking fee. 

Check in was pretty much smooth a lot of the amenities were suspended of course due to Covid. That didn't stop business , the hotel was still bustling. People were respectful and everyone had on mask and maintained their distance. 

What I like the most is that you are super close to pretty much everything fun in philly , quick car rides or walkable. You have options for UberEats , Doordash and more. 

I wish I had more pictures of how gorgeous this hotel room was. Super clean , very bright and cozy. Comfortable bedding. Won't hesitate to stat here again.
Absolutely disgusting hotel with poor management. First -- our king room was not honored... Even after we confirmed it hours ahead of time. Hard for two adults and a toddler to share a smaller bed. Then we were given a horribly dirty room. They changed our room to a queen room which not only didn't fit our sleeping needs but was also dirty. So at midnight with a toddler in tow, we called another hotel and fled for a good night sleep. Only then did the manager show some shame and remorse and offered a certificate for a free room. Too bad my family will never step foot in this dump again.
Great view, the rest was ok...

The Loews is located right in the center of town.  The lobby is very nice and the staff helpful and friendly.  If you look carefully in the lobby though, there are signs of age that become more of any issue in the rooms.

The rooms are spacious often with great views of downtown.  The bed mattress in my room was a bit too "broken in" and was not terribly supportive.  The room decor was fine but with some wear.  The major problem area was the bathroom.  The shower was a old and the tile could use updating.  The faucets were loose and turning in the opposite direction to turn on.

WIFI service was easy to access but slow.

Overall, just ok.
Overall our experience at the Loews Hotel was great. I decided to give Priceline a chance and booked a room for only $95.

A few days before our arrival I called to verify our room and also to make sure that my Loews First number was listed on the reservation. The woman said it was and asked what "amenity" I would like (Loews First members get their choice of a variety of amenities upon arrival, like wine, beer, water and fruit, cookies and milk, etc). The woman also noted that I had booked via Priceline, but seemed as though this was a non-issue.

When we arrived, the small lobby was crowded--lots of families, children, and pets. I was then told that despite being a Loews First member I would not receive my choice of amenity (I had chosen beer and nuts) since I had booked via Priceline. That was disappointing, but didn't spoil our stay.

Also at check in we were asked if we would like turn down service and we said "yes." However, during our 2 night stay we got no turn down service at all. The housekeeping service was also a bit questionable, as one day we were out of our room all day--returning around 4 to a messy room. We left again and returned after midnight and our room had been made up, which was a relief, since I was worried that it wasn't going to be clean--something you shouldn't need to worry about at a "4-Star" hotel.

The whole hotel has a "hip and modern" yet retro feel. Our room--on the 15th floor was near a fire-stairwell, so I think it may have been bigger than most rooms, it was quite spacious with high ceilings. The desk/dresser was scuffed and scratched, but that's no big deal to me. There was a refrigerator in the room--no minibar though.

At night the hotel's restaurant, Sole Food becomes a night club (at least it did the weekend we stayed there) so there were alot of people in the lobby that were dressed for "clubbing," and that had been drinking.

If you are planning a relaxing weekend, or a "grown up" hotel you may want to look elsewhere. Though this hotel has a grown-up vibe, they also allow kids to stay free, (not sure why, as they don't seem to have much "kid friendly" stuff to do, even the pool is an indoor lap pool). They are also very pet-friendly so there were children and pets all over.

The 33rd floor is like an open observatory for guests to enjoy the view (they have private functions there also). We were able to bring our drinks there and watch fireworks and take in the city view, which was lovely.

The Loews has a great location--we walked everywhere. It's a good (long) walk to the Art Museum and also to Penn's Landing, and everything in between.

(I should also mention, that for whatever reason, my husband did not like this hotel. I think it was the amount of kids and pets running around, and it felt that the whole "scene" there was overrated.)
This wasn't my first stay at the Loews but it was a bit of a let down.  First, there was some kind of emergency that wasn't handled really well.  Every large hotel has some kind of alarm now and then but this one was really odd.  In a half hour period, there were repeating messages blaring into all the rooms saying not to do anything, don't use the elevators or stairs, and they're looking into it.  The messages were from four different people who all had to say that they didn't know what was going on.  Over and over.  Eventually the messages changed to "everything is okay".  Over and over.  Someone needs to think through the emergency procedures but this was admittedly better than a real emergency.

Then there were the shades which didn't close, apparently housekeeping doesn't touch them because no one knew.  We told the concierge about them and they were fixed.  With all the buttons on the phone and the standard 50 page manual on how to use the hotel room, there was no way to call the front desk or housekeeping.  The concierge told us that any time we needed anything, just use the button called "star services".  Oh okay, I guess that's obvious to someone.

The room was creaking in the wind all night and it sounded like someone was pushing on the door.  The doors can't be closed quietly and our neighbors were in and out of their rooms all night long.  The Keurig worked as well as any of them do, just do everything in the proper unlabeled sequence and you're good to go.  There were never enough pods so we had to ask housekeeping for more.  And we had to save our paper cups because there weren't enough of those either.  Then there was the mysterious substance on the door jamb at eye level that looked like someone sneezed on it and it was there for all of the 3 nights that we were there.

I could go on, but the stay just seemed like one of those Murphy's Law things and it really caught me off guard because my last stay at Loew's (nearly two years ago) was so smooth and uneventful.  There were some good things, the wifi was free, the TV worked, and the thermostat effectively controlled the temperature in the room.  But all the little niceties that make a hotel special just didn't come together.  Next time I'll try a different hotel, maybe the Marriott across the street, just to see if it's any better.
Ok Loews, you really disappointed me.

I stayed here for free, so I really shouldn't say anything...  But I will anyway.

This hotel is so beautiful when you're just passing through.  Their lobby is spotless and swanky, and Sole Food is such a cool-looking bar.  Check-in was easy, and off to our room we went!  At a quick glance, the room was pretty cool.  But then I looked closer...  at the inch of dust on the glass cover over the desk, on the TV, and on the night stands...  at the hole in the bottom sheet of the bed... at the little white styrofoam pieces that had somehow broken apart and pushed themselves into the carpet (although a quick run with the vacuum would have really helped that situation).  Then it just seemed dirty.  The hallway was rundown as well, with the carpet totally rubbed down by the elevators and the marble on the walls was all scratched up.  

This hotel has such potential to be extremely cool, but it's in need of a major housekeeping overhaul and some minor renovations here and there.  Maybe our room was just a fluke and the others are better, who knows.  I don't think I would go back again though, even for free...
Stayed here for this past NYE and was satisfied with my stay. The location is perfect right in center city. The view from our room was perfect. Clean rooms, comfy beds, and friendly staff. Each room comes with a fully stocked bar, which is a bit irritating when you have things you want to put in a fridge but can't. I suggest parking at the lot across the street to save a few bucks.
I was here for a conference. I actually stayed across the street because Loews was all booked by the time I got it together to try and get my room. However, I did go and chill in my colleagues room between sessions. The rooms were nice & they had a great view of the city. They were clean & the staff at the hotel was very nice. Close to restaurants so it was easy for us to grab lunch/dinner without having to deal with cabs and such. Really nice, I would stay here if I roll back through Philly.
We stayed at the Loews hotel last evening while in town for a wedding. We were booked on the 32nd floor with an amazing view! It was also a huge plus to have onsite parking. Especially in that part of the city. The room was immaculate and modern. Staff were friendly. They even gave 30 of us umbrellas because of the rain. Will stay again!
A very nice hotel located down the street from Reading Terminal. I had a conference here on the 33rd floor (see my photo, the views were breath-taking). 

Easy access, drove right in and the the valet parking is $49/overnight. I arrived at 8am, and you can keep you car until the next day until 5pm. There is a coffee shop and a restaurant/bar located in the hotel if you need some food resuscitation at some point.

The conference had great food, which was surprising since we know catered food can be a gassy/GI nightmare. No issues at all...and I ate everything possible to keep myself awake during the meeting.

For the hotel room, nice layout of large bathroom. The bed was very comfortable and there is a nice desk option by the window. There is a keurig machine for a quick pick-me-up and free wifi. I didn't see a mini fridge in my room though.

Check-in was relatively easy, the only thing that is a little confusing is the million elevators they have. Some elevators do not go to certain floors. 

Just be warned Loew's can have many events at once, and when I was there there were three weddings. Everyone arrived when I checked-in, but the staff was very efficient and the check-in line went by quickly.
Such a fantastic experience at the Lowe's Hotel these past few days. My company got a group of about 15 together for business meetings yesterday & today with colleagues from NJ, NY & PA, so we all arrived at different times via plane, train & car. We arrived yesterday morning for all-day meetings in one of the private conference rooms at the hotel & stayed the night at the hotel. From arrival to departure, the service from the staff here was exceptional.

David, the bellman, greeted me outside before I even had 1 foot out of the taxi. He took me straight to the check-in counter.

Jamie & Emily at the front desk assisted with my check-in and were SO cheerful and friendly! 

Duc, one of the food banquet guys, was my favorite of all. Since we were in the Anthony Conference Room on floor 3 for business meetings, we had catered lunch, drinks & snacks from the hotel. Duc was super attentive to our needs, came to refill waters & sodas from the table, set up the lunch table, & I was convinced he was psychic. Every time one of us would look around in need of something, Duc just had the uncanny super power of knowing what we needed (location of restrooms for example). Duc is awesome!!!

The rooms were HUGE, super clean, nicely decorated, new appliances & the soap products smell SO good. The bed was probably the biggest bed I have ever slept in. I should have slept horizontally to fully utilize the bed space. Fresh flowers in the lobby and a very pleasant experience upon arrival and every time we would walk through the lobby. 

The hotel was busy with other similar professional work groups in town, & the downstairs restaurant & bar (bar is called Bank & Bourbon) was unexpectedly quite the attraction of the lobby area. Even if you weren't staying at the Lowe's, I would highly recommend getting a drink at this bar. Friendly bartenders too. 

You're doing great work here, Lowe's! Looking forward to staying here again the next time I'm in Philly!
I've staid at Loews before and had amazing times. I came here with the expectation of a more refined experience given what I've seen before. Man was I wrong!! I'm writing this during our first 30 minutes at the hotel because it is just that upsetting! The pictures speak for themselves. The bedskirt was the first thing we noticed. It was ripped on both sides of the bed. The sheets were messy, as if someone just rushed to stuff the corners in. We then looked around the room and found thick layer of dust on a lot of the furnishings(nightstand, lamp posts, desk)! There was a piece of cigarette box wrapping on the desk chair! It's as if no one there to looked below eye-level when they cleaned. The worst is when we found another person's hair on top of our comforter! I can handle dust but I couldn't imagine getting into this bed for stay so I asked for them to switch a room. 

James at the front desk was very understanding about this. He manage to get us into another room and told me that the head of housekeeping will make sure the room is really clean before we switch. Unfortunately, we found another hair (maybe eyelash) on the sheets when we uncovered the comforter. I'm giving up here and just call it for what it is. When you pay for a hotel room, you expect to have a room that at least comes off clean without other another person's hair on your bed. Loews Philadelphia is just not a place you should stay at. Lesson learned.
The elevators here are AWFUL.  Every time we wanted to take an elevator down from our room on the 8th floor, we would have to wait several minutes and when the elevator arrived it would be crammed full of people.  Not very pleasant.  They have an annoying set up where half the elevators serve only floors 19-33 and the other half serve the rest - maybe that is why it was so slow.  Whatever the reason, this was extremely annoying.

This was billed as a luxury hotel, but doesn't quite match what you would expect based on the price.  The bathrooms and bath products and view were just OK, the fridge was filled with insanely overpriced items that charges when you touch them and there was no other room in the fridge for storage.  The keurig machine was nice but they should have put more k-cups out for it.  There were only 2 actual coffees there and it comes out in a very small portion.  The bed was too soft for me.  None of these was a big deal at all in themselves, but altogether made just for kind of an average experience.  It was the horrible elevators that really brought the star rating down though.

Do NOT park in their lot - it is outrageously overpriced.  There is a nice lot across the street that charges $17/night.. we came Friday night and left Sunday afternoon and paid $34.

The location is great, I like that the rooms have full length mirrors, and there is a large gym and narrow lap pool on the 19th floor.  Also, if you want to have a nice view, go to the 33rd floor and take a look out the window.  Just be warned that you have to take two different elevators to get to the 33rd floor from your room and the journey up there may take up to 7 minutes because of waiting times.  Argh, those elevators really drove me nuts.
There is no other building more modern as  the PSFS building from 1932
Around here. The aesthetic, combined with the professional guest services and the lobby area / restaurant / bar offers a sophisticated experience for those who are looking to have a modern experience interpreted for the 21st century. 
This will not be the last time I will stay at this gem when in town.
Dirty rooms & headboard trash under the bed. alarm clock and radio doesn't work. unknown substance on curtains in the room appears to be someone's DNA. absolutely no benefit to the concierge level not allowed access to the club or library. Hallways and elevator  look like they haven't been cleaned since it was the PSFS building. incompetent Front house staff that are unhelpful unwilling and unknowledgeable to accommodate adequate service
I've walked past this hotel many times whenever I'm in the city. This hotel is pretty nice. The lobby area is really nice. So many events in this hotel. Quite a few TVs to catch up on the latest scores from different sports.
From the outside, this place looks nicer than it really is. The rooms are not as nice as you would expect after having seen the lobby, restaurant, and ballrooms. They have valet parking, otherwise, street parking is impossible to find.

The service was good, and the location can't be beat for conventions or chinatown, but otherwise, we were a little disappointed.
I spent $160 for a night here, but I think it was well worth it.

The room was very spacious, especially the bathroom. I was also specially surprised to find robes in the closet! The whole room was very clean.

Outside of the room itself, the concierge was helpful i directing us around the city. I also appreciated having security in front of the hotel entrance to keep out non-guests. That is very necessary when you are in downtown Philly.

There was one big negative. $40 to park overnight!?!?! You gotta be kidding me.
The Loews is pretty sharp: modern, huge rooms, great Center City location, extremely attentive staff.  The only possible reason to drop a star:  no lobby coffee shop/bar  and no stair to the second floor meeting rooms: taking an elevator one floor is such a pet peeve.

Great rest (Bourbon and Banks) as well, and the open bar to the lobby serves full menu and booze which is convenient.
I found it! The room with the bathtub and the shower! It's on the 29th floor...and the view from here is damn fantastic - it's like looking down from Heaven on the River and the Ben Franklin bridge. It's even more magical when NJ decides to have fireworks on a non-federal holiday.

Super friendly staff accompanied by super comfy beds that you sort of melt into along with an impeccably furnished gym with new equipment and a lap pool, the Loews is my go-to spot in Philly for an impromptu getaway. It should be yours too...
This is your typical upscale hotel. Why the Five Star review then? THE STAFF.  

Everyone I came in contact with was so amazing and friendly, genuinely friendly. Offers to escort me to my room, get me a cab/shuttle, good morning/afternoon/evening  every time I walked by the front desk and concierge, EVERYONE was great.  

Treat them well Loews Philadelphia, they are what set you apart from the rest.





I thought I had a "go-to" Philly hotel before but I was wrong, I have now found it
I'm going to give this LOEWS 1 Star I wish I could give it a ZERO.Warning please find another hotel.The valet parking is around the corner from the hotel.When checking out you can't get anyone on the phone to bring your car around!The worst ever
My sister and I stayed here one night because we had an event to attend at the Hard Rock across the street. I don't know where the people leaving bad reviews are used to staying. I've stayed at numerous hotels and this place was great. Definitely in my top5. Upon checking in the hotel staff were friendly and funny. Wishing my sis a happy bday and joking with us about age etc. We went to our room which was lovely. We didn't have a great view but upon booking the room they told us this and also told us they had rooms with better views for higher rates. Since we wouldn't be in the room much we were happy to stay in the less expensive room. The bed was super comfy. I didn't want to get up. The shower was nice. The room was clean. The lounge was comfortable. I'd definitely stay here again.
Very disappointing experience here. Had a very large school event here that was shutdown an entire hour early by the staff at the hotel. We were told that there was an open bar until 1AM and they shut it down at midnight. Having paid good money for our event it was very disappointing. They also kept our ENTIRE security deposit because they claimed that someone took a bottle of cheap, rail vodka from behind the bar that they shutdown prematurely. I caution anyone from scheduling an event with them because they are not lenient or accommodating!
I stayed at Loews Philadelphia 7/16/17, to celebrate our anniversary. We are from NY so we were excited to get away. We had the Grand King room on the 32 Floor, the view was beautiful, however the room was FILTHY! There was thick layers of dust on every table all over the phone, on the blinds and the drawers had hair and dust in them. We were very upset, I called the front desk they said they would send someone to clean it and a bottle of wine
They did not offer another room. The wine arrived within 10 minutes, but it took them 45 minutes to send someone up to clean the room! When we checked out I requested a bellhop to take our things, he never showed up.
Customer service is extremely important to me
Cleanliness is a must!, especially with hoteling 
Very disappointed
I found this place on Hotels.com and got a discounted price because I had booked my flight on Expedia. I had heard of Lowes Hotels because I had seen a couple in Los Angeles, where I live. The hotel was a short drive away from where I had my meeting, so I booked it for 2 nights. 

I knew this was a swanky place, but the cost of parking per night is absolutely appalling. It cost me $91. I was only there for two nights. Ridiculous. 

But other than that, I had a glorious time!

I was greeted by a lovely front desk attendant. She checked me in, and then escorted me to the concierge when I had asked about what was fun to do in the area, since I had never been to Philadelphia before. The concierge told me about several places I might enjoy, and even gave me a list of addresses and a map of the city. 

My room was simply stunning. The view from the 22nd floor was incredible. I almost decided to stay at a more affordable hotel a little further out, but it was soooo worth the extra money to be able to wake up to Philadelphia like that every morning. My room even had one of those things you can hook your iPhone or iPod up to and play music. So of course, I danced around my room while getting ready both nights!

I had dinner both nights downstairs at the Bank and Bourbon Restaurant. I sat at the bar because it was pretty slow (it was Easter Sunday the first night). Great bartenders, very cool and knowledgeable on all the different drinks and even the menu. I even made a couple new friends! 

Everyone from the concierge to the bellman to the housekeepers were so nice. I had an amazing experience at this hotel, and I will always stay here when I visit Philly. Just make sure to budget for valet parking or skip the rental car.
Great central place when staying in the city. I stayed here for 5 days and 4 nights for a work conference. The hotel is about a 20 min drive from the airport and I took Uber for $45 one way. 

-Super fancy lobby
-Friendly staff
-Restaurant in lobby 
-Small clean rooms, but modern and very comfortable
-COMFY beds! I had a king with 6 pillows surrounding me!!!
-1 block away from Reading Terminal (DANGEROUS!!!)
-15 min walk either way going to historical landmarks
-Some crazy/homeless people but if you play the part and "belong" you'll be fine
-Conference facilities were nice and spacious

I did enjoy my stay at Loews. I would stay here again if I were to come back. Everything I wanted to do or head to was within walking distance. Taxi stand is located out front, so easy to catch a cab quickly.
Stayed here for a conference. It was a beautiful, chic, modern, and clean hotel. I very much enjoyed the bathrobes and the clean lines of the furniture. The hotel is bigger than i first realized. The check-in was easy, the room was nicely sized. 

I was frustrated tho, that i called room service and was told one thing about available items, but when i called back to order, they said the same items were never available. Mostly i was frustrated because I had a very early flight, so wanted to have breakfast before i left the hotel. 

I would definitely return - the stay was great; relaxed, in the middle of everything, with restaurants nearby. I also liked the doormen - they were always willing to answer questions and fun to joke around with!
I'm always wary of chain hotels. 
I prefer the familial approach of boutiques.

Checking in at 11 am on a Saturday, I was quickly greeted cordially and professionally by Sherri.
She was bubbly and informative.
And, though I was early, she spoke my favorite Hotel words - "your room is ready."

I was ideally placed at the farthest end from the elevator bank, in a quiet alcove.
The halls were silent from check in to check out. 
But, the surrounding area, mostly due to election issues, was quite noisy, even on the 20th floor.

The room was spacious with an open lay out.
Bed was reasonably comfortable.
The bathroom was well-stocked with soaps, shampoos and towels.
However,  (1) the toilet did not flush properly; and, (2) the bathroom floors were not adequately mopped with visible residual watermarks.

My next unfortunate observation is the surrounding grounds.
Transients at the door way, most smoking and requiring I traverse a gauntlet cloud of cigarette smoke on entry and exit.

Finally, I checked out shortly before 9 am.
My flight is not scheduled until 8 pm.
As I exited, I asked to check my bags.
But, the desk is declining to hold bags.
A substantial inconvenience. 

On my next local visit, I will likely exercise an alternate option.
Stayed here on a business trip.  Very nice hotel with a great location. So much around the hotel to do and see. Nice selection of restaurants. The hotel itself is everything you would expect in a Loews Hotel and I found everything to be clean and kept neatly. My only complaint was there was dust in the bathroom that obviously has not been cleaned thoroughly for some time. The staff was friendly and helpful and made my stay pleasant. Definitely would stay here again.
My husband and I stayed at the Loews for two nights last weekend. This hotel is absolutely perfect! It's proximity to the train makes it incredibly easy to get around, but you can also walk to any/all of the main attractions. My company has also hosted events here and I never cease to be impressed with their staff. Yana is phenomenal! If you are looking for a place to relax and enjoy Philly - this is it! Make sure you stop by Reading Terminal Market across the street.
5++ stars for the gym on the 5th floor! One of the best complimentary hotel gyms I've been in!! 2 lane lap pool, spacious and bright cardio area... Great experience.

Hotel restaurant, Sole Food, was mediocre - especially for the prices. Really not impressed!! If I was rating the restaurant, this review would only get 2 stars. 

But, this rating is for the hotel. Bed was very comfortable and view from corner room on 18th floor was fantastic. Staff was courteous.
A plus for customer service. All the employees were excellent in delivering exceptional service.  The gym is not your average hotel gym.  It is a full service gym with many options and a lap pool. Will definitely book at another Loews down the road.
Stay here all the time when I am in Philly. It is my FAVORITE hotel aside from the W properties (Union Square, Hoboken, etc). The building is an old bank, so the floor to ceiling vault is still in the lobby. The decor is very modern - the lobby is beautiful with tons of seating for you & your group, along with a full wall of 4 TV monitors to watch sports/news etc. They do have waitress service from their in-house restaurant Bank & Bourbon in the lobby which is a nice touch. 

Check-in was smooth, our room wasn't ready as we arrived early, but they offered to call me & did so on my cell phone by noon even though check-in was not until 4pm. The room itself is all white, including walls, bedding, desk, dresser, with pops of color in the pillows, chair, & accessories. The greatest thing is to get a corner room on a high floor (we like the 32nd floor) - so you will have a panoramic view of the entire city including the gorgeous William Penn statue. Beds are layered in fluffy linens, bathroom is beautiful with a full tub/shower combo & marble floors. Elevators exclusive to the higher floors make it quicker to get up/down. They do have valet parking, but it is very expensive (@ $40/day), so your best bet is to look for a private garage or do what we did & leave the car at home since you can walk everywhere in downtown Philly. Location is incredible, right on Market Street between 12th & 13th Street. 1 block from Macy's, the Reading Terminal Market, several blocks from dozens of restaurants, 2 theaters, and loads of other shopping. 

Although we had a rough start with our reservation (lack of response & the general phone staff lack etiquette, manners, and customer service skills), once we got to a manager our reservation was handled as a VIP & we were taken care of from beginning to end. They even sent us up a complimentary amenity with a nice bottle of champagne, fruit, cheese & bread - great touch. Finally, the concierge staff here (headed by Joshua, with Miranda, Daniel, Matthew assisting) is second to none! They got us reservations at even the most sought after restaurants, gave me tons of information, arranged a private SUV black car to take us on a tour of all of the historical highlights & provided a list of places they suggested we see including some I had never heard of. They also even arranged a tattoo appointment for my bf - now that's FULL SERVICE!
This was the greatest disappointment of Loews Hotel I have experienced. From inadequate customer service, cleanliness to overall experience, just a disaster.
- I booked for 3 nights with an American Express, but there were no amenities the hotel could offer. Never book with them directly, book with a Travel agent or online reseller as you will get more  value. 
- Front desk utterly rude. I am used to Loews Boston being the best you can find, but here in Philadelphia seems unlikely they received the same training. They were neither knowledgeable nor helpful. 
- You can usually get information of how to contact them via text, this time none of that was given. When I tried to contact them using the text message service number I found on their website, the reply came 3 hours later. Just horrible.
- Late check out was not possible in any shape or form. Usually during covid times you get up to 3 or 4 pm, or you get the option to pay an extension. I explained to them my experience in other hotels of this same brand, and my willingness to pay but still their blank expression told me they could care less.
- The hotel was dirty. i understand it was understaff due to the times we are living, but still, it makes no excuse if you still charge the same prices for your stay. There was literally bags of trash on the halls. 
- Security was weak. At least twice there were homeless with visibly mental health issues screaming on the lobby.
- Bar service was so bad. I was looking forward to relax at the bar, understanding it had limited hours, but the bartender was on his phone and the service took ages. The chacuterie I bought (because to drink you have to buy food) it was stale and just so poorly presented.
It was depressing, to be honest. It was a celebratory weekend in a city that I was visiting for the first time and this was just the worst. 
A poor representation of what the Loews brand inspires in many other parts of the country and the world.
No hot water for a 2-day stay at $500+/night

We didn't have hot water the first morning of our stay. I complained to the front desk and they said they hadn't had any other complaints but would send someone to our room immediately to investigate. On the next morning, the water temperature was slightly better but still only lukewarm. I complained on checkout and received $100 refund. I would say my expectations for a 4-star hotel are not as high as they should be, but a hot shower is one of those things I assume I will get. For the $500+/night price tag, the refund, while appreciated, did not go nearly far enough to compensate this substantial inconvenience.
The Loews is a renovated bank, and still boasts many of the original details of the building, including an old-timey bank vault and beautiful marble throughout. I love the Art Deco styling of the building.

I've stayed here as well as attended conference proceedings here. I liked my room very much when I stayed. It had a lovely view of the city, and was comfortable and quiet. My only complaint about my stay in the hotel would be that room service was particularly overpriced, even by hotel standards. 

As a conference venue, the Loews is A-OK. I did find some of the room layouts awkward for the presentations, but that may be due to the conference organizers as much as the hotel. And of course, it was overly air-conditioned, but this is typical of any conference setting. The only aspect of the conference that I would hold against Loews specifically is the lack of clear lobby signage; it took a while to find my conference, with two others (!) taking place simultaneously in the hotel.

I would recommend the Loews for your downtown Philadelphia stay, especially if you can finagle a deal on the rate.
From getting access to certain floors for the sake of grabbing the perfect skyline shot with William Penn looking regal, to attending special events and hitting up the bar in an attempt to catch up too whatever band I went to see at the Trocadero; Loews has been a spot that I've visited in some form or other on the regular for quite some time. But its one of those spots that I've never stayed in. So after deciding to give into a Shatnered deal on Priceline I finally decided to give it a Saturday shot and was treated to an amicable experience overall.

Overall if it weren't for the front desk charging me extra for using a debit card upon check-in (even though it was perfectly able to make Visa transactions. FAIL!), I would give five stars for their shining example of amenities alone. The fitness room was packed with plenty of weightlifting equipment, treadmills, a lap pool, complimentary ice water with lemon, and then some. And Bank & Bourbon which I reviewed beforehand was a hotel bar & restaurant that went above and beyond just about every other non Four Seasons/Lacroix hotel bar & restaurant that I've experienced.

The room was comfortable while featuring a modern decor and a good desk to work and charge electronics on. And the staff that I encountered was accommodating and filled with smiles. Add in the prime Market Street location that's close to just about everything to Philly given its Septa access, and its an easy hotel to recommend.
5 stars, but mind you I had researched this (and other) hotels thoroughly and knew what to expect.  I generally prefer hotels with mini fridges, but traded that for other amenities on this trip.  Which means if you find something perishable at the Reading Terminal Market, you can't buy it :(.  Otherwise, the room was a good size, shower pressure great, and elevators without too long of a wait.  Fitness center was one of the most complete of any hotel gym I have seen.  Location good for the tourist activities.  As others mentioned, parking was $49 a night (yikes), but I won't deduct stars, as I was fully aware in advance.  If I stay in this area of Philadelphia again, I'll stay here.
Great desk staff and room service!   They made me feel welcome from day one!  I ended up staying there for over 8 months on business and I could not have been happier.

As for the other bad reviews of this being a small place - it's ancient building that was made in to a hotel, very much like other historical cities, so maybe they need to appreciate the history behind it.

Another reviewer suggested finding a hotel outside the city as their was nothing to do - true, this city shuts down pretty early.  However, if you're downtown for business, a convention or to site see at the Bell, this is the location!

A bonus - the hotel still has smoking rooms, kid friendly and also has floor designated if you bring your pet.
This hotel has average showers. Water pressure is only adequate at best. I judge hotels based solely on their showers. Please increase the water pressure.
I want to this give this place 0 stars. They do not care about their guests at all. I'm an employee there. There director of HR is Mayda. Please message and ask her what they've done for us. Nothing but put both employees and their guests at risks for covid. They deem it okay to skimp at support staff meaning multiple guests throughout the night will sit at dirty tables from previous guests during a pandemic. Let that sink in. They laid off over half their staff with no plan of hiring them back. Mayda Arditi is the HR manager. Please message her to find out why they are endangering the lives of their guests and firing any employee who speaks out against it. Frederick is the director of Food and Beverage. Please choose another establishment if you care about the health and well-being of your loved ones and the employees of this establishment.
I stayed for a business meeting and it is beautiful! Check in was super simple and staff was helpful and quick. I got there early and luckily my room was ready. 

The room, a deluxe king, was spacious and bright. If it weren't for my meetings, I would be snuggled in the king sized bed! Great view as well. 

It is located in Center City, quite literally in the middle of everything. Restaurants everywhere and a quick ride to the train station. 

I would definitely stay again.

Only complaint - the room was FREEZING and the heat took forever to come on!
I got a great rate here, so was pleasantly surprised

But the service was nearly perfect, the rooms were very nice and well cared for, and the lobby is bizarrely art deco, but kinda lovely too

The gym is pretty great too, though I could have used a hot tub
The only reason I didn't give this hotel five stars is because we went on the weekend of the Made in America Budweiser Festival and there were a few CRAZIES in town and a few were at the Loews!!! (the festival was AWESOME btw)

The hotel is classy, well done with a old fashion touch. Very sexy bar in the lobby and the rooms are well appointed and clean.

I must tell you that by far the staff, all of them, are wonderful.  EXTREMELY attentive and friendly.  I complained about some crazy neighbors that were partying a wee bit too hard and they sent up security to quiet them AND comp'd the night!! 

No drama just wanted to make sure we enjoyed our stay.  The desk provided directions to great places for breakfast and umbrellas for the rainy Philly weather.

I will return because the staff alone made it worth the return.
Nice but not amazing. 

I have stayed here twice .. decently priced (I got a rate of $180 from travelocity) but the valet cost of $25 was not cool! 

The rooms were a nice size, very clean and modern looking. 

I did not have a view but I was impressed by the bath products. 

The location is great, rooms nice and service was also good. 

But somehow I feel like you could find a better deal somewhere else.
I travel on business often, and can't remember the last time that I had to pay for internet within a "luxury" brand.  I can't stand nickel-and-diming customers.  Internet service is downright cheap.  Getting an extra $75 for my week's stay?  No thanks.
We are getting married in Philly at the end of the summer and based on TripAdvisor reviews, took the plunge and did our block of rooms there sight unseen. (We are from out of town.)

Luckily we were able to take a trip this past weekend to stay at the hotel and were pleasantly surprised! There was a conference going on (it is a giant hotel FWIW) but it was very clean and modern. Staff was friendly & able to accommodate a slightly early check-in and a slightly later check-out. Parking is $49/day but that is typical for the area.

We didn't dine here but they have 24 hour room service, a restaurant, a lap pool where kids can splash and a small gym. They also have some pet-friendly room. 

Maybe favorite part was the La Colombe pop-up in the lobby where we could get great cold brew, a pastry and then a fancy granola bar, Tweezerman Tweezers, a face mask...lots of cool things in this little shop!

The room was a fair size and spotless. The king size bed was comfortable. Great A/C, shower pressure & all the basic amenities you could want.

The location was great near restaurants, parks, etc.

We were very pleased and look forward to coming back in a few weeks for our wedding!!
I recently stayed at the Loews Hotel for two nights with a wedding party. I was looking forward to staying at the Loews. All in all the hotel was nice but there was nothing that wowed me. Okay.. some of the views of the city were spectacular. 

Positives: 
- The room had a modern decor and was immaculately clean. 
- The mattresses, pillows and blankets were all comfortable and I felt like I was in my own bed. 
- There is a Keurig in each room for fresh brewed coffee. 
- The staff was helpful and even helped clean and decorate the hotel room of the bride and groom with rose petals, champagne and chocolate covered strawberries while the couple was at the reception. 
- Great location in the heart of Center City.
- Did I mention the views? 

Negatives: 
- Breakfast not included (not even continental). Maybe I'm cheap but it's nice when breakfast is included. One less meal to pay for when visiting from out of town.
- No refrigerator in the room. Since breakfast is not included I like to bring my own food but I could not count on a refrigerator. When I called ahead and asked the hotel staff about a fridge they told me that they could bring one to the room if it was available and there would be an extra charge. 
- Parking $42 a night with tax and fees. There are other lots within a few blocks ranging from $16-$20 a day. Park there instead.
- The bride's decorative hanger (wooden hanger with her new last name inscribed) went missing. The hotel cleaning staff must have taken the hanger during the clean up of the room. There were wooden hangers in the hotel closet so I hope that they took it by accident. This hanger was clearly nicer than the hotel hangers, had an inscription and even a decorative bow. We searched far and wide and the hanger is still MIA. 
- No fan in the bathroom. I shared a room with 3 other bridesmaids and a fan would have been nice to have in the bathroom while getting ready. 
- Early check-in not guaranteed. Sometimes hotels let you check in early and I completely understand that this can't always be done. When I inquired about early check-in the hotel staff told me to that they could only let me know if early check-in was available when I arrived at the hotel, not over the phone. Why arrive to a hotel early when there is no guarantee that you can get into a room? 

Growing up right outside the city I haven't had too many hotel experiences in Philly. I wouldn't be opposed to staying at the Loews in the future but it also would not be my first choice.
Stayed here for a wedding, and was definitely disappointed with the quality of the rooms and accommodations for the price. You definitely are NOT paying for the hotel itself but for the location (which is great for walking to many attractions here). 

Pros: 
- location 

Cons: 
- crazy expensive parking... $50 a night!
- no breakfast included
- TERRIBLE curtains. They don't close all the way and they don't cover the edges. We were wide awake every morning at sunrise with the room flooded with light. You won't sleep much here. 
- no free water in the room 
- keycards for the rooms are constantly malfunctioning and deactivating. We had to have ours swapped out for new ones 3 times during our stay.
My friend and I were visiting Philadelphia for the weekend for a conference at the nearby convention center. We were booking  a hotel relatively last minute, and Loews Hotel had a good weekend deal on their website. The deal provided free parking and several vouchers for museum tickets and restaurants-- perfect for those visiting Philly for a weekend trip! 

Our experience at the Loews was exceptional, and we had a great time. The hotel was modern and updated, and the room was absolutely beautiful. We had a wonderful view of the city too! Customer service at the Loews went above and beyond my expectations. From the day we arrived, they were very warm and welcoming. Even when I accidentally left some items behind in the room, they shipped them free of charge back to me without delay! 

I also enjoyed the fitness center which was spacious and equipped with Peloton bikes, weights, and all the equipment you would need for a good workout. 

I highly recommend the Loews for anyone who wants to stay at a hotel that's walking distance from the convention center. While the Marriott across the street is conveniently attached to the convention center itself, Loews offers a hip, modern, new alternative at the same price!
If you are used to the quality of Loews Hotels in other cities, you will be disappointed in the Philadelphia location. I'm not saying that overall service was horrible but I certainly didn't feel like I was in a luxury hotel. This location needs a facelift, pronto. On one hand it has a slight charm with the 1920's feel of the building, but you can see major signs of wear and tear throughout the hotel, especially in the rooms. It was clean and the service was just okay, but I definitely would expect better from a Loews Hotel, especially for the price of the stay.
So far, so good. We've been here one night out of two and can't complain. Check in was easy and fast and friendly. We asked for a room with a view and that was no problem. Had only one bag she can't speak to bell service. The doorman also greeted us warmly. 

Room is decorated in a modern style in white, black and red. Comfortable beds and pillows and nice duvets. Large bathroom, well appointed with toiletries.  Coffee maker in room. We don't touch the mini bar. 

Had dinner downstairs at Bank & Bourbon. Going food. Good service.  

Hopefully check out with be just as easy. 

Great location can walk to many places.  Reading terminal market is just down the block. Don't miss that.
"Let's go Phillies! Let's go Phillies" is what I heard for most of the night for the first night.  I arrived at the hotel about an hour after the Phillies had won the World Series and downtown Philadelphia was hosting a beer-soaked but good-natured riot.  The Lowe's, which is conveniently located in downtown Philly, was right in the thick of it.  

I stayed here for business and I really liked this hotel.  I had room service a few times and aside from the outrageous prices (isn't all room service that way?) the food was very good and well presented.  The staff was courteous and helpful and the room was impeccably clean and comfortable.

The best part?  The pool!  For any of you swimmers or triathletes out there, THIS is the place to stay in Philadelphia.  The 20 meter pool (which is admittedly a little short) is well-maintained and in a nice sunny room.  The gym (which I didn't use) also seems very bright and large, and not at all like the dim, dank, windowless gyms that I've seen at other hotels.  

Unfortch, I didn't see Michael Phelps in the pool.  But I did see Shane Victorino getting interviewed in the restaurant lounge!  I'll be staying here again.
Loews Philadelphia gets all my stars and I don't think I had one complaint during my entire stay. All the staff was really accommodating. When we checked in, we were originally put in a double room and asked to instead be put in a queen - not a problem, not even a hint of attitude. We called guests services about 38947239 times to request more pillows (ended up with 15 total) and each time, the person at the other end of the phone was chipper, and even gracious to send up more pillows. And concierge was very sweet and helpful, directing us to a good brunch spot as well as doing some research for me on what places would be open during Labor day and offering some suggestions on how to spend the day. 

Beyond the staff, the hotel itself was super swanky and I liked the sleek and modern decor. The hotel is a converted bank and was really cool and trendy throughout. Everything was clean which is muy importante and my #1 qualifier with hotels, and our room was spacious with some nice pluses like super comfy robes that I couldn't get enough of, a decent blow dryer (not those shitty travel size ones that most hotels have) and lighted make-up mirror, PLUS two extra mirrors outside of the bathroom! I don't think people realize how much weight those extra mirrors hold. It wasn't the case in this instance, but if you ever have multiple girls in one hotel room, multiple mirrors are a lifesaver! Overall the room was great -- especially compared to the Marriott across the street. We were invited into a double room there for a short bit and the place was poop compared to the Loews. 

The location was also a win. You are right in the center of everything (view from the top floor is amazing), and lots of the obligatory touristy stuff is within a short walking distance. Liberty Bell, Magic Gardens, Love Park, etc etc. are all withing a 10-20 min walk, and Reading Terminal market is pretty much steps outside the hotel. There are plenty of restaurants and shopping too, so all your needs are covered in the close  vicinity. 

Like most reviewers have already mentioned, parking here is stupid expensive and we parked like a block away for 3nights/4days for a total of $51. 

Oh and I thought of one complaint. The pool. Not that Philly is really a destination where one would typically think of relaxing by a pool, but this one was pretty lame. Its an indoor, two-lane lap pool, definitely not something to lounge at... and there is no hot tub :(  there is however a pretty good gym (or so it looked). 

Anyway, the Loews definitely gets my vote!
This will be short and sweet because I can't comment on the rooms/staying there, I've only been for board meetings in their conference rooms. But I can say this, they put out a nice spread for breakfast and lunch, and the staff is always on top of things. If we need something cleaned up or the internet connection is not working, they are there in a jiffy to fix it. Top notch facilities for sure.
Stayed here for one night during a short trip to Philly. Loews is right in the center of everything so it's a great place to set up a home base. The rooms are nice but not as large as what i'd expected for a corner room. The bathroom was huge!

Can't comment on the the room-service or the restaurant/bar in the lobby because I didn't use them. The only negative was that the area by the lobby bathrooms smelled RANK. I know bathrooms aren't supposed to smell like peaches and dandelions but it smelled like it was neglected for a while. It was quite drafty so the smell was working its way around the entire lobby.

Half a block from the Reading Terminal Market, three blocks from City Hall, two blocks from Walnut St. (shopping strip to Rittenhouse Square), 6-7 blocks from the Liberty Center. There are other hotels in the area too so Loews isn't the ONLY option.

Only negative is $38 for parking overnight. I didn't even use the car.

I'd stay here again.
Pet-friendly hotel alert!  They even gave us an adorable little pet kit that had food bowls, a mat, some treats, and a waste-baggie dispenser for her walks.  So sweet!  The staff was amazing! Friendly and attentive without feeling fake.  

Note to people who mind the budget: do NOT park in the valet attached to the hotel.  $45 a night after taxes? Are you INSANE?  Luckily, we were directed across the street to public parking for a much more reasonable $17 a night.  

Bed and bedding was very comfortable, there was plenty of space in the room for our dog to wander around, and the bathroom didn't feel cramped. The gym is a behemoth for a hotel gym!  

Negatives are a teeny tiny bathtub, a teeny tiny pool that should NOT be designated as a lap pool, and kind of strange "views".  I only mention the views because I paid for an upgrade that included a nicer view and what I got was a friendly look into the inner workings of an office cubicle.  Also, we had a corner room that looks like it was divided into two rooms after previously being a suite.  It had this strange outer door that slammed when people enter/exit and it startled me awake more than once.  I will say when I woke up for the third round of the door slam, I went downstairs and requested that my upgrade fee be removed.  They happily obliged.

All in all, I would definitely stay here again because the staff was so helpful and the bed comfortable... but I will be more choosy about my room next time.
The views are quite nice in this hotel.  

But for 4 or 5 stars or whatever they're touting, this isn't it.  The only thing that would garner that many stars is the view.  The room is quite spartan, like any holiday inn I've stayed at.  The fabric on the sheets were nice though.  But for the most part, I was not impressed by the room at all.  It was very basic, which wasn't what I was expecting.  I'll look to stay somewhere else in the future.
top notch experince! if u are looking to stay somewhere classy go here!!! i had a great room with amazing views of the city!!! the bed was so comfy! everything was very clean. and the retro look - love it - i felt like i was back in the 20s. and there were lots of little things the staff did for us that were extra special.
