When you first enter the hotel, you see a rack of bike helmets ready for use.  Then it was 45 stairs up to the 4th floor.  I realize it's good for you, but I grew to quickly dislike the walk-up, especially after walking from Amtrak, wandering the city and finally arriving at the hotel to look at all of the stairs between me and a shower.  A heavy backpack didn't help.

We stayed in Ben.  It's a beautiful room and mostly everything has been thought of to make your stay excellent.  The view from the top floor shows the very top spires of BF Bridge.  At night, it was especially pretty.  Straight out, the view is the back of other residences / decks.  There is also a high-rise that looks down into Ben.  Life in the city.  Several windows panes were broken.  I'm not sure if someone tried to open the sealed windows, but the owner was unaware of the damage.

Everything in the unit is wired up - great if you're tech literate - otherwise, you may have to spend some time (30 minutes and 2 calls to the "receptionist") re-working what a previous guest did.  The unit was immaculate.  The bedding and pillows were VERY comfortable.  The bathroom is large and well-stocked.  Loved the beer shampoo and conditioner and the black pepper shower gel.  An extra towel bar in the bathroom would be useful.  The concrete sink and reclaimed wood vanity are gorgeous!!

The kitchen was well-stocked and they had good coffee, a variety of sugars and a little half & half to start your day.  I had a BAD experience with an electric cooktop (I didn't realize it was hot and stuck to it) so I avoided that like the plague.

All in all, LokalHotel is a great place!!  It has everything.  Great location, well-stocked, immaculate, wired up.  The big negatives were spending 30 minutes having to figure out what a previous guest did to completely botch up the tv and ascending / descending 45 steps several times (sometimes with backpacks, water, wine, etc.).
Oh-my! The stay at Lokal Hotel exceeded my expectations 100%. I had a wonderful staycation in one of the city's most chic areas such as Olde City.

My partner and I were looking for a weekend celebration. I checked the website a week before making a reservation. There was no availability for some reason. Assumed that with the NFL draft going on in the city, every possible place was booked. I decided not to give up and to call the number. Lokal Hotel had been on my list for quite some time as I fell in love with all of the Instagram posts I had seen in the past weeks. Courtney responded to my phone call. I asked for a one bedroom. She said that she does have something available. She gave me the quote and I did do the reservation on the spot. Courtney, then, followed with an email outlining all that was needed for our stay. 

There's no front desk here. You're given a code to get in the main entrance and another, easy to remember, code for your room. There are only 6 units in the whole building. We stayed in the WILL Room. The taste and minimalistic design of the room is on point. Loved every detail of it. It also made quite of an impression on my partner. I'm glad it did as this was a birthday present. The room has anything that you need. Because it was facing the eastern side, it was also very quiet. The room had a queen bed, a sofa, a full kitchen, bright white bathroom, and laundry. Oh and there were also yoga mats! What complimented this stay very well was the total vibe based on the support for local business. 

As I have mentioned in my previous reviews, I'm all about supporting small business, women owned businesses, small shops, and anything else in between. The meaning of local is all over the unit. The kitchen was fully stocked with the most delicious teas, coffee, and a full drawer with spices which I am sure was from a local store I have to yet find out. The mini bar had the most beautiful arrangement with items from a store right across the street, Art in the Age. Hand soap and shampoos from the store of Steve Duross (Duross & Langel) in the heart of the city. Items from United by Blue and many books to enjoy while you relax.

I could go on and on about the simply PERFECT stay I had. My boyfriend thanked me for the idea many times. We saved travel time and enjoyed the most delicious food at High Street on Market and Bibou for dinner and brunch at Wedge + Fig and Cafe Ole. If you're visiting and don't like tourist traps, read the manual in the room and also check the tablet on the wall for all of the recommendations. We definitely got lost as a boss in our own city. Way to go, Lokal!
Loved it here! I won 50% off a weekday stay thanks to a giveaway the hotel was doing on IG so I grabbed a few friends and stayed there on a Thursday night. We stayed in the Tina room (2 beds + bathtub) and I HIGHLY recommend it! When we first got in there we were screaming at how cute everything was and couldn't stop taking pictures. Can't wait to come back and spend a full weekend here - the full kitchen + W/D + incredible environment makes it the peeeerfect place to go if you really want to relax and feel at home. Their Sonos set-up with Spotify was a fun plus. (Like, we had plans to go out to eat but ended up ordering delivery just so we could hang in the room longer.) So pumped this place is in Philly.
A really wonderful experience. Why stay at the Lowes or something like that when you can have a full apartment in the middle of Old City? No detail was too small for them to consider and it really made our trip to Philly a special one.
Lokal Hotel was brought to my attention by my favorite blog (SFgirl) and since my girlfriend and I were overdue for some away time, we decided that the Hotel seemed lovely enough to warrant a trip from NYC to Philly. 
In addition to the fact that the customer service, before we even arrived, was exemplary, the place itself was absolutely​ PERFECT. The quality of the furnishings, the interior design, the attention to detail and to our every need. 
It was so good that we actually canceled​ our evening plans and decided we were so much happier staying in our gorgeous studio, ordering from one of the great neighborhood restaurants and listening to music on the excellent sound system. I would stay in a Lokal hotel in every city I visit​, if there was one. And we are already planning our next visit. We might even consider leaving our studio the next time. But not for too long.
I absolutely loved staying here. I stayed in the Will room, and it was gorgeous: spacious, airy, beautifully decorated, great kitchen features. The rooms are even nicer than they seem online, and the neighborhood is so cute. When I stayed at Lokal, I was really sick and stuck alone in the city, and the staff could not have been kinder or more helpful: they let me check in early, check out a little late, and would even call my phone to let me know when food deliveries had arrived--someone was always around. Really could not recommend this place more!
We recently stayed at Lokal for 2 nights this past weekend, in BILLY.

First - the decor is exactly as shown all over social media, and the internet. Minimal, beautiful, and very chic. Loved all the small details, the neutral colors and interior decor was well thought out, all the amenities were very top notch as well. We have told everyone thus far, that Lokal has been the nicest place we have stayed in Philly.

We loved the hands-off/no concierge approach. We generally stay in luxe airbnb's so this was a very similar concept and it was perfect for what we are used to. 

The neighborhood is very quiet at night time, which is also a plus. There is not so much to do in the exact surrounding area but if you venture out of old city you can find many things to do. The owner has a guidebook for those that have never really visited Philly, or need ideas - this was a cute touch. We have been to Philly, and knew where to go and what to but... most things we enjoy doing in Philly, I noticed were in this guidebook! 

The reason I have to only provide 3 stars are for these two things: the A/C was one of the crappiest A/C units we have ever had to use - yes, it was quiet but 2 things: 1) we were staying during a heatwave, upon arrival the A/C was off (which is totally ok, I get being energy efficient but the room was SWELTERING and it was a heatwave)... 2) we followed the directions to the T on how to use the A/C remote/unit...  it was blowing out lukewarm air at first and didn't sound like it was on but we figure it just needed to be on a little bit for it to fully kick on, as it was almost 100 degrees outside and maybe the unit had been off for a while prior. So, we left and went about our evening. We got back and the room was a tad cooler but nothing completely different, and again figured it just needed time to cool the room. We went to sleep, both my GF and I woke up due to overheating, and we both realized the A/C was off... at this point we figured maybe it was a timer or something... so AGAIN we followed the directions on the remote and turned the A/C on again - this time it made a little noise so we figured it was finally working. Upon waking up, it seemed slightly cooler so we went about our day that day. Again, another 90+ degree day, humid and hot. Upon our arrival back to the room, the A/C was off yet again... so we put it on one final time but it didn't blow out COLD air, only lukewarm air. We let it blow like that for about an hour or two to see if maybe it was going to cool down...  Luckily, the heatwave broke into a rain storm and we were able to open the windows for some fresh air the remainder of our trip/night. 

The second reason I have to give 3 stars is the Billy room is the 1st room going up the stairs, and although in theory it is nice you don't have to walk up all the stairs at night time there were tons of people running up and down the stairs laughing really loud on our 2nd night for a long period of time. I'm not sure if they were running up and down the stairs but that's what it sounded like. We almost got out of bed, to ask if they could stop playing in the stairwell at one point. This is not the owner's fault as they do mention a strict noise policy after a certain time. 

Overall, we have agreed we may try it out again on our next trip to Philly (as we go to Philly often) but may need to request a different room next time.
Could I be anymore obsessed with this hotel? Located in Philadelphia's Old City, the Lokal Hotel melds mid-century design with minimalist decor and great tech features. I stayed in the Ben. It was a studio loft with an Instagram worthy view of the Ben Franklin Bridge. 

The room came equipped with a washer/dryer, dishwasher, coffee maker, oven, and a tv with a Sonos sound bar hooked up to the in-room iPad. The hotel owners must have banked on guests becoming obsessed with the decor and design: a convenient leather-bound coffee book detailed where the toiletries and room furnishings were sourced.

Upon booking my stay I got an email asking my coffee and creamer preferences (medium roast: half and half). Lo and behold both were awaiting me upon check-in. Check-in btw was keyless. They text you the code for entering the hotel and the room. The rooms are wired to play music through an iPad (mounted to a wall), and Netflix is ready for binge watching.

I wanted to move in after a one night stay. My poor boyfriend would have had to move to Philadelphia if the snow hadn't cut my visit short. I don't know if I just got lucky they had space. This place is one of the most amazing boutique hotels. After all, why stay at an overpriced stuffy hotel when you could have your own hipster loft in Philly?
We recently stayed two nights at the Lokal hotel, in the room Louisa. Here are my thoughts:

Decor is really clean and minimal. We liked the spaciousness of the 2 bed / 1.5 bath for the most part. Kitchen is nicely stocked with dishes and a coffee maker, soap and a cute dishwasher. But here's the problem: the second half bath is tiny...you can't even really wash your hands in the sink without water flying everywhere and there is nowhere to put anything. So all 4 of us used the larger bathroom, which was okay but not ideal. 

A note to be prepared to walk up 4 flights of stairs with your luggage. This wasn't an issue for us but may be for people who can't navigate steps easily.

There is no front desk but the owner / property manager is responsive and happy to help, which is nice. Originally we asked for a 1pm checkout for work reasons but this was denied. Ultimately they gave us an extra half hour which was appreciated as my husband was on work calls all morning. 

Neighborhood is nice and relatively close to everything. No need for a car, although we had one and appreciated the nearby parking lot.

The three star rating is for the following reasons:

1. Fridge was broken and froze all of our food. The microwave was also malfunctioning and it took an eternity to try to heat up our frozen food! The owner was responsive and offered to send someone out to fix it but we decided to live with it rather than try to coordinate a handyman in our already tight schedule.

2. $1,084 w/tax for two nights is quite high in my opinion, considering the lack of amenities, the malfunctioning appliances, and the fact that the 1/2 bath was really unusable. 

Overall the Lokal was a nice little adventure from our normal hotel stays!
What you see (online) is way less than what you actually get. I am blown away! The spot is so quaint, cozy, modern, efficient that I haven't even wanted to leave the building. I feel like I am at home. We are off of a busy street but its so quiet i feel I am back in the suburbs!
The owners have been attentive and helpful all the way around, beginning with my questions prior to booking. Although there was a snafu with my door lock....everything has been smooth sailing. 
It was easy to access the building from the street. Not far from the parking. 
The finishing touches and personal notes are the icing on the cake. From the bath salts, oil/vinegar, alcohol mixers to coffee I feel like i am being pampered and I am.very glad we didnt get a traditional hotel for this Philly stay. 
They've fot a LOYAL customer at LOKAL.
