Plenti or whatever "the boss is" just denied me a room due to a disclosure they wanted to read to me 3xs. I am a business professional driving a 150k car and these pricks are disrespectful?
I couldn't complete my reservation online, for some reason. I call the local number, and the person in essence tells me I'm lying telling him the room (one queen bed) and rate I got online. I called the 800 number and got the room he said was not available at the rate advertised online. Turned out he was lying.

I arrived about 2 hours later. The staff behind the counter was very upset about there working conditions, telling each other about the poor state of the hotel. One had not worked there long, the other was back after working here 3 years ago and noted things seemed to be "as bad as they were 3 years ago." Both indicated they were looking to get another job elsewhere. Oh, and why were they frustrated? At the moment, the internet was down, among other problems.

So, an hour later the internet seems to be working again, but it is clear to me this place is very poorly managed.

Everything others seem to say is spot on. Next time, I'll spend $10 to stay at a neighboring hotel.

----

Just left. Updating my review. My 4:30 am shuttle left to the airport before 4:30, so had to be called back by the desk clerk. (Their clock and my iPhone read 4:29 when I asked for the shuttle--yes, I was pushing it.)

The seat on the chair for the desk was not attached to the chair. When I lifted it to push the chair in, the seat fell to the ground.

Worst: the safety latch (I went to lock as I was going to sleep) had been torn off the door. 

Yeah. Don't go here. The staff knew what was up.
WHAT A DUMP!!!! I'd leave -5 stars if I could. This was the only available hotel after a night of flight delays and cancellations and I'd rather have slept on the ground in the airport. It was the absolute most disgusting hotel I've ever stayed in. The outside looked really nice, like most Microtels do. However the inside looked like a place that you'd take a $50 crack or meth whore. I'm not exaggerating! The floors were filthy, the doors were worn, cracked, and flimsy. The bathroom sink had black stuff peeling coming up from the drain every time we turned on the sink. I could go on and on but I don't have all  day.
DO NOT STAY HERE! Do yourself a favor and find another hotel.
Can I give zero stars? I have spent about 20 total minutes in this place and have had to have 3 rooms. My first room was infested with ants. Changing rooms was easy. We went and put our stuff down in our new room and went to eat. When we got back, our new room had a broken door. The front desk person sent me up 3 times to try a new key and none worked. Finally, he had me watch the front desk while he went to get our door open to get our stuff that was locked in... For real. Before he left, someone tried to get in the door. He picked up the intercom and yelled, "no rooms" three times before he hung up on them and said "f*** you" after he phone was down. 

He left to go up to the room and had me watch the front desk. My travel companion said he tried his key several times saying "Jesus Christ. F***" after every time. He finally got in.

Luckily, we are in our third room here with our things. Each room got progressively cleaner and less weird smelling. There is only one pubic hair in the shower.

I wish this was made up, but this is my current situation.

Update: we checked out because a bed bug crawled out from under the sheets 

When I got the final check out page, it had my info, but someone else credit card info. I paid through hotels.com. This invoice says MasterCard with a number. I don't even have a MasterCard. Shady.
Bedbug warning! I was initially not going to write a post about it because the night staff was very sympathetic to the problem we faced (and will face to prevent taking any of these critters home). Bedbugs happen to all hotels, it's hard to prevent, but it's how they handle the problem is my concern. The night staff was very accommodating. We phoned front desk at around midnight after waking up from the pain and itch. Immediately we caught a bug in the sheets, and then a larger one on a far side wall. This is a room on the 2nd fl. The staff gave us a room on the 1st floor on the opposite side of the building, and said we would get a full refund--honest business practice. I thought I could trust the management to handle the problem quietly, hence my reserve on writing a damning review that could hurt their business and possibly someone's livelihood. We immediately went on a drive around town in the dead of night getting large trash bags to put our belongings in and getting them to be laundromat to heat treat everything. Needless to say our night was not restful and we still have items left to sterilize. I just wanted to get out of there asap, but when I checked out after the sun came up, the morning staff informed us we will not be getting the refund. The money is not the biggest concern, I'm sure our credit card company will give us back our credit when we give them a call. But because of this dishonest behavior now, I don't trust them to take care of the problem properly, and I hope I can warn some of you can save you the trouble we went through. We made the mistake of not looking at Yelp first. Pictures to follow.
No no no. Do not go here. Unlike any other Microtel. Absolutely horrible. From the front desk attendant to the room.
1. Poor Service and rude
2. Hallways signs say no smoking but hallways smell like a smoking bar. 
3. Stale, Dingy smell in room. 
4. Old 1990's tv. 
5. Go ahead and take a look at mattress, looks way older than 8 years old. 
6. Blanket had a burn hole probably from cigarette. 
7. Overall room is outdated and in need of upgrade. 

Only positive is bathroom was fairly clean and the proximity to the airport to fly far, far away. 
*I'm taking the bullet for you guys, pay the little extra and go to HAMPTON INN next door.
I had reserved 2 nights when I flew into PHL. When I arrived, with a confined reservation, they told me my reservation was cancelled because my "credit card was declined". Nope. It was not declined. After some back and forth with the desk clerk, I was given the keys to a smelly, musty room. It was unpleasant. The room smelled so strongly of disinfectant I was gagging. There were no other rooms available. If it wasn't so late at night I would have walked out. 

The entire hotel was dirty and smelled. The elevator was filthy. The "breakfast" was a joke. Warm milk for cereal, stale bread and dirty counters. I walked down for breakfast and decided not to take my chances. 

I had to travel to Lancaster for a meeting and while I was driving I got a call from the desk clerk asking why my stuff was still in the room. I reserved TWO NIGHTS! Ridiculous. 

I'd never stay there again. Try the Hampton Inn next door. At least they have standards in cleanliness and customer service.
If you look at my rating history, I rarely can hotels or other establishments, but this was one of the worst hotels that I visited in some time.  They took major advantage of all of the their customers in every which way.  The hotel is fairly remote from everything in Philadelphia (except for the hotel), so there's not much in the vicinity.  I know I'll get flack for it, but South Philadelphia is not the type of place for idling cruising, so it makes sense to stay put if you're there.  The hotel takes major advantage of cancelled flights and hustles customers quickly out of their money as the situation arises.

I was working in South Philadelphia on business for several business days, so I feel my review is accurate and fair of the culmination of events seen (not just one bad night).

When checking in, I had booked the room to take a particular rate aligned with Wyndham Rewards.  The hotel clerk promptly changed that to a different rate.  I questioned him about the difference and he claimed ignorance.  I showed examples (from travelling in the Wyndham system) of one rate versus another, and he again claimed ignorance of this rate difference.  I put a formal complaint into Wyndham Rewards as this hotel is not complying with their system. 

I asked about restaurants in the area, and the manager purposely left out the Ruby Tuesday's which was in walking distance of the hotel.  The clerk mentioned the Wawa (large gas station) or going into the city, but not the restaurant next door.

I was on the first floor, and the hotel was quite noisy.  Even in the cold temperatures of February 2014, they kept the front doors blocked open which promoted the noise into the night, and made no efforts to keep rowdy customers quiet.  There was a gaggle of various people in the lobby which did not look like residents of the hotel, but friends of co-workers at the hotel watching the t.v.; I did not feel safe to look away from my laptop bag or belongings in this area for one moment.  

The room itself was clean, and the room turnover by the cleaning staff was quick.  I do have to give credit for that.

The breakfast was quite sparse which shouldn't be a situation except there is nothing else in the area.  In short, you get to select from toast or cereal for $100; I have been to many other Microtel establishments with much more selection for less money.

Don't order from Nick's Pizza as advertised everywhere in the hotel.  The order took 90 minutes to arrive and tasted like a 70-minute old batch of cheese steak and fries.  

There are several hotels in the area for a couple bucks more.  If you splurge $10 more, it will be a good investment instead of throwing your money away here.
My dad wanted to extend his business trip, so he booked a hotel room here. The inexpensive semi clean room for $59.99 + $9.30 for tax which was per night. The hotel was in a convient location, near the Philadephia Airport. He booked the room via Booking.com. 

The breakfast served was adequate and the front desk staff and the housekeepers were also friendly enough to get through the stay. The room he recieved was alright, it wasn't anything special. The hotel is located near easy access to public transportation, such as the train station. However, the area in which the hotel is in is not the best, you can see from the outside that it is in a empty looking neighborhood.

I would stay here again if the price was similar or perhaps even the same. It was the cheapest he could find, compared to the other hotels nearby.
This place is a piece of shit I am staying right now the only good thing it's close to the airport other then that it's a shit hole
About a mile from the airport,  this hotel is the perfect place for an overnight stay.  Bed was comfy and room was clean.  The t.v was out dated but I didn't even turn it on.  Guy at front desk was very nice & helpful.  I am traveling to S.C so we were able to park our car at the hotel for only a fee of $7.95 a night.  They provided us with a free shuttle that runs 24 hrs a day every 30 mins. 
    Continental bfast- mehh... Oj & coffee weren't great but apple juice was ok.  Bagels were gd and they had a few selections of cereal. 
   Overall i had a good experience.
This place was just 100% redecorated, and beautiful! Look at my pictures! This is, by far, the best deal in the Philly Airport area. For this price you normally get garbage. 

I am very happy with my decision. Hopefully we will be just as happy with the University of Pennsylvania tomorrow on our visit.
Three of us shared a room for one night in two queen-sized beds.  We checked in about 8:00 PM on December 31st and the male employee on duty was horrendous.  He was rude and abrupt.  Later, while waiting for someone in the lobby, I watched and listened to him have a conversation on the phone at the front desk, in front of guests, dropping the f-bomb to god knows who.

Early the next morning, while I was grabbing a stale bagel and burned coffee, another guest, out of the blue, started engaging me about how awful the service was the night before.  Apparently, everyone noticed how unpleasant this man was.

The actual hotel felt rundown.  The room looked shabby and outdated.  The wall that the beds were against was, no joke, lined in mirrors- weeeeeird.  The Wifi didn't work and the TV was a grainy boxy thing from 1990s.

I would avoid this hotel in the future.
Being close to the airport is only good thing about this hotel.  Horribly decorated rooms. Small, old televisions in room with tacky mirrors everywhere. Broken fire detector. There is no pool. Our bath barely drains. We're in a room with two adults and two kids and they only give us two bath towels. We have to go to front desk and ask for extra towels every day to ask for more. Terrible "breakfast" offerings. Cereal, toast, package muffins and that's it. Don't waste your money on this place!
If I could give this no stars I would! This place is awful. Dirty smells like smoke and not to mention our neighbors have been so loud! We called the front desk and they did nothing about it. DO NOT STAY HERE!!
Where can I start, the hotel is infested with bed bugs. I woke up in the middle of the night itching and couldn't sleep went to the bathroom and find out I had some bites. I thought it as some sort of allergic  reaction, got up again and look around the bed and found a bed bug.  I freaked out.  I will never come back to this place. This is what happen when you cheap out. I came to the front desk spoke with somebody and he it can happen anywhere. He grabbed the manager and the manager said there is nothing he can't do, and just because there is bed bugs in one room doesn't mean there is bed bugs in every room. We were checking in early and the guy still want to charge us for 2 night when obviously we won't stay here for another night !!!!! This place doesn't deserve any starts at all.
This place is terrible. I would have had a better experience sleeping on the floor of the airport.
So I'm typically sensible with reviews. I notice some people gripe about small rooms (It's a freaking MICROTEL), or it being "Indian-owned" (as though that should matter), so lets get down to the basics.

As far as a "rest your head" hotel, this place is nice. There's a shuttle to/from the airport, and as mentioned there's a train station right around the corner. Super-convenient for making trips to downtown or heading elsewhere after a brief rest.

The expected: It's a Microtel. Don't expect a lavish room with a whole bunch of space. It's the cheapest hotel near the airport that I found, so expectations should be set as such.

The unexpected (and unfortunate negatives): The pillows feel like an overstuffed bag of clothes. The vending machine is broken "Use Correct Change" apparently means "not accepting money". So, you'll want to go get snacks at the WaWa a short walk away. But, don't get anything cold, because there's nothing to stow it in.

This definitely isn't a place I'll be staying again. In fact, I'm thankful that I booked a different hotel for my trip back through to the Airport next week. Find somewhere else and spend the extra $20-$40 if you can. If not....it's tolerable.
Microtel has everything you need... except wifi. But I'll get to that.

I usually don't understand why most chain hotel rooms are so huge. All I'm going to do there is sleep and maybe shower. Microtel offers reasonably sized rooms for a price that's... well, reasonable, for an airport hotel. It's cozy and cute and you'll sleep well. The hotel doesn't have anything like a pool or spa, but it's an airport hotel, so you won't have time to use those anyway. Clean, comfortable, safe.

On the other hand, the hotel advertises wifi, but the network is too slow to be usable (think greater than 1-second ping times to Google). I wish they just wouldn't advertise it if they can't keep their network functional.

Likewise, the continental breakfast is about the lowest rung for hotel breakfasts -- straight-up refined carbohydrates, bad coffee, and "juice" that's really flavored sugar water. It's calories, but not much beyond that.

Even so, it's a great option if you just want to sleep and don't want to waste money on what you don't need!
I am giving this hotel a 3 and thats only for the cleanliness and good breakfast. I booked this hotel due to going to a football game and since it was New Years Eve I knew I would not want to drive home. When we arrived I thought wow this is a nice hotel. It was in a safe location and looked very clean. When we checked in we were greeted and checked in immediately. We were not charged for early check in which was nice. We were told that we ordered a handicapped unit, which I must have accidentally hit that on my reservation but was very confused. He said the only difference was a bigger shower. I was okay with that. I had run out to the car to get my luggage and when I came back in there was a long line of people checking in & a different counter person. This person was screaming at the customers telling them they can only use cash and if they have a credit card they will have to cancel the reservation. I was shocked as no-one in line was carrying on so not sure what targeted this man to scream. 
We arrived to the room and it was very nice. The beds were big and very spacious. I did see there was no microwave or refrigerator which was a concern because the description on hotels.com was that these things were included. The hotel seemed quiet until about 9:00pm, this is when the hotel turned into a fraternity house. People were screaming up & down the hallway. The room above me kept stomping so hard on the floor and screaming so loud, it sounded like a construction zone. I called down to the front office 3 times and was told they were taking care of it. Around 3:00am I had enough and went down to the front desk. There was no one there but a few customers and a pizza guy waiting. After we all started complaining a man in the breakfast area who had been standing there for the entire time turned around and said oh can I help you. I explained whats going on and he said he would go handle it and walked up stairs. He did not handle it. I think i got 1 hour of sleep. The breakfast is in the morning is good and room is very clean. I really think they need to reevaluate the office staff and this hotel would be perfect.
Horrible excuse of a hotel, total Mess !
Would have walked next door to The Hampton Inn, if I could have gotten a refund.
Go ANYWHERE else ...
Not clean and very old. The sheets on my bed had stains and hair-not mine, and no comforter only sheets. I slept on top. I had booked my hotel online and upon check out front desk staff seemed to be charging me $30 more than what I booked online. When I asked for an itemized receipt the man became very defensive and refused to give me a copy. After I walked away he reluctantly printed me off something that had no numbers on it. Just an odd experience.
Oh this place is bad,  sleeping outside would have been more pleasant.  The bad-  very small room with stained up weird day bed type bed by the window,  loud air conditioner,  dirty carpet,  1980s TV, awful breakfast with cartons of milk sitting out in buckets of melting ice,  spills everywhere,  how do you mess up the coffee,  but they did!  The only positive here was the free on time airport shuttle.
Made a reservation for my 20 something daughter who's flight was delayed overnight. I paid via credit card got the confirmation number told that would be what sheet needed. She got there. Nope she had to also pay. Then the room was gross dirty and people where fighting and cursing in the hallway. Nope double payment and total uncomfortable this place avoid. Now trying t get money back because we booked elsewhere. They are giving us a hard time. DO NOT USE THEm. Better to stay in the airport. I really want to give no star.
We were looking for a hotel near the airport and a coupon came up for this one, advertising a price of  $69.00 with the exception of the weekend night - Friday and Saturday.
When we arrived on Sunday and checked in, we were told that that was a "weekend" night and it would be an added $10.00.  When we pointed out that the ad clearly stated the nights of Friday and Saturday - not Sunday - we got an argument from the very rude and sullen girl at the desk, telling us to "use the coupon another time".  Finally, when we asked to see the manager, as we considered this false advertising, she agreed to give us the room for $69.00.  We should have walked out when she first presented us with the extra $10.00 for the room.  It was dirty and smelly, grime everywhere.  When we checked out the next day, the people at the front desk didn't greet us, smile, or even pretend to be professional -- again, they were plain old rude.  Don't go there. .. . for any price.  It was an awful experience.
I would not stay at this Microtel Inn in the future. It was run-down, smelly, and the continental breakfast was severely lacking. I'm glad that it was inexpensive. This time I got what I paid for. I stayed at a Microtel in North Dakota that was new and they served fresh warm chocolate chip cookies in the afternoon.
So the rooms were depressing, but seemingly clean. The whole place smelled off. But you know what? That's OK. I can deal with that. What's not OK is coming home covered in bed bug bites, my concerns being "forwarded to a manger" then hearing nothing back.
This particular location is not like the other Microtel's. I had a terrible experience getting a shuttle from the airport here. The Guest Services Assistant was rude when I called for a shuttle and told me it would be over 30 minutes so I got an Uber just to arrive and see the shuttle parked and no driver. Thank God I'm here only one night. I will never stay at this location again.
I just finish washing the clothes because the pullout sofa bed had bed bugs, guessing only the pullout sofa bed.  We would have left sooner, but didn't notice the bed bugs until the next morning after my son was eaten up. He bites head, back, leg, arm, literally head to toe. Walking in I should have listen to the six sense telling me to go the Hampton Inn up the road.  I like to the walk up the stairs and not take the elevator.  The ground floor planks in the stairs were falling about apart.  You literally sank in the steps.   Felt like walking on a sponge.  This the stairway by the elevator.  The best part of the hotel was the second floor stairs, you didn't sink in.  I strongly recommend not staying here.  I regret not listening to my gut and leaving.  Only reason I gave it one star is because I couldn't give it 1/16 star.  If you like the condemned Bates Hotel as next door neighbor and the bed bugs, you must be Gomez and Morticia Adams.   I'll stop here because I've to throw out my luggage.

And yes the WIFI sucks!
This hotel is ideal for someone who is looking for a place to stay for a night. I wouldn't suggest this hotel for anything longer than a night (or two, max). It's a small room but if you need a place to crash for the night, it serves it's purpose. My girlfriend and I were recently there and it was a very stressful situation. 

After speaking to a nice woman named Danielle, I made our reservation over the phone. I happened to call back the following day with a quick question. The man with a very strong Indian accent (I can't use the word "gentleman" because he was one of the MOST rude, ignorant individuals I have ever come across) I spoke to on the phone, (his name was Paul) could not find our reservation even after supplying him with the confirmation number 3 times and spelling out my last name several times as well. Paul did not seem to care if he found our reservation in the system or not. Finally after going back and forth with someone who clearly did not want to offer any type of assistance, I asked to speak to someone else (preferably someone I could understand clearly). 

The next person that I reached was yet another man with a very strong Indian accent. His name was Harry and he identified himself as the manager. Finally, he found my reservation in their system but told me that I made the reservation two weeks past the date in which I had reserved the room. I clearly know when I made the reservation for yet this man insisted that I was wrong. Come to find out, Danielle must have incorrectly marked us down in the incorrect date/slot which was a honest mistake. After another 15-20 minutes of being on the phone, Harry squeezed me into another slot on the day in which I had originally  booked the room for. Ahhh finally, it's all taken care of. NOPE! 

Upon opening the email confirmation within minutes of getting off the phone, I find out that the cost of the room which I had booked was now almost DOUBLE the price! I immediately called back and Paul told me that Harry was not available as he was in a meeting. After explaining the situation to Paul (who still did not seem to care to help me whatsoever), I became increasingly frustrated. Paul told me that no one except Harry can change the price back to what I was originally quoted and now instead of being in a meeting, I was told that Harry was gone for the weekend and would not return until after our visit. Clearly, he had lied to me and for some reason; did not want me to speak to Harry. Paul continued to yell at me, speak to me like a piece of trash and told me that he will not do anything to help me resolve this situation. I explained to him that TWO people there at the hotel quoted me a specific price, yet the confirmation I was sent showed a price nearly double. 

Being that this hotel is a subsidiary of a large corporation such as Wyndham, I explained to Paul that I will then call the corporate phone number and explain this situation to them and inform them how unprofessional he has been. His response was "go ahead and call, I don't care what you do". Way to keep it classy Microtel front desk guy! 

Now, after another 45 minutes of being on the phone with the customer care representative and explaining the situation once again; I was told that there was nothing they could do to resolve the situation until they investigate it further and get back to me within 4-5 days. Lovely! After being defeated and clearly frustrated, I hung up.

We arrived at the Microtel around 3:00pm the following day and who do I find at the front desk? Yep, Paul. Employee of the Year looking miserable and speaking extremely rude to us and other customers. His face clearly matched the rude voice on the phone. As he proceeded to check us in, I explained who I was and he said "yeah I remember you and there is nothing I can do". I noticed another female employee there and upon reading her name tag, I noticed that it was Danielle who I originally spoke to. 

When I asked to speak to her, Paul said "yeah go over and talk to her" instead of offering to get Danielle's attention for a customer seeking assistance. So by now, I had to walk outside to track down Danielle who I have never met before. Little did I know, her work shift was over and she was getting ready to leave. I apologized for bothering her and explained who I was and the horrible situation that I have been through. Thankfully she recognized who I was and remembered speaking to me. 

She came back inside the hotel and informed Paul the correct price amount which I was quoted by herself and the manager. She must have needed proper authorization to manually change a price in their computer and made the necessary calls. The whole time, Paul stood there and did not offer to help at all. While Danielle finished checking us in, she apologized for the hassle. 

Had it not been for her, we would have spent nearly twice as much to stay there. Big thanks for her for taking the time to help us when Paul treated us like trash!
1980's Porno scene meets Bates Motel - Whats not to love!?!?

I think the pictures will speak for themselves, but in case they are horrified into silence by all of the (blood?) stains in my room I will attempt to paint a picture as grand as the scenic view I have of the parking lot dumpster.

Room 223 has a FUCK load of charm.  As you can see from the pictures I theoretically have space to sleep 3:  one on the bed, one on the couch, and one midget/little person on the psychiatrist's lounger slash window-sill sleeper thing.  I don't know what else that could possibly be.  Did Microtel think I would be using it as some sort of day-bed to relax and read Prost and sip from my glass of (what they call on the roomservice menu) "red" wine as I stared out into the beautiful dumpster/parking lot?

I will assume I am simply not affluent or worldly enough to know what I am doing here.

The room has space for roughly 19 complete sets of dishes and cups and plates, but the closet only has 3 hangers - all of which are of some sort of miniature variety (perhaps keeping in theme with the miniature bed on the window sill).  You will notice on top of my child sized dressed is a state-of-the-art-for-1989 fourteen inch Cathode ray television set, perched precariously above and ready to crush my skull.  

A final nice touch put here by a very "security first - logic second" management staff is the ironing board holster that has been bolted to the mini-ironing board itself.  Hard time ironing your shirt on a board that is only 2 feet long?  Well 2 feet was way too generous to start with (please see picture), so now this is happening (bolting noises).  God knows if this system wasn't in place I would have stolen this 1993 model mini iron and brought it back to Chicago with me.  Foiled again....
This was thee worst hotel we have ever stayed in! It looks alright when you walk to the door; pretty flowers, nice outside appearance. Soon as you walk in, you notice tattered wallpaper, dirty floors and a terrible waiting area. The first night here we didn't even bother to come back to Philadelphia from NYC and got a hotel out there. We came back the next day to a terrible bed that was super uncomfortable, an out-dated tv with barely any channels. The light tinge of sewage in the air, the unfriendly staff, and the mediocre breakfast. No fridge in the room so all of our food we wanted to save went bad. We will NOT be back....ever
Front desk guys were very nice... Though, the room could of been better...

One of the tiles were broken in the bathroom, the shower head seems as old as myself, it would be a compliment to the nozzle to say it has decent water pressure. The soap that was given to us had dirt on the outside of the wrapper, looked like it was tossed around on the floor multiple times in the back corner of the toilet. 

The beds were comfortable, though I did find a few black hairs in the sheets. (I have blonde hair) We were on the first floor, but all the way down the hall, and it get's really noisy! I could also hear the people above me stomping around, along with them flushing the toilet... 
The air conditioning was so loud, I couldn't fall asleep. I did try to turn it off, but being in the pitch black with someone in the room with me, I couldn't turn the lights on...

The floors were also dirty, the sides of the rooms had so much dirt on them, it was pretty gross.

They have a TV and a choice of movies (though you have to pay) and I think 13-14 channels. (HBO)

They do serve a free breakfast in the morning... Cereal, some fruit, oatmeal, coffee, juices, milk, with bagels and cream cheese.  

The guy who picked us up was a little late, but he was nice as well.

Overall, I was disappointed in the hotel, I think they need to improve on the cleanliness and I'm sure the overall experience will go from a 2 star to a 3 star.
Do not stay!!!  Absolutely horrible!!!  The best thing about this motel was the first reception from the front lady.  Kudos to her!  Besides that the front lobby was torn up couldn't even enter front door but even if not remodeling couldn't even get snacks as there is no vending machine.  I was instructed to go to nearest gas station which with no car presented a 2 mile hike in heels!!! Ugh absolutely the worst customer service in the evening!  Don't stay!!!
Oh and ditto to all the bad reviews!!  So true!!  Horrible!!
The room was dirty.  Yes, there was hair and dirt on the floor, but the sheets and bedding were also dirty, almost as if the bedding wasn't changed before we stayed after the last guests.  The man at the front desk was EXTREMELY rude.  We booked this hotel because it was advertised that there is an airport shuttle.  We get there to find out there isn't one, and hasn't had one in quite some time.  When I asked the man behind the desk about it, he got extremely irritated and proceeded to tell me the "locals" don't want to work so they can't keep staff on for the shuttle.  When we were preparing to get cleaned up for the night, we noticed there were no wash cloths.  When I asked for some at the desk, he would only give me 2, because housekeeping called in sick, again saying no one wants to work.  2 washcloths, for a family of 4.  We will absolutely never be staying here again, and would advise against it for anyone else.  Spend the extra money and stay somewhere else!
This place was an absolute nightmare.  The only plus was the convenient price compared to the other hotels in the area.  Everything was a disaster.  The employees are oblivious to everything around them, the room has a stench that is indescribable, the decor is fading with weird stains on the walls and upholstery, the breakfast is a complete joke, and the size of the room is ridiculous.  This may be one of the worst hotels I have ever been in.  DO NOT GO HERE.
Get on moving, right on by to the next one. I left covered in bedbug bites. They had the nerve to insult me with a offer of a $25. credit. Poor management & customer care . A mistake to walk through there doors. The couch looked worn out, dare not touch. A horrific experience.
The biggest surprise to me is that Wyndham would want their name to be associated with this hotel. You actually feel dirty the moment you walk into the place. The front-desk folks were nice enough, but that is about it.  The room was just gross. I actually slept with the lights on because I just had the feeling there might be bugs or critters in the room somewhere just waiting for darkness to pounce on me. Ugh. Never again.
Do NOT stay here!  Spend a few more dollars and stay at the Hampton Inn..  Had a weird bug in my bathroom, bathroom had nasty stuff in the corners, breakfast was EXTRA continental, room was truly micro, FAR from a suite....  Nothing sweet or suite about it..  Will not be back.
This place is a filthy dump! A mouse eating our food woke us up numerous times throughout the night. Run away!
Its like a cross between a motel and a European boutique inn at first glance...its strange...but its way better than a Motel 8.

The button for the elevator doesn't work in the lobby...but somehow the elevator comes anyway.  Once in the room you will notice the European nuances immediately such as:
   -The tinted mirror headboard
   -The extra bed thingy in the window?
   -The drawers built in to random places
   -The miniaturized everything
After we were done laughing about the window bed and taking tons of photos of us in our inebriated state posing in it - we decided we liked this place.  The bedroom was about 12 feet wide with a queen sized bed and 2 built in bed side tables.  The was a closet (about 4 feet tall) with a TV above it, a desk, a random hook on the wall, free WiFi, and of course the window bed thing.  The bathroom was nice, clean, and had a large tub/shower and gets a big thumbs up.  Nice bathrooms are so crucial in the cheap motel/hotel experience...this one was very nice (all things considered).

We tossed some ice in the sink, added a few Reading Beers, and enjoyed our 1 night $75 purchase.  Yes, I would stay at the Microtel again and highly recommend it as a cheaper alternative for the traveler on a budget.
Looks fine from outside.   Inside badly dirty,  smelly.   Check in female great.  Sloppy, overweight pm desk clerk rude and arrogant.   Unhelpful and clearly uninterested in anything except eating and smoking.   He was rude to another guest and a caller.  He was thoroughly unapologetically rude.  He and the Indian person with him totally ignored our needs.
A freaking dump. Dirty and outdated. Smells like mildew and cigarettes. I think a lot of hourly rentals.
The room light fixtures were exposed florescent light bulbs with no light covers. The bathroom was dirty with cracked caulk at the bathtub. Multiple building code violations I'm sure.
Do not stay here if you expect a decent business type hotel.
Do not book a room here. It's disgusting, and that's an overstatement.

Also, this hotel is actually quite far from the airport & the shuttle service is slow/sketchy.
I had a man come into my room at 6:20 a.m.  It was horrifying.  My door was shut tightly and no one should be able to get in without a key.  Front desk asked me, "What am I supposed to do about it."  Refused to get a manager or correct the problem.  Scariest experience ever.  Thing of nightmares for women traveling alone.
this place is filthy......really filthy. I feel gross that I have to stay here tonight' dirty rugs, dust everywhere, dirty hallways......yeck
It was okay.  I didn't hate it but it smelled pretty wet and musty.  It seemed like the employee room near the elevator was a cigar-smoking hang out for employees.  In general, the floors smelled like a combination of weed and cigars (thank goodness that the smell didn't filter through the walls). 

You had to sign a waiver not to have a party and yet someone was having a good time through 7am Saturday.  

I would not stay here again.
Booked a hotel online and ended up booking for the wrong date was at the hotel ready to check in and that's when we found out we had booked for the 23rd instead of the 22nd.. there was a huge line on top of everything! Ended up actually having a great experience, Douglas was super helpful and made sure we did get taken care of. Really satisfied with front desk. Hotel rooms are really nice and look modern. Wifi AND complementary breakfast! Oh and even gave us free toothpaste and tooth brushes along with being really close to the airport I  highly recommend!
This is a budget type hotel/motel an honest 1.5 to 2 stars.  The keys to the room and doors did not work consistently, even the front desk receptionist commented about how cheap the keys were.  He had to run four sets to finally hand me keys which he thought worked.  Of the two keys neither worked consistently on the side door.  So, on a cool dark night I had to walk around to the front door to enter the building.  

The room I stayed in was on the second floor.  It was clean, the sheets felt fresh but the room was dated.  There were no ammenenties, no coffee pot, no refrigerator.  The room walls were very thin.  I could hear conversation from rooms on both sides of me, and the people did not seem to be talking very loud, just the walls were thin.  The elevator had a black plastic floor mat... not a rug, a mat like something was being moved but during the time I was there, it never moved so I suspect it was covering damage.  I saw the breakfast and it looked like it was just cereals in those cereal dispenser.  I did not see anything hot.  There is a free shuttle to and from the airport, but it was a dated (2006) older 9 passenger van.  So, the whole package was pretty much average or slightly below.   Would I stay again, probably not.
You know there is a problem when you have pictures of the staff leaning against the counter watching TV while there is a line building.  One man was trying to check us all in, while another man and woman employee just stood there.  

The room was nothing special, beds, TV's, and a stopped up sink and toilet that didn't flush!  There were stains on the furniture and black smudges on the sheets.  We weren't in Philly for the hotel; we just needed someplace to sleep between sights seeing!

Sleep... that would have been awesome had the smoke alarm not gone off at 2am.  Beep.  Beep.  Beep.  Battery is dead.  We went to the lobby, the guy told us to take the cover off and remove the battery.  Yeah, that is safe.  Anyhow, went back upstairs, tried that, but the cover doesn't come off without a special tool.

We were told that there were no other rooms available.  When we called down to the lobby again the guy sounded annoyed and said he would be up soon.  He arrived, couldn't get the cover off and then eventually told us that there was one additional room that he was "holding".  We left all of our things and went to go sleep on the first floor in the room directly behind the front office, we were able to get about 3 hours of sleep.

In the morning... we were given the run around about having the manager call us, a front staff employee tell us that she was higher up than most and didn't usually work on the weekends, and just total disrespect.  

I can promise you I will never stop foot in this hotel again, I'd rather sleep in my car.
This place was absolutely disgusting. When my family and I checked in we weren't expecting a 5 star hotel but a decent room that was clean and well kept. First, our room is labeled a non smoking room but as we walked in it reeked of cigarettes and sure enough, there were butts on the windowsill. Then there were multiple stains on the bed sheets. The carpets look like they haven't been vacuumed in years and the A/C unit was destroyed. If you are staying in Philadelphia, don't waste your time here even if it is a reasonable price. Look for other hotels or even an air bnb.
It really is a 3 star hotel but it serves it's purpose - a place to lay your head down for the night. So, before checking in, really think about WHY this place is called the Microtel. Micro = SMALL. 

The lobby smells like curry and the hallways smell like cigarettes and weed. And that shuttle WILL leave early! So get your fanny downstairs fast!

There's a variety of menus in the lobby from 3 star restaurants that deliver to the Microtel. All the food will be unappetizing so order only if you're desperate. 

About 80/90 a night. Neat the airport so ok for those unexpected layovers.
No cable....room is nice...don't understand y the doors are locked at a certain time like it's rikers....the rooms are comfortable enough...front desk was helpful enough. They knew I wanted to b on the first floor but wanted to possibly smoke so they offered a room near the back door because the first floor was non smoking...that was cool. Breakfast is basic. Nothing hot. That's about it. It's just the rikers "lockdown" that I have a real problem with.
To summarize: Cheap hotel with friendly staff and free wifi. They provide a shuttle to and from the airport, which is a huge plus for me. The SEPTA train station into the city is a short walk from the hotel. Breakfast isn't too bad, and you can watch the news on TV while eating. 

Be warned: Very thin walls. I could hear my neighbors having sex...over the loudness of their TV. MEH, I turned my music up.
Noisy, not well maintained. The only thing that worked well was the shuttle service. The cleaning staff clean the rooms late night, and let the doors bang on the door strops, repeatedly. I don't know how they don't realize that this is a problem. Would not stay at another Microtel
Stayed here few days ago, needed one night stay for flight to catch.

Pro:  The hotel was clean and newly renovated. Nice room, AC worked adequately.  Shuttle service was prompt and ran every 30 minutes, driver courteous.  Morning desk clerk was friendly. 

Con:  Not ideal for a good nights sleep.  Also risky for identity theft with their strange check-in requirement.  

Checked in late & was exhausted, they made a photo copy of my identification (Driver license, credit card, member reward card) and after i realized this, called them out on it. They said they required this and I told them it was not common and felt uncomfortable about that.  They made it seem like I was being unreasonable, I was too tired to fight but then after five minutes went back to the front desk and told them I wanted the photocopy back, they did eventually complied.  I was very tired and finally fell asleep after an hour because it was noisy in the hallway...then after 3 hours, I was awaken by loud bangs in the hallway and allot of shuffling around that I just decided to stay up as I had to take a flight out that morning.  Breakfast was horrible, stale bagels - cereal was mixed in with other stale ones, very minimal options to choose from.
where do i even begin? ?? the moment i walked into the hotel i knew i was not going to stay there. charge me a cancellation fee... i don't care but i refuse to stay there.

the lobby was disgustingly dirty. looked like something out of a crack house in a movie. dirt everywhere. pillows and couch completely worn out. dirty floors. just disgusting.

a couple a shady men were sitting around in the common area..so that didn't make me feel safe.

read some reviews that mentioned bed bugs so i immediately turned around... not even going to subject myself to such nastiness. they should really consider closing this hotel. 

do not stay here! !!!!!!!!
I wish I could give negative stars or rainy clouds for this hotel. It was the worst. The place smelled of drugs and mold. it was dirty and nothing like the photos on the net. Don't let the exterior fool you. FRAUD ALERT! the bed had bugs all over it and they looks evil, jumping all over the place. We tried another room and we were afraid to sit down or use the bathroom. I spoke to the ghetto management there and they refused  to give back our money after we said we weren't going to stay. Spend a little extra cash, there are a few better hotels down the street.
Great Microtel! I love this place!

1. Everything is clean.
2. Offer free breakfast.
3. Near the Wawa
4. Car service to Airport
Having stayed in other Microtels before (such as the one in Austin, TX) we expected a good experience, but we were wrong. The room was dirty with an unknown stain on parts of the bed sheets and the hallways smelled like dank. But this is barely a small inconvenience. The worst part of the stay was at 1AM when kids began to scream and try to open doors from the hallway. After some time, we called the front office. The person at the desk told us they were the only one there, so they would check the security damage and then call us back. Not only did the attendant not do anything about the problem, they did not call us back at all about the problem, nor did the kids stop anytime soon. 

Steer clear from this hotel, even if you are a loyal Microtel customer. There are plenty of other options nearby that may have a cleaner building and friendlier staff.
If I could give this place 0 stars, I would. I planned a trip to Philadelphia for my boyfriend & I for his birthday. We are both young college students, so I figured with how decently priced this hotel was, it would be a good place to stay... boy was I wrong.... we arrived on a Thursday.... when we arrived, there was a group of 10 people checking in at the time and they were all just taking forever. After about standing there for 20 minutes, it was finally our turn to check in. The lady at the front desk, Danielle was wonderful. Very pleasant, very helpful. We got to our room and it looked very clean. Bathroom was very clean. It was a room that looked like it had just been renovated. There was a microwave, mini fridge, small bar area, it was very nice. The next day, friday, we spent most of the day out sightseeing and exploring. We arrived back to our room at about 7pm. It looked like all housekeeping was give us new bathroom towels. They did not make the bed or change the sheets. We didn't make a big deal of it and just hung out in the hotel the rest of the night. That night, we found 2 small arts crawling around on the bed, so we shook off all the sheets, checked for more ants or any other bugs and we didn't see any... the next day, Saturday, we spent half the day out and returned to our room at about 230pm. Housekeeping had never gone to our room while we were gone & did not come at all. We had to call the front desk to get towels for the shower... then, later that night, at about 1230, my boyfriend & I were in bed watching tv & the room to the left of us, the people in there were not trying to hide the fact that they were having sex... they were extremely extremely extremely loud.... it went on for about 20 mins, so we called the front desk to complain and even after that, it still continued for another 15-20 minutes. They eventually calmed down, but they did absolutely nothing to hide the fact that they were having sex, it was a little disturbing. Then on sunday, it was the day we were checking out. So we go to the front desk to check out, and the guy behind the desk asks what room number we were in, so I told him and he was like you are john? I was like no, neither my boyfriend or me are named john.... so he starts to type something into the computer, very slowly i might add, and now there is a line forming of other people who want to check out. So he looks through the computer and then asks me how I paid, so I said I paid with a credit card. So he then starts to look through all the credit card receipts from the past couple days.... he cant find it. According to the computer, there is no record of me ever checking in, at all. He cant find me in the system anywhere.... then he is like well maybe someone else checked out under your name. How can someone else check out under my name??? so he continues to look through papers for another 10 minutes and then hands me a piece of paper and says write down your name, room number and home address and if I find the papers, ill mail them to you. So i wrote everything down and walked out... if i get charged for not checking out on time, management will be getting a phone call from me. Not going to go back to this hotel ever
I very rarely write reviews...this was a terrible place to visit.  When I arrived at the front desk, 3 rooms that just checked in were getting refunds and leaving.  It was not dirty, it was actually FILTHY!  I don't think I need to say anything else.
Terrible for children. Awful customer service. Extremely slow pickup shuttle. Asked for a crib or pack n play ahead of time, was told there MIGHT be one when I arrived. Real helpful right? Called again when we landed in Philly, was told they had one but couldn't say when it would be ready. Got to the hotel, was told no one could open the closet to get it. Keep in mind it's now midnight. "Could be hours." Finally found out that the guy who drives the shuttle van is the only guy who can open the closet. And he was busy making airport runs. Ridiculous. Took an hour. Turned out it was in a closet 20 feet from the front desk. Front desk guy and I almost had a fist fight over it. Also the room stunk and the morning staff were unfriendly. Other than that, it's also got a lousy breakfast. Do not stay here.
Now I know you are wondering why I would give this hotel 4 stars right?  Well let me tell you that I was very pleasantly surprised by the cleanliness, friendliness and comfort of this hotel.  Our flight was cancelled at midnight and the airline did not provide us rooms.  We called so many hotels and couldn't find any vacancies.  Finally at midnight we called here and luckily they had a room.  When the hotel van picked us up we were very worried as it was so old and ragged looking.  It looked like it had been around since the 1970's.  I don't think the seat belts even worked.  But thankfully we got safely to the hotel and the van driver was very personable.  When we walked into the lobby we were again worried as it was hot as heck (no a/c) and SHABBY!  But then the hotel clerk was so nice and friendly we were shocked. Professional and nice and even offered us toothbrushes and toothpaste as we had no toiletries as they didn't give us our suitcases from the plane.  As we walked down the hall to our room we were still worried as the hallway was also very shabby and dirty looking.  But when we entered our room it was super clean.  The room was small but clean, the a/c worked great. The bathroom was a good size and clean. And most surprisingly of all, the sheets were very nice cotton and the pillows were nice too.  We slept like babies!  When I went to ask where we could go to find some food and clean shirts to buy, the front desk clerk was so kind and friendly and happy.  She made my day.  She gave us directions so we could walk to a shopping center.

So although I would choose to stay at this hotel again, it was a very pleasant surprise for a very low price.
We checked in it looked pretty dirty but we would see how the rooms were. We got to our room within a few minutes we saw a mouse run across the room they put us in another room. The rooms air conditioner made so much noise we couldn't sleep a lot of the lights were burned out. We got there at 8 pm after driving 12hrs so we couldn't really go anywhere else
I feel bad because I used to like this place as a cheap place to find a hotel when stopping through Philly. BUT this place has gone down hill. 
First, zero parking in the parking lot. But a lot of people just hanging out in their cars. 
Second, my non smoking room smelled exactly like smoke as soon as we entered. 
Third, the bathroom either had things broke or unclean
Fourth, candy wrappers still on the floor from the previous person
Fifth, the crowd has changed including a loud hallway, screaming, my husband being approached to see if he had any weed
Fifth, sorry excuse for a breakfast bar and coffee. Bad coffee, no fork, little to choose from. My daughter got sick on the orange juice

Sorry Microtel, but we will be going elsewhere from now on.

***edited. Noted this morning there are 2 holds on my checking account for the price of the hotel. Front desk could not give me an explanation why and now I have to wait 4-5 days.
Stayed one night for Army-Navy game this pst Saturday. Booked a non-smoking room because my girlfriend is sensitive to the smell of cigarettes. We checked in late, around 9, and someone had clearly smoked in the room. It REEKED of smoke. Not only that, we found multiple cigarette burns on the comforter! 

So the cleaning people didn't notice the comforter, did they even change the sheets? We went down to request another room and they had none. So we asked for another comforter and they had no spares. I asked if we would receive a discount and was told to contact the manager on Monday. We did, and they were no help. They tried to argue with me and tell me that even though I had evidence it hadn't been cleaned, that it had been cleaned properly. Wouldn't offer a discount, or a refund, or anything. The manager was EXTREMELY rude to me.
Myself my son and daughter just drove down from Long Island. Not a long trip but we had 2 get in to get my son to the airport by 530am. Got in opened the door and sitting right on the pillow was a disgusting bedbug. We literally didn't even put our bags down and thank God for that. Called the front desk and the night manager was very nice even asked to see the picture of the bug because you know I had to take 1. Said we would be refunded in total even told us to call booking.com so they knew. I have been traveling for years in an out of hotels and this has never happened!!!Totally grossed out!!! Was looking forward to a Philly cheesesteak but to disgusted to eat!
Booked this place out of desperation due to multiple cancellations of flights and much needed sleep on 7/17/19. Upon arrival, there were cigarette butts in the halls, the place smelled and looked dirty. The manager/front desk had terrible customer service and told many of us who had reservations that he's overbooked and it's not his problem. We asked for help in finding neighboring places and he refused to make eye contact, waved us away and again said not his problem.  I didn't want to stay there as soon as I saw it, but why treat your customers so abysmally!!!!!!!!
Arrived here last minute looking for a room after an AirBnB situation did not work out. The manager at the desk found a room available for my boyfriend and I for their average rate. Room was spacious and smelled clean. But the bathroom wasn't cleaned properly at all it looked like! At least had not been cleaned with any attention to detail. Streaks on the toilet seat as if wiped with an already dirtied cloth. Streaks and water spots around the sink. Hair in the sink! And hair mixed with a thick coating of dust in basically every corner and crevice of the bathroom. Towels didn't smell detergent fresh- more like hot water and bleach. It's tolerable for just one night if you don't mind wiping down a bit yourself. I didn't have to shower there either. But the beds were pretty comfortable if anything. And the tv was big with cable. But for a Wyndham owned chain, I would truly expect better.
If you enjoy sleeping in a hotel room with BUGS, Glass, peanuts on the ground, And blood/ other unknown substances on the wall then by all means go for it. 
I was absolutely disgusted by the first room, we walked in and noticed right away there was blood and some sort of yellowly fluids on the walls in certin spots. And the floor was dirty. Also in the cubby of the bedside table was BROKEN GLASS. So we were like okay let's just go downstairs to and get a different room..
The second room smelled like mildew as soon as walked in but that's not the kicker. THERE WAS FLIES ON THE MIRROR AS WELL AS OTHER LITTLE BUGS (I didnt get super close)  AND FLYING AROUND THE CEILING. We don't deal with bugs in hotels rooms, who knows what other bugs they had and we were not taking that chance. Unacceptable. The front desk guy told me they sent me my refund back so hopefully that is true.
Only stayed here for a night but it was terrible.  When I checked in my room, there was a smell I couldn't pinpoint.  I looked around for over an hour to try to find it and there was used underwear, jalapeno peppers withe nachos, an open liquor bottle bottom & condoms in the the closet by the window.  The bedsheets had cigarette burns! F****Disgusting! Good luck sleeping, because late night everyone in Philly thinks they're Vin Diesel because Fast & Furious is shooting a live re-enactment outside the hotel all night with street racers. Stay away from this "Trap" spot.
nothing too fancy, but then again i'm a brokeass. i'm pretty sure i would have reserved a non-smoking room, but by the time i got here i was way too tired to complain. anyway, the bed was possibly the most comfortable hotel mattress i have slept on in years, the free wireless signal was pretty reliable and the coffee in the continental breakfast was decently strong.
