We used to stay at the Microtel in Richmond somewhat frequently and had good experiences so we'll hit Microtels in other cities if we just need a quick, cheap place to stay. Well, this one is much worse than others we have been to. It's not the worst place ever and I guess it's passable if you REALLY need a place to crash for the night, but I wouldn't recommend it.
First of all, the guy at the desk when checking in was super weird and kept stopping to tell us his life story so check-in took forever and was incredibly awkward. He also mentioned breakfast which they didn't actually have. The hotel is really dirty and it doesn't look like they ever clean anything (although they have brand new, really nice vending machines so that's something I guess). Hallway rug was super gross, walls were dirty, a/c units in the halls were old and falling apart; room itself was a little better but there were stains, peeling paint, etc. Bed was thankfully fine (not comfortable though), but the couch thing under the window was filthy. Honestly, I didn't feel good about putting our stuff down on any surface in there. Shower was decent, but the drain stoppers didn't work on either the sink or the bathtub. There was a fan/vent in the hall right outside of our room that made a loud wheezing noise that could be heard at all times in the room.
Overall, the place could be decent but needs some serious cleaning and renovations. There is really no reason to stay here when the entire area is nothing but hotels. As I said, other microtels have been fine but I won't be coming back to this one unless they renovate - avoid!
We needed a room for one night, having arrived in Philly pre-snow storm for a conference.  We didn't get to the hotel until after midnight. Their shuttle was very prompt and they were accommodating when we asked for 2 beds. The room was fine, exceeding expectations.  All the staff seemed very competent and I was very pleased with the stay.
The only reason we are staying here in this room tonight is that all surrounding hotels are booked due to delayed flights from weather. The reviews online are no where even close to being accurate. Please someone scrub this place down with a hazmat team and some bleach. Mirrors over your sleeping den loom along with cracked and peeling walls to welcome you into a world of stained and sticky carpets with furniture that one doesn't dare look at let alone sit on. The sketchy looking clientele here smells of marijuana and cigarettes.
We were lucky we weren't assaulted in the parking lot. Not safe here. Also our room is right in front of the elevator on the 2nd floor with truck loads of loud elephants being delivered every few minutes or so after midnight. No sleep for us. Paper thin walls and floors reveal your neighbor's bathroom schedule and romper room activities, gulp.
Hostels are cleaner and quieter than this mirror house of horrors. Get me outside here!!!!!!!
This is without a doubt, the worst, most disgusting hotel I have ever been to. I should have trusted my gut and ate the cost of the prepaid room, and went to a different place.
