I often thought it'd be a lucrative business if someone were to offer facilities in an airport where people could rest, work and sleep in peace and comfort; Especially on those days when one gets stuck at an airport for a layover of several hours.

Along came Minute Suites!  This facility basically took one of the storefronts at Philadelphia airport (also Atlanta and Dallas/Fort Worth) and installed a welcome desk and several private and noise proof "suites", where customers can go and have a nap on the sofa/pullout bed, watch TV, use the WiFi or built-in computer and desk to get work done, then receive a wake up call and hot towel to refresh in time to catch their next flight!  Genius!

Current rates are $41 with tax for an hour, and another $10 for each additional 15 minutes.  Overnight stays are $130 before tax. IMO that's more than reasonable to catch up on sleep or just get a much needed rest between flights...Certainly a much better value IMO than paying the 1 day, 1 time $50 charge to use one of the airlines' private clubs!
If you've been stuck in the Philadelphia airport with a canceled flight -- especially overnight, like I was last night -- Minute Suites in a Godsend. My 8:45 p.m. flight was delayed for various changing reasons, then at 11 p.m. canceled and we were told to rebook ourselves. I opted for the 7 a.m. flight and being an Orlando resident, had very little options. As I was headed to my morning departure terminal for what I'm sure would've been a rough and uncomfortable sleep, I stumbled upon Minute Suites and it was just what I needed.

I opted for 6 hours for $97.26 with taxes. The space was clean and safe; staff was very friendly. I was incredibly impressed with the amenities in the (approx.) 7x7 room: Direct TV, WiFi, lots of outlets, blanket, pillow, light dimmer, white noise machine and a dead-bolt on the door.

There are roughly 20 suites here and they all sold-out this night. I did hear some of the noise that others mentioned, but it was hardly noticeable past 12:30 a.m. Ask for a spot in the way back (down a hall) to help cancel as much out as possible.

Like another Yelper mentioned, there is not a restroom within Minute Suites, so you'll need to use the airport's. Not a huge deal, as the women's is just a few feet away. (Not sure about men's.) The desk attendant was more than happy to lock-up my room when I left so that my luggage was secure.

While I *hope* to never have to use this service again, I certainly would if I'm ever found in the same position.
The Minute Suites in PHL is a perfect concept for a flyer needing some z's or just 'a moment' from the masses. I am based in PHL with my career. I use Minute Suites for long 'naps' between trips. Would I use this as an overnight hotel ? No. The 'suites' are small, dimly lit rooms with a desk, free internet, free Netflix, a small mirror, temperature and sound control. There is also hooks for hanging suits or clothing for the upcoming trip or meeting. The 'bed' is a small, possibly twin sized, couch with leather/vinyl. It's firm! It offers the place to lie down though and to me, that's the important part. You are given a pillow and blanket and tour of the suite process upon check in; they also offer a wake up service so that you don't miss your flight! There are also conference rooms inside the Minute Suites for taking meetings. The caveat, and it's a pretty big one : No restroom and no showers. There is a restroom located across from the Minute Suites entrance and across the concourse. That stinks for anyone who drinks as much water as I do! IF you get where i am going with this! I had to pop across in the middle of my 6 hour rest here in my less-than-cute get up for sleep and my very sleepy face to utilize the loo. I found the suite to be quite quiet with white noise sound for effective sleeping and woke up ready to fly across the Atlantic. The staff is friendly and helpful. I love this concept and hope other major airports add Minute Suites... I would love to see bathrooms here at this one , EVEN if it's shared and down the hall.. anything to avoid sleepily having to cross the international concourse! Prices seem to vary and there are some corporate discounts available, with the first hour being the most costly. Is it worth it? To me.. yes.. :)
Depending on time of day the wait can vary. I waited one minute and was placed in the second suite from the front. 

Pros
-Private suite with door lock
-Padded pillow, warm fleece blanket and adjustable thermostat
-Free for 1 hour for Priority Pass members
-Outlets strategically placed near the desk and couch

Cons:
-Even with the noise masking at max level 10, I could still hear the conversation at the front desk
-Green Exit sign is bright when all the lights are turned off
-Couch does not pull out so it can only fit one average American comfortably
Got stuck overnight in PHL due to a missed connection.  Did a little research and found the Minute Suites.  Although they advertised $120 for the night (8 hours), their prices just raised to $135 (tax included).  I opted to stay and overall am glad I did, as I got several hours of much needed sleep.  

Likes included the cleanliness, the wifi, the pleasant staff, and the fact that I didn't have to leave the secured area of the terminal.  

Dislikes included noise level.  It's right near the end of the moving sidewalk, so whenever someone stepped off the sidewalk with their rolling bag, it was a bit noisy.  I must have gotten used to it, or it didn't happen often during the wee hours of the night.    The lighted Exit sign within the room was a bit bright.  Also, it would be nice if there was a restroom/shower facility within the suites.  Had to go across the hall to use the restroom, but they were closed for cleaning, and there are no shower facilities in PHL airport.  

Overall, I would stay here again if stuck overnight, but I would bring earplugs, and a sleeping mask.
What a concept! $32 p/hr min + $8 for every 15 minutes thereafter.  Ideal for a quick nap and/or meeting. Very convenient. No need to Lear the airport and close to shops and restaurant areas. 
This is not a hotel, so no restroom in the room, but it is located across the hall. 
Clean, quiet, private and modern. Room for 2 id you don't mind small spaces.
This is a seriously cool idea. I was at PHL with the absolute worst layover situation-- I flew from Denver at around 1am and landed at 5. I was stuck at PHL with no sleep and a flight to LGA that didn't leave until 10. I really needed a nap since I was going to a dinner party later that day so Minute Suites was a godsend. 

It's pretty pricey, I paid about $37 for an hour. I was really pleased that I did, the suite was clean and comfortable. Very modern and quiet. I had a great nap and woke up feeling refreshed when the attendant knocked for my wake up call. I would absolutely do this again if I needed a nap and it would be even better for longer layovers since the space comes with internet and a desk. I definitely recommend!
Our Priority Pass got us a free hour here at the Philadelphia airport. 

The pros: it gives you a quiet space to get some sleep (or close your eyes and doze at the very least), a TV, and a sense of privacy. Oh, and it's clean! You can look at the company's website and read about their cleaning process. Made me feel much better about lounging and snoozing on the "bed." 

The cons: it's incredibly expensive if you don't have Priority Pass, so unless you're electing to stay there for an extended layover and actually trying to get some sleep, it's probably not worth it for a shorter visit. I'm pretty sure you can pay like $25 daily fee to get into an airline club (think Delta Sky Lounge) and at least get food and private bathrooms. There were no trashcans in our room, nor is there a bathroom in the place, which meant I lost (no exaggeration) 10 minutes of my precious hourlong visit waiting in the public restrooms across the way. Finally, even if you pay the super high (non Priority Pass) hourly price, don't expect any perks in the room itself. You're looking at paying a hefty price for snacks and drinks. Not worth it.
Great place to catch some zzzzs for a few hours while in between flights.   My wife and I had nearly an 8 hour layover in PHL before a 9 hour international flight, we wanted sleep and didn't want to deal with exiting and reentering TSA, so we chose Minute Suites.   

We were given a room near the back.  It was small (as expected), but clean and very quiet considering the hustle bustle and constant PA announcements going on out in the terminal, complete with a slide out daybed large enough for 2, desk, TV and white noise generator.  I liked that, as turning the white noise up a little truly made it feel like there was nothing going on around us or outside our room.  We also found that the front desk has irons available for guests who want to straighten their clothes up before venturing on, which is nice.  

The only thing I did not like is that there are no restrooms in the Minute Suites.  You can go outside and cross the high traffic terminal walkway to restrooms, but there are no showers accessible at all.

I would definitely choose this Minute Suites again.
I fly through PHL weekly on a red-eye and have a 3 hour layover before my next flight. I'd been wondering if I would be able to make it through an 8-hour day at work, but then remembered Minute Suites.  I'm so glad I decided to bite the bullet and pay the money.  Is it cheap? No.  Is it worth it?  Depends on your goal.  Being able to spend another full day with my family is worth the $50 I paid out for the couple hours. I'm hoping they start with a frequent user card, because I plan to make this part of my weekly routine.
This place is amazing! As a mother traveling with a baby, I can say that travel is stressful and not the relaxing time it used to be. Minute Suites offers you a quiet and peaceful place to nurse your baby (I forgot I was in a bustling airport) and regroup for thirty minutes. I was given a bottle of water and shown to this clean, cool oasis by a very professional and super friendly girl. The best part is that this service is FREE TO NURSING MOTHERS! Most other airports think they are doing you a favor by sticking a stool by an outlet in a dirty bathroom. I wish this was at more airport locations. A complete godsend.
I highly recommend minute suits for any nursing or pumping moms! I was traveling internationally this summer and had the pleasure of using the minute suites for a free 30 minute session! The staff was amazingly accommodating. Everything was clean!
RACIST AND RUDE 

I was traveling to philli for a conference and on my way here I Called the minute suites office to ask if they had any irons available for when I came. The lady left first spoke to on the phone was very polite and nice. She told me that there were irons available for me to iron my clothes. When I got here my experience was completely different. The lady at the front of the desk was very rude and also very disrespectful. She spoke to my wife very impolite manner and when we got into our room and we went back to ask where the iron was, she said "you never asked me about any iron. We don't have an iron for you." 

In order to talk to someone else to see if there was an iron, I called this location and when I asked the person about the iron. they hung up on me after I asked if they had any irons. I called back and the person on the phone picked up my call and then put it on voicemail.  any subsequent attempts at calling were met with the voicemail machine. No one will pick up my phone or called me back after that. High disappointed. 

This happened at 7:00AM on Saturday, July 14th 2018 in Philadelphia.
Got stuck overnight in Philly airport. Booked a room online , credit card charged and when I got there they were full.  Said they were not linked in to the lounge buddy real time.  It was real time enough to send me a confirmation and charge my card. By the time I found out they had no rooms everything else was already booked.

They should not charge the card til they verify room....now I will have to fight to get the money back
Recently stayed at this Minute Suites in the Philadelphia airport for an hour using my Priority Pass. The room was just spacious enough, had a TV/computer, built in sound masking system, a little bed/love seat with a trundle, two pillows and temperature control.

Since is was 5:30am, I really just wanted to nap. I'm short so the "bed" was the perfect size and pillows more comfortable than I anticipated. There could've been a blanket but I just used my coat. Internet seemed to be fast enough but I didn't really test it out. Everything looked and felt clean.

The only complaints I had were about items in the room. There were 2 Dasani waters for $4 together. Cheap compared to regular airport prices, but even just a cup for water would be great! I also wish the lights had a dimmer but suppose that's too fancy for an airport cubicle "bedroom".

Overall, I wish I could've napped longer but didn't want to be charged $30 for the next hour. I will visit Minute Suites again for airport layovers/etc.
Tried to get in with a priority pass. They said it was full and that I would have to come back when it was not. I decided to stay in front and wait for it to be available and the attendant said he would take my number and call me when it was available. Never got a call.
Full disclosure: I did not say in one of the suites.  However, I wandered in just wanting to check it out.  The manager convinced me to step into one of the suites for a mini tour. I joined him and the friendly staff for a rundown of the many amenities that are included.  Free Netflix, free internet, sound control, "wake up" service, and a really comfortable space that includes a desk, keyboard, flat screen tv, and couch to sit/sleep on.  

I have slept in Newark Airport.  It sucked. This would have been worth a million bucks as an alternative.
Amazing! The best $ i have spent!!! I rested in an airport! Who knew?! Great staff and clean suite!
We were caught in bad weather and our connection was 8 hours away. After an exhausting day, Minute Suites sounded perfect. We would have a comfortable, quiet place in the airport to sleep.

The website was very misleading.  It was neither quiet nor comfortable. The walls were very thin and we heard every truck, every dog bark and the extremely LOUD front desk. The "day bed" was covered in vinyl and as hard as a rock.  

We could've saved ourselves $140 and had a better, more comfortable night in an airport gate.
Very nice little place for a quick rest! We had a long layover and needed somewhere to put up our feet and put down our bags. The minute suites was suggested to us by a flight attendant.
The staff there were very friendly and helpful. The young lady working the front desk seemed genuinely concerned with providing us with a good experience as well as respecting the fact that we were very tired having flown from Chicago 5am that morning..
The rooms are clean and well thought out and large enough for my husband and myself to fit comfortably with all of our luggage but still having enough "elbow room" from one another too. You could even pull out the couch/day bed into a queen size bed for two. We didn't feel the need to do that because we felt the bed was deep enough for a comfortable nap while still in its upright position. Even the location is convenient being located in a part of the airport where you are very close to the food court and shops.. ( I felt safer in the minute suites than I did at Philadelphia airport, and hubby wasn't too keen on me walking around there by myself either.. Just a travelers FYI)
All in all great place to relax in between flights, especially if you are an airline employee, the cost was well worth the stay.
Only wish I could remember the name of the young lady at the front desk so I could make a special mention:) After our long stay,upon check out she made sure to wish us well on our way to Italy and to have a safe trip, although she had a line full of other customers checking in. Very sweet!
Okay, mostly this is just an awesome idea executed correctly. We had a long wait at the Philly airport, and a $36 bed for an hour was just what the doctor ordered. The room was clean, and just the right size. - If you are going to sleep, do use the pull-out bed not the couch.
Great concept but the location and minimal soundproofing serves to undo the perceived benefit.  Have twice stayed for an hour-plus hoping to get a nap in after red eyes with a long layover.   However, the one hall of suites must be against some sort of service entrance for airport workers as you hear a mechanical sliding door and worker conversations the whole duration (and clearly).  For a nap, pretty useless.
Pretty cool idea, I wish they had more locations! I never stayed in one of the locations, but I did check it out and recommended it to a friend who was stuck in the airport during a snow storm layover this past January. He was very impressed with the room and what is provided. Unfortunately there isn't a shower, which would be the only thing to make this a must-stay for anyone with a layover. If you need somewhere to relax or refresh in between flights at the Philadelphia International Airport, this is a must-see.
I would pay double if I had to for the respite away from the masses - that's really what it is. Not a hotel, not a spa - it's escape from all of the ridiculous people and mad kinetic energy you will find on the daily in an airport. Sometimes you just need some time alone! I love it. Been to the one in Dallas too...please open them everywhere and add bathrooms with beverage service. Yes!
I was caught at Philadelphia airport with a delayed connection. Minute Suites provided me a free 30 minutes to pump! I cannot express enough gratitude. The room was clean and there was a TV with lots of channels. I will certainly be back at every opportunity to support such a great place. Thank you from all working moms!!
Great for layover or catch up after late flights. Could use some white noise other than the air blowing but couch was comfortable and great price.
Pretty cool concept they've got going on here with "Minute Suites." On a layover in PHL with nowhere to really turn, my Priority Pass granted me a complimentary hour-access to one of these suites as a pseudo-private lounge until my next flight.

While pretty basic in its amenities, I gotta say that I dig this idea for a private space in a large airport to simply relax and unwind before your next flight. The Minute Suites feel like mini hotel rooms equipped with a couch-bed with pillow and comforter, work desk with outlets for work, and a monitor where you can hook up your laptop. Each room has individual temperature controls so you can feel more comfortable inside.

For an extra fee, you can take a shower or order some refreshments for yourself. This isn't a typical lounge where snacks are complimentary unfortunately.

I ended up staying in the suite for half an hour before getting up and walking around the airport again. They get the job done if you need a space to simply kick off those shoes for just a bit and take a nap. Be sure to set an alarm though so you don't end up missing your flight.
What a secret gem! Who knew one could sleep at an airport!? 

Well, anyone can who isn't a Club member of any airline has Minute Suites to call on fir a comfy place to relax (per hour). 

I was flying with my pregnant sister and her husband into PHL very early in the morning: too early to check in to our hotel and really needed a place for her to rest. So with some research, I found Minute Suites online l which is actually a chain, and just signed up for 4 hours' worth of rest time. With a couple clicks and a credit card, we were booked! 

Once we arrived at the designated time, the receptionist was very sweet and showed us to our suite. She even offered to wake us up if needed (didn't need it, but a good amenity if you're alone). 

And as a side note, there are some rest supplies, snacks and drinks out in the front as well as a treat basket in the room. Yoga mats are even available for rent!

Nevertheless, the rooms are small yet cozy and above all, CLEAN. There's a tv/desk, and a couch that has a pull out level for your feet or a weary traveler friend (me) to also pass out on. 

All in all, a chill, safe cozy place to stay. If I'm ever in need of an airport sleep facility, I'm looking up Minute Suites!
Great concept. Our flight got canceled and we were stuck overnight in the airport. The time between our cancellation and rebooked flight was not enough to make it worth it to find a hotel but this was so convenient. It was also amazing to already have been through security. While they do have the hourly rate we were able to get eight hours for around $140 which was doable even though we didn't have eight hours to spend. 

The room was very basic and the air conditioner in the airport wasn't working well so it was pretty hot. Couch and pull out both covered in vinyl but was comfortable enough to meet our needs. Definitely not the same as a full hotel room. All in all was worth it for the convenience.
Priority pass members should utilize this place!

I took a red-eye into PHL and was in a weird time of "not worth it to get a hotel" and "I can sleep in this airport". I debated checking out the admirals club, but then I realized there was Minute Suites. Minute Suites helps travelers in this scenario or if there are flight delays.

Room: TV, snacks/drinks (for purchase), and a small couch with pillows and a blanket to rest on. There also happens to be a "noise dampener" in the room... I think.

Generally they are supposed to give you a knock on the door to let you know your time is up. With priority pass, it's discounted at $28/hr after the first hour free. Depending on your time constraints and desperation to sleep, this is a great option.

At the end of it, they took pity on me (did I look that tired?), and didn't charge me for my stay.
The room itself was clean and modern looking but for the price you don't really get much. The air conditioner needs to be checked because it doesn't seem to get as cool as it should. 

I would give it 5 stars if it had the following things: 

- Bathroom and showers
- A common kitchenette to make coffee or tea
- Complimentary water bottle in the rooms 
- Thicker walls to cancel out the noise
minute suites can be an oasis, especially if you're as exhausted as I was on the day I had 6 hours to kill at the Philadelphia airport. i desperately needed a 2-hour nap so I decided to book a 3-hour stay. I had to call the number and wait about 15 minutes to get someone to book me in. after explaining to the attendant that I needed a quiet place to take a nap, the attendant booked me in the suite at the end of the hall. it was unfortunately next to the tarmac and I could hear the airplane noise outside the entire time even with the noise cancellation system on high. fortunately, I had earplugs.  it was a great $100.00 nap and the service was ok but not exceptional for the money. no one explained anything to me about the "power nap" fancy features mentioned on the website but when you're desperate for sleep and able to pay up, this is your place. I was given water and face wipes. the sleeping accommodations we're comfy but sterile.
Got a chance to lie down kick off my shows and relax my feet. The girls at the front desk were extremely pleasant and did all they could to ensure I found a clean suite. It has the look of a massage/spa location. Lights are low and aide in relaxing your eyes. The suite is small but didn't feel I like was crammed in. I was able to lie down and watch tv, which helped me forget about how tired I was. Lots of channels that I recognized, so I really enjoyed that. 

Down side-nothing is complementary. Most lounges I visit have free drinks and snacks to help keep me full and relaxed. I would have liked to at least get water and chips. It's centrally located in airport and easy to find. 

I will visit next time I'm in the airport, but will buy my meal and take with me. That's allowed by the way. Go and check it out, you'll enjoy the time you're there.
I'm sitting in my Minute Suites suite as I write this review.  This is such a great service!!  I'm a frequent business traveler and had a very last minute situation where I needed to be able to conduct an online meeting/presentation in a quiet environment.  My first thought was the United Club, though I don't have a membership.  So I called United, only to learn that the price would have been $340 for a couple of hours.  For what I needed that price wasn't worth it in my opinion.  I wound up learning about Minute Suites through a friend...I am now enjoying a 5 hour stay for $120.00.  I'll spare you the redundancy - the facility is great, the staff is top notch and all of these reviews are spot on.  Keep this place in mind in case the need arises!
These suites are unbelievable and worth every penny. 2 can sleep comfortably on the couch and pull out trundle. You can work at the desk in a comfy chair. Or just chill watching tv in your beautiful flat screen tv. Free wifi too. There is white noise for noise cancelation too. Worth every penny. And they have military and airline discounts. Stacy at the front desk gives you a great tour of one explaining all the amenities.
I had just arrived from Europe hot and bothered.
I was put in a room small but clean and tidy.
However the air conditioning didn't work any the room was at 75 degrees...felt like a sauna.
I didn't like that I had to leave the facility to use the restroom on the airport concourse.
There is no shower facility no drink facility no food
First hour is free on priority plus card then $28 each hour thereafter....a bit heavy for most 
I WONT USE THIS SERVICE EVER AGAIN
I went here in lieu of a normal travel lounge as there weren't any near my gate and minute suites is included under the platinum American Express airport lounge collection. They consist of tiny little rooms with a desk and a couch with a pillow and blanket. I think if you were in between flights during a trip around the world it would be useful to stretch out here. Other than that it did not serve any purpose for me as I merely had a 2 hr flight delay between philly and Boston. There were no snacks, beverages or restrooms so it didn't work for me at all in this instance. It took the attendant a couple tries to find me an unoccupied space which must have been awkward and annoying for the weary travelers who she walked in on...
Saw this place and wanted to check it out. I always hated having layovers and no where to go and nothing to do. I will say the room was clean and had a TV, computer hook up and WiFi. However I could not get the TV to work nor the computer. Then I was going to grab one of the bottles of water and saw it was $4 for the two and decided I had enough. This was one of my shorter layovers and probably could have worked through that and the fact that I had to get to the other side of the airport didn't help either. 

I would try t again just to give them a fair shake but hope that experience would be better.
I got a free hour here through Priority Pass--actually, almost two hours due to the nice attendant who took pity on my flight cancellation resulting in being at the airport for 10 hours. 

Highlights:
-It's fast and easy to get in. They have different rooms named things like Independence and Philadelphia. 
-The rooms are pretty well-equipped. The Independence room has a daybed with available sheets, a desk, TV, mini fridge with non-alcoholic beverages (they carry an extra cost but at $2-3, are cheaper than airport convenience stores).
-There is a sound switch on the wall that controls nature sounds--sort of like a babbling brook. I found this very relaxing. 
-Four outlets for you to charge all your gear while you rest up. 

I enjoyed my free Priority Pass time, which was great. That said, at $28/hour, there is so WAY I would sit here for my whole 10-hour wait time. That's more than four days in the Admirals Club, if you pay the daily entry rate. 

Note that the suites area doesn't have its own restrooms, so you have to go across the hall. For $28/hour, I'm gonna need them to have a little single stall with some nice lotion or something. 

All that said, my stay didn't cost a dime and it was a great retreat!
It's a great concept but the price point for a couple of hours doesn't make much sense.  I spent 4 hours catching some Zs for $130.  On the plus side it was pretty quiet and the staff was fantastic.
Best idea ever, every airport needs one of these! Had an 11-hour layover in the middle of the day, which makes checking into a hotel difficult (3pm check in times), and I just wanted a place to nap and watch some TV - even better that I didn't have to leave the secured gates area! The suites are clean, convenient, really close to good shops and food options, and made my time at PHL a great experience.
This was my first experience with Minute Suites, and in some ways, it's exactly what the doctor ordered: you get a private room with a day bed, desk, TV, computer, and a basket of snacks.

However, that basket of snacks is on the minibar pricing model, and when you're already paying $27/hour via Priority Pass (more if you're not a PP member) it feels a bit off in the business model.  Provide a few free snacks and allow people to order more if they wish.

I had not been in such a concept before and I have to say it's nice to just lie down on a flat day bed after a long international flight.  May use again, but won't if there's a lounge option alternative.
Agree with the others: a smart place for a quiet nap if you are stuck in Phili w/o having to leave the terminal area.  Price is $36.72 including tax per hour.
This was a great opportunity to use my Priority Pass-- a membership perk. I receive 1 hour free using it. I had a longer than expected wait time at PHL airport. The check-in process was smooth. My only compliant would be trying to use the computer to access the multimedia. For some reason, the interface was not very user friendly. In my efforts to not waste my time in here, I gave up and just took a short nap. 

This is a good accommodation at the airport. If you are okay with small spaces, then this is a great place for some quiet time or just sleep.
Vinyl couch, no blanket, no bathroom.

Staff or clients talking in the hallway. 

Expensive.
Awesome experience. This exceeded my expectations. Quiet, cozy, clean atmosphere. I slept several hours on the daybed then I relaxed and watched TV, stretched, leaving the hustle and bustle of the airport behind. The best part about it was how kind the staff was.
The lady at the desk when i checked In was incredibly rude. She didn't even look up when i came and had the worst attitude. I called before hand to see if they had irons because i had a work event to go to when i landed in Philly. They told me they did. When i got there and checked in, i asked again. When i went to the room i asked for an iron the lady responded, "we don't got no irons. You didn't ask me for no iron." 
I asked her while checking in .... 
i left right after because even if i had a reason to stay i wouldn't because the service was just so rude. Lady working there Saturday morning July 14th at 7 AM. Wish i got her name to reference. Hate minute suites. They are never getting my service as a property pass member.
Folks, this review is for Minute Suites as the PHL option for a private area for nursing moms to feed their babes. The front desk staff was courteous, and the space was more than ample for me to sit with my nugget and feed him. Greatly appreciate this option rather than having to attempt to feed a baby who hates being covered in public! For napping, it seems sparse but with exactly what someone might need for a quick airport nap. Clean, and nice low lighting. 

Thank you for providing this service!
A useless membership. The place itself is very nice, but there is never an opening. Also, they aren't in many cities so save yourself a hassle and pass.
Horrible surprise - Minute Suites cancelled a confirmed over-night reservation with only 2 hours' notice, leaving my mildly autistic (Asperger's ) son  "Dan" stranded at the airport - during a blizzard.  Unbelievably, the lack of customer service was even worse, in my opinion.  Minute Suites blamed their lease holder, that it snowed in Philadelphia in January- they even blamed Dan !  The fact is that Minute Suites  had been warned in an email from their leaseholder that some airport businesses might be asked  to close during the storm. That email was sent the day before Dan's reservation was even made. They took  Dan's reservation without telling him about this warning!  Had they only told us of this email,  then we would never have made the reservation. The closings came  from the lease holder,  MarketPlace PHL, LLC, a private company- not a government agency.  Safety was NOT listed as a reason for closings in the emails, only flight cancellations  ( i.e., fewer patrons at airport.)  Other shops stayed open, even  the newsstands.  Also, there was a 5 hour delay between when the notice to close was sent  to Minute Suites and when they called Dan. Not  5 min.but 5 hours. They obviously had his cell phone number.
"Dan" had to be at work at the Philadelphia airport Saturday  morning on 23-Jan, despite a predicted blizzard., he opted to stay Friday night at the airport. Minute Suites doesn't have  hotel rooms (13 "suites" with daybeds and no bathrooms) but they do advertise  over-night stays at the airport.   Dan was NEVER offered any lodgings/assistance of any kind from his employer, before or during the storm.  His choices after Minute Suites cancelled : try to find a hotel nearby and hope that the shuttle bus runs in a blizzard at 3:00am,  try to sleep  in the lobby or stay in the ONLY hotel   inside the airport.  He only had 2 hour' notice. Why should he suffer or even miss work because of Minute Suites' actions?
Dan's reservation was made by me Friday morning 22-Jan, with check-in at 7:00 pm on Friday. Minute Suites sent a confirmation email but the clerk refused to take my credit card number. Dan went to the airport Friday afternoon, ahead of  the storm.  Unfortunately, he got a call at 4:40 pm telling him that they would not honor the reservation !  He could only stay for 4 hours, - at the same price.- then be turned out by 11:00 pm.  No assistance was offered.  We did file a lawsuit for $260 plus court costs.  Dan paid $310 for a hotel but as he would have spent $50 at Minute Suites, we only asked for the excess expenses. Unfortunately, the case was dismissed on a technicality BEFORE any evidence was reviewed. 
BTW,  Asperger's/ autism is not outgrown, autistic people can be great at their jobs but still benefit from help  in other  situations and they are more stressed by changes and a lack of privacy. Dan doesn't talk about his autism   I told Minute Suites on Jan. 24, only 2 days after the cancellation, to help explain Dan's situation.  I also explained how he can't pay a hotel bill with time credit from Minute Suites, so their offer of 16 hours stay was useless  to Dan.
In my opinion,  be cautious in depending on Minute Suites, most especially, in trusting them to provide customer service when problems arise.  You might be better off using an airline club room or a real hotel
Took a quick (really quick) trip to Philly to see my daughter perform in a show. Left Friday morning to see the show Friday night and had to return home (California) for a wedding on Saturday afternoon. Wasn't worth the effort or money to get a hotel room for what amounted to a few hours between arriving and departing. I made a reservation at the Minute Suites located in the PHL airport. The most challenging step was getting past airport security since it was late but once that was done, I   was good to go. The host at Minute Suites was really pleasant and helpful. Keep in mind the purpose of this business is to provide a stopover - it's not a replacement to a hotel room. I asked a lot of questions before booking a reservation; the 5* rating is because there were no surprises and the accommodations were clean, private, quiet and safe. I had to go across the hall to the ladies room to wash my face/brush my teeth but having that suite was better than camping out in the airport, clutching my purse and carryon (with one eye open). I was able to catch a few zzz's and not worry about rushing to my gate since I was literally right there. Given my hotel options, I definitely saved $$ by going with Minute Suites but again, it was a very short stay. Good to know Minute Suites is something I can consider if I need to do another fast trip!
