Had a great time in Philly with my mom. Room was gorgeous but disappointed in the breakfast. We thought we were getting a bed and breakfast. Instead we got a basic hotel continental breakfast. Staff was friendly and inviting. Also didnt realize we would have to pay for parking.
We stayed in the extended loft suite for a weekend, a large, one bedroom apartment complete with kitchenette and jacuzzi tub. The photos on the website were somewhat deceiving, as the suite differs in style from the other rooms (such as the luxury room, which wasn't vacant when I booked). There were problems with the water heater, resulting in cold showers and a sadly unused jacuzzi. The toilet wouldn't flush properly, so I had to take off the top and fix it myself on numerous occasions during our stay. 

The 'afternoon cookies' were prepared from a frozen, ready-made mix.

Overall a pleasant building, in a convenient location. However, definitely not the best value for money. I would not stay here again.
We stayed here on our trip to Philadelphia for a special event at The Mutter Museum. After red-eye flights and a night on the floor of a museum, the hot shower, fluffy robe, and amazingly soft bedding at The Morris House were just amazing.  My fellow and I were just agog at the super-friendly concierge as she just grabbed our bags and hauled ass up the stairs to our room like it was nothing! We both tried to get the bags away from her but she insisted it was not a hardship at all. Thank you so much from the bottom of our exhausted hearts! =)

Location was superb and we were delighted with the close proximity to our transit stops and delicious restaurants! I even snagged a few of the little seed jars in the parlor. I will have some delicious basil and mint in my garden and my mom will be enjoying some cucumber! Thanks for that neat little amenity! 

If and when we make it out to Philadelphia again, The Morris House is definitely our go-to for a place to stay!
I'm sorry to say my stay at Morris House Hotel differed from what I had been led to expect. Above all, it was attitude. We came in, laden with luggage, in winter coats, and stood for ten minutes before someone deigned to come to the main desk, and acted put out because apparently we were an hour early. For the next two days, it was the same thing--she always acted as if she was doing us a favor. One night the hotel provided food for a wedding party, and it was awful. One of the items on the menu was missing, and I asked about it, and one of the servers, after huffing mightily, found it. The sauce was missing. When I asked about that, he waved me away--don't bother me! 

The room was $300/night and I expected better. For one thing, there were many lights, none of which was bright enough to read under. Thinking the problem was my eyes, I asked a young person to try, and she agreed. Climate control was dodgy. The room was sort of shabby. Garbage trucks came in at 6:30 in the morning for a lengthy visit right outside the window, but I can't fault the hotel for that. 

The attached restaurant was recommended. It is open until 10, and we arrived at 9:15. "Sorry, last sitting is over! We cannot serve you."

If you want to get in or out after midnight you've got a problem. The desk is unoccupied and the gate to the property is padlocked. After a comprehensive search, I was fortunate to slide out through a fire door and a gap in the metal fence.
If I ever find myself in Philadelphia again in the future, I will go out of my way to stay at the Morris House. That's how pleased I've been with my experiences here.

Conveniently located to Independance Hall, this Bed & Breakfast takes you on a trip through time. Imagine this history this place saw!

The service here was A+. When I returned a year after my first visit and called to make a reservation as I was driving up, they remembered me from the last time I was there!

The room was comfortable and nicely decorated. 

There were all kinds of old books on the bookshelf. One caught my eye - an early 20th century book on personality disorders. My father in law, who is a psychiatrist, would love it! I asked the staff if I could possibly buy the book, and he told me to just take it. Now that's awesome.

Next time I'm there, I'll donate a few books of my own as a way of saying thank you.
I checked out this place for my wedding. Gabriella, who runs the rentals, is very helpful and nice. When you rent this place for your wedding you get the entire place. I believe there are 14 rooms (that are moderately priced for the area) that you and your guests can rent. Rooms are very up to date. There is a stunning courtyard where a tent is set up for your wedding. The tent and rentals can get to be quite pricey, so remember to factor that in when touring the facility. Connected to the outdoor space is the M Bar. This is a long, narrow restaurant with only 2 bathrooms. Your guests, unless they have a room, will need to wait to use the bathroom. The bar was well priced, around $35 per person for a wedding. venue packages vary according to season. Continental breakfast and afternoon tea is included. Very beautiful space in an incredible location. Lots of add on expenses, they do not include very much. I would say this place would be spot on for a late summer/fall wedding.
This hotel is decent if you don't plan to spend a lot of time in the room. My boyfriend and I chose to stay here during our recent visit to Philly because the price was right. While I loved the quaint, B&B feel, I much prefer modern amenities. The antiquity of Morris House made for a rather awkward stay. 

The television in our was small and situated in the armoire, which wasn't elevated enough for you to see the screen while lying down in bed. Also, it only had the Comcast basic cable package with no HBO or Encore channels. How lame is that?

There were other issues as well. First, the bedspread looked ancient and dirty. I wouldn't be surprised if it was original to the hotel. Though it might be cute for museum / preservation purposes, it was definitely uninviting to lay on. Second, there was a window in the bathroom that faced an office building, and though it was partially covered by shutters, they wouldn't close. It also didn't help that the shower was the size of a coat closet. Also, given the age of the building, anytime a truck or a train passed, the hotel shook. Finally, the staff lock the hotel doors at 10:30 or 11pm, so you have to let yourself in with your key "after hours." Kinda weird.

Overall, it wasn't that bad. The staff were friendly, the fireplace in the lounge was warm and cozy, and the cookies and tea were a nice touch; but I wouldn't call this place a "luxury" hotel. If old and historic floats your boat, this is the perfect place. However, if you prefer quaint and charming with a modern twist, I suggest going elsewhere.
I like the outside. I like the reception area. However, after two steep flights of stairs to get to a room in a historic inn only to find really really cheap worn furnishings its a big letdown. The bedroom had two hideous Ikea clothes wardrobes. No kidding. Ikea in a $500 a night room. We had a kitchenette. Why? No minibar. No bottles of water. Nothing. A ghetto kitchenette, worse than an extended stay hotel. No coffee maker either. Bathroom had a whirlpool tub that had the inspection panel held on by packing tape, really classy! The electric panel in the hall was missing a breaker and did not have a blank over the open slot, which is a health code violation.
The floors were face nailed maple, neither original, historic or nice. Scuffed to within an inch of its life. Here's why this place is worth two stars:
Ikea furniture! You should be embarrassed!  Most hotels utilize a decorator and interior design team. It costs money. Spend it. -1 star
The filled trash bag left in the hallway through our entire stay. Your staff doesn't care any more than the owner! -1 star
The overall maintenance. Shoddy work. Crappy amenities too. -1 more star
There are some very nice hotels in Philly. This isn't one of them.
A surprise stay for me at Pennsylvania Hospital left my husband and kids stranded in the city just after Christmas.  He found this charming little gem a few blocks away, and stopped to ask about a room.  The owner, Debbie, was hospitality itself!  She not only found a room for them, but sent up food and treats for the kids, and even sat with them when my husband needed to come see me at the hospital!  In every way, she treated my family as if it were her own.  Our room was comfortable and so peaceful - just what we needed after a long, stressful day!  It was furnished beautifully, and had a small deck that overlooked the prettiest courtyard garden. The atmosphere they create here is truly special: once you enter the gates, you feel like you've left the city behind.   Debbie, I will never forget your kindness!  We look forward to staying again, this time without the hospital trip!
We stayed at The Morris House which is a B&B place.  We got there early in the morning just to drop off our bags so we could walk around.  They are really close to the Historical District - Washington Square, Jewelry Row, Liberty Bell, Visitor Center, Independence Hall, etc.

YELP Check-In get 10% off your Room.  We used Travelocity I think so couldn't use both.

FREE Afternoon cookies w/ coffee, tea, or water
From 4-5pm if you show your Key you can get a glass of Wine - boo missed it cuz we didn't read the menu close enough!
Godiva chocolates on the bed & 2 FREE water bottles

FREE Breakfast in the morning is from 7am-10am.  Mini quiches, banana bread, raspberry crumble, oj, tea, coffee, cereal, oranges, apples.

Bed was comfortable.  There were robes in the bathroom.  Nice soaps, etc.

Charge it!
This is, hands down, my favorite hotel in the city.  

I have friends who come into the city semi-frequently, and we get a hotel room to feel like a vacation away from work.  We have stayed in several B&Bs, hotels, and themed hotels.  But, this 18th century masterpiece is simply the best.

The common areas are all done up in 18th century upper class style, including a common area with real fire place, a dining room where all of the guests are welcomed to come down and enjoy meals together, and a beautiful outside atrium, with individual tables, that allow you to enjoy their gardens and have a bit of private time.  

The rooms are HUGE and decorated in an 18th century - modern fusion.  The feel is 18th century, but the set up, kitchens, and techology are definitely current.  They have wi-fi (FREE) and the code is already in the room waiting for you.  The beds are super comfy and warm.  The bathrooms make you feel like you dropped about 300 years in style, but are very well stocked and comfy for the modern traveller.  

The location can't be beat.  It's walking distance from just about everything: South Street, Market East, 8th & Market, Olde City, and a short bus trip into center city.  And, if something goes wrong - Jefferson hospital is literally right across the street.  BUT, it's not their emergency department, so you don't hear sirens or anything. It sounds like the hotel is in a little secluded spot in the city.

The price is right.  The hotel is beautiful.  The location is awesome.  

I'll come back here, frequently - and you should too!
When we arrived in the morning and dropped our bags off we were told they would call us and let us know when our room would be available. They basically suggested it would be ready at 3pm, which is checking-in time anyways. We never received a call and ended up checking in at 4:30pm.

When we came back to check-in a women greeted us at the desk but joked that she wouldn't be able to check us in because she's the event planner not the person that checks us in. She asked us to sit in a room. Then the women that can check us in came back 5 minutes later and told us to get up and follow her. The point I'm trying to make here is that the rooms here are pricey and the staff are very young with a vernacular that's a little immature. I got this impression the entire time. It's 'cool' to have millennial slang with your friends but not really with your patrons. 

We were told there would be a 'European breakfast' available in the morning. I have been to Europe several times and their breakfasts consists of several varieties of cheeses, meats, & fresh fruit... this breakfast had stale bagels, one packaged cheese variety, and boxed yogurt.

Their is a sign on the bathroom describing water usage and to be considerate of their old pipes. Basically the water pressure was non-existent and the water did not get very hot. 

At check-in we were given drink vouchers for the restaurant next door. When we went in at 7pm on a Friday night, we were the only ones there .

Again, I'm unsure why this place has such high reviews with even higher prices. Unfortunately, I can not recommend this establishment.
Sorry, but we're not staying here again...

Reason: Poor staff​ attitude, overall cleanliness, lack of basic amenities, quality of food, unhelpful​ staff, room quality, etc.

We came to Philadelphia looking for a fun historic hotel to feel immersed in our history-laden vacation.  The photos of the Morris House Hotel was something that really intrigued us, so we reserved a large extended stay suite for 4 nights. Unfortunately​, the room which we received​ fell incredibly short of what we were expecting.  

Upon arrival, the girl at the front desk was not overly friendly at all. She seemed as though it were too much trouble for her to check us in and help us to our room. One of the plus sides was she carried one of our bags up to the room for us.

Once we settled into our room we noticed that the sofa bed was not set up. Upon reservation,​ we were promised that the suite sofa bed would be made up and turned down for us....but no. Instead​,​ we had to battle setting up the clumsy/cheaply-made bed ourselves. Then make the bed, which would have gone much smoother if there were extra sheets in the room...but again it wasn't that easy. Instead,​ we were forced to make a call down to the front desk and had to wait for sheets to be delivered to our room, which the girl at the front desk, yet again, didn't seem at all happy to help us with.

Finally, we got our room set up and got some rest...but then came morning and we really noticed the bathroom. The bathroom floor was disgusting (e.g. black grout, sticky tiles, sticky shower floor). And when it came time to take a shower that was even difficult. The shower handle was a tough reach unless you wanted to spray yourself in the face and the floor as you went to turn it on. Then once you get in, the curtain was drafted in towards your body and water got all over the bathroom floor. Then the pressure would change and it felt as though your skin were being firehosed off. It was not a pleasant​ experience​ at all. 

As far as our room was concerned, we got the suite with wall-to-wall carpeting. It was definitely​ in need of a thorough​ cleaning (carpeting and​ tiled floors). Also, the decor was very off. I mean since when is a photograph of the Sierra​ Nevada​ desert historical? Or related​ to Philadelphia in any way? Or better yet, decor that belongs in a bathroom? And how about those tvs...I don't understand how​ the largest tv has basic def and the smallest has HD...

Moving on...the kitchenette was okay just not very roomy. It was tough to move around the large glass table to prep our food. We definitely​ liked how we had a small balcony, just wish the view was a bit better and didn't have a view of the dumpsters and outdoor storage area.

On the​ plus side,​ the courtyard/outdoor eating area was beautiful. It felt like a small paradise in the midst of a giant city. The continental breakfast was alright, just wish they offered a bit more.

The highly recommended attached restaurant​ is not something I would recommend​ to anyone. It was far overpriced for the amount and quality of food you get. It was also extremely cramped.

And again with the staff. I guess it wasn't only the girl who checked us in who had a​ poor attitude. It seems that most of the staff did. And we witnessed one of the staff members actually browsing Facebook instead of tending to guests. Beyond ridiculous.

One of the most aggravating parts was that we spent about $1K on this visit and had such a poor experience​.

One of the pros was that it was in a great location. Easy to get to everything in the historical district. 

But again...NEVER again!


​
My husband surprised me with a weekend in Philly at this boutique hotel. It was our first time there, but we absolutely loved it. The room was huge with a big bathroom complete with tub and shower, kitchen, living room and bedroom. The bed was very comfortable and we enjoyed our stay. All of the staff we dealt with was very friendly and helpful. Based on previous reviews, we didn't waste our time with the breakfast so I can't speak to that, but we did enjoy the cookies the couple of nights we were there which were very fresh and delicious. Also, the location is close enough to all the action of center city but also in a quiet neighborhood which is a nice balance. I definitely will be returning to the Morris House.
I'm way, way late on writing this as I stayed here over a month ago, that being said the positive vibe I have from staying at Morris House has not yet waned.

I live maybe 12 blocks south of here, so my this was a special staycation courtesy of my lovely girlfriend.  A perfect choice.  Never did I feel close to home during my night here, even when walking out the doors to dinner or to play tourist the following morning.  Morris House transports you.  Makes you think "hey, living in the 18th Century doesn't seem so bad..." until you remember this is the 1700's version of living in a Rittenhouse penthouse today.

The staff was accommodating, the confines spacious and comfortable, and from what I understand at a decent price.  Highly recommended for visitors from near and far.
The Morris House is a national registered landmark that is now an upscale boutique hotel. The colonial mansion was originally built in the mid-1700's for the Morris Family, who owned it for over a century. Our large room was perfectly decorated in a modern yet timeless design, no overdone antique florals here, that still conveyed an old-fashioned charm. I loved the gourmet chocolates and designer bath products outfitted in the rooms. There was a gorgeous fireplace and a hundred books or so in the built-in bookcases flanking each side. I picked a medical book out from the late 19th century to peruse while on our comfy, spacious bed and was entertained by the floridly archaic diagnoses. The private garden was very lovely and so were the downstairs rooms where complimentary high tea was served and in another room, the included breakfast was elegantly offered up. It's very romantic and located close to all the must see sights of Philadelphia. The staff was very courteous and professional. I thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would go back in a heartbeat.
Years ago, I mentioned that I always wanted to stay here. Well, my husband remembered this and booked a night here for us as an anniversary surprise. Score one for the hubs!! Our room oozed revolutionary charm. The hotel must have either painted or re-varnished...that type of odor was present when we entered the lobby and again in our room. We opened the window and it had dissipated by the time we got back from dinner. The hot water was a bit slow to heat up, as well. Neither of these things diminished my enjoyment, however. The hotel sent celebratory champagne to our room, they had afternoon coffee and cookies, complimentary wine with evening happy hour, continental breakfast with a nice array of options, comfy bed and pillows and the bartender at the M Restaurant was friendly and even let us sample a few interesting spirits. It was all capped off by the proximity to Independence Mall (which is amazing in the moonlight). Happy anniversary to me :o)
WOW. This place.

I chose this as our hotel for my friend's bachelorette party based on my boyfriend's recommendation. He had been there for a birthday get together before. Booking was easy, and the front desk staff is extremely nice and accommodating. The whole hotel is lovely, with free coffee/tea all day (I think) and cookies in the parlor in the afternoon. There's an attached restaurant that looks quite nice, but we didn't eat there.

We booked what is advertised as their honeymoon suite. I wish I could live there. It was spacious, modern, and had everything we could have needed, and then some. We had 3 girls staying in there, and they brought in a cot (for an extra charge), but the sofa could probably have slept 1-2 more if needed. There was a water closet and sink in the loft area (up the spiral stairs), as well as a king sized bed with TV--tons of channels. There was a full kitchen on the main floor, living area with TV, dining room table and hutch, and bathroom with jacuzzi and two bathrobes. Our favorite part was the gorgeous balcony overlooking he garden/restaurant area. It was so nice hanging out there before going out and would be a nice place to have morning coffee.

I've never had a more enjoyable stay anywhere, but it obviously comes with a cost. The suite was $499, so it's certainly a special occasion kind of thing (or cost-splitting option.) Still, it was a highlight to the night. And I believe it was worth every penny. Highly recommend!!
I'll preface this by saying I would stay here again.  It's charming and rustic but the interior rooms are well appointed.  Killer location in DT Philly.  The staff is very friendly although I could skull a few of the guests at breakfast but overbearing guests are not the hotels fault.  The only dings I have are 2 remote controls to run the TV and stale croisants at breakfast (with downright rude breakfast guests).  Parking garage is located right across the street and was 10 bucks.
The Morris House Hotel was an absolute delight to stay at. We were in the Carriage House and it was gorgeous (room 102 specifically). The hotel is full of classical charm and history. I think the details of the carriage house are beautifully done and the view from that deck is to die for!!! Looking out into that garden was the nicest thing to wake up to in the morning. 

There was a cute little kitchenette in the room with a nice keurig for our morning coffee. They were so nice to keep the pods for us to have a morning cup and I loved bringing the coffee down to the garden by the gazebo in the morning. It was so tranquil and the greenery was lovely. 

The staff was so kind to us and was always attentive to our needs. They were nothing but friendly when we arrived and checked out and always answered if we needed more towels or a keurig cup. 

I've stayed at many hotels, but there is just something that makes you feel so at home at the Morris House. This is a place I will absolutely stay upon my next visit to Philadelphia.
I'm conflicted writing this review.  I think the deduction is more because the hotel wasn't a good fit for us more than any glaring shortcomings.  

Anyhow, my wife and I stayed in the mini-suite for a one night trip to Philadelphia.  We got there a bit early and the staff (one person from what I can tell) tried to accommodate us and checked us in early.

We also signed up for the "Just the Two of Us" package which added a picnic lunch, champagne, and chocolate covered strawberries to the room.  The picnic lunch was enough for two, but a little underwhelming (packaged chicken ceasar salad with squishy croutons, box of flatbread crackers, spinach artichoke dip, chocolate pudding parfait).  On the up side it came with a nice basket and picnic blanket.

The room was clean and spacious, but the "sitting area" was superflous, it was two chairs, a table, and a 1970's "trouser press". 

The continental breakfast was OK, nothing special at all (croissants, juice/tea/coffee, apples, oranges, a few crumb cakes, and toast.).  Other reviews show quiche, this was not a choice on our morning.  The place is very quiet, good for a night's sleep.

 I want to clarify that there was nothing bad about the hotel and our limited staff interaction was fine, it just didn't wow us in any way.
Stayed here for a night while a family member was at U Penn Hospital - it's the closest hotel to the hospital complex.

It's quaint and rustic and has it's charms. We stayed in a mini suite which was clean and well set up. Parking is difficult as there is no courtyard or drive to pull into and the parking enforcement agents are to say the least - enthusiastic. 

They advertize breakfast but it was non existent. 2 or 3 boxes of cold cereal and a few slices of bread for toast. It was all gone by 8am.  

The cons are really guest size specific, the furniture in our room was tiny (chairs were kid sized) and the largest bed they offer is a Queen (despite the pictures. There is no elevator and the staircase is pretty tight if you have a large bag. They advertize a gym but they don't tell you it's an additional $10 per day.

If you like the history and the period ambiance it's a nice place to stay. If you want more hotel bang for your buck go 2 blocks over and stay at the Holiday Inn Express.
Please know that when I say that The Morris House in Philadelphia was one of the most enjoyable hotel experiences I've ever had, I say that with no hyperbole.

The fam and I took a quick weekend jaunt up to Philadelphia this weekend and while looking for accommodations, I happened across information about The Morris House.  It was a little bit more than my target price was for a place, but the photos on their website looked so inviting that we said what the heck and booked a room there anyway.  Worth every penny!

The second we arrived the concierge checked us in and took us on a little tour of the house.  The Morris House is actually an old converted colonial style house (two actually), previously owned by Robert Morris and his ancestors.  We were shown the sitting room, the dining room, the library, and the hot chocolate which was quite welcome as it was in the mid-40s outside.

Next, we were taken across the courtyard and to our room.  Up a couple of floors it was gorgeous.  Of course the footprint was that of an old colonial living area, but everything within the room had been updated.  Flat screen TVs, modern fixtures, and of course free wi-fi (which I promptly used to check in on Yelp).

Location-wise The Morris Hotel is literally only a couple of blocks from all of the historical stuff in Philadelphia that you came to visit.  We were out the door and at Independence Hall without about 30 minutes of our arrival.  In addition to the historical attractions nearby, the area is full of an eclectic mix of restaurants.  We tried three of them in short order.  The hotel has its own, but with so much else to see we never got around to dining there.

In addition, the hotel had a fantastic continental breakfast.  I'm not talking about the cold boiled eggs, cheerios, and bagels that you might be used to at some chain hotel.  They had something for everybody in my family.  We were all quite satisfied and fortified this morning as we fueled up for a day of Philadelphia exploration.

If there is any down side to the hotel it's that parking is a pain, but I will put that on being in a city that is over 300 years old, rather than on the hotel.  There was zero on-street parking to be had so we ended up just leaving the car in the structure that's literally right across the street from the hotel.  It wasn't exactly like we needed our car as everything is so close.

Finally, The Morris House is not part of some chain.  I would always rather patronize local independent businesses.
My friend, who lives in the neighborhood, and I decided to go to the Morris House restaurant and bar because it looks so sweet and charming and we thought it would be nice to have a glass of wine in their garden to end our nice evening. Nice nice nice. Mellow and relaxed.

It was barely 9:30 pm on a Wednesday and we were turned away by the manager because they had just called last call 5 minutes before we walked in. OK. I guess that is their prerogative, but if they had been cool and let us have that nice glass of wine, I would totally come back and recommend it to my friends and probably recommend the hotel to my out of town friends. Just saying. Weird way of doing business in a recession.

There was a cool waiter though. He tried, but the manager was having none of it. I guess it is more of a hotel and maybe they don't really want people in their bar.
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this hotel!!! 
First off, it was built in 1787 and still retains its historic charm with the old creaky plank floors, original fireplaces, old portraits...it's beautiful.
The location couldn't be better, just two blocks from Independence Hall and walking distance to just about anything.
We stayed in suite 203, which has a lovely sitting room with a fold out twin couch and a nicely decorated room with a queen bed and nice bathroom. The bookshelves are filled with old books and really felt "at home" here.
There are only 15 rooms and we felt like we were staying in someone's home...well, I guess we were. It's the old Morris home that had been in the family for 120 years. It feels like more of a large B&B than a hotel and it is boiling over with charm. 
The rooms are very reasonably priced, especially given the close proximity to everything.
The one downside, which was not their fault, is that given that the place has been around since 1787, I was kind of hoping to experience some kind of haunting, but that didn't happen. Oh, well!
I couldn't have been more happy with the hotel and highly recommend it.
This is our favorite place to stay in Philadelphia. The Morris House has the ambiance of a bed & breakfast and the ammenities of a small boutique hotel. Each room is unique and can be "checked out" on the website in advance. The hotel has a historic and comfortable feel, not only in the rooms but also the ground floor library and dining rooms. We especially like the rooms with views of the courtyard. The Morris House is within walking distance of Independence Hall and the vibrant neighborhoods near Thomas Jefferson Uiversity and South Street.
A very pretty and conveniently located boutique hotel in Philadelphia.  Most of my family and my in-laws stayed here on a "Meet the Parents" weekend. The staff was friendly and helpful with questions about the city.  The rooms were clean and nicely decorated and breakfast was very good.
I'd give this property six stars if I could. Great service, clean, charming and a great price for a big city downtown hotel. 
Amenities include continental breakfast, coffee, tea and cookies, and complimentary wine in the evening. 

The restaurant is equally appealing. I'd stay again.
I just stayed here last night-this place is lovely.  The staff is super helpful and nice...my boyfriend and I stayed in one of the suites, which was fabulous. It was very nicely decorated, with a small but functional kitchen, and the bathroom was gorgeous and had a jacuzzi tub.  The bed was very comfortable. My only complaint was I didn't feel they had enough selections for breakfast. I'm used to BnB's in California--all the ones I've been to in the past give you a full eggs and bacon type of breakfast; at Morris House, choices were limited to an eggy, not too tasty breakfast quiche, and some meat slabs.  The coffee was good, though, and they supplied orange juice.  The location is great. At night, there is a lot to do within walking distance. My friends and I hit a great pub on Walnut street and felt totally safe walking back to Morris House.   Despite my dissatisfaction with the breakfast, I like this place a lot. I will definitely stay here again!
I had a pleasant overnight stay here last month. The room was clean and pretty. The decor all over the hotel is so nice and you just know your are staying someplace special. The staff were all very nice and accommodating as well! I loved how close it is to all the Olde City sights.
As long as there is a room available at the Morris House, I won't stay anywhere else in Philadelphia.

The staff were very helpful.  We showed up at 8 AM after a red-eye flight, knowing that check-in wasn't until 3.  They invited us to partake of the breakfast, allowed us to purchase a pass to the affiliated gym and rest in the lounge.  They expedited the room cleaning and we were checked in by 1:00.

The building is charming, including the courtyard where the wedding we were in town for took place.  The rooms are comfortable and have individual personality.  The breakfast is delicious.  The location can't be beat.

I didn't mind the lack of an elevator, but that is the only reason I can think of to pick someplace else in downtown Philadelphia.
Such a wonderful atmosphere, with great location, very comfortable beds and simple but perfect amenities. We loved staying here for this hotel's historical character which was perfect for exploring the historical area we were only a block from. Would recommend this stay to anyone. However, if you're not good with stairs, you may want to request a lower level room.
What a beautiful oasis conveniently located within the city-particularly festive and beautifully decorated for the holidays! Rooms are spacious with comfortable beds, deluxe toiletries supplied in the guest bathrooms and a wonderful breakfast! The garden area is beautiful in every season, and the front entrance is quite impressive.The only thing better is the staff which, with smiling faces,was always eager to please. Great recommendation with easy parking opposite side of street  in an enclosed parking garage (separate fee).
This is our favorite hotel to stay at when we visit Philly. Excellent location and awesome staff. They are so helpful and friendly, and will accommodate you in every way. The rooms are impeccably clean, beautifully decorated and comfortable. This landmark building dates back to 1787, and brings you back in time. In the evening, you can sit in front the parlor fireplace with freshly baked cookies and a hot beverage of your choice. This is truly a hidden gem that should not be missed.
My wife and I recently stayed here for the second time and enjoyed it even more this time. The staff is courteous, friendly and professional, the surroundings are very comfortable and you're right in the historic district in a refurbished historic townhouse. While it's adjacent to a busy street, the courtyard (which is a must) is like an oasis. Continental breakfast in the dining room or, better yet, the historically accurate library looking out on the courtyard is another must. I've read that some people disliked the noise of the nearby subway, but I stayed in SF in a 23rd story hotel room and could hear the cable cars. So, the traveler has to decide what matters more. If you want solitude maybe you should stay on the outskirts instead. If you want to be right in the city this is a great place.
