Not sure what there Motto is... or why it's named Motto... but I had a pretty enjoyable stay at this hotel in Philly. 

A few things: 

*The room is tight, but the space is used well. They have plenty of space saving things that allow you to get comfortable in such a cozy room (plenty of hooks on the walls, corner shelving, stuff that's hanging instead of placed on a table). FYI there is no desk in the room. So if you need to work... plan on doing it in bed... or somewhere else. 

*I think the most important thing to know about Motto is... when you're trying to find it... don't look for a large hotel lol. I drove around the block two or three times looking for this place. The signage is that almost of a store front. When I think of hotel, I think of a large entrance with a car pull around, and a giant lit up emblazoned sign on the top of the building with the hotel's name. Motto totally blends into the street as if it were a restaurant or something. 

*When you enter, it feels like you're entering into a cafe lol. And then you kinda go towards a bustling bar area and see the small front desk. That's where you check in. 

*There's not a ton of amenities and it feels like it has a younger vibe. Ice buckets in the rooms are little white plastic buckets that you might get caramel popcorn in. There is no robe (which my old boss feels is a sort of standard bearer for how nice a hotel is). And trust me... she's stayed in A LOT of hotels. 

But honestly, for a last minute booking, it was affordable, is in a really nice area and definitely suits the needs of 1 or 2 people. 

The rooms definitely feels newer too. Nothing feels outdated at all. The shower ( no tub) is really nice and had great water pressure. 

There were really two big annoyances for me. 

1) How difficult it was too find. I feel like the hotel should really give instructions when booking. 

2) The parking garage across the street that I parked in was a big pain. When I went to leave the next morning- they were totally weeded. It took about 25 or so minutes to get my car out with a long line of people waiting... and for about 10-15 of those minutes I was simply waiting for someone to pay for my ticket. 

I would strongly suggest that the hotel works with the parking garage across the street so I could pay for my parking at the front desk like a bunch of other hotels I've been too. That would have saved some time. Also, it was not cheap. But, as I found, parking in Philly is generally out-of-control expensive.
We haven't stayed at this hotel, but since I'd heard about a new year round Rooftop open up in center city, we had to check it out. Turns out we went on the first Friday and we went around 4:30, we were asked to wait since the place wasn't even open. But Lucky for us we got a chance to hang out in the lobby and look over their other restaurant Condesca which is a Mexican restaurant owned by the same people who have Suraya in fishtown. 
The lounge el azteca is Mexico inspired with cocktails and few apps. I loved the atmosphere and the fact that it is a year round roof top is a major plus. 
Definitely a great addition to the Philadelphia food and beverage seen.
Lets start with the pros: 
Great location. $12 a day parking next door for the weekends. Tons of restaurants and bars nearby including inside the hotel(pricy). Friendly and attentive staff. Price of a room is low compared to the nearby competition.

Cons:
Staff can be a tad over aggressive in verifying the legitimacy of making sure you're a guest...like bruh calm down! 
The cement ceilings in the rooms gives it a maximum security chic kinda vibe. Think Shawshank Redemption but the sensitive needs side.
Maid service never came for the whole weekend. Not sure they have it.
Room doesnt have an iron or board. Have to be specially requested.

Worst part though...walls are SUPER SUPER THIN! I can literally hear someone opening their blinds next door, footsteps above us and any and all conversations. Everything happening in the hallways...we heard that too. Did I forget to mention all the sex our neighbors were having? We banged on the wall to request more hair pulling, spanking and biblical references but they decided to get quiet instead...well that time anyway. The couple upstairs did a better job. We found out quickly who her daddy was.
Place is super cute and trendy but rooms are very very small. No real closet in the room
First time in Philly. We enjoyed staying at this hotel. It's simple and minimalistic. I've read other reviews and I knew coming into this hotel that they don't have an iron, fridge, ice machine. We stayed for two nights. At night you could hear your neighbors opening their front doors, but I still slept well. We also ate at the rooftop bar. Beautiful views up there! Order tacos, margaritas and popsicles. Yum! I recommend staying here.
Nice looking minimalist hotel.  Check in was very easy, your key is used in the elevator to get you to your floor, it's also used on the front doors after midnight.

The room itself is nice.  Cozy, it's not a huge room.  The bed was very comfortable, I saw people say there was nowhere to put your clothes.  There are hangers near the door and drawers under the bench by the window, as well as a drawer in each night table.  The bathroom is a bit small, nice shower though it takes like 2 minutes to warm up, but when it gets hot, it's like a volcano erupted.  Also, the bathroom door is just frosted glass, with the toilet right at the door.  A bit of an odd choice, but if you are into watching that, well there you go.

They have a coffee bar at the entrance to the hotel.  The coffee is good, better than some of the places in the area.  They also have a taco restaurant on the roof.  I wanted to check it out, but it gets super busy and you can't just go up.  You need to see the desk and they send a certain amount of people up at a time, honestly it was too much of a hassle.

Each floor has a water station.  You can fill up water bottles there, but it took me a bit to find the ice machine.  It's in the basement near the fitness center.  1 ice machine for the whole hotel.  Also, if you want extra towels, you have to ask at the desk.  We did, we also never got extra towels, oh well.

Parking is across the street.  $35 a night, don't toss away your ticket, as you can come and go as you please.
The rooms are like if IKEA did a makeover of  medium security prison cells. No fridge, microwave or coffee maker. Not even a chair nor would there be space to put one. Fortunately comfortable bed and great television. Spacious lobby if you need to actually spread out and get some work done, like enough space to write an email or tie your shoes.

As many have mentioned the walls are very thin and you can hear drunk people late at night talking too loud. That was most likely us, pie-eyed and complaining about what an awful, filthy city this is. They gave us coupons for a "Free Breakfast" which consisted of coffee and your choice of one a few ugly, dry pastries. I handed my coupons out to homeless people who aren't hard to find around here.

Neighborhood has plenty of things nearby including a bevy of shuttered businesses for sale or rent and a few great bars. 

Courteous staff.
Motto by Hilton Philadelphia at Rittenhouse Square was my home for five nights during Thanksgiving Week 2021. Prime location in Center City at reasonable prices!  About a 10-minute walk to Rittenhouse Square and many fine restaurants of different cuisines. The staff was outstanding and I was able to check in to my room early. Requested daily room upkeep and that was done. Jenni, one of the stellar hotel employees, helped me a request and was very patient and professional.  Even one week after my visit, Jenni reached out to me with an answer to a question I had. The public seating places on the ground floor are super clean and new. There is a rooftop Mexican restaurant on the 11th floor which I'll have to check out during a future visit. Condesa, the restaurant on the ground floor, is open Tuesday through Saturday, except for holidays.  I dined there on the Wednesday before Thanksgiving. Attentive service and excellent food.   New bedding and furniture in the rooms as the hotel opened up in spring 2021. Small rooms, so go for a Queen Studio if space is a priority.  Hilton Gold Rewards Members have the option to get a complimentary continental breakfast -- just tell the reception desk at the time of check-in, go to the Mexican cafe in the morning and tell the employee your name. Gold members also can choose points instead of breakfast. The black-out blinds are the best I ever experienced. It could be mid-day and if both blinds are lowered, the room will be pitch black.
Do NOT stay here if you want to sleep in a clean bed and clean room! They are not cleaning or doing due diligence to make sure guests are comfortable during their stay. My boyfriend and I stayed here for two days and didn't notice until the second night that the bottom of our sheets were soaked in blood. It was traumatic and horrible. They comped us for the room but I would have rather not been exposed to a biohazard during my stay. STAY AWAY!
Outstanding. I wasn't sure what to expect when I booked a room here for a quick one night stay in Philly recently - from what I've heard of other hotels like this, I figured the room would be the size of a coffin and the amenities would be nonexistent. But I was wrong on both - this place is legitimately awesome! 

When I arrived, I was greeted by several employees who literally fell over themselves to welcome me and ask how they could help. Check-in was pleasant and super fast.

The staff was likewise helpful in all my interactions with them. Late check-out? Boom. Restaurant recs? Boom. Can I borrow a pen? Boom. 

The room was sweet. Deceptively spacious - probably smaller than your average big city downtown hotel room, but the minimalist decor allowed for ample space. It was also spotlessly clean. And finally - one of my biggest I'm-turning-into-my-father complaints from other stays elsewhere - I heard absolutely no noise from adjacent rooms or the hallway during the night. 

The amenities were also super nice. Very welcoming lobby. Upscale food, drinks, and barista onsite. Efficient little fitness center.

Finally - the location was phenomenal. Right off Market street - a 10 minute walk from the train station, a 5 minute walk to the city hall area. Nice restaurants all over the place!

Keep doing what you're doing Pod Philly! I'll be back.
Stayed here for a few days. The hotel itself was super simple (which is what we wanted) and had everything we needed. Front desk was nice for the most part. Location was pretty good too.

One star removed because we had to contact the front desk multiple times for soap, shampoo etc. We would call and they said they would send someone up and hours later no one would be here. Eventually they helped but it was clear no one cared or listened.

Another star removed (and the main reason for this review at all) is because the walls are SUPER thin. You can literally hear everyone in the room next to you as well as the people in the hallway. I can tell you all about how the couple next to us got back at 3 am and the girl was crying because she was going to throw up, or about how she made her boyfriend wash her legs late at night, or what their favorite country song is and why they forgot to pack a Bluetooth speaker (thank goodness) or about the time they had loud 4 minute sex at 3 p.m. 

It's cheap here but I likely won't be staying here again.
Yes, the rooms are small but super cozy with a loft-like vibe. Bathroom is roomy and front desk staff let us do an early check-in at 8:30am after a red-eye flight. The lobby and bar are very welcoming and stylish. No microwave, coffee maker or fridge in the rooms if that's important to you. Water filling stations on each floor. The location is perfect and I'm very happy I picked Motto for my first trip to Philly. Would return in a heartbeat.
Minimalist hotel is another way to say upscale hostel. The rooms are very small with essentially no luxuries to speak of - bed, TV, small shelves, shower, sink and toilet. The walls are thin and we were subjected to 2am noise in the hallway that kept us up for almost an hour until security got the rude guest to cease banging on doors. Mask wearing in the lobby is mandatory but not enforced so expect about a 75% compliance rate. The noise off Market St can be excessive on weekend nights when drag racing appears to be the activity of choice in Philly for late night fun. What's good? The location, the price, the clean room, and the hotel staff. Overall - you get what you pay for.
Very comfortable, really nice staff (voluntarily offered us an umbrella when it was raining), clean rooms that are so small you could long jump across them, and a 24-hour gym. Didn't stay long enough to visit the rooftop bar/restaurant but that sounded fun. Would stay again, but might upgrade to a slightly bigger room.

(By the way, loved the hardwood/vinyl floors instead of carpeting but I don't know why. Just seemed cleaner.)
