Okay-- first thing to understand is that when you are only paying $68 a night, your expectations should not be very high. 

Second thing is that the first couple floors are "Residential" (week to month-long stays), and that's not exactly the best quality clientele for a hotel. 

Final thing is that a hotel is, at heart, merely a place for you sleep and bathe while you are in a place where you lack those things and need them so you can do whatever it is you are there for. 

That being said-- this hotel is conveniently located just off I-76 at City and Belmont Aves and has a mini-parking "garage" in the rear. Every room offers at least one bed, a working bathroom with a bathtub-shower, and TV with cable, including HBO. 

More importantly, you can stay for a week for the same price as two nights in just about any other hotel in Philly (besides the Blue moon, anyway). The staff is nice, if disinterested. I have used the North American for real reasons and party reasons in the past, and I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again (unless I get rich before the next time I or someone I know needs a spot to stay). 

However, some important caveats: 
1. I don't recommend leaving anything very valuable (from watches to laptops) in the room. 
2. I do recommend bringing your own sheets and towels (though purely for quality and not for cleanliness). 
3. Be forewarned that your stay may include the pleasure of a vibrating bed from the thumping bass pounding upwards from the crazy foreign wedding taking place in the "ballroom" and restaurant on the ground floor. 
4. Be forewarned that your next door neighbors might just be crackheads who decide to fight all night long (when they're not slamming their bed into the adjoining wall). 
5. Remember that all through high school my friends and I partied here on occasional weekends, and that kids still do. 
6. Remember that a functioning bathroom does NOT mean the shower faucets won't leak and that the toilet won't rock. 
7. Remember that "smoking rooms" doesn't always just mean cigarettes. 

If any of the above sounds intolerable, than you, like the previous guest who stayed in the room I got the last time i was there, "should've stayed at the Hilton"... But, if pure utility and cheapness is your aim-- the North American is the spot for you...
Firstly, it's important to note that the air conditioner in the ENTIRE building was broken. This left every single room at an unreal disgusting level of heat. This added and really began the general warzone enviorment of this place. 

The Biscuits kids were mostly on the 3rd floor; literally every single room was filled with kidz. Because of the heat, most kidz spent the days with their doors wide open, literally partying in the hallway. A knock on my door within an hour of arriving really spelled out the environment---I opened the door and a random wook handing me a bag of wine to slap and then turned his backpack around to reveal a tank, which he blasted me a phatty out of and continued on his way. 

The general Bisco Drug Bizarre atmosphere increased steadily, and coupled with the heat things started to get seriously amphibious. It was when the hundred plus black people arrived for some kind of party....wedding....who knows what; that shit really hit the fan. 

This black wedding got out of control. And not in a fun and buck way, but in a fucking Vietnam / LA Riots mash-up that was quite terrifying. Reports included men go toe to toe shirtless in the parking lot, beating each other madly. The lobby was littered with blood spatter and glass. A fire extinguisher was thrown through a window. My friend walked by a guy dragging a metal street pole into the hotel as a weapon. Many, many cops arrived. The black prostitutes were there too, and made things far more insane and surreal. 

The second day the fucking insanity continued; the heat caused me and my homies to cut the cauking out of the windows with a knife just to let some air in the room. Meanwhile the night before spilled over into the morning, tanks being literally cracked in the hallway and kids lined up and down the halls fishing out, rambling, and selling fucking hat pins like a it was an open air flee-market for useless drug band trinkets. Soon another large swarm of black guys showed up, this time for a hotel room party, which once again got insanely out of control on teh second night. 

These several black guys were fucking wasted, and were really fucking with kidz as they crossed through the halls. This is serious stuff, but my roomate's friend even had his girflriend get alledgedly sexually assaulted by these guys, who apparently grabbed her and began molesting her quite criminally. One of the molesters yelled to an oncoming girl and her boyfriend "YOU BETTER WATCH YOUR BITCH, OR I'LL DICK HER DOWN." 

This place was a fucking warzone at all times. There's so much more to be said but I'm gonna let otheres chime in. This shit made the HOJO in 07 look like a formal dinner at the White House.
So I was in a desperate situation yesterday with 15 inches of snow and was unable to make it home.  Since the Hilton and Crowne Plaza was booked, the only place available was the fine establishment, which is the North American Motor Inns.  

For starters, the parking garage was on an incline where if you did one thing wrong you'd be off a cliff and dead.  By the time you enter the Motel you probably wish you actually were dead.  The registration was located behind bulletproof glass and they gave me an actual key!!!  Not a swipe card, but a key as if this was 1985.  

Took the elevator, which probably hasn't been updated since FDR was President, and after taking 8 minutes to get up one floor I see two couples arguing in the hallway.  Probably over drugs, but who cares!!  Got into the room and it looked normal from afar.  But then the fun began.  Sink was practically clogged with two little bags of soap (See pics) and no towels.  No F'in Towels??  What the F am I supposed to use, toilet paper??  Thank god my stomach didn't bother me during my stay.  

Went downstairs to get towels, which were clean thankfully and big enough to put around my 3 year old son.  From there I looked up at the fire alarm, which had duck tape around it.  Not that I had a choice on where to stay, but looked at some of the other reviews and they were dead on.  Went outside to move my car to a safe place and ran into a police officer who actually patrols the place at night thank god.  Got back upstairs and turned on the television, which actually had cable but very basic.  Would be kidding myself if I expected to have the ON Demand feature with new movies and porn.  Probably would have rented a porn as it would have been fitting for such a nice establishment.  At least they had wifi, which worked 5 minutes at a time.  

Overall, if you are looking for a good time, a place to smoke crack, or shoot heroin and maybe contract an STD or two.  This is the place for you.  The Philadelphia Buyers Club.
Instead of a mint on our pillow upon arrival, we were greeted by a condom (used) caked into the floor. Witnessed 2 drug deals while smoking a cigarette outside and the icing on the cake was the loudmouth housekeeper literally screaming at us upon checkout- trying to swingle a "45$ fee" out of us for her purse. Place Is a decrepit shithole that had zero management skills and zero customer service skills. ZERO STARS
This place really deserves no stars. One word to describe this place "Ghetto.". This place houses prostitutes and drug addicts. My fiend is a cop and there have been many times they have gotten called out to this hotel because there was a dead body found in one of the rooms. I swear!!! Only someone with low class standards would ever have an event here. So gross!!!!! Place needs to burn down.
Once upon a time(about 2yrs ago), my  track club booked rooms here via hotels.com, when we got there, the rooms were no long available. The "Manager" was unprofessional, had no explanation as to why our rooms were not available any longer(we arrived at 7pm, not too late).  This guy then proceeded to verbally assaulted our Club President.  Never have I seen a motel Manager ever be so openly rude to anyone.  To add some flavor to this whole scene, lets say the parking structure was something that should have been used as a set in a horror film.  Honestly, I'm glad they gave our rooms away, because I would have been scared to see what the rooms looked like.  PS, no joke, a wedding party was in full swing there while we were getting our time wasted at the front desk(and this is probably why our booking "wasn't in the system").

They had signs in the lobby indicating that they would pay $20 IN CASH to anyone who gave a perfect score review on the internet.  Absolutely terrible. Pure trash.  . Just keep on driving, sleep in your car, you'd be safer.
If less than 1 star were possible, this place would earn it.  I booked a room at this place for three nights, so I saw plenty of things that will keep me from ever staying here again or recommending it to a friend.

Check-in is after 3:00 pm.  At any other hotel/motel, you can get there at any time during the night with no issue.  At this place, if you haven't checked in by 6:00 pm, your room might have been given away.  I arrived at 7:30 pm (perfectly reasonable) to find that not only had my room been given away, but all the other rooms were "booked".  I asked the woman if there was any other place nearby with comparable prices, and miraculously they "found" a room and it would be ready in 15 minutes.  Meanwhile, another guest of the hotel arrived to find the exact same dilemma (gave her room away, had her wait while they "cleaned" a room for her to stay in).  

Constant door slamming throughout the night, yelling in the hallways, loud music/bass until 3 am or later from wedding parties/etc..these are all things that I can deal with.  

The room smells terrible.  Like mildew, as someone mentioned in another review.  This is probably due to the fact that there isn't a fan in the bathroom to remove the moisture from the showers.  I realize this isn't unheard of, so I'll let that slide.  But, there were cigarette burns in the bedding, holes in the drywall, and the TV stand appears to have been kicked in by Bruce Lee.

The A/C has an on/off switch, but no way to control the temperature.  (Not that it matters, it blows room temperature air out.  You're going to wake up sweating no matter what.)  Humid rooms lead to mildew and other molds, so this is a likely cause of the smell.

The two glass panes of the windows were sealed with a strip of caulk, but halfway down the caulk had been removed/fallen off.  Hot, humid air was pouring into the room.  The A/C was running non-stop in the room for 3 days and it did NOTHING.  

By far the worst part was what we discovered behind the nightstand/beds.  Not surprisingly, this place seems to have a mouse/rat problem.  However, I feel there is some sort of health code violation attached to lining the perimeter of the room with loose rat poison pellets.  

Needless to say, I won't be staying here again.  I was in town for a music festival and this was the only place I could find that wasn't $200+ a night.  In retrospect, I wish I had paid twice the price and stayed somewhere that won't give me lung cancer from breathing in rat poison.

But hey, at least there's a Boston Market a few doors down, am I right?
My father and I were attending a legal seminar down the street and thought we found a bargain.  This was most frightening and unaccommodating looking establishment I have ever seen. We drove into the horrible collapsing labyrinth of a parking garage to find apparent prostitutes sitting in their car and people fighting.  I like to use yelp, but I recommend that you read and believe any of the worst reviews on trip advisor.  We left that parking garage and never looked back.
On February 12, 2016 my brother and I stayed at the North American Motor Inn on City Line Ave.  Before arrival my brother had read reviews of this hotel and had expressed concern however at that point we thought the hotel was already paid for by our parents so we just figured we could suck it up.  Boy was I wrong.  Upon arrival we were not greeted by the desk clerk (who was behind bullet proof glass which should have been a sign) as she was too busy chatting with her friends about money they owed her.   While we were going through the outdated check in process I was told I would have to pay, however my brother and I were under the impression that our father had paid, but I paid anyway.  The first room we were sent to the key didn't work and upon returning to the front desk we found out the lock didn't work.  When we got into our second room it was cold because the heat was off - sign #2.  I found that I could only turn the heat on and off and not control the temperature and also found the heater to be very loud.  The room was far from clean and I am hoping I don't bring home any bugs.  The "amenities" in the room were sparse if non-existent - no iron and ironing board, no soap (good thing we brought our own), the toilet barely flushed, and the Wi-Fi did not work.  
After my brother and I went to dinner we returned to the room to watch some tv and go to sleep.  The tv did not get CBS and ABC, two basic channels offered everywhere in the US.  Eventually I just went to sleep and that's when the fun really began.  First off the heater ran way too loud for any sane person to get any sleep so I shut it off thinking that room would hold the heat.  And then around midnight we were awoken to the sounds of a couple next door to our room celebrating Valentine's Day and expressing that celebration loudly with their bed.  I called down to the front desk and eventually it was taken care of, or so we thought.  At around 6am they were back at it but this time when I called I was told there was no one in the rooms next to us.  It was also very cold since I had turned the heater off.  I managed to somehow get another 2 hours of almost sleep before I had to get up and get ready for my cousin's Bar Mitzvah.  So I step into what initially was almost but not quite warm shower, however about 2 minutes in it got progressively colder however I was already soapy so I had to rinse off in the coldest water ever without it being ice.  
At this point we decide that we absolutely will not stay in this hotel another night and while we are attempting to check out and get our money back we are told we have to speak to the "supervisor" by the name of Milton.  She initially did not know where he was (apparently they don't have cell phones?) but he eventually came down and was standing in front of the elevators like he was proud of the job he was doing running his slum motel.  Myself, my brother and 4 others begin to complain about the issues which he says are (supposedly) being fixed when I ask for my money back.  He says he can't refund our money and asks why we stayed all night if the conditions were so bad.  This sets my brother off and he starts yelling at Milton, "where were we supposed to go at 3am?" And this is when Milton attempts to get in my brothers face.   I then say that I am going to call my credit card company and dispute the charge to which he says go ahead (I am guessing this guy is allergic to money or they have some kind of illicit "side" business going on).
1. No hot water. Took shower in cold water. Called reception, they said they don't care.
2. Heating wasn't working. Moved me to another room.
3. Bugs crawling up my hand in the middle of night.
4. Loud music playing by elevator all night. Couldn't sleep all night. Called reception, they said they don't care.

NEVER EVER STAY AT THIS CHEAP HOTEL. Rather pay more money and stay at a good hotel.
Complained to management. They never cared nor did they refund me.
Management and staff extremely rude and unhelpful.
If I could give negative stars I definitely would!!!  BED BUGS and MICE are throughout the whole place.  We stayed on the 4th floor and it reeked of weed.  Prostitutes and drug dealers everywhere.  Elevators slow and disgusting.  Front desk girl was a bitch and not helpful.  When we checked out the main lobby was filled with guest complaining.  There was NO air conditioning in our room and the bathroom was never cleaned before our check in.  Baggies were all over the room.
To give this place 1 star is being generous! I'm currently here in the reception hall for a wedding/reception watching the drips of rainwater steadily descending from the warped, mold-filled, discolored drop-ceiling tiles. Also, it is 86 degrees and there is NO air and the dance floor is filthy! This place ought to be condemned! I can only imagine what the bedrooms look like.
I am currently sitting on my bed - nose running - wearing 3 pairs of socks, sweat pants, and jeans. It is 10 degrees outside and my heater doesn't work. This is my fourth room. Yes, fourth. 

Room 1 was disgusting. Cobwebs hung from ceiling and swayed with the cold air from the heater in the corner of the room which was squealing mechanically as it failed to do its job. Sheets of ice LITERALLY lined the interior of the glass. The mattress was stained with a dark red fluid: blood? Bed bug excrement? A tipped bottle of wine that a previous guest used to drown their sorrows after paying for a room in which Bear Grylls likely couldn't survive the night? These things were fine. The rate was manageable and I'm not a baby. Then 8:00 rolls around and GUESS WHAT the TV doesn't work and I miss America's Got Talent. Not only was the remote missing but the buttons were physically removed from the face of the early 2000s CRT television. I would be impressed by the sheer tragedy of my situation but NOT WHEN I'M MISSING SUSAN BOYLE'S BEAUTIFUL VOICE. The final straw had been dropped and I went to ask for a new room.

Room 2 looked okay at first. There were fewer cob webs and the TV at least came from the past decade. I then pulled back the sheet on the bed to find massive dark red stains. Again I dealt with the blood vs wine question but fortunately this room had 2 beds and the second didn't have any obvious abnormalities. Most importantly, the heat was blasting across my body making me feel --- well anything as I finally got the sensation back in my fingers.  I poured myself a drink as I'm positive many did before me and collapsed on my bed while praying bed bugs weren't hiding in the crevices. Finally! Comfort. The reason I am staying in this hotel at all is because I'm interviewing nearby tomorrow so I obviously need to look my best. My keen foresight suggested that I check the bathroom to ensure that the shower actually worked. I'm sure it comes to no surprise that it didn't. One of the handles didn't work at all and given my amazing luck it was obviously the hot water. SO I asked for a third room preferring not to endure a cold shower tomorrow morning and with profuse apologies was given one. 

Room 3 isn't worth talking about as the beds were only half made and it was still clearly dirty from the previous guest. BACK down to the receptionist to get room 4.

Room 4 is definitely the best of the four. I only found 1 cob web dangling from the ceiling. The blinds are covered in splashes of a dried dark brown fluid that I can neither understand nor place. Blood? Reproductive fluids of some insect? The mystery remains. My smoke detector is conveniently wrapped in a plastic bag (hopefully from a previous guest?) in case I feel like smoking some MJ (which the entire place reeks of BTW). As can likely be implied from the beginning of this review, however, the heater once again doesn't work and I'm out of motivation to complain a fourth time. 

TL;DR DO NOT STAY HERE THE REVIEWS ARE 100% ACCURATE AND I KNOW THIS BECAUSE I LITERALLY SAW 4 ROOMS.
Where should I start, the daunting "parking garage" or the sketchy elevator?? We checked out the parking situation first where no cars were parked. If you park back there you are probably going to witness a drug deal or murder. We parked in front. Upon arrival, we were greeted by the front desk lady involved in a deep convo on her phone apologizing for shoveling food into her mouth. The elevator was playing loud creepy classical music and the buttons to the floors had been pushed so much they didn't exist. Our room wasn't too bad for the $89 rate we got on New Year's Eve. We brought our own blankets and slept on top of the bed, which I highly recommend. We pregamed and peaced out. When we came back to our abode, someone had left their fried chicken bones and scraps throughout the hallway and so nicely in front of our door. Even if you don't request a wake up call (I'm sure that's not an option) the maintenance crew will take care of you. We were awoken at 730 am by him screaming in the hallway saying he didn't want to clean the chicken mess and was going to make us clean it (psshht). At 830, we were once again woken up by maintenance loudly knocking and yelling "maintenance" over and over. Finally he left after us yelling back several times. If you're just looking for a cheap place to sleep and are not worried about the probability of being murdered being greater than having a clean towel, this is the place for you. Just whatever you do, don't enter the riddles door in the lobby...
Checked in, got up to the room and was asked how much my rate was for an hour thru the bedroom door while pounding on it. Then someone else came up pounding the door telling us to watch out. Packed our bags so quickly And left within an hour. DO NOT STAY HERE ITS TERRIFYING!!!!!!!!!
This is easily the most rundown hotel I've ever been too. For the conditions of this place they ought to pay you to stay here. I would rather sleep in a morgue.
