first off we walked in and there was only one other couple... the fried wonton noodles they gave us were stale.like really stale....
I ordered general's tso shrimp which is usually not difficult to make and my friend ordered general tso tofu. this was disgusting. the shrimp was really slimy. when we complained the women said that we had eaten half of our meals which is very not true and wanted us to pay half. We refused and got out only pay$5 for tea. THIS PLACE IS DISGUSTING HOW IS IT STILL OPEN?
Why can't I give it zero stars?  Slow service when the restaurant was nearly empty, the table was dirty, and when I received the food - I left after only having one bite.  The tofu was dry.  I mean DRY.  Its as if it sat out for days.

Please go out of business.  Soon.
Peking Inn has only a 2 star rating?! Blasphemy!

I've been coming here for just over twenty years now and they serve the absolute best Chinese food I've ever had - period. Whether you decide to eat-in or take-out, the chances of you enjoying your meal should be 10 times out of 10. 

We recently enjoyed a meal dining-in; I ordered wonton soup, pizza rolls, boneless spare ribs, lobster and chicken in velvet sauce, and a vanilla ice cream (I know it's a lot, don't judge!). Everything was delicious. The soup was just right, the ribs were cooked perfectly - medium - not too dry, and exceptionally moist. The lobster and chicken in velvet sauce was also prepared to my liking. 

Now, if you're expecting a ritzy, non-dive type restaurant this isn't the place for you. The decor isn't overly impressive, you'll find refrigerators filled with beer/malt liquor/wine coolers, and a shady person or two will stop in here or there to sample the spirits. If you're a true South Philadelphian, this won't bother you in the least. 

I'd recommend Peking Inn to anyone - because of the food. You won't find better Chinese food in this city, even if you go into Chinatown. 

Don't listen to the negative reviews. This place has been in business so long for a reason. Give it a try. I don't think you'll be disappointed. 

Needless to say, I'll be returning!
Unfortunately, due to multiple health code violations, I will no longer be visiting Peking Inn. Since these violations continue to occur and it doesn't seem Peking Inn is remedying any of their issues, I don't not feel it is safe to return and/or recommend this establishment. 

I honestly believe Peking Inn should receive a 0/5 rating secondary to their neglect.
The shrimp fried rice was great.  I have checked out many Chinese restaurants in Philly, and this is outstanding.
One star because you can buy beer there.

The food is so bad it has to be a front.

Just get the beer and leave.
Went to the Peking Inn with a good friend the other night, we usually meet there once a month. It used to be a high school spot for us, that has turned into a spot filled with memories and great laughs. The food is the usual stuff you find on a Chinese menu, but 100 times better. This is usually my monthly cheat meal. This past time we were there I ordered a pizza roll, wonton soup, and two flavor chicken. Let's start with the pizza rolls, they are homemade, not that stuff you buy in the freezer section, they are made with fresh cheese and sauce, they are the best I've ever had. The wonton soup, well it's the best in the city! That's all I can say about that, you'll have to try it to see for yourself. Now the two flavor chicken is very unique. It's shredded chicken, with an assortment of Chinese vegetables. Half of the plate is prepared in a white chow mein sauce, and the other half is prepared in a hot pepper flake based brown sauce. It's absolutely delicious! And you top your meal off with a small serving of sorbet.  I recommended this restaurant to anyone who is in the mood for a little Chinese. Also the staff is always great to us, especially the one older waitress who wears the old school waiter uniform (black pants, white button down, and black vest) . I have posted some photos of the meal.
Awesome local Chinese delivery.  Fresh food, hot and on time. 
Delicious tender meat, vegetables and rice. We'll use again. Had the chicken with snow peas, and the kung pao beef.
The ABSOLUTE WORST Chinese food I've EVER had!! General Tso was sweet with no spice. Not crispy even a little bit. And apparently plain egg rolls come with shrimp. Had a allergic reaction. Plain egg rolls have either tiny bits of pork or just veggies. Lady argued with me for 10 minutes while my throats was closing telling me it's my fault! NEVER going back!! I wish I could not only give them zero stars but Sue and have them shut down!!
Found fly in soup.. very disappointed!! Will never go back here again very unhygienic! I wouldn't recommend this restaurant at all!
