I stayed here with some trepidation due to other comments on this site; however, I needed to extend my stay on short notice to by with my mom who was in HUP. If you expect this to be a hotel, you will be disappointed. It is more like a University Guest house - convenient but basic.

Pros - Very close to Hospital of University of Pennsylvania. Room was spacious and staff was friendly.

Cons. - room was shabby and not particularly clean, although not filthy either. Linens were clean but threadbare and with holes in the sheets. No alarm clock in room, but wakeup call came as scheduled. No wifi or high speed internet available. Very pricey for what you get, but much cheaper than nearby hotels. No room service or restaurant.

Bottom line - stay here if you need to be near HUP, but don't expect a hotel ambiance. It is more like Motel 6 at a much higher price. Price was high for what you get, amenities are few, and the rooms are desperately in need of upgrading.
This hotel is kind of weird... it's located on the 17th and 18th floors of the Penn Tower, across from the U Penn hospital. The rest of the tower is for the most part occupied by medical offices: god knows why they decided to have a hotel right there. Apparently it's most used by families of patients. I'd read horror stories about it, so I expected it to be really dumpy, but it wasn't that bad. The room wasn't great, but it was relatively clean if a bit shabby... not worse than your average Days Inn or Best Western. I almost fainted, though, when the receptionist told there was no internet connection in the room.... thankfully I was able to catch free wireless from the hospital across the street (phew!).
I stayed here in July 2012. The individual who was at the desk fraudulently used my credit card to order pizza and add prepaid cell phone minutes for his friend. If you stay here please pay in cash to avoid any headaches
A small (only a couple floors) of a medical building converted for stays for families of patients (and filled at graduation, usually).

Rooms are clean, but slightly spartan. Expensive for the area and no real amenities.
The hotel is no longer in operation for a couple of months now. It will be demolished to give way to a new patient care facility.
