Stayed here for a quick visit to Philadelphia and it was close to a friends place.  

Pro:
Good prices.
Decent sized bar. 
Parking is located right next to hotel, in a separate lot. (paid lot)
Room was average.
Walking distance to Penn's Landing

Not so Pro:
Lobby area is small, one attendant. 
Elevator is small and slow. Staff uses it also, tight when you have to share with a cart.
Bartender is slow and not prepared. 
Bathroom in room was small. 

All about the location.
I literally can't wait to stay at Penn's View Hotel again! The whole stay was seamless!

*Let's start with this. Easy booking through the hotel website. 
*Very reasonable prices 
*It was 7 minutes walking from the Museum of the American Revolution where I was helping out at an event during my visit. 
*It's across the street from a number of shops and restaurants 
*Parking lot next door wasn't cheap, but the customer service was very nice. 
*Upon getting there they told me that they went and complimentarily upgraded my room to a King Size Bed from a Queen Size. 
*The front desk was super nice when I got there. She was so friendly and joyful. 
*Restaurant downstairs "Panorama" was quite good. I ordered lunch from there one day and was really surprised at how delicious it was. 
*The room was a nice size 
*The bathroom was a nice size as well! 
*Jetted tub... though, I'm not sure where the switch for this was... but maybe next time. 
*The bed was super comfortable 
*Large desk 
*Nice exposed brick on one of the walls 
*Loved the large oriental rug in the room. 
*Check out was swift and easy 
*Internet was fast 
*Did I mention it was a great location 
*Man, I just really enjoyed my stay here. 

Not to mention! I accidentally left something at the hotel, and they have SO NICE about coordinating getting it back to me. Just the most pleasant. 

If I had to complain about something... it would probably be how slow the elevator is. 

But as you can see there... I'm really reaching. 

5 stars all around. Like I said, I can't wait to stay here again! It's also like 10 minutes walking I think from the Liberty Bell :)
I decided to go with the Penn's View as my hotel of choice for my wedding night. The hotel is located in Old City; close enough to the bars and restaurants, but removed enough to remain peaceful and quiet. 

My fiance and I were debating over which hotel we wanted to stay at, the Penn's View or the Omni. The day before we were going to book the Omni, a transgendered prostitute got a little to aggressive and chocked a business man to death in one of the rooms and tried to burn the hotel down.  So, we went with the Penn's View and I'm very glad we did. 

The Penn's View is charming. The hotel walls are bathed in classic wallpaper and the rooms are equally historic.  Our room came complete with a jacuzzi tub and a gas fireplace. It was exactly what I pictured! I told the front desk that I was getting married and that it was my wedding night so they came in right before we got back to the hotel from the wedding and turned on the fireplace and set out a bottle of chilled champagne and two glasses, free of charge. 

In my hurry to remember everything I would need for the wedding, I forgot hair care products. The hotel provided me with free hair gel and spray, which really came in handy.  

Breakfast the next morning was set out downstairs. The usual assortment of continental breakfast items was there including: soft-boiled eggs, waffles, pastries and fresh fruit. When the staff noticed I was getting two plates ready, they promptly offered me a tray so that I could take breakfast up to my room.  

I am very, very pleased with this hotel. I could not have picked a better place to stay for the night in which I was married.
Stayed here for their valentines day special, a room and three-course meal at the panorama restorante for $200 including a bottle of champagne. The check in was efficient, room was clean and warm, the champagne was displayed beautifully, food at the restaurant was delicious and the continental breakfast was as expected.
The hotel is older and very quaint but it defiantly has charm. I loved the view of the bridge and river from our room. It was perfect for a night out but not as luxurious as a 5-star hotel.
What's great about Penn's View Hotel is that not only is the location beyond stellar (walking distance to many amazing restaurants and bars [to include the one in its own lobby, Panorama]), but the old school charm one feels while staying here is amazing.

Yes, the hotel is historic but one wouldn't really get that from first glance. The upgrades in the hotel are fabulous and very modern yet you still feel that "vintage" and cozy feeling when you stay here. Example, most historic and older hotels keep their original sinks, wall paper, paint etc. Not here. The look is to keep the old fashioned feeling but yet the paint isn't chipping like older hotels and the fixtures are modern (we had an awesome gas fireplace in our room). 

Staff was very friendly and accommodating (called cabs for us, assisted with luggage, etc). Overall an excellent stay!
I loved! LOVED this place, from the atmosphere, location ,and friendly staff, the building is also covered in artwork. Transit system right outside the building, and the L is one block down.

They also have a weekly breakfast in their lounge, that consists of a waffle maker, egg boiler, fresh fruit, coffee, tea, breads, muffins, cereal etc.... there is something for everyone. 

Free Wifi, and its not the annoying wifi that asks you to log in every time, you do it once and you are good for the duration, as well it was a nice and fast. 

My room was clean every day when i returned, as well i was greeted by the friendly staff, the rooms were a decent size, and decorated well. Beds are firm but not rock hard. It was also super quiet.

Another fantastic feature is that the parking lot next to the hotel is staffed 24hrs and is moderately priced but similar to other close parking lots. My experience was i turned in to the lot and was greeted with a guy who told how long i was staying he charged my credit card appropriately and gave me a tag for the the rear view.

This will be my place of choice for any future visits to Philadelphia.
My family and I stayed in the Penn's View hotel the few days before and after my 11/15/14 wedding and I am so very glad we did.  It was perfect.  No, this place is not a super modern hotel.  But that's its charm!  I kept telling people that it was like we were staying with our very rich great grandparents (if we had them).  It feels like that.  

I stayed in a really large king, jacuzzi suite with a fireplace and it was amazing.  I miss going to sleep with a fireplace going at night!  My sisters were in standard queen rooms and they were lovely, if a tiny bit small.  (But far from the smallest rooms in a city I've seen!)   My parents were in a large suite that felt like a city apartment.  You actually went up stairs when you opened the room door to enter the room.  It had awesome views of the river and was really huge - tons of room to hang out in.  The one tiny room negatives I'd say were that there is some street noise from the highway, but nothing that we noticed while sleeping or that effected our time there.  

The staff was wonderful and just so nice and helpful.  I know this will be the hotel my family will continue to stay in when they visit the city.
This place has the feeling and look of an Inn.  Very hospitable staff, quaint room setup.  It's a bit loud being near the freeway but that didn't bother me much seeing as I had the white noise from the heating unit to drown out the outside sound.  

Best part of the stay I think is the complimentary breakfast!  Great array of foods: fresh fruit, yogurt, cereal, baked goods, and yes, FRESH WAFFLES.
I was worried about staying at this hotel at first because they literally don't have any pics of the bathrooms on their website. I only stayed here due to a bachlorette party so there wasn't really a choice when it came to making bride happy. We arrived to an updated bathroom in our room, so thankfully it wasn't old and gross (which was our initial thought on why there weren't any pics). I think they left out bathroom pics since they were updated and didn't fit the historic nature of the hotel. The literal door key to open our room did however, it's also on a HUGE chain, so ladies this might be inconvenient while going out. 

Pros:
- Walking distance to some places; Penn's landing
- Quick Uber ride to South Side (?) and Reading Terminal Market area
- Updated bathrooms
- Free breakfast (continental, limited)
- Largest wine bar downstairs
- Cute breakfast area
- Coffee offered at reception during the day, water offered 24/7

Cons:
- Huge room key
- A/C and heater unit is VERY LOUD, we had to keep it off at night
- Bed is uncomfortable
- Queen room is small
- Doors lock at midnight, so must show key and get attendants attention for entry
- Have to do U turns (in a car) to get to hotel due to surrounding one way streets
Located in Old City Philly the location is fantastic alone! Close to everything and it was nice to be so close to I-95. It's easy to stay and get out, if you know what I mean. Room was one of the most unique rooms I have ever stayed in. For ours specifically we had stairs which would not be ideal for heavy traveling passengers. Room was huge and views were nice. The freeway traffic sound did not bother us a bit. I guess, if anything that kinda bothered me was the front desk worker during our arrival. Perhaps he was not having a good day but was not as cheerful as most hotel agents are. However, the next morning the woman desk agent was much more pleasant.

We decided not to dine at the hotel Italian restaurant. Yes, it's convenient however a block away was La Famila and I highly recommend it! Family owned delightful Italian food. However, dress up a little for it is classy. For coffee , about a block away is Old City Coffee! Good stuff and one of the best coffee shops in Philly! Right next door is Old City T-Shirts! Get a Philly t-shirt for only 5 bucks! No sales tax on clothing in Philly do its seriously only 5 bucks.

Parking is located directly next to the hotel. Not affiliated with the hotel at all. We paid $23.00 for one night. It was also come and go as you please but since the hotel is located in such a prime location and near everything we just walked around and I highly recommend you doing so as well!

Walk to Jim's Cheesesteak, they only accept cash... Seriously a good f'in cheesesteak and you can walk some of it off on the way back to the hotel.
The staff of Penn's View Inn went above and beyond to make our stay comfortable. The hotel has a wonderful restaurant with an extensive wine cellar. They also serve the best Continental Breakfast, including waffles and eggs with the usual items and all complimentary.  The hotel is on a rather noisy corner so be sure to ask for a room on one of the hotel's quieter sides. The hotel is in a great location for sight seeing, with so much an easy walk away.  There are good restaurants in the area and an awesome old fashion ice cream parlor around the corner, The Franklin Fountain. Manager Antonio and his staff are awesome!
Nearly everything about Penn's View was exceptional and exactly what I was looking for for my out-of-town wedding guests. Having grown up in Philly (now in SF), I wanted a hotel that was in an area that was walkable for most tourist sites and where people wouldn't necessarily need a car. The location is perfect. Reserving a block of rooms was also very easy, and the staff were incredibly accommodating and flexible with several phone calls. They also gave us the suite for the bridal party to get ready and a beautiful room with a balcony overlooking the bridge for our wedding night--all at the same block price. The staff made sure that everything was perfect and changing rooms went smoothly; they moved all of our things from one room to another while we were at our wedding. They also coordinated our out-of-town gift bags and made sure all of our guests received them, and coordinated my wedding dress being returned from the steamers while I was busy. I really just can't say enough about how awesome the staff were.

Our rooms were also very nice. The suite was perfect for what we were looking for and our upgraded room for the next few days was beautiful. The beds were comfortable and the bathrooms were well appointed. The included breakfast was also good.

I didn't try the food at the restaurant, but the drinks were varied and great, and the staff there were equally great. The night after our wedding a few of us were in the bar and we wanted to drink the champagne that the hotel left us in our room. We also wanted to slice up the wedding cake top since we weren't going to travel with it and didn't want it to go to waste. The restaurant staff very nicely waived the corkage and cutting fees and we all had a great time. They also have the coolest glass holder for their wine flights!

My only complaints are small ones. I prefer having real hangers with the hook. The hangers in the closets here are those that are attached to the hooks, so if you want to hang something somewhere else, you're out of luck. Also, the parking fee is quite high if you do have a car. The parking costs alone usually keeps me from staying in the city when I come "home". But if I ever do feel like eating the cost of parking, Penn's View is where I'll stay!
A very nice hotel for $135 (with tax included) and an open air parking lot for $21/day next door. It is within a stone's throw of some great parts of Philly including The Betsy Ross House, Christ Church Cemetery, and the charm and bars in Old Town. 

I'll get down and dirty to the little things that don't really bother me too much, but if your'e sensitive to such things, this hotel may not be for you.

It was about 38 degrees at night, 45 and windy during the day. Our heater wasn't consistently hot; sometimes it would get really hot, and other times it would be on for 15 minutes and still be blowing cold air. 

The bathroom was FREEZING.

The shower stream slowly started going awayyyyy...and then slowly came back on about 3 minutes later. So odd. 

The room, depending on the functioning heater, was also very stuffy as the rooms (the basic with a full sized bed) are a bit small. 

No ice or vending on the individual floors.

Only one belgian waffler maker in the morning which caused a traffic jam.

The bedspread had dark stains on it.

HEY, like I said, I'm not complaining; the bed was very comfortable, the people at the desk were very friendly, all be it not very helpful with suggestions on what to do  or what to see in Philly, and the rooms were quiet. I'd say it was a solid choice for the price and location.
We initially loved Penn's View and had very intention of returning when we visited Philly again. The room was lovely and the hotel was clean. The only problem we originally had was the Wi-Fi did not work. We called the technical support hotline and they were unable to solve the issue during our stay, not a major deal breaker but a tad annoying. Additionally, parking was a bit high, but what can you do? Everything was fine and great until we came to check out. I booked our stay using a promotion given by them on their website - Stay over 2 or more nights and receive $76 dollars off on your last night. What a deal! My confirmation paper said this - Nightly rate: 114.00 and Promotion Rate: Stay 2 or more nights and receive $76 dollars off your last night. I expected my bill to be around 300.00 dollars. When I checked out my bill was about 400.00. The confirmation page was not clear - What it should have said was $114.00 for an AVERAGE night stay (for a total $342.00 = 114x3) - The first two nights were $139.00 and the third was 63.00 for a total of $342.00 (342/3 = 114) plus about $50.00 in taxes. 

I showed the front desk my confirmation and he said there has been a lot of confusion and that they have tried to work with their website. He explained how I was confused, but I should have realized that no place in Philly was going to give me a room for 38.00 for a night ($114-$76). I explained that I wouldn't have booked with them, because I found cheaper hotels, but did book with them because their deal was so good. He didn't offer anything - not even an apology - I will now be looking further into the situation, because this is unacceptable. You can't send a confirmation with one price and state it's just confusing and sweep it away. It really is upsetting, because other than that the hotel was a nice place and would have received at least four stars.
My husband and I were celebrating our 15th year anniversary this past weekend and decided to stay at Penn's View Hotel. To say that our weekend was a disaster is an understatement. When we do get away for a weekend we typically stay at the Sheraton near love park but this time we decided to try something different because it was such a special occasion. My advice is don't change what isn't broken. 
This hotel charges way too much for what they offer. We purchased the couples package which included a complimentary bottle of wine if we chose to dine in the restaurant that was attached to the hotel. There is a parking lot beside the hotel that charges $28 a day for hotel patrons and they have absolutely no idea what they are doing. Friday night they couldn't find the key to our car. Every time we went out we had to wait five or 10 minutes for someone to come over to the gate because the ticket we had never worked to let us out. The attendant tried to accuse us of only paying for one night when we had clearly paid for the entire weekend. Today when we checked out he asked my husband if he had the key to our car and I ask him isn't this valet? 
Moving onto the hotel....
Saturday my husband and I slept in and woke up hungry so we decided to order room service. This was around noon. Their menu had very little choices but we decided on a couple of things and when we called down were told that on Saturdays they don't have room service until 2 o'clock in the afternoon. We never did eat at the restaurant because they had very limited choices on the menu. The hallway smelled very musky and the room was extremely small. They don't have blackout curtains so the sun glares into your room at 8 o'clock in the morning. If you don't have the fan or heat on you hear the traffic from Market St. 
I could go on and about the little things that were wrong but what it boils down to is we didn't feel comfortable here. We didn't feel welcome and we didn't feel like this was the romantic getaway that we had paid for. We spent close to $500 for the weekend for the hotel and parking alone and I wish we had chosen the Sheraton. When I was leaving I told my husband when they ask me how my stay was I was going to be honest with them because I don't believe a company can change unless they know the truth and the woman who took my key never even bothered to ask any questions about our weekend.
I don't suggest staying here. I believe this hotel is only popular because of its location and historic value. There are so many other beautiful, comfortable hotels in the city that offer so much more like concierge service and room service before 2 o'clock in the afternoon and valet parking that doesn't leave you panicked that something has happened to your vehicle.
We decided to redo this weekend sometime in the future and this time stay with what we know is the best choice.
I wanted to surprise my bf with a room in the city.  We already did the posh botique in NYC a few months ago, so I was looking for a bed & breakfast kind of feel, and Penn's View Hotel was exactly what I was looking for, and reasonable priced for being right in the city.  We got the king-sized bedroom with fireplace and jacuzzi tub.  I loved the interior - brick wall, old fashioned furniture and bedding as I expected, but still nice all the same.  The room faced the river and 95, so it was a little noisy, but really you can't beat the location.  

The free continental breakfast was pretty good, toast, baked goods, waffles and fruit.  And yes, you do have to hardboil your own eggs.

And a helpful staff!  

I would definitely come back for another stay.
My husband and I stayed here one night last week, and I wish I had planned for us to stay for at least a night longer before moving on to our next accommodation.  The staff is very attentive and courteous.  There was free internet for which we were provided an access key and pass code.  This was important because we did need to work remotely for a couple of hours in the morning.

The room was quiet, which was probably a result of the window looking into the alley, but that was just fine.  Because this is an old historic building, it definitely has the potential to be louder (insulation).  We felt that the hotel guests made an effort to be quiet.  It's old and historic--part of the charm of the place.  

We loved the decor of the room and everything was spotless.  Because of the recent countrywide bedbug scare, I did check the mattress all the way around, and it appeared to be nearly new.  The linens were high quality and comfortable.

The continental breakfast was similar to many other chain places and was kept well stocked and serviced by kitchen staff.  We don't like fancy breakfasts, so this was perfect for us.

The hotel's restaurant, Ristorante Panorama, was exceptional.  We had dinner there the evening we stayed and then lunch several days later before we flew home.  Check out the wine keeper at the bar--really neat.  Because of this cool wine keeper, we had the chance to try unusual wines by the glass.  Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful.  

The hotel is walking distance to lots of sites within the historic district of Philadelphia, and we enjoyed being so close.

We would definitely stay here again, and I've already recommended this place to others.
Penns View Hotel is a hidden gem at the foot of Market Street, within walking distance of many, many great venues in Old City to include Penns Landing, itself. A short note to the City of Philadelphia - Penns Landing is in need of some touching up since we saw a lot of superficial damage while attending the Commissioning of the USS Somerset.

Back to Penns View ...

Our room was very comfortable and very quiet considering that the hotel was totally full for the 2 nights we stayed. The complimentary breakfast was very, very good. We had a coupon for Panorama Ristorante due to a special deal and ended up eating lunch twice and dinner once. More on that when I update my review for the restaurant and bar. Ask for Room 307 or 407 for a very charming experience.

The hotel is well appointed and had everything we needed. Even though I didn't use it, the exercise room was nice. Comfortable bedding and a staff that is second to none. Antonio, one of the managers, was helpful and responsive to our every request.  A hotel with solid wood doors and real keys - how nice is that? We will definitely return.

One thing - parking in the area is at a premium and you don't want to consider trying to get around it. The meter attendants don't take any prisoners and are quick to ticket and tow. There is a lot adjacent to the hotel that provides 24 hour parking ( with unlimited in/out privileges ).
First, the good;
-Relatively comfortable bed and clean room
-Antonio at the front desk was a nice guy
-Felt relatively safe inside 

The bad:
-Extremely haggard and unsafe neighborhood
-Patriot parking next to the hotel is 100% unacceptable. I wrote a separate review on the rude, sketchy situation going down there. 
-Wrote in a $40 discount for my first night into my bill due to being military but failed to honor the discount and charged me the regular price
-Loud due to thin walls and windows with difficult to control temperatures 

Penn's View needs to do something about the Patriot's Parking lot next door. It feels like it is run entirely by a gang.
Don't miss this treasure!  Hubby and I were celebrating a special occasion and we didn't want a standard chain hotel. This place was absolutely charming. Great location- walking distance to Independence Hall and Liberty Bell and tons of nice eateries in the downtown area. If you are looking for something unique and classy, Penn's View will not disappoint.
Very nice Little hotel, I will not give it five stars because although the rooms are very nice with fireplace inside and decorated  like the 1800s they are very loud, I can hear the cars all night long they need to work on soundproofing the windows.
The restaurant bar downstairs is very pleasant, a  little Godey and cheesy with a loud Italian fashion, but the food and prices are very good.
Their rooms are beautiful inside
This Place is the Best EVER!!
If you are visiting Philly for the 1st time and want to stay some where family owned and Beautiful..... This is the place.
The Hotel front office manager ~ Antonio is the SWEETEST Person on earth!
So helpful and welcoming.
Oh and if you love Wine... Like me this place hold a World record for thier wine selection. Every single night the have wine tastings... from wines all over the world.
Chile, Egypt, Rome, Australia....EVERYWHERE!
Great place book your room today!
We had a very nice visit.   The staff is friendly , the room very clean and nicely decorated we it a gas fireplace and a jacuzzi tub!
Like many of the other reviewers, I stayed here with my wife after she "accidentally" purchased their Living Social deal. It was a pleasant surprise!
  Our room on the 5th floor was nice, with a very small balcony over looking Market Street. The hotel was located right in the middle of the Penn's Landing / Olde City area. It was great walking around the neighborhood and having the hotel right there. Make sure to check out the Franklin Fountain right across the street for some great ice cream. 
  The continental breakfast was nice, with make your own waffles and eggs as well as muffins, cereal and fruit. The included wine flight was nice, but the restaurant and wine bar was VERY pricey, so we did not eat there. All in all, if I got a good deal to stay there again, I'd be happy to go back
Really cute & very clean hotel! I appreciate the hotel making my room fragrance-free due to asthma.  Charming central Philadelphia experience!
Friendly staff, affordable, walking distance to the bars! Breakfast is on them, what more can you ask for. When I go back to pa, I would def stay here again!
Awful!!!!! Food mediocre. Management the worst. Christine enough to make you never want to go back.. So unprofessional. Salad was unedible. Totally will trash this place to everyone I talk too!!!! So many excellent places in Philly. Do not go here. Waiters like robots. Do not smile or make sugesttions. Manager on the scale of McDonalds. No tie and totally unprofessional!!! Bartender definitely looks like he runs the place and probably should.. Christine enough to make you cringe..... With her unprofessuonalism. Complained she had to work the holidays. Uh check your chipped polish lady...
Marketed as a boutique hotel in Old City, I wasn't sure what to expect from Penn's View. I wanted to book a room downtown for a special occasion, and I settled on this hotel because it was reasonably priced and offered amenities like a gas fireplace in the room and a jacuzzi tub. 

From viewing photos on their website, I was terrified that our room would have flower wallpaper and a comforter straight out of the 1980s. Instead, our queen spa room was tastefully decorated and surprisingly spacious. And even though it was one of those snowy days in early March, it was too hot to use the fireplace. Thankfully, there was a "balcony" that allowed us to let in some chilly air to moderate the temperature. 

For the price, this was a good value. There was free street parking overnight (meters started at 8), breakfast included, and we also had a voucher for two drinks at the bar. Things that could have made this place better: a nicer TV (I think we had a 13-inch CRT with 10 channels); better mattress and bedding; and, better coffee. Without those extras, Penn's View is a solid 4 - very nice.
This hotel is great! The rooms have tons of character (and I don't mean that as code for anything negative), the staff is really nice, and the location is perfect! But the best part is the AMAZING wine bar downstairs. They have something like 800 bottles of wine that you can order by the glass. So you can try tons of different wines that you would normally have to order by the bottle. And it really has to be the most perfect date place I've ever seen in my life. If you're visiting Philly, stay there. If you live in Philly, make your next date at their bar. You won't be sorry!
When staying in an old part of an old city like Philly, I like to stay in places like this. It delivers on what it advertises. Love the location and the room was fine. The bed was a little strange but aren't all beds that was away from home? 
 My company often books me in hotels that have too much style and stupid music in the lobby. I prefer a low key place like this that doesn't attempt to be a "too cool for school " lounge hotel hybrid. Penn's View is a winner.
I really enjoyed this hotel. I'm not sure why one of the guests said the Jacuzzi tub was only for one person. Ours was HUGE. My boyfriend and I went for our 6 year anniversary, and I was so happy with everything There were no waffles, but since I was pigging out on all the other food nearby, I think its quite alright. I may have gained 5 pounds if I had also had the waffles. We did have a fireplace and our room was right in front of the highway, but never had any issues with noise, you could also see the Ben Franklin Bridge. Only complaint I have is that one of the guys who parked our car next door cracked my boyfriends bumper. If it were not for this, I would have given 4 1/2 stars. They denied that it ever happened saying it was there when we got there, but it wasn't. Just take pictures of your car when you get to the parking lot.
The Penn's View Inn is a delightful, charming little hotel perfect for a romantic staycation. The room was beautiful with a king bed and a jacuzzi tub and plenty of space to move around. I love the old charm of having a physical key and it is right there in Old City with easy access to the subway. Parking is at a decent price for city hotel parking at $23. There is a continental breakfast included with the stay, but it leaves a little to be desired; good but not great. Overall, wonderful place with a charming staff. I will definitely come back!
My boyfriend and I also came here on a LS deal, and by the end of our stay we were glad we hadn't paid full price.

Everything had been fine with our stay up until we got into the bed. We discovered a bottle cap AND a luggage tag with a name on it. Having a dirty room is something that's unacceptable to us as hotels actually hire people for just that purpose. So, we went downstairs to complain and were given clean linens. 

The next day the manager questioned us of the EXACT location of the items (why? do they not wash the top sheet or the nicer pillow slips? It seems that way because these were the only items that they didn't give back when we asked for clean linens). He told us that they wash the sheets, so it was very strange that these items were found in them. But how could he say that when it was so clear that he didn't? We found the NAME of the person who had stayed in the room previously! We didn't even want to know when- it could've been days ago! The manager then told us that he fires people on the spot for this. We certainly didn't want anything that drastic to happen, so we sorta just stared at him. He offered us a bottle of champagne on the house, to be delivered in an hour. Two hours and no champagne later, we went to eat. 

When we got back a few hours later, the champagne was fresh outside our door, ice hadn't even melted. Later that night, we found a small crushed dixie cup at the foot of the bed. 

Despite this, the hotel did had some good features:
-Location - not too bad, at the foot of market.
-Sound proofing - we had a room that faced market and we so surprised that we didn't hear the traffic.

The cons were:
-dirty rooms
-strange customer service...we didn't need to know that the manager fired people 'on the spot.' We also thought it was ridiculous that after offering champagne to make up for it, he didn't get it to our room at the time he said it would be there.
-breakfast - didn't have any eggs. They had eggs out that you had to boil yourself which took 10 minutes.

Definitely will not be back here again, and very glad we got a huge discount through LS!
My wife and I came here for our first anniversary and were quite pleased with everything. The location is great - don't let people fool you about it being away from the town center or "right next to 95". Yes you can hear traffic (barely through the double windows) but by no means will it keep you up at night (didn't bother us in the slightest.)

The employees were great - always friendly and accommodating every time we saw them. 

The room was huge (king bed with jacuzzi bath) and was clean and comfortable. The bath was great, very deep with jacuzzi jets (not an actual hottub jacuzzi like another Yelper mistakenly thought they'd get). The hotel is quite old (it reminded us of England - my wife's English!) but you wouldn't really know it apart from the historic charm. It's quite well maintained and restored and I'd certainly expect to pay a bit more than we did for such a hotel in other cities. 

The included breakfast was lovely and in a nice dining room (the onsite restaurant - which we probably should have tried for dinner considering their very nice menu.)

The hotel is situated very conveniently in Penn's Landing which is quite a nice waterfront neighborhood full of shops, restaurants, and bars. It's right next to a bus stop (several lines) and not even a full block from the subway and a Big Bus Tour stop so über-convenient for getting around no matter where you're going. My wife is 8 1/2 months pregnant and def. appreciated the availability of public transport!

Our only complaints were the rugs in the room were a bit slippery (so my wife slipped a couple times and almost fell - which of course we're sensitive to in her preggo state :) - and we could hear the people above us walking around (old building with old floorboards so we forgave it).

All in all quite a great experience - we'll most definitively be looking up the Penn's View the next time we're in town.
Pluses: good location, pleasant & helpful staff, good breakfast included (and excellent service by Carol); good size & quiet room, close to transportation. 
Minuses: View from our room is of brick wall of building across alley; anemic shower (but adequate); 'sitting area' is a chair in corner next to TV so you can't watch if sitting in it. 
Missing things the staff provided when asked: menu for room service; only 1 bathrobe for 2 guests.  
For the price this is a good choice to be a tourist. We would return.
Don't call here or give them any information. I called here back in April 2017 about New Year's Eve information & prices. I was told they needed my card information for any info/reservation needs. I told them I did NOT want to confirm a reservation and they told me I would not be charged anything they just needed the info to hold the room Incase I called back to confirm a reservation ( at this point I was calling around different places). I find out a week ago my account was charged 403.17. I called numerous times and left a voicemail for the manager. It's been a week, I just got off the phone and I was hung up on. On top of it I called the beginning of December 2017 to make sure there was no reservation in my name and I was told there wasn't. They're unprofessional scammers.
We just got back from yet another stay at the Penns View.  My husband and I have stayed here several times and love it.  It is a hidden little gem- The rooms are always very clean.  The beds are so comfortable and the sheets are so very soft!  On top of that- the people who work there are extremely nice.
This spot is within walking distance to many fine restaurants and shops. You cannot beat the price and it is absolutely adorable.  I will stay here anytime!
Penn's View is easily my favorite hotel in Philadelphia. Before moving here, I stayed here several times, and really enjoyed both the room and the location. It's great being able to walk out to Penn's Landing from here, and it's convenient proximity to all things Old City. Being at the 2nd St MFL station means that it's easy proximity to many other parts of the city as well. The rooms are exceedingly homey, with antiquey furniture and comfortable beds. Some of the rooms also have a nice view, as well as an in-room jacuzzi. Of course, one of the best parts about staying here is being able to walk downstairs to enjoy Ristorante Panorama and Il Bar, with some of the best Italian food and wine in the city. Highly recommended.
Great little hotel.  Close to the river and steps from restaurants in Old City.  We thought that traffic on Market St would be a problem, but the soundproofing was really good.  Very comfortable room, not very large, but how much do you really need?  The staff was extremely friendly and we're happy to talk about the hotel.  Next time we're back in Philadelphia, we'd be happy to come back.  Did I mention the 120 bottle wine bar on the ground floor?  Not overly crowded for a Friday night, but it was busy.  The hardest thing was to figure out which wines to try.
A recent two-night stay...

Easy check-in.  
Lovely standard queen room - comfortable and quiet for restful nights' sleep.  Friendly and helpful front desk and cleaning staff.  I approached one of the cleaning staff the morning of our check-out to ask her if I might get a bar of their lovely-smelling hand soap to bring home with me.  She cheerfully obliged, saying that her daughter likes the small tokens, too.  
Morning breakfast buffet with baked scone-like things, fresh fruits, bananas, cartons of yogurt, mini boxes of cereal, eggs to boil as you choose, and waffle irons with pre-poured cups of batter for you to make your own, plus coffee and orange juice.  Plenty there to fill up your tank before heading out for the day.  
If you like to drink rich, strong coffee, go outside and walk behind the hotel and passed Christ Church about two blocks to "Old City Coffee".  Their espresso is excellent.  
Down the hall from the check-in desk is their restaurant and bar.  Both are well worth your time and money.  

I would gladly stay at this hotel again the next time I am in Philadelphia.
My husband and I stayed here for our 1 year wedding anniversary last month and we were not dissappointed! It is a very nice boutique-style hotel in a great location in old city. we were able to walk everywhere from here! the wine bar in the lobby was awesome with very entertaining bartenders, though a tad pricey. the free breakfast was a nice touch. we were upgraded to a king size room with patio and it had an amazing view of the river. nice little workout room, if you use that sort of thing. very nice and clean marble bathrooms and great shower. we would definitely stay here again!
This place is great! 
We got a big room with exposed bricks and a HUGE most comfortable bed. Oh, AND a jacuzzi tub!
The staff was kind and helpful and the place was clean and quiet.
The continental breakfast was good and fun. Make your own hard boiled eggs and waffles!
I would definitely recommend this place for a get away in the middle of the city.
A small Italian Pensione in the US! 
While your eclectic room with a view is of the Ben Franklin Bridge, you will feel transported to Venice  (if your imagination is that good).
European quality lodging. Then there is Panorama:
Everything I have had in their dinning room including a simple breakfast is PRIMO. PERFECT.
The wine bar is the GOLD standard. Well planned flights please any level of aficionado.
Philadelphia is so lucky.
I had the pleasure of staying at this charming cozy hotel. My room was immaculate! I could not find one speck of dirt anywhere. Hardwood floors, nice bedding with a very comfortable bed and a room with a view to boot. My room was located close to the gym. The gym is small but it gets the job done. There are a lot of shops and restaurants within walking distance. They do offer parking but it's a bit steep. In the morning they offer a complimentary breakfast which is very tastefully laid out. All in all I would definitely stay again. It's was very enjoyable stay! I would have given 5 stars but the price to park my car knocked it down to 4.
A boutique hotel without boutique hotel prices. Much less than a Kimpton, and Penn's View includes breakfast. It is billed as a continental breakfast, but in addition to coffee, juice, cereal, yogurt, and pastries, it includes boil-your-own eggs and make-your-own waffles.

Many (most?) rooms have a private deck. 

Parking is unfortunately not controlled by the hotel, but the manager interceded for us when there was a cock-up with the new attendant.

Smack dab in the heart of Old City, within walking distance to many tourist attractions and some of the best beer bars on the planet. 

We will stay here next time we're in Philly.
I stayed at this hotel this weekend and it is now my favorite place to stay. And i have stayed at many. The rustic feel was amazing, hard wood floors, brick and throw rugs. The staff was very kind and attentive. 

The location is amazing with easy access to Old Philadelphia. Everything we needed was within walking distance. Surprisingly, with our room facing Market St., the noise wasn't very noticeable. 

The room and hotel was very clean. The bath towels and wash cloths were very soft and even the soap wasn't the usual hotel soap that dries your skin out. 

I was extremely impressed by this hotel and I plan to stay there anytime I'm in Philadelphia!
Wonderful hotel in Olde City.  Been  there twice.  A lovely European Boutique hotel with hardwood floors, Oriental rugs and a beautiful Juliet Balcony with a view of the Delaware River.  The Front Office Manager, Antonio, was so very accommodating and efficient.  Thank you, Antonio, for my wonderful downtown Phila stay.
Very cool old fashion hotel.  They have actual KEYS for the room.  Staff is awesome.  Our room was very small but for the two of us it was fine for one night.
It's a bit dated in interior design but what do you expect, this entire community is historical so the building structures are beautiful yet dates. I am giving them 3 stars not because I did not enjoy my stay, I did. But, the carpet in the hallway and room had a weird smell and that did not work well with my allergies yikes! But the bed was super comfy, the jacuzzi in my room was relaxing and their continental breakfast was really delicious!!!!!! I would probably visit them again but it wouldn't be a good thing for someone with allergies
