If there was an option to give 0 stars I would have chose that. Expedia and other travel sites gave this "hotel" a 2.5!? I've stayed in much nicer hotels with the same or higher rating and they were cleaner, fresher and updated. The negative reviews on here aren't by accident. How many filters were used on the photos listed on other sites of this dump?! As a graphic designer, I can attest that these photos were manipulated and edited to get rid of any rust stains, paint chippings, dust, un-vacuumed areas, dried white carpet frosting (GROSS) and bodily grease stains from windows. 

WE WERE ONLY HERE ONE NIGHT:
The parking lot when we first pulled in was shady and run down. There was a late 90s Cadillac that has probably been sitting there since the car was created. Went to park next to it because there was an empty spot only to see the outside covered in roaches. After parking in a different spot we stepped out onto 7 cigarette butts, (possibly urine), and a tube of some sort. 

Next, The infamous elevators. There may be two side by side cut outs to resemble elevators but don't be fooled, there is only one. One very shaky, SLOW elevator where the floor buttons inside and outside of it only light up a quarter of the time. Our room I don't think was as bad as the other reviewers thankfully, but it doesn't take away from the stale, dusty, musty, old alcohol and cigarette stench in our non smoking room. With the exception of what looked like butt cheeks and other body part grease on our window we had a nice view being so high up. We never took our socks off and tried not to touch too much of the room. My boyfriend was bold enough to shower as I thought I'd get dirtier doing so and he had to dry himself off with the hair dryer. I asked if he was too grossed out to use any of the towels and he said "no I used the towel that half dried me" because they are so overused it's like sandpaper. We skipped the complementary breakfast in fear of contracting some sort of illness. It's a shame because this could actually be a nice hotel if proper ownership and TLC was given. Otherwise they should just change over to hourly rates and really exploit this for what it truly is.
NEVER STAY HERE!  Don't make a reservation, just keep on looking for something else! 
Husband and I stayed here because it was close to a concert we were attending. The 20 min wait to check in should have been a red flag, then the sketchy elevator (one working elevator for 15 floor hotel), should have been another red flag, if that wasn't enough the stank that hit you when the elevator opened to let us off should have been another clue. We were just excited about this concert, y'all! We didn't have pillow cases on our pillows, and the front desk and housekeeping NEVER answered any phone calls. 4am the fire alarm goes off, at first I thought it was just something outside, ignored it went back to sleep (at this point I'm using my shirt as a pillow), it went off again, I called the front desk SURPRISE!!! NO ANSWER! Glad we weren't gonna burn to death or something! So at this point my husband and I have decided to leave at 5am. As I'm trying to brush my teeth my husband informs me "something fell into the trash can, I probably wouldn't look if I were you." 
Well, I looked and it was a DAMN MOUSE! Y'all, I about died! I felt my soul leave my body!! As I'm frantically headed for the door I feel something on my arm, IT WAS A ROACH! A damn ROACH! That was it! I left my poor husband behind as I unassed that room! We took the stairs back down to the lobby, which lead us to a door to go outside. I made my way to the front desk and there were already a group of unhappy guests demanding a refund, of which was never given. Instead we were told to leave our name and number and we would be contacted by the manager when they came in at 10am.  They did not even want to give me a receipt for my stay. I demanded it and got it. 
Surprisingly I never received that phone call from management, and when I called back at 11, "they were supposed to show up at 9, but haven't been in yet."
Needless to say, I'm trying to figure out how and who to report this hotel to and trying to figure out how to get a refund at this point!!!

DO NOT STAY HERE! GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!
You should remove this place from your site. The place was filled with unhappy people and no elevator working. I had my 80 yr old father that had to climb 6 flights or stairs. But yet using your site I can't cancel and get a refund. I was very very unhappy!! Horrible customer service! 


After I got home I looked at my bank account and this place double charged me. When I tried to call  the first 3 times there was no answer then on the 4th call the answered didn't say anything and put me on hold for 57 minutes before I hung up. Called a fifth time and a lady answered and I could not understand her. She eventually got across to me that I need to call back and speak to the manager tomorrow. I called a sixth time the next day and the "manager" said I'll call you right back that was 10 days ago and still no return phone call. This place is a disgrace. And I did find out the elevator is still not working. UNREAL
Weird that this tiny hotel has nothing on Yelp. Out of options for the night, I decided to try it. The guy at the reception told me a rate $15 bucks higher than the price from Expedia for a double queen room. So I obviously bought from Expedia and waited for a while for the receptionist to finish up everything and handover the keys. 
I'm giving it 2 stars because of the view of downtown Philadelphia from the room. Rest everything was mediocre. 
Bathroom didn't have a functional exhaust. The bedding was just 2 thin sheets with comforters folded neatly in the dresser (why tuck them away in this cold and wet winter!?)
They served complimentary breakfast in the morning. Scrambled eggs were decent. The juices were quite watered down. Muffins were unmentionable. Not many people were spotted in my quick 8 hour stay, but many showed up for breakfast. 
Decent for the price paid, but I've seen better.
Have you ever seen American Horror Story: Hotel? Well, I haven't because I don't like scary movies but somehow I ended in it. The story begins in Tampa when a rain storm delayed my flight so I missed my connection flight to my next destination. It was late and I was tired so I booked the closest and cheapest hotel. The hotel photos looked nice in bookings.com so I did. When I got there I was welcomed by the dirtiest lobby I ever seen and I am pretty sure this was part crack house and part hotel. But the story gets better, I was notified upon arrival that the elevator was broken so I would have to decide whether I wanted to climb 10 or 12 flights of stairs with my heavy luggage so I chose the shorter ride. The stairs looked like an abandoned house and I was pretty sure I was going to get murdered at any time but I survived (almost, climbing 10 flights with luggage ain't a joke). 
So I get to my room barely breathing and the carpet was sooo dirty I wouldn't even put an animal in there. By now, I am feeling defeated and I want to cry so I decided to just go to bed but my sheets were yellow, I am not even going to assume why because the experience was already traumatic enough so I just put towels on the bed and tried to sleep. At least I wasn't alone through this and the bed bugs keep me company,I guess you can say I am survivor but I wouldn't recommend this to the faint of heart.
Did I mention they don't refund money? Well, now you know! If you are wanting to go to Halloween Horror Nights but don't feel like driving/flight to Orlando I recommend you stay here.
AVOID this place at all cost. This was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. My flight was cancelled due to a storm. Once I arrived to the hotel, i checked in with ease. I went up to my room however, and nothing had been cleaned whatsoever. I was in a room with two double beds and both beds were completely unmade, Urine was still in the toilet as well as dirty towels all over the floor. 

The supervisor came down to check on the matter and moved me into a room on the same floor that was currently being cleaned. I was uncomfortable in this second room because there appeared to be what looked like blood smeared all over the boxspring. I didn't even want to sit down. The floor was filthy and nothing looked like it had been dusted in awhile. So I went downstairs again and was moved again. 

The third room WAS better but it still had its flaws. The biggest was the main compartment of the ac unit was coming apart and this caused a draft of freezing air from outside to come into the room. I fixed it by stuffing a hand towel in the opening and putting pillows on top. 

Avoid Avoid Avoid because they obviously put in no effort to keep the place up.
Cheapest smack and hookers in philly. Even found a complimentary needle under the pillow! The smoke detectors were already disabled so i didn't have to go through the trouble. Fresh jenkem brewing in the clogged toilet.
HOTEL OF HORRORS!!!!!!
 
PLEASE BEFORE EVEN STEPPING INTO THIS "hotel" be ready to get bed bugs!!!
From the minute I walked into this establishment I was welcomed with cockroaches and a very nasty front desk woman who at one point refused to even answer my questions as she "did not have any manager".. I traveled 4 hours from New York in order to see a show with my fiancé....  as soon as I stepped into the hotel the front desk was not able to find my reservation for 2 hours!!! Once I was able to speak to someone else at this establishment the managers response to me saying the hotel was infested with bed bugs she replied "yes I know"!!!!!!!!!! That's insane!!!! I have never heard such a response.... please please before you consider staying at this hotel of horrors rethink !!!! The price is not worth the experience at all!!!!
I don't even have words for this place. The elevators are all broken and after waiting for 20 minutes to check in we were told "hey we've got a room for you on the 14th floor!"... alright whatever it's one night, right? Nah... nope... no chance.. we got up to the second floor and this place looks like something out of a post apocalyptic movie. I wouldn't wish a stay at this place on my worst enemy. You ever see the Florida project? The class of people hanging around the lobby is on par with that.

This place might actually be what hell is.
I'm going to keep this short and sweet. The hotel is dirty. Not that I'm expecting a fancy place for this price point, but I've seriously stayed at super 8s and motel 6s that were way cleaner. And when I say dirty I don't mean just unclean, it's seriously gross. 

My room looked like it had never been vacuumed, there were weird and disgusting stains all over the carpet, the paint was literally falling off the walls, there was mold in the shower, and the hallways and stairwells were just plain horrifying. 

The pictures of this place they put up are either old or Photoshopped because it looks nothing like that in person. See my pictures. 

The only good is the location. It's a short walk to the sports complex, literally the closest hotel by far. I have a feeling this is the only reason they get any business at all. 

My advice, stay somewhere else and take an uber to your concert. Now I have to burn everything I brought with me into that room. Lesson learned.
Free parking was nice but everything else was a let-down. The property is run-down and an eyesore. The lobby, elevators, rooms, hallways, etc are in DIRE need of renovations. There is one functioning elevator which is incredible slow. They put a $100 hold on your credit card upon check-in, which seems ridiculous for the state of the hotel. The bathroom is dark, towels are rough, and are, again, in desperate need of renovation. The room is dark and lacking any refinement, WiFi didn't work, room phone was from the 80s, no clock/alarm clock. As bad as it sounds, this hotel/property should be demolished and rebuilt. The location is great for travelers from the airport or visitors to the sports arenas.
Rude service, stinky lobby, and if a hotel had consistently one star average after 25+ reviews, I don't understand how this place stays open.
We had to walk up 11 flights of stairs to be welcomed to a man who kept cursing at us and find mold in the bathtub, a fly in the water fountain that didn't even work, water pressure that wouldn't even drown an ant, and no soap in the public bathrooms. Elevator hadn't been working in a month and the person at the front register said too bad so sad. Awful customer service. The girl who was supposed to be making breakfast was sitting at the counter playing on her phone. They didn't even have any decent tasting food. It was horrible. If I could give this place a negative infinity score I would. This shit needs to go away. Far away.
Stay as far away from this hotel as possible... unless you're looking for crack. One of the most seedy hotels I've ever encountered. I would rather make friends with a homeless person and sleep on a bench than spend a night in this cesspool.
Alright, I normally only post positive reviews because I've worked in customer service for over 5 years, but this place is something else. We walked into the nice looking lobby with no line and had about a 25 minute check in, the only woman working front desk moved like a sloth. After a line had built of 6 or so guest we finally checked in and made our way to the elevator. Don't be fooled by the two sets, only one side is active, and in this 12 story hotel it takes a long time for the elevator to get anywhere when the maids are also overriding commands with their keys so they can hop on faster. So we finally make it to our room, very spacious since they chose space over queen sized beds (two full), the A/C worked great! After a nights sleep it was time to check out so we went to the elevator and a maid informed us it was out of order and we could stay in our room until it had been fixed, 10 minutes later she informed us they wouldn't be fixing the elevator today. I appreciate the exercise of 12 flights of stairs with the weight of my luggage, I can skip the gym today, but an elevator would have been nice. The worst part is knowing that if they hadn't tried to cut costs with subpar staff and turning off one of the elevators this place would have been fine, it's carelessness. They don't really care about you or your stay. I do though, enjoy your trip to Philadelphia and maybe don't stay here. If you so though there's a vending machine next to the lobby and a disassembled ice machine on the first floor. Thanks for the nights sleep.
Update: my manager booked another nights stay here before hearing the review so in our new room we discovered some leftover heroine needles. Instead of pillow mints they must leave needles under the A/C unit in case you forget your own.
Possibly the worst hotel in the USA. Should be condemed. It's a fire trap along with a roach motel. So vile, gross, disgusting. Negative 5 stars.
Avoid at all cost.
How do spell disgusting- oh yeah DISGUSTING!
Dirty floors, dirty walls, dirty ceilings and understaffed.
Guys, understand me when I say, this was the worst experience EVER! If you can avoid going here you should. I only gave this place one star for two reasons: 1. I can;t give 0 stars and 2. The star is really only for the cleaning ladies who were very sweet. My friends and I were here for Made In America this summer and it was supposed to be an amazing experience all around, or so we thought. when we got to the hotel and tried to check in, they tried to charge us for 10 extra dollars for parking each night, please let me tell you that it was an open parking lot, and they didn't even give a ticket or permit to even prove that we were able to park here. Mind you one of the nights, we almost didn't get parking. It was only by God's great we were able to get that parking space and that's because someone was leaving. Waiting for the elevator was also the worst! They had two elevators and only one of them worked. On top of only one working, that besides when we brought our belongings up the first night and down the last night, we just decided to walk up and down the steep steps, 9 floors to be exact. When we walked in the room, I was appalled because it was nothing like the pictures we seen, it definitely looked different, but we still want to make the best of the experience. Now let's begin with the room issues:
1. My bed comforter had what appeared to be dried blood on the comforter. As if they tried to wash it but the stain would not come out. When we tried to call for another one, we were told that there would be a wait because they had to find one for us. After telling us this 4 hours went past, we then called again and was told that there was no more comforters. So, my friend and I had to sleep with just a sheet.  
2. The next morning, when we tried to shower, we couldn't get it to turn on. We pulled the knob and it stopped but no water came out. We thought we were doing something wrong so we called down to the front desk to ask about it, and a gentleman answered the phone when we told him the situation he caught an attitude with us and said " all you got to do is pull it".  **clearly guys we wouldn't call if we knew what to do"
Finally it took two if us and we were able to get the water running. *** if you still want to STILL stay here DESPITE my review, MAKE SURE you have shower shoes and just shoes on the whole time!!
3. Getting ice was even a challenge. There is only ice on the 5th, 10th, and 15th floors. I want you guys to know that we tried to get ice and there was no ice on the 10th or 15th floor. Thank got one of the cleaning ladies were super kind ( still appreciate yall because I was tired of walking up and down the stairs)  was able to get me some ice and bring it to my room. I didn't have to ask and I appreciate it. That star belong to yall and yall only. 
4. Even trying to heat up our food was just *sigh*eyeroll* a mess. My best friend and I was super hungry after the concert and wanted to heat up our food. There is no microwave in the rooms so we went downstairs to see if they had a microwave for guest to use. The older man at the front desk seemed to be angry that we even had to ask this questions, he rolled his eyes and walked off. A young man came back with him. he had to open the door to the little restaurant they had in the back so that we could warm up our food. He threw the keys at the young man and told him watch us and lock door when we leave. 

Guys! This was the worst experience ever! If you stay here, it's at your own risk! I could put up my pictures and videos of the blood spotted comforter and the video of our struggle with the bathroom but if you need that to deter you away from staying here, I'm sad for you.

PS: When I went to go complain the night before our departure, there was already a couple furious questioning money back so they can leave. When I came back that morning to talk to the manager, there was two people in front of me ready to address their complaints. Please don't set yourself up for failure.
1. Had the hotel staff at front desk curse at me for asking for a receipt (in front of children). Rude disgraceful and unprofessional staff pure horrid people working here. When I asked for her name apparently she doesn't "f-----ing" have to give it to me the most disrespectful human I've ever met. Picture of her is included since I wasn't entitled to know her name. 
P.s- Had to explain what my disability was.. for a disability parking spot (yes I'm serious got questioned even though I had a disability permit!)
2. The room smelled like a combination of smoke and urine. There was urine stains all over the bed and ripped blanket.
3. Being in pure filth, was not the word, random hair everywhere stains all over towels and carpet. Everything is broken. 

STAY AWAY !!! 

AND GET THE HEALTH DEPARTMENT HERE THERE ARE BUGS URINE AND FECIES PLUS MOLD AND BROKEN WALLS !!!
Terrible terrible terrible. Blood stains...door that wouldn't lock...drug addicts talking to us when we rode the 1 barely functioning elevator.  There was also no screen on the windows, could have jumped! Wooo!...jumping is better than staying here.

We shared a room with another couple, and housekeeping never came. The next morning, we had to go down the front desk to ask for fresh towels, and we were told the hotel was "all out". Of towels. In a 16 floor building. Four of us had to share a dirty washcloth.

Someone needs to take a rocket launcher and blow this place and the staff up with it. SHAME!
I booked a parking reservation here to take the shuttle to PHL.  I circled past it 2 times because the lot was so packed, I couldn't even pull in.  I finally parked on the extremely busy roadway so I could go inside and find out what to do.  I walked in and there was a dad SCREAMING at them that they have been waiting for almost 2 hours for their car.  Staff couldn't find it!!!  There were others with similar issues.  They had a big bowl right out for all to take filled with keys from all the cards on the lot.  A BOWL!  Someone could just grab a bunch of keys and take their pick.  I waited for about 30 mins, now worried I was going to risk missing my flight, and tried to cancel my reservation for fear I would never get my car back when I returned.  They said they couldn't cancel it and I would have to contact the 3rd party booking agent.  I asked for the name of the owner of the property and a phone number and was refused.  They obviously take every reservation booked, no matter how packed the lot is.
Does NOT deserve any stars !!! How is this hotel still in business?? It's DIRTY, SMELLS HORRIBLE, LOTS of BUGS, ELEVATOR BROKEN, BROKEN WINDOWS.  The gentleman at the desk, Wala, was very nice and tried to accommodate us.  But every room was horrible.  We left and booked another hotel that was much cleaner and cheeper.  After 3 days I finally got in touch with the manager AVA. She was a piece of work. She was aggressive and nasty and hung up the phone when I told her of the conditions of the rooms. The staff refused to say who the owner is. Ava the manager should be fired for being so nasty. THE DEPT. OF HEALTH SHOULD LOOK INTO THIS !!!
If someone asks you would you want to stay at the Penrose hotel or the bus stop say the bus stop!! I wish you could give negative stars because this hotel deserves nothing. The health department needs to come shut this thing down. I kick myself for not reading more reviews before I booked the room.
What a Terrible Hotel ! Booked a Room through a third Party and they gave my room away ! Place is so dirty and disgusting I rather just sleep in my car ! The Parking situation is pathetic plus they make you pay 10 dollars for it. The Person at the Front desk was no help and nasty as can be. The Elevators are not working the Bar was closed down this is false advertising on their part. The women at the front desk gave me room keys and said here are the keys to the room you would have stayed In WHO SAYS THAT ? What kind of Place is this !!! Do your self a favor and book somewhere else ! This Place should be SHUT DOWN !!
Let me begin by saying I'm not a hotel snob in anyway. This place looks like a crack hotel.  It is filthy and disgusting.   I just needed a place to stay for one night, while visiting family, and thought how bad could it be for one night?  This hotel is GOD awful.  They charge your credit card $100, for I don't even understand why.  They don't really hold your card, they actually charge it!  $10 for parking, whatever that's fine, no biggie, but really we weren't in a busy area of the city either.

Like the other reviewers said, the elevator wasn't working and only one functioned.  I thought maybe I could get away with that for one night, boy was I wrong!  I had 2 small children, and I had to carry them up to the 14th floor, because both elevators were down at 11pm at night!  They told us to wait an hour for them to fix it, or we could just walk up.  They didn't care about their customers and just sorta smirked at me.  There were elders sitting there, and waiting to get upstairs too.  They could've provided water or even made the least bit of an effort to actually show they were really "sorry" about the incident.

The rooms were huge, which is the only plus side of it.  The entire place smelled like smoke!  It smelled so bad, it gave me a headache.  Some rooms were less, some rooms stunk terribly.  The furniture is dusty like it hasn't been touched for ages.  This whole hotel needs a renovation or a gut job.  I will never stay here again no matter how cheap it is!  How does this place even stay open? Shouldn't there be some kind of fire code violation for how it looks?
I am not the type of person to leave reviews but this was a must. Where do I start? I first arrived to go in to the restaurant to grab some dinner. The lettuce on the sandwich had brown ends which means the lettuce was old. They didn't have tomatoes either. The bread was cold as if they had just took it out of the fridge. The guys who brought me my food had dirty hands and while holding the tray his fingers were touching the fries. But why do I care it's just a quick bite and I didn't want fries anyways. So I finally get up to my room on the fourth floor. First thing I notice is that the hallways smells like mildew. I go in to my room and it gets worse. There's a funky dirty smell on the room. The walls were all chipped and looked like it would come down. The bathroom had stained towels, the TV did not work, and the tub had mold all over the inside. As you can imagine I did NOT take a shower there. I called the front desk and the lady says well this is not the four seasons. Ummmm okay? At this point I'm so disgusted with the place I decide to sleep with my long pants and my hooded sweat shirt. When I woke up I wanted to leave immediately. I grab my 2 bags and Jet out the door. As I walk to the elevator I pass a hotel cleaning staff. The guy did not look presentable but who are we kidding at this point. I press the elevator button and here I stand waiting to go down with this mildew smell taking over my nose. I'm the light on the button turns off but the elevator has not stopped on my floor. I didn't pay much mind to it and clicked it again. I'm standing there for 5 minutes and the light just keeps turning off and I hear the elevator going up and down. I ask the guy who's cleaning rooms if the elevator has any issues he says no. I wait an extra 3 minutes and decide the hell with this I'm taking the stairs. I take the stairs all the way down and it's dark and sketchy. Although it did smell a lot better in the stairs than it did in the hallway. Once I get all the way down it leads me outside. I got back through the front entrance and ask the lady at check out if there's a problem with the elevator. She tells me it skips floors from time to time. I think yo myself of course it would. I also remember that this hotel has 3 elevators and only 1 was semi working. I'm finally home the next day and not I feel itchy and have mosquito bites on my arms and back. I really hope it's not bed bugs!

If I could rate this hotel no stars I would. I've stayed over 200 nights in hotels in my life. This one by far was in the top 2 worst hotels I've seen! Do not I repeated DO NOT stay here!
For this hotel，except I can rate them an one star is an one star,this star is just for the view of the city 's downtown and not thing for inside the building .I was check in midnight at 3/22, I was book a room with a double bed for 1 person for two night,the gentleman in the reception give me a room with two single bed,then I go downstairs and want to ask him for change a room with one bed,the guy said I just have king bed room now means you need to pay more and you get a good price for this,at that moment I don't want to talk with him anymore.In the second day in the afternoon around 2pm,a thin woman knock on the door very rude and I open the door she talk to me very rude seems like I just here for one night and didn't check out 3hours late (btw this is the first hotel I 've seen in the US is check in at 4pm and checkout at 11am),anyway she apologized after I told her I booked for two night.In the third morning the house keeping knock on the door at 10:50am,at that moment I feel the staff in this hotel is so tricky,I think this situation of this hotel is not first time,I suggest the customer planing visit here if you don't have to stay at this hotel please don't stay here though you really want a room with a view of Philadelphia.
This was probably the worst experience of my life. I would never stay in this hotel again. The room was an icebox because the heater didn't work. The toilet  was over flowing the carpets and windows were filthy. The towels felt like sandpaper. Was charged $40 for parking in their lot. Way overpriced!
I've never left a bad review but I'm all for sharing information with people. We kind of had a horror story happen when our AirBnB was in Kingsessing, literally like the worse part of Philadelphia. As two young female travelers we didn't even feel safe walking around in broad daylight, so we had to book a room HERE at the last minute. 

On our first night's stay this past Thursday, our first room reeked of cigarettes when we walked in, there was vomit in the toilet, the toilet seat was dirty, and we didn't have clean towels; so we literally had to ask the front desk for clean towels, AND we had to walk to the closest CVS to buy Febreze to spray the room, just so it was bearable.

On the second day, Friday, we had the complimentary breakfast and it was awful. My friend and I left for the day to adventure in Center City. We come back to the hotel and our key cards to our room were deactivated and later to find  our bed was not made, and our dirty towels still on the bathroom floor. So we look around the room to find the front desk directory, and we open one of the dresser drawers and find someone's dirty boxers. That was the last straw. We marched downstairs to complain AGAIN and the concierge finally agrees to switch our rooms. So we switch into a better smelling and somewhat cleaner room, that had clean towels that would suffice for the night. 

On our third day, Saturday, we leave for the day to go adventure more in Center City. But before we left, we made note that the cleaning cart was on our floor at the time we were leaving to go downstairs. We come back to our key cards being deactivated AGAIN, and our bed was STILL never made, and no one brought us clean towels AGAIN. So we marched downstairs again and told the male concierge the list of consecutive issues we've had and asked for the manager. The concierge told us that the supervisor would be in at 7 AM the next morning, which was kind of perfect considering that was when we were leaving. Altogether, the male concierge was accommodating to our immediate needs; however, someone should be overlooking the other staff. 

Sunday morning comes around and we pack and go downstairs to check out and the female concierge was on the phone. As she on the phone she gestures us to tell her what we need, so we ask to speak to the manager. As she is on the phone with another customer, she tells us that he manager isn't here and we tell her that we were told to speak to the supervisor this morning. With an attitude she says SHE is the supervisor and we politely said we could wait to speak with her when she got off the phone. So she sarcastically says that she could speak to us and that she was great at multi-tasking. Obviously NOT. So we tell her all the things that led up to us getting our room switched and she was willing to accommodate us to only pay for 2 nights instead of 3, so we accepted that just to get out and get on our train back to NY. She apologized for the inconvenience and said that she hopes we come back again....NEVER AGAIN. This was by far the worst hotel I've ever been to, but I guess you get what you pay for ‍. 

If I could give 0 zero stars, I would. If you're staying in Philly, stay in Rittenhouse Square.
Zero was not an option. I always look for the good in things, it was very difficult to find something good here. With that in mind, I like how they had a television on as we checked in because of that I was able to catch the 3rd quarter of the basketball game. Beyond that, there was NOTHING good here. This hotel needs an ENTIRE overhaul. Immediately upon entry, the decor and the smell were repelling. The staff wasn't present to welcome you. We waited for about six minutes before someone came to the front desk. We got checked in. The elevator buttons were malfunctioned: press up to go down and down to go up. Buttons and signage were held up by scotch tape. The buttons inside don't light up, so as the doors open you have to check the room numbers to help direct you. Upon entering the room we were welcomed by darkness and a bad smell. We attempted to move hotels and rooms, but due to a Phillies game, scheduled weekend race series, and Pride Scheduled events we had to stay...  The lights didn't work immediately upon entering. The towels were browning and didn't match. The toilet seat had blood splatter on top of it. The toilet ran. The shower didn't work. The remote control was lost, we asked to find one and it was brought to us three hours later, at 1:32 am. There was a tunneling hole next to the air conditioner. We are afraid to investigate even further. The telephone doesn't work. The bedding is stained and the lamps don't have light bulbs. The rugs are secured by staples in the wall. The sockets aren't secure as power cords do not fit properly. Slept with lights and full clothes on each night. on  The service. The stay. It was not pleasant. 


I wish I would've looked at Yelp before... I allowed a family to book without question. Completely disappointed.
DISGUSTING! Filthy, gross, horrific, nasty. There are not enough words. Absolute filth. Bugs crawling all over the room. No running water in the shower. Rust rings in the bathroom. I checked right back out after an hour of being there. They claim management isn't there to give you a refund. The desk help stated " they're only lady bugs". Stains all over the sheets and mattresses. The hotel looks like it belongs in a 3rd world country. Run for the hills and do not let the price fool you. Caped dust and debris in the carpets. No working elevators. Construction workers all over the place but no work being done to the hotel. Boxes of junk everywhere. Creepy staff. It was like being in a horror movie. I am glad I didn't stay the night in this nightmare. Our room key wouldn't work and the hotels "handy man " was just going to open the door without any confirmation of the room being ours. 

The department of health should close this place down as soon as possible.
This place needs to be shut down. Stood one night. Elevator was broken and our room was on the fifth floor. Stairs were super dangerous the walls are dirty, the carpet doesnt get vacuumed.  The carpet was ripped. Bed sheets and lamp shade was stained. I booked the room for 2 people and they gave a whole generous TWO TOWELS. Called about the bedsheets, they expected me to take the hike to go get the sheets. I made them being them to me. Since i booked through expedia, they couldnt even give us a refund. Halls smelled like cigarettes and weed. Oh there was also a leak in my bathroom. I walked in the room with socks and literally felt how disgusting that carpet was. The parking was stressful too! They literally made up parking and it took forever for them to find a spot. I was afraid someone was going to hit my car trying to leave the lot. Like i said the place needs to be SHUT DOWN.
DO NOT STAY HERE!!! If only I could place a review and give ZERO stars, I would be happy. My husband likes to Priceline everything and usually I can at least stand the places for one night. This one was from ParkSleepHotels.com. We wanted a place I could leave my car, shuttle to the airport, and shuttle back. In the end I didn't need the parking service and I should have changed hotels. But live and learn. This is the most DISGUSTING place I have ever stayed. If I had not been flying out of Philly this morning early and rather been on the road, I would have driven anywhere to get out of this place. The hotel is supposed to be nonsmoking and I stepped off the elevator to the smell of cigarettes. Then I opened the door to the room and the floor looked as if it has never been vacuumed. The room had nothing for me on which to place my suitcase. So my husband opened the ironing board for a luggage caddy. I was not putting anything on the floor. I went to the bathroom and looked down on the floor and saw what looked like an artificial nail. This led me to look under the sink and it appeared the floor had not been swept in A VERY long time. We tried to call the desk, but there was no answer so I went downstairs to see the clerk in person. I found a huge line of travelers who had been delayed or canceled at the airport, so obviously this is a cruddy hotel if the airlines are putting you up here. I circumvented the line and spoke to a woman who was just standing behind the desk doing nothing and seemed to snarl as I voiced my concerns while asking for a blanket. She went to the back and came back with a comforter and a man who genuinely seemed concerned and said he would be up in a little while. After about 30 minutes, he knocked on the door and came in and swept and vacuumed. I think there was some attempt to clean the tub because I smelled cleaner when I went back in.  I don't know because I was so mad and disgusted that I made my husband handle the whole thing at this point. The only reason we did not leave was because we could not find another open hotel room near the airport at 9 pm at night. I wrapped up in the comforter and laid down on the hard rock bed and attempted to sleep in my bathrobe and socks. I was not touching the sheets with my body because who knows when they have ever been changed. I am now awake at 2:45 and have been for the last hour after being awakened by a noise which I can not say for sure wasn't a rodent.  Somehow I am going to have to shower in a few hours and try to appear human for my trip after a night of hotel hell. DO NOT STAY HERE!!

Update: The rain overnight came in through the window and puddled on top of the window AC unit.  The shower did not work. You could do nothing to turn it on. Push, pull, turn, whatever, nothing. The guy in the elevator with me last night told me his shower was stuck on scald. I guess nothing may be better. At least the streaming water wouldn't tease you. I am almost glad because I can't imagine drying off with the towels. My husband stopped by the front desk and told the clerk about the shower and to let him know it was the most disgusting hotel we had ever slept in. He also said, "I am sure this is not the first time you have heard that." Poor clerk. He agreed.
You should remove this place from your site. The place was filled with unhappy people and no elevator working. I had my 80 yr old father that had to climb 6 flights or stairs. But yet using your site I can't cancel and get a refund. I was very very unhappy!! Horrible customer service!!!
I had a terrible, terrible experience here. My stay was for three nights (check in Wednesday night and checkout Saturday morning).

The only good thing about this hotel is its location. It is incredibly close to the downtown Philadelphia area. Everything else I experienced at this hotel is not positive at all.

I landed in Philadelphia at 10 pm on Wednesday. According to Penrose Hotel on Hotels.com, where I booked my stay, airport transportation was provided. I went to the hotel pick zone. There were buses for each other hotel coming through picking up other people, but there was not anything arriving for Penrose Hotel. I waited nearly 45 minutes for nothing. I called the hotel, and I was told that they are no longer providing that service. Then why does my booking show that, and why is it being advertised. Round trip, it cost me an additional $53.69 for the airport transportation that was supposed to be included by the hotel. When I talked to the workers at the hotel the next morning about it, it was completely brushed off. They told me that it was taken off all of their website postings. I have mine that shows otherwise. Their response was what is your name and room number, and we will see what we can do. They did absolutely nothing.

The cleanliness of this hotel is far from acceptable. At first quick glance, it may look nice, but it is actually really disgusting. There are stains all over the walls from the lack of it being cleaned. The hotel management should really consider buying some ammonia to deep clean their walls and the hotel in general.

On top of its lack of cleanliness, the condition of the room was not acceptable or safe. There was a hole in the wall near the window about the size of a golf ball. There were smaller holes all around in places where things used to hang. For example, the bathroom had it next to the light switch. There was paint that rolled/brushed over areas that should not have been that color. One of the electrical sockets was out of the wall. Even the fire alarm was hanging out of the wall with its wires exposed. 

The WiFi here is complete and total garbage. The network is open to anybody. You do not have to be a paying guest at this hotel to have the WiFi access. I could not do any of my work during my stay here because of the poor connection. The WiFi should be more secure and exclusive to people who are actually paying to stay at the hotel.

For all of Thursday, there was absolutely zero hot or even warm running water. This made shaving very challenging.

I was on my way to leave, and I took one of the elevators down to the lobby. When the elevator doors opened, I was in for a disturbing surprise. There was crap everywhere. It looked like a construction zone gone wrong. Then some lady told me that I had to go outside and walk all the way around the hotel. That made no sense to me so I went back in the elevator. I went back to my floor, and then I used a different elevator.

The customer service here is not acceptable at any level. None of the employees seem to care about neither their jobs nor their guests at the hotel. Any time I brought anything to their attention, it was brushed off like it was nothing. Then I would get the nonverbal communication of what are you doing still standing here. The customer service is not welcoming at all; it is more stand offish and rude than anything else.

I definitely do not recommend this hotel.
I think this is the building they took over to make the big crack mega house in New Jack City. Yes, the elevator doesn't work like everyone says, the walls are cracked, weird smells, etc, etc. On a positive note, the staff knows what they're working with and was nice. It's close to the arenas/stadiums.
PENROSE HOTEL PARKING - if I could give it a zero I would have! On our way to the airport, the shuttle driver did not want to wait for us, claiming that it would take too long until we finished our check-in. We waited over an hour for him to come back for a pick up and he did not show up! We ended up taking an Uber to the airport and almost missing our flight. On our arrival, the shuttle came to pick us up after 45 minutes and numerous calls to different numbers at the hotels (the nuber that was supposed to work had not been picked up).
I've never reviewed anything, but I had to make an account to explain how disgusting this place is. My husband and I bought concert tickets for a show near by, but we're a 2 hour drive from Philly so we needed somewhere to spend the night. We went on Hotwire and chose a 3 star, more affordable hotel. We got to the hotel and the disappointment was extreme. First there's a 100$ security deposit you have to make if you use card instead of cash even though we paid 70 for the room.. also you only get it back after 10 days. The kitchen was closed due to "illness." This is because (I'm guessing) there's only one person who cooks and they're sick so they closed the kitchen. They tell us at check in that the cleaning staff is short and so rooms may be delayed two hours additionally. Ours surprisingly wasn't. Then only one elevator was operational and the 6 floor light didn't even turn on. We get to the floor our room doesn't have a number on it so we walked around twice before we realized. Then we get into the room it didn't look that bad until we turned on the AC and a bunch of dust comes out. The window sills were disturbingly dirty and the sheets were stained. I used one of the towels to clean the nightstand and the towel came out black. I have never had such an awful experience at a place ever. We stayed one hour and checked out. We decided we were better off paying for parking by the concert and driving the two hours back home.
Spend your money elsewhere!!!!! (fyi- this review will sound similar to another review posted. This is because my sister and I roomed together).

Normally, when I travel to Philly, I stay at the Marriott to be close to downtown. Unfortunately,the Penrose Hotel was the cheapest accommodations I could find because the weekend of 6/2-6/4 was a busy hotel week due to Comic Con.

I called while I was on my way since I arrived later than expected. A young lady answered the phone sounding very much like a disgruntled employee.She sighed and sucked her teeth the duration of our conversation which couldn't have lasted more than 3 min.

Upon checking in,I was met by a man at the front desk who also seemed a bit annoyed. He was able to check me in, in a timely fashion. I get upstairs to my assigned room and my card key was not activated. I returned to the lobby to have this gentleman escort my sister and I upstairs to see for himself that the card did not work. He returned to the lobby to assign us another room.

Once we got inside our assigned room,I was shocked to say the least. The room was humid and smelled of mildew. The room appeared to have been furnished through a garage sale. None of the furniture matched. Some pieces were black and others were cherry wood. The bathroom was in need of an overhaul and the sofa chair that sat in the corner of the room I wouldn't go near.There was a stain on it that appeared to be a white powdery residue. Also the furniture needed dusting.

My sister and I were in town for my aunts funeral. On the morning of the service, we arrived late because the whole building did not have hot water. Once we were able to make my exit out of the building, I wound up waiting about 10 minutes for the elevator. The elevator ride was a nightmare.Simply because, the staff that works there do NOT have a service elevator. All patrons and employees were using one elevator. The 2nd elevator (along with the service elevator) was out of service the whole weekend. 

The phone in my room (see picture) had instructions on them that didn't work. It was an absolute nightmare. The signage in the hallway directs you to "vending and ice" when those items are found on 2 separate floors.This is something I should've been notified of during check in which I wasn't.

Upon checking out, I was told that my confirmation would be sent via e-mail  and I never received one. What I did receive by email was a link for me from booking.com I left a less descriptive account of my stay but, it was indeed negative. I received a notice from booking.com stating that I never checked in with them on the reserved dates, although my credit card charge for my stay came up as the Ramada Inn. 

If you refuse to shut this place down,at least renovate it. Own up to your shortcomings and learn to respect and keep the people happy that keep you in business!
Nasty bedroom, they don't change the sheets unless you ask them, breakfast is disgusting, elevator is slow, hallways look like a crack house/Brooklyn projects, and phones don't work in your rooms. It's a nasty place.
This hotel is one of the most disgusting places I have every stayed at. Holes in the wall and cracks in the ceiling. Carpet has cigarette burns in a non smoking room. I can't believe this place is still in business. We will never stay here again.
Do not EVER stay in this hotel. I repeat....EVER! They say that the elevator is "under maitenence", I dont think that elevator has ever been in operation. So you have to go up a stairway that has gang tags all over the place. There is red stains on the bed - whats even more disturbing is that the same stains are on the wall as well. I would rather sleep under a bridge with a crack whore watching my back. I'm not fancy and don't require much, but Jesus Fucking Christ!!!! The one and only redeeming quality is that the guy at the front desk was nice, but you can see it in his eyes that he feels sorry for you. He knows you booked online. He knows knows you done effed up. Just don't ever stay here. EVER!!! Honestly all I needed was a bed for 2 nights and this was not even close. I'm just going to crank the heat (which smells like smoke and old cat) and sleep on the floor and see my doctor when I get home. This is an embarrassment to the city of Philadelphia, hotels.com and any other individual anywhere trying to run a reputable business. There's a phrase "avoid it like the plague", well after being here, I welcome the plague.
Would rather be dead than stay here. Holy shit. You can't stay here and not be a crackhead.. who owns this place? Someone please burn this motherfucker down
I wish there was lower then one star. Waited an hour to check in and was taken to a room that was not what I booked. The room smelled and the floors were soaking wet. There was plaster on the floor of the bathroom as the ceiling was crumbling. Both the shower and toilet did not work. Do not bother. Ended up not using the room. Count get a refund because the front desk is a bunch of con-artist and will lie to your booking site and credit card company and provide false documents to said company's after refusing to respond to any email or phone call. This place should be shut down and people should consider taking legal action against them for they're horrible practices.
We got to the hotel at approximately 5:30.  It is know 7:55 and I have not got a room yet.  The room was paid for with a reservation.  I went to the restaurant in the hotel to eat and told them I would be there. I came out of the restaurant a lot of people that were in the lobby waiting for a room weren't there.  I asked about the room again and said it appears that people who came in after me weren't here.  He told me that a lot of people left and went to the concert.  Also one of the elevators is broken.   I have stayed here previously and did not have any problems.   This is the worst hotel experience I have ever had.  I have never had to wait until after 8 am for a hotel room.
If I could give this hotel a zero, I would.  This place is absolutely disgusting.  Parking lot was full and cars were parked illegally everywhere.  Check in agents were rude and actually yelled at customers.  Elevators were not working and apparently haven't been for over a year.  Hotel is filthy.  Trash in hallways.  Stains on furniture and carpeting.  Mold in rooms.  Smell of urine in the hallways.   And the Manager, Ava, could care less.  It is obvious they don't care as once you book and pay for the room there is no refund allowed.  We left and stayed at the Marriott.  STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE.
HOW IS THIS PLACE NOT CLOSED DOWN???  Codes broken everywhere.  Disgusting room.  We left immediately and found another hotel and couldn't wait to shower after being there.  Hotel Hell doesn't even begin to describe this place.  RUN!  Pay the extra money for somewhere else to stay.  

This place needs zero stars
This place is terrible, dirty, and disgusting. There was fossilized vomit on the floor. The room hadn't been dusted in weeks. There was a leak in the bathtub ceiling. People were at the front desk complaining that they found a crack pipe in their room. I'm pretty sure that people live here. The lady checking us in was bored and unenthusiastic. Everything was dirty and it smelt bad. It was $200 less than any other hotel. It wasn't worth saving the money. It was absolutely disgusting and I feel dirty for having spent the night there. I feel more as if I lost $120 than saved $200. Gross, gross, gross. Absolutely disgusting!!
Damn should have checked this first...I'll give it a zero haven't even seen the room yet
My flight was canceled so I got a room...picked one with a bar and grill since I have no car. I get there...elevator is busted and I'm on the 3rd floor and the bar only serves breakfast so I'm directed across the street to a chinese restaurant with a bar....WTF! Super sketchy
Stayed here May 2019 for a few short hours on a layover since it was near the airport and had shuttle service. Shuttle driver peeled out squeezing the tires. Didn't help elderly passengers put their luggage in the back. Arrived at the hotel and it was a disaster. Elevator was out but front desk girl was kind enough to move our room to the second floor. A passenger on my shuttle arrived and his car battery was dead. The front desk girl had to repeatedly ask/beg the shuttle driver to help this man but refused until he took like a thirty minute break. I wish I took pics of the room. The pics online are not accurate. I was nervous to get in the bed. I felt like I would get bed bugs and yep....I got scabies. Do not stay here. So not worth it! And I've never given anyone a one star review. It was bad.
If I could give this hotel no stars I absolutely would. To start I waited on a check in line at 530pm for a half hour . The lady would I spoke with told me my room was not ready, she said the rooms were still being cleaned ! So she said she'll give me another room which was two standard , not a king . THAN she tells me I'm paying for parking when booking.com said it's free and she goes "well the websites we use lie , I guess I'll honor it " so now moving on to the my room , not only was the carpet and the bathroom disgusting . The AC was broken , their was no lightbulbs in one of the lights and their were STAINS all over the comforter and sheets ! Later on after our concert when we got back from our concert their was a MOUSE in the room ! After being traumatized by all of this we decided to try and sleep since we had to leave early for New York and it was now 130am . At 5am the fire alarm starts going off!!!!!!! Not just once at least 3 times for the next 3 hours . Finally I called the front desk and they told me to not worry about it .... really? So now I go to express myself at checkout about how upset I am and how I don't want to pay this and he goes "my manager isn't here I'll take your number " I responded with is she really going to call me and he goes " I can't answer that because I don't want to make us look bad " Are you kidding me !?!?! Not to mention such false advertisement online the place is a dump the stairwell looks like it belongs in a nightmare on elm street , theirs one elevator that's slow as can be , and in the hallways the carpets are all ripped up . Do yourself a favor and never stay here . I'll be disputing my charges with my credit company and writing to the better business bureau as well .
Worst hotel I've ever stayed at. Carpet was peeling away, bed had no cover only a sheet, and the floor mat in the shower was gray. The toilet kept making dragon noises all night so I couldn't sleep. Truly disgusting. Uber driver said he usually just picks up the hookers from this place. So that was nice to know after we slept on the mattress with only a fitted sheet. Don't waste your money. Worst experience. Pay the extra $50 to stay somewhere nicer.
Absolutely, without question, the sh&tiest, dirtiest ripoff of a hotel you can imagine.
First off, the elevators don't work--and we were told they haven't worked in the last 4 years. Then they tell us that they put us on the "second floor," which was actually the FOURTH floor. Then we had to lug our luggage up a disgusting, spooky stairwell that TWO DIFFERENT TIMES DURING MY STAY I heard other guests on the stairwell say "it looks like a murder scene." So I get my key and the woman tells me it will be $10 to park. I laughed and said, "well I charge $10 if the elevator doesn't work, so we'll call this a wash. They waived the larking, which was the one thing they did right.
So I get up to my room with my entire family's luggage, and both keys didn't works. I get back downstairs and the short woman with glasses and a ponytail COULD NOT HAVE CARED LESS about my family's predicament. She literally had a face that said, "I don't care because I hate my job."
We get up to the room, and the first thing my 10 year old noticed is that there isn't a clock. Again, my TEN YEAR OLD KNOWS THAT THERE SHOULD AT LEAST BE AN ALARM CLOCK.
The second thing I noticed was the smell. Somebody obviously pissed on the floor of our room. We then turn on the tv and the majority of the channels didn't come in clearly. And then I noticed that our smoke detector was disconnected. It was a comedy of errors. 
After we settle in, I go to my car to put my overnight pass, and on the size of the building near the dumpster I heard two African American women employees screaming and cursing at each other about giving each other rides to wherever, but it was just another example that was indicative of the horrible experience we had.
I then left with my family to the Phillies game and a crater in the parking lit the size of the Grand Canyon--right near the exit--would have swallowed my car if I wasn't paying attention and avoided it.

This hotel SUCKS. They should take the $10 they charge people to park and fix their damn elevators. 
DO NOT STAY AT THIS DUMP!!
If I could give no stars I would, this hotel is the worst I've ever stayed. Started off with my arrival at the hotel to find out there was no working elevators. One flight up for first floor(fully out of use) was a confusing mess to find the next 4 flights to the 3rd floor. Get to my room and it appears to have a dirty carpet and bathroom floors. Ready for my shower and the water is COLD. Not lukewarm, cold. Great! Can't even charge my phone, no working outlets...
Around 9pm rolls around the first night and the fire alarm starts ringing. I attempt to cal the front desk to see if this is a drill or mandatory fire alarm but no answer multiple times. I have to walk down the 5 flights of stairs to have the man at the front desk tell me oh it's a mistake but I don't know what to tell you. Lovely, the alarm rings for another 15 minutes before it finally shuts off.
waking up the next morning is the next big off where my roommate with me woke up to a fully swollen bottom lip and multiple bites over his body.   I go down for breakfast and was given inaccurate information for the breakfast times so I completely missed it and lost out for the day on that one. Cool by me I GUESS... 
Fast forward to the next day where I'm trying to leave the hotel, I call the front desk to schedule a shuttle to the airport and the lady at the front desk tells me no she can not do that for me. I have to come to the hotel and schedule a reservation before she can do that, even though I'm in the hotel bed at this point.... I mentioned I am in the room 3 times before she finally realized she was yelling at me for no reason and was in the wrong. Then continued to give me a rude attitude while she retrieved the number for the shuttle service. 

Mimi was super helpful though, she was the only person who empathized with me and tried her best to give me accurate information, though she was only available for the first half of my Sunday there! 

Overall the worst hotel ever, don't stay here, don't pay the money for it. This hotel needs to do some major remodeling and work on it employee services before it continues to open its doors for service.
I don't even want to give this hotel 1 star... I walked in and the lobby was a red flag all the furniture was knocked down I was so tired so I was still willing to stay. The elevator was broken so my room was on the 10th floor As I was walking up the stairs there was graffiti and I saw a bat so I left I didn't even want to imagine what the rooms were like don't stay there YOU ARE BETTER OFF IN YOUR CAR
The elevator doesn't work. And I had to carry all my bags up 5 floors. Some help would've been appreciated.
False Advertisement- Beware, things are not as they appear online!!Seems like they put more money was put into advertising than the actual hotel. $10 "free parking." I reserved the room for 2 but there was only 1 towel and washcloth & no soap or tp. I called to have more sent up and was told I had to come get them from the front desk. I'm on the 11th floor. After waiting 7min for the elevator the mildew smell was strong enough to take the stairs. I opened the stairwell door, it was so dark that I stayed for the elevator. There was some light, but not on my floor. Then finally at the front desk i was told that someone would bring my towels
The hallway is super sketchy and the elevator is sooo slow. I practically aged waiting for the elevator. There were no big towels just hand towels. We were in town for a concert . We woke up skipped the breakfeast and got the hell out.
I want to start by saying that the Penrose is by far the worst hotel I've ever been in, and I'm not exaggerating. We are from Iowa and we had no idea the condition of this place as the reviews and the pictures were very misleading. We checked in July 1st and tried to go up to our floor, only to find out the elevator was not working without personnel. They had a guy working the elevator that appeared to be high as he smelled strongly of weed. To make the situation even more sketchy, the door and ceiling of the elevator were bare, wires and everything exposed, and it did not at all seem safe. When we got to our room, we opened the door only to be hit with a strong scent of cigarette smoke, seeping from the carpet. The room was dim and had minimal furniture, constrasting the pictures online. There was drywall dust (or something unknown) coating the floor boards throughout the entire room and the trim was the extended carpet, which looked super trashy. The furniture was broken and cracked. The room did not seem clean in the slightest and we were hesitant to sit on any of the limited furniture present in the room. When we went down to the lobby we decided to take the stairwell as we would have to call down if we wanted to take the hazardous elevator- the stairwell smelled like urine and felt like we were walking down to our deaths. I honestly can not believe this place is still operational. We called and complained and got refunded after spending hours on the phone with Expedia- the worst experience with a hotel EVER!  I would not even let my animals stay in this place. Absolutely terrible.
OMG! We just checked in! 6th floor room and the elevator has been broken for months!!!!!! After hauling up luggage 6 floors......only 1 towel in the bathroom. No wash cloths! Bedroom floor is squishy and wet!!! I had to open the window because I started coughing. This place is a health hazard! The tub has cigarette stains and cigarette  burn holes in the bed cover. There is not a picture on any wall! It's spooky, moldy & a fly just flew in the window! There's a stained hand print on the wall and this place feels haunted! I'm out of here! -Lo from Champion PA
If available, I would give this dump a negative star rating.  June 13th, I arrived at the hotel at 9:00 p.m.;(after being dropped off in an unlit parking lot at the back of the hotel by the airport shuttle van driver;  saying that he had to get back to the airport to pick up more passengers); was informed by harried desk clerk that there were no clean rooms available (I had a confirmed reservation for that night) and that there were about thirty (30!) people in line ahead of me waiting for rooms, adding that he did not know how long we would have to wait for rooms. The Hotel lobby was crowded with angry people, some of whom had been sitting around for hours with no restaurant or lounge open in which to wait.  In my case, after waiting for three hours - and being told repeatedly that there still were no clean rooms available - just before midnight I finally got a room. 

In addition, two of the three hotel elevators were not working, leaving one elevator to service 12 floors; result being that people had to stand and wait for two or three circuits of the elevator before being able to finally get to their rooms.  

In retrospect, I would have been better served sleeping on the floor at the airport - probably would have been cleaner too.

NEVER STAY AT THIS DUMP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
DO NOT STAY HERE! If I could get it negative stars I would ! this place was absolutely disgusting. I booked for one night while in Philly for a concert thinking how bad could a hotel b for less than 24hrs. I arrived a little earlier than check in and was told elevators did not work also that the only rooms available at the time were on the 8th floor but to call the front desk as 4pm ( check in time ) to switch to something on a lower floor so I took it.. climbing 8 flight of stairs which looked like something out of a horror movie was bad , I was out of breath and sweating like crazy to walk into a steaming hot room. The air barely worked and The room was absolutely disgusting dirty carpets and walls. I sat one spot until 4pm and went to call back for a room change to find out the phone didn't work. I called from my cellphone for them to tell me nothing was available call back in 2 hours. Fed up I decided to keep my room since it was only for a night and my Concert was starting soon. Outlets didn't work .. lights flickered .. there were 2 random doors in the room and when opened it was a wood wall behind the doors which was creepy. I seen Lots of flies and small bugs flying / crawling around which made me extremely uncomfortable. I wouldn't recommend this MOTEL to my worse enemy! this place should definitely be condemned!!!!
I would give this hotel less stars if I could. I'm a disabled that one coming in town to celebrate the Marine Corps birthday. They did not inform me that the elevator was out and I would have to walk up three flights of stairs to get to my room. After hobbling up the three flights to find a dirty room. Towels everywhere beds unmade. I returned to the front desk and asked for a refund. The front desk clerk agreed and refunded my money. Two days later the Penrose charge me my full amount. Saying that I dirtied the room .  I've been fighting it ever since November. Run away from this place. Do not stay here do not do business with them.
Staaaay away. It's just sketchy AF. My boyfriend and I checked in here because we were going to a concert near by. We got up to our room and immediately started calling other hotels and checked out within 30 mins. Didn't spend enough time in the room to take in the filth but when we checked in the two people at the front desk didn't acknowledge us for several minutes until I caught their attention. Just poor and weird customer service. The other clientele that we saw were shady. The elevator was extremely slow and we got stuck on the sketchy mezzanine and had to take the stairwell to the stairwell to our room on floor 2. The stairwell was SCARY and with how the elevator operates, you'll be stuck in the freaky stairwell. Just don't bother with this place. This place is a public health disaster and should be shut down.
Absolute shithole..smelled bad and entire staff was rude.
Back in September we booked a weekend stay here. Every where else was booked. Upon check in ...NO ELEVATORS! Long story short..walked to 8th floor, mind you I was on a heart monitor and have health issues. Entered our room to find BED BUGS! LEFT immediately and was refused a refund. We slept at a TA parking lot that night. We called this hotel for weeks and they refused our refund. GUESS WHAT??? We got our refund last week after contacting the Attorney General Office a month back and they did an amazing job recovering our refund. If you have beenripped off by this hotel and have all your ducks in a row, please contact the Attorneys General office for Consumer Protection. We work hard for our money and do NOT deserve the treatment this hotel delivers.
The staff doesn't care about you.  We tried to checked in late and she was sleeping in the back. We couldn't her attention for like 15 minutes no matter how hard we tried.  She didn't even apologize when she woke up.  The rooms are spacious but the beds are way too small for 2 people to sleep comfortably.  There are also motion sensors in the room....but for what? Also even on the 15th floor there are no locks for windows and those Windows can fit a whole person out of them. When we went to finally checkout....they couldn't give us a receipt which was really shady. I don't suggest ever staying here. Ever.
Alright, I normally only post positive reviews because I've worked in customer service for over 5 years, but this place is something else. We walked into the nice looking lobby with no line and had about a 25 minute check in, the only woman working front desk moved like a sloth. After a line had built of 6 or so guest we finally checked in and made our way to the elevator. Don't be fooled by the two sets, only one side is active, and in this 12 story hotel it takes a long time for the elevator to get anywhere when the maids are also overriding commands with their keys so they can hop on faster. So we finally make it to our room, very spacious since they chose space over queen sized beds (two full), the A/C worked great! After a nights sleep it was time to check out so we went to the elevator and a maid informed us it was out of order and we could stay in our room until it had been fixed, 10 minutes later she informed us they wouldn't be fixing the elevator today. I appreciate the exercise of 12 flights of stairs with the weight of my luggage, I can skip the gym today, but an elevator would have been nice. The worst part is knowing that if they hadn't tried to cut costs with subpar staff and turning off one of the elevators this place would have been fine, it's carelessness. They don't really care about you or your stay. I do though, enjoy your trip to Philadelphia and maybe don't stay here. If you so though there's a vending machine next to the lobby and a disassembled ice machine on the first floor. Thanks for the nights' sleep.
If I could give zero stars. Rude af. 1 shuttle to the airport. No system. Leaves customers to contend with each other about who got there first. My bad. You get what you pay for.
This hotel is a place to sleep, but that's it. No doubt In my mind that this is the worst hotel I've ever stayed in. The elevator took 15 minutes to come down from 15 floors, and it was covered in graffiti and just terrible. I would rather have my kneecaps broken then stay in this hotel and the crappy area that surrounds it. Oh yeah and I was randomly charged 67 dollars on my second day of staying there, still haven't been explained why.
Plse don't stay here. Even if you need to go to a concert or airport life is too short to sleep in an ashtray. First the place is such a dump I can't even take a shower. When we checked in they did not have our reservation. It took about 30 mins to sync the booking agent with the front desk. We asked for a nonsmoking room and it feels like we are sleeping in an ashtray. This place is nasty. Go spend more and sleep like a human being. Even the bedding smells of smoke. The front desk lady insisted this is a nonsmoking room.
The customer service was uninviting and disdained as if he didn't want to be any assistance.

The man told us that the only rooms available were on the 11th floor and the elevators didn't work so we had to WALK 11 flights of stairs to and from with our bags in a freight stairwell that smelled like cigarettes. When we got to our room the floors were stained and the lights were dimmed by bulbs that desperately needed changing. I got up to use the bathroom and found a filthy toilet bowl and the smell of poor plumbing coming from a dismantled sink that I had to twist creatively to get water out of. I realized the windows on the 11th floor opened entirely and jammed when you tried to shut them which made me completely uncomfortable at the risk of if there was maybe a child I traveled with. I lied down that night staring at cracked walls alongside the bed and struggling to get comfortable under tattered threads coming apart on the bed sheets. 

Throughout the night I woke up stuffy and dehydrated struggling to breathe. I left the room to get water only to find an empty space in the lack thereof where an ice machine SHOULD be. I traveled back down the 11 flights of stairs to get water from the car; I did NOT trust the water from the faucet at all and there were no shops in the hotel. In the morning when I went to take a shower, I found a bathtub that was filled with grime as if it had been occupied and unwashed for weeks. This was my worst hotel experience!
I will never again use their airport parking / shuttle service. When we were leaving PHL to go on vacation, we almost missed our flight because the receptionist kept telling us the shuttle would come at a certain time, so we kept waiting. Finally we ordered an Uber because it never came and we literally would have missed our flight.

When we landed back in PHL and got our bags, I called the shuttle service to let them know we were there. I had to call 5 times because it kept going to voicemail. Finally when they answered they said they couldn't give an estimate of when the shuttle would arrive, so we took another Uber back to the hotel to get our car. The person on the phone was also extremely rude.

For the amount of money we paid in extra transportation (and time wasted), we should have just parked at the airport itself.

Lastly - when we got our keys to leave Penrose Hotel, our car was PARKED IN! So we had to go back to the front desk and the person managing the establishment didn't know how to drive, so he asked us to move the person's car. He literally gave us the other person's car keys and asked us to move it so it was no longer blocking our car and we could get out. In the photo, our car is the white one. 

I was baffled. Needless to say, save your time and money and go somewhere else.
OMG!!  This property should be removed from Expedia and every other site-- in fact, this property should be removed from Philadelphia.  Nevermind the hassle at check-in or that all of the elevators don't work in this 17-story walk-up, the real "treat" was when we finally opened the door to the room they assigned us (after we lugged our stuff up the dank stairwell).  We actually had to stand back from of the overwhelming stench that greeted us.   After we mustered enough courage to enter, we sloshed through the carpet (or whatever that was on the floor) to realize the room hasn't been made (probably for some very long time).  The water was running (not dripping) in what was once likely a bathtub.  Half used bottles were strewn about, the bed covers were on the wet floor and thrown over a moldy chair.  I have pix.  Well, anyway, when we finally lugged our stuff back down to the lobby craving a bit of the Philly fresh air, the clerk was surprised we didn't want the room and told us she has no way to cancel the reservation or refund the money.  When I was younger I lived in abandoned buildings and a '56 Buick, and those were 5-star compared to the Penrose.
I would have given ZERO STARS if that was an option.

I used them for long-term airport parking with the understanding that they had a functional shuttle to transit me to and from the airport.  I have older parents in tow and they can't move very well.  

I returned with them Sunday afternoon on a day-long flight back from San Antonio, Texas.  I called the mobile number and got no answer.  I called the hotel and was advised the following:

* "The mobile phone was locked-in the shuttle.  No one is available with keys to drive the shuttle.  You will need to return back to the hotel on your own."

I incurred a $20 taxi ride back, for which they refused to reimburse me.  The outdoor parking advertised was cheap WITH a shuttle.  However, they did not satisfy their end of the bargain by providing me a ride back.  I felt just like Steve Martin at Marathon Rent-a-Car from "Planes, Trains, and Automobiles"!

By all means, SAVE YOUR MONEY AND PARK ELSEWHERE!
This place IS a true RIP-OFF!

"Caveat Emptor" = "Buyer Beware".

-Rolland C.
This hotel was dire. We should have read the reviews before we arrived so that's on us. Once we got there we were told the lift wasn't working, a really nice guy carried our suitcases to the fourth floor. Our room literally stank of cigarette smoke, our toilet paper had been unravelled by previous guests, we didn't have hot water. We came here to explore Philly so I was ready to just ignore it and focus on the city. Then I found red marks and foot prints on my duvet so decided that was enough and we checked out early. 

While I was there I overheard numerous guests complaining about similar stuff. I honestly feel bad for the staff, they were pretty nice to us. The whole 'you get what you pay for' would ring true if it was actually cleaned properly, but it's clearly not, it's genuinely disgusting.
This is by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. Shower didn't work. One staff worker during. Busy weekend.  Fire alarm going off in the the middle of the night.  The gentleman at the front desk held hi composer with a lobby full and I mean full of angry guest. 

The female manager has absolutely no management skills. She was rude, unapologetic, hung up on guest and bottom line unprofessional.

Shower didn't work!
Be bugs!

Do not...I repeat, do not stay here.
You have born warned.
If I could give it a negative zero I would! They stole my car and had it moved and I have no clue as to why! They lied and said my car was there and than said it was towed and than said someone stole it! Than I found out days later that they had it towed i don't know what sneaky stuff they had going on but they are crooks and thieves I won't even drive pass if I was you! They all deserve to be in jail!
Don't even consider staying at the Penrose Hotel. Dirty, dingy, and disgusting on the inside. Their elevators haven't worked in over 9 months... yes that's right 9 months! The second and official last time we attempted to stay here we were turned away with a paid reservation because their "notification system" was down. No attempt to contact us before we drove over two hours to stay. Management is nonexistent and the staff they do employ is laughable.
Used this for hotel airport parking  and it was the worst mistake ever!!! The check in process in the l lobby is the most chaotic process known to man!!!!! They neglected to tell you that the 1 shuttle bus only fits 8 ppl and it runs every 30-40min with no real schedule! Which made me call a uber because I didn't want to risk missing my flight. Needless to say I will never use them again. Choose them at your own risk!
