Light years ahead of the decrepit Sheraton that used to occupy this space, Marriott has completely renovated their Olde City flagship into a sleek and vibrant hub for business and play that suddenly feels like it belongs to the 21st century. 

Gone are the cobwebs and mold that once made a stay here feel like an Airbnb flop at the nearby Betsy Ross House. The rooms are pure minimalist modern, so pack lightly as storage space and drawers for your clothing are at a premium. All I know is that it suits my preferences in style and attitude. 

I'm dropping one star for an in-room HVAC unit that sounded like it was sourced from Boeing and the impossibly inscrutable light switches that took an advanced degree in industrial design from MIT to first locate, and then operate. I felt like the perplexed ape around the monolith in Kubrick's 2001 trying to dim the mood lighting around the headboard.

On the plus side, this place is very un-Marriot and that's a good thing. No offense to Betsy Ross. A solid four stars.

ps... I'm restoring the fifth star for one of the best hotel shower systems anywhere.
It's a vey nice hotel with a convenient locale in a relatively quiet neighborhood; ONLY minutes WALK away to historical attractions, restaurant and theatre districts; as well as to the waterfront attractions in Penn's Landing...!        

DETAILS - YOU CAN SKIP

ARRIVAL 

Its elegant, inviting circular courtyard, especially the friendly front staff immediately made us feel welcome! 

The reception was located on one side of the charming glass-roofed atrium. The pleasant reception staff checked us in quickly. They explained to us their environmentally friendly, "GREEN" Housekeeping Option. Very good, we took that. 

OUR ROOM (see pics)

As a SPG's Gold member, we got upgraded to a spacious corner room with 2 large windows with a view of greenery outside; a comfy King bed with nice linen; a small seating area with a lounge chair; an adequate bathroom with a tub, though no shower stall. Wish it had a shower stall instead, though! 

HOUSE KEEPING & the GREEN Option

The housekeeping crew was very accommodating. Although we opted for the "Green Option", i.e., WITHOUT the DAILY Housekeeping service, in exchange for 500 pts per night, the house-keeping would STILL come in to empty trash and freshen up the towels.

AMENITIES and FACILITIES

1. FREE in-room wifi

2.. FITNESS CENTER & POOL 

The hotel also has a very well equipped Fitness Center and a nice Pool! My wife enjoyed them. 

3. THE ATRIUM (see pics) 

Upon entering the hotel is the gigantic, bright, modern style atrium with a glass-top roof! The atrium has an eye pleasing, relaxing decor; a small waterfall panel; a snack bar, and a relaxing lounge seating area. The reception is around the corner facing the beautiful atrium. During the day, there is a table in the atrium with free pretzels and lemonades! 

4. CLUB LOUNGE (see pics)

As a SPG member, our upgraded amenities included access to the CLUB LOUNGE.

This club lounge is quite nice with 2 sections of seating areas, each with a tv. The lounge has a desktop pc for internet and printing boarding passes. GREAT!  

The Club provides daily continental breakfasts with small pancakes, fruits, cereals, grits, coffee, cappuccino...bottle water, soda. The evening snacks was excellent with drinks including free wine, beer.  WONDERFUL!  FREE coffee, bottle water and soda were provided all day. The lone staff was very friendly and helpful.  

Unfortunately, the "Operation" AND the "Layout" of this Club Lounge was not very functional.  
- I think, it's the Management's fault - more on that later.
 
CONVENIENT LOCALE

The hotel is only minutes walk away to the historical district; a variety of restaurants/bars, cinema/theatre; and to the water front attractions in Penn's Landing...WONDERFULLY convenient! 

My wife and I enjoyed our 4-day stay here tremendously. We had loads of fun walking around the neighborhood, visiting the historical district, Rittenhouse Square, Chinatown, several charming parks; Penn's Landing waterfront, and of course, quite a few bars and restaurants.  
- We will be be back.

CHECK OUT and AIRPORT SHUTTLE
- We had a smooth, late checkout. 
- There's a convenient airport shuttle service (Van) for $10 each (25min ride). Make reservation at the hotel concierge.

A DRAWBACK:   
- NOTES TO MANAGEMENT ON THE "CLUB LOUNGE" 

1. MESSY TABLES:
- At breakfast and evening refreshments, after the 1st round of guests, almost ALL tables were full of dirty dishes! WHAT AN UNAPPETIZING EYE SORE!  Guests who came later could not find a clean place to sit! In my opinion, a lone staffer simply was NOT sufficient to clear the dirty dishes off tables quickly enough by herself!   
:-(

A probable, simple solution?
- Have ready a "Dedicated Table and a Trash Bin" in a corner, and ASK the GUESTS to put away their own dirty dishes!  And/Or...
 
- Add extra staff, to keep clearing off tables during peak hours.  

2. POOR SEATING LAYOUT 
- The layout in the front lounge with the buffet is NOT very functional! The CONFERENCE TABLE seating is AWKWARD, uncomfortable, and partially blocking the flow of buffet line.

3. A Tip Jar by the buffet? 
- Seems a bit DEMEANING to the staff. 

MY RATING 

My rating for the Club Lounge itself is 2.5 Star! 

For the hotel's overall rating. I was at first tempted to give it a 3.0, as a result of the POOR operation of the Club Lounge!  But then I realized that NOT all guests were privileged to access the Club! With its nice rooms, excellent, facilities, good amenities, and excellent staff, this hotel deserves a 3.5-4.0 stars rating. I do hope that its management would make improvements for the Club Lounge! 

Peter, Aug 2014
For one night, this hotel worked for us. That and my doppelganger got it on Priceline for a mere 100 bucks at the weekend so how can I really complain?

The location meant easy access to restaurants and bars.

The outdated decor was rather hideous and there was no free wifi.

I vastly prefer the Hyatt Regency Philadelphia at Penn's Landing which is just a short trot across the 95 from the Sheraton Society Hill.
I had a wedding brunch at the Sheraton in Society Hill and I was pretty disappointed by it. 

First, I felt unwelcome when walking into the lobby as nobody held the door for me or even welcomed me. 

Also, while the lobby itself was fairly nice. It had some cool seating areas, a cafe and a touchscreen, which showed the many attractions in Philadelphia including Independence Hall, the Liberty Bell and the Philadelphia Zoo. However, the different rooms, which held many events including the wedding brunch I was going to were not clearly labeled and I had to ask for help to get there. 

The brunch itself was also a bit disappointing. The food was not very great in variety as they only had some basic items including eggs, bacon, pastries and bagels along with some types of juices. I really expect more of a variety of better quality from a Hotel. For example, something like an omelette bar or a variety of unique pastries would be much better.

While I was pretty disappointed in the food options offered, I did think that the staff working here was very nice. 

Altogether, while I found the food to be disappointing, the staff was professional and there were some interesting spots in the hotel including the lobby.
rounding up for the great value and location, but...

the rooms facing the atrium and bar area are super noisy when there's an event going on (which seemed to be every night I was there). the atrium is a gigantic echo chamber and even at midnight it felt like the party was right outside my door. the A/C was loud like a jet engine in the room, so when that kicked in it was louder than the party. ugh. the bed was so super soft and worn out, that trying to shift position took a huge effort because you're basically sunk deep into the mattress

but, I'd probably stay here again because of the value, proximity to the fun restaurants and bars on 2nd and it's walking distance to most of the other Philly historical sites. if they could fix the A/C and mattress, I'll definitely update my review
I am assuming when people think of Sheraton they are picturing a luxury 5 stars across the board types of hotels. I am sure back in the day these guys were up there in places to stay. Times have changed with newer up to date facilities , better accommodations, more for your buck type of deals.  I am not knocking these guys, Sheraton has kept up with the pace where they try to make you as comfortable as you can be.

I am giving them 3 stars, and 3 is a SOLID in my opinion.  This Sheraton did it right in where they are  located  with the surrounding establishments in the area. You're somewhat in the heart of Old City with the fantastic restaurants, hot spots, Penn's Landing, bars, etc.. for all to peruse, which  all are within walking distance. 

The staff here is pretty much on point, from the valet down to the barista slinging out Starbucks coffee. I am not a Starbucks fan, I needed a quick fix, you know get the hamster back on the wheel before I went for better coffee . They also have a great bar located inside with some pretty cool bartenders who are on the game if you want to start your pregame early. If not you could just sit relax, enjoy a cocktail or two, and order some food. 

The rooms were clean, the bed and pillows were comfortable, the shower worked, and the toilet flushed. What else do you need?  I know when you stumble in (not saying I was stumbling) you are just looking to drop on the bed and sleep.

Sheraton served its purpose  even if the rooms are a little small at this location, it still did its job. I'd come back again next time I plan on going on a weekend bar hopping adventure.
As an Starwood member, I love staying at Sheratons. Stayed at the one in University City without issue.

But on my latest visit in April, we picked this one for the location. It's great location.  

What is not great was the room.  Cigarette burns on the carpet floor.  Thin walls.

And, wait for it, bed bugs.

Yep, wife and child got lots of bites while sleeping here.  We had to decontaminate our baggage when we returned home.  

So, really, it doesn't matter that they have a good pool.  Until they certify that they are bedbug free, there are other places.
Mixed feelings on this hotel. Positives are the great location as it is across from Zahav and near all the touristy crap if you would like to walk to that stuff. There is also a starbucks in the lobby.  Not sure if I got a voucher because of status or if everyone is that cool but certainly a nice touch.  The setup is nice with the bright wide open center.  Cant stand shoebox hotels so this is nice. 

Negatives include telling me my car will be available in 10 minutes and 30 minutes later your valets are still sitting with their dicks in their hand.  Running out of rooms and sticking me in a double bed was also a big no-no.  I am a princess dammit and and my royal ass needs a queen at minimum.
This wasn't the worst hotel I've ever stayed in, but it definitely didn't even compare to the best.

I'll say that the renovations were nice... and that's about all this place has going for it.  My biggest problem were the amenities in this hotel (or lack thereof).  I assume this Sheraton chooses to charge all of its guests for every little thing because of their location, but it's a really big pain.  Let's break it down.

Pros:
+ Nice, remodeled rooms
+ Fitness center with high-end equipment (though small)
+ Nice pool 
+ Free USA Today available Monday-Friday
+ In-Room Starbucks Coffee 
+ Small Starbucks in lobby (expensive, though)

Cons:
- Base rate is $189+ tax (and rooms aren't big)
- Nice pool full of annoying kids from 6 a.m. - 10 p.m.
- Paid WiFi ($9.95/day) - I'm sorry, but why is WiFi free at Days Inn but it's not here?  There are other Sheraton's in the city of Philadelphia that have FREE WIFI... but you don't?  Unbelievable and highly, highly irritating.  Your patrons appreciate free WiFi, trust me.
- Slow, slow service.  When requesting more coffee (there was only enough for one person), it took two or three phone calls to actually get someone to come upstairs.  Coffee (and other toiletries and things) were never refilled during cleaning service in the morning.  What's the point of the coffee, then?  
- Rude front desk service.  When WiFi was free for the first two days we were there and then paid after, I called to complain.  What is the deal with that?  How is there just not free WiFi?  The front desk attendant didn't care about anything that I had to say and was actually rude about customer suggestions.  She told me there was nothing their hotel would do about these situations and there was no one else I could speak with to discuss the matter.  I know she was lying, but her rudeness made me want to get off the phone immediately.
- Super expensive in-house restaurant.  Standard breakfast was $13.  Oatmeal was $9.  Yogurt + bagel was $10.  Dinner entrees were $20+ and the food was pretty mediocre.  You're better off walking one block north on 2nd Street and going to any one of dozens of restaurants in the area.
- Lack of amenities for conference goers.  Most other hotels/resorts offer free WiFi to conferences that use the facilities and we got nothing.  No free coffee service in the morning, no free WiFi, no places to sit/stand to do work... nothing.  I've been to other conferences in other hotels and they definitely offer their guests much, much more in terms of amenities.

Don't come here.  The rooms are way too expensive for their lack of 20th century remodeling and amenities.  I'd say stay anywhere else (like the Hyatt down the block) if you want to stay somewhere large.  This hotel is not worth your time or your money.
Location is amazing... and I wish I had a chance to use the pool! But otherwise, there wasn't that much distinctive about this place, and seems awful spendy for a place under construction.

The rooms were perfectly comfortable, though not anything to write home about either. Also had no problems with the service, with the exception of a bizarre incident where I called down asking for some toothpaste and shaving cream, and got two packets of Colgate, and 6 half and half creamers (HUH??).  

The property is undergoing a facelift presently, which means only one bank of elevators is working. And since that bank was about a 6-iron from my room, hauling back and forth was not pleasant. They also attempted to make up for the possible noise and inconvenience by offering either free wifi, or a free Starbucks at their location. There already was Starbucks in the coffee maker in my room, and I have an aircard. Not exactly helpful, yo!

Spending ~$30 a night to valet my rental car wasn't pleasant either, but I knew about that before I booked it. Trust me, you don't want to park across the street and risk it: a cousin got nailed with a $325 towing fee out of it. Ouch.

Great if you need to stay close to South Street or Penns Landing or the historic district, but there very well might be other options out there.
This hotel gets three stars based on location--- we took the train up from D.C. and wanted to be able to access the historical parts of the city and hit some great restaurants by foot, and for that, you can't beat where it is- the heart of Old City. The top floor indoor pool and sauna were quite pleasant, as well, but I'd hate to be in a room up there. The entire floor smelled very strongly of chlorine.

Hands down, the biggest negative was  the drink prices. We ordered two drinks. A double vodka soda (absolut) and a rail double margarita. We paid over $40. FOR THOSE TWO DRINKS. Now, living in D.C., we are used to $10-15 cocktails. But $20 a pop??!?!? It was obscene.  Good thing we didn't get a margarita that wasn't rail... 

The hotel itself is less than impressive once past the lobby. The layout of this hotel is really odd. Our room was all the way down a very long corridor then down a second corridor that literally looped the perimeter of the entire hotel. It was not convenient. 

There was a side door exit near our room, but no card reader or access to re-enter that way.- clearly not intended for guest use. However, we did find that the door was not locked... that was concerning because it lead straight from the street to all floors, and no card key is needed for entering a floor from that hallway. I let staff no, but nobody seemed too interested.
The staff here is incredibly friendly and they always open the door for you when you walk in or out. They'll answer any questions you have with a smile. The issues I saw here stem from management, and whoever designed this hotel. 

Our room was on the 2nd floor, and we had to walk extremely far once we got off the elevator to get to our room. There was a stairwell right outside our room, but we were unable to access it from the outside. So we could only exit that way. There is only one elevator location in the entire building - I wish there were at least two locations (one on each side). The good news is the elevators are pretty quick since there are only 4 floors in the hotel. 

The ambiance is great here, but there is a lack of food (?) there is a bar downstairs but I don't believe they serve a lot of food. Coffee bar but no place to get snacks, so make sure you bring things for your room if you think you'll be hungry between meals. 

The ambiance here is great and the hotel room was beautiful (see photos). They have a lovely space where they have an electric fireplace, and out in the lobby is pretty and quiet.

Another issue we encountered is that we ordered room service one night off the late night menu (which is only available from 11 pm-6 am and not much is on it). The man on the phone seemed confused that we were ordering food at 1:30, and kind of snapped at us before getting off the phone. We gave him our room number, too, but no one ever showed to bring us our food so that was a bummer. We tried to call about it but no one answered. Hopefully we didn't get charged for that.
Last stay was a few months ago when it was still a Sheraton.  I guess since then it's been re-branded as a Marriott?

I've always stayed at this Sheraton when I'm in Philly for work and even once for fun because how great the location is, but the latest stay was not good at all. I've stayed in hotels in the past when renovations were going on, and renovation shouldn't be a reason for a pass.

Right when you get into the hotel, you see drapes all around the lobby for the renovation. Check in was easy.

For the room itself, it's exactly like how I remembered it and I remember thinking a few years ago they needed to renovation. However, I think they staff just stopped caring whether things worked or not in the room. The safe in the room would not work, light bulbs and lamps are different color lighting, and AC control is extremely inaccurate. The room, bathroom, and bed were clean, but the carpet had stains and for the first time I asked for additional towels so I could lay it down on the ground. 

The gym - while it's great it is still open, but man the machines are still the same. TV doesn't really work on the machines either.

Housekeeping staff was friendly and great.

Overall, a not-so-great-experience this time around. I talked to a bar owner nearby and he mentioned that businesses were moving away from Old City due to the increased rent so I'm thinking it's time to experience a new hotel for Philly.
I have not stayed at the Sheraton Hotel, but I have booked a large group for my company there last October 2016. I sent a package to one of our employee who stayed at the Sheraton, marking on the package with the employee name and noting that that employee is a guest there. It was not until recently that I learned that the employee never got the package sent to the Sheraton. After many calls to them, they were able to find the package. They took down my credit card number and said I would have to pay for it to be sent back. I did that, and I was informed that the supervisor was going to call me back to provide me the receipt and tracking number. A couple days went by, and nothing. I just called back today, and the lady on the phone was no help. She just basically cut me off and told me to call back. She was not understanding what I had just informed her. 

This the worst service that I have experienced at any hotel. First, they did not deliver a package to their guest when it arrived, second, I had to paid to for package to be sent back to our office when it's their fault, and third, there was no sort of communication from them to me except one when they called to get my credit card information. I always had to call them. I will not book this hotel again for my company and I recommend people should not either. There is no sense of customer service and urgency.
Hotel is PERFECT location for any events on Penns Landing.. so much to do in the neighborhood thats walking distance right near all the historic monuments... already planning a stay there again as soon as possible
My desk dude was an absolute GEM.  He even gave me a boxed lunch because I came in late at night and was hungry but afraid to go out and about on the streets of Philadelphia at night.  They were under construction during my stay there and it is a good thing I didn't need a nap as the jackhammers were making a lot of noise all thru the afternoon.  Not relaxing.  I went out to explore the city so luckily I wasn't trying to enjoy the room.  Parking is over 40 a night and is really non-negotiable as it is a vendor that runs that operation.  I suppose you could do worse and with the filth and street people all around I was nervous so I'm happy to report I did not encounter any issues of the sort at this hotel.
This review is only about the parking situation. Rooms are whatever and lounge is fine. Water and soda available and bad coffee for free. But truly this is about the parking. 

Valet high $30s and they offer off site parking at the lot 3 blocks up the street. Do t offer directions at desk just give you cross streets and say wing it. Parking offsite is $24 while website says $22. We also parked On the side of the street in front of the hotel as we checked in. Valet wouldn't let us park in front of the hotel as the car would be in the way. Parking outside led us to get a $95 ticket. Literally $10 to check in drop out bags off and come downstairs to leave - $95. Because of the valet horrible service and hotel's inability to respect and protect their clientele, led me to get a ticket. 

I will never stay here again and recommend all to avoid. I am a high status and expect great service as I keep loyalty at Marriott a priority. Philadelphia truly pushed the limit. Do not stay here; plenty of better options in the area to spend your money than on a ticket due to poor customer service of the hotel staff.
Sheraton is known for excellent customer satisfaction. But this location was definitely not one who deserves to be a part for that credit. 

My last stay was horrifying. This incident happened about a week ago. We checked in late, and by the time we already got to our hotel rooms, it was already past 8pm. The room looked nice and clean, but was surprised when we saw a bug crawling on one of the beds. I reported it immediately and was then moved to another room. Still concerned as to what action they did with that issue, I went ahead and contacted SPG to follow up on it because I never got any report if the room was checked by pest control. 

I then received an email A few days after the incident from the office manager(Kristin Riccobene) saying that the report for the inspection was out and came out negative for pest activity. When I reviewed the report, it showed that it took them only five minutes to check the entire room. Kristin, the office manager was not very helpful with this issue. Given the fact that she seemed like she trusted the 5-minute inspection done to the room and did not whatsoever give any reassurance that the room will undergo pest extermination for safety purposes, that tells me that the management about pest activity in the hotel is seriously not on top of this. Now imagine, I'm already in contact with the office manager about this serious matter, yet still no obvious solution has been made. Imagine how this hotel would turn out in the future.
I have stayed at this particular Sheraton over-night on two different occasions.

The first time I stayed here was for my 21st birthday. We had group rates for the rooms because we had a lot of guests that were going to be staying over-night. I was soooo hungry when I arrived so my friends and I got room service. The food was brought up promptly and the waiter was very friendly. Knowing that it was my 21st birthday he later arrived at my room with complimentary chocolate cake for everyone! Yum!

Upon checking out everything seemed fine until we arrive home and found that my mom's car's taillight had been busted by the valet drivers. We followed up with the hotel and their response was that if we had noticed it on the property they would have happily paid to fix it but since we were no longer there it was out of their hands.

The second time I stayed here was for my step dad's birthday. Knowing about the valet we all kept our eye on them with our cars! The service again was excellent and they even comped brunch for his birthday.

Everything about this hotel is great. The only reason I gave it four stars was because of the valet people. WATCH YOUR CAR!!!!!!!
I've been staying here with family as the Sheraton for years, probably almost ten. I've never had any complaints or problems before. I stayed on the club floor. 

We arrived and got early check in and the room was ready for us as we had hoped. 

We got into the room and the bathroom was basically an ashtray and smelled like cigarettes even after I had used the shower. The room smelled like it too, but more faint. 

The lobby had a football game on (which I get) but there was so much screaming happening at the lobby bar. 

My sheets on my bed were inside out...seriously?! I found a booger stain when I went to lay down for the only night I was staying and was totally repulsed. 

This place has gone to the shitter. Get it together, guys. I'm attaching pictures of my sheets and the disgusting stain.
Stayed here for one night over the weekend and thought it was completely satisfactory. We arrived late that Friday night and had no issues checking in. The staff was very nice from the beginning to the end of our visit.  The over facility is great, up to date. Our room was fairly large with a really good king sized bed. The pillows were just okay,  they were a little too plump for my liking. They have a small fitness room with 4-5 treadmills, a few bicycle machines, free weights, a multi-purpose machine, foam rollers and exercise mats. It wasn't too much but at least the equipment was fairly new and everything was very clean.

I would definitely consider staying again. The shower scrunchy was huge plus!
We stayed at this hotel for the New Year's Eve celebration and had a room with a beautiful view of the Ben Franklin Bridge and the fireworks display.  It was a wonderful show and my family and I were going to sleep when we began to smell someone lighting up a marijuana joint.   We called security and they sent someone up.  It was determined that the smell was possibly coming from the vents.  They said they'd check around.  They said they could not determine where it was coming from.   The smell then got worse and it was coming from the door that was adjoining the two rooms.  We called security again.  He then entered the room and also determined that the smell was coming from the next door room.   He knocked on the door and identified himself as security but no one would open the door.  They told us technically if they don't want to answer the door they don't have to.   Really?  This is a no smoking hotel and our room is full of smoke but you're going to allow it because they don't want to answer the door?   They said all they could do was charge them a cleaning fee.   Eventually the party subsided but why should others have to suffer because you have a policy and rules that you can't enforce?   We're not prudes and we're not against partying but when you're traveling with family (including children) the last thing you want to have to deal with is marijuana wafting into your room while you're trying to sleep.  

Management did eventually do a service recovery and that is why I did not give them a totally low score but there's no way other hotels would have allowed that to happen.   This is the second time that I've booked this hotel but if this is the attitude of this chain and management I will consider other options the next time I visit the City of Brotherly Love.
Pay for location, stay for the pool.

You won't have to carry your Old City-sipping, cobblestone-wobbled self back too far from the 2nd and 3rd St scenery. And you'll be thanking the Gods of Absent Whiz Wits for the Club level continental breakfasts that kick start your Bell-seeking, steps-ascending days of exploration.

Completely surprised there are still hotels that charge for in-room wireless internet (ten bones a day here) and somehow get away with a $20 conference quality "breakfast buffet" after maxing out room rates for special events, while also mandating $35/night to park. Driver's hint: park around the corner in the Welcome Park muni garage - it's $18/24hr.

Could the calloused me actually feel guilty about grabbing an entire bunch of bananas, a box of Tazo teas and eight bottles of Poland Spring from the Club? Did you read the third paragraph? To the victims (of price gouging) go the spoils (of penny fruits). It's in the Bible somewhere.

Much to the dismay of the picketing teamsters out front, I wouldn't avoid the Sheraton for future visits mainly because the beds were sleepable, the showers hot, and the service prompt. However, for charm, character and an iota of modernism, consider taking it to the streets.

The streets of Phiiiiiladelphiiiaaaaaa.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4z2DtNW79sQ
The Sheraton is a nice hotel. I came here for a wedding and the hall was beautiful. The design was ornate with stylish furniture, marble flooring and elegant light fixtures. It was a great venue, very spacious and accommodating. Although I didn't stay overnight, I did get to see the rooms which were standard, but clean. I think it's a good choice to host a wedding or book a stay.
Overall, an above-average hotel with an awesome location. If you're coming from out-of-town on a touristy kick as I was, just stay here. It's walkable or cab-able or horse carriage-able to everywhere you want to go during the day, and within stumbling distance of everywhere you want to go at night. 

The staff here was pretty awesome, and the receptionist thought the picture on my driver's license of my 16-yr-old self was "adorable". Later on, we got shaving cream delivered to the room free of charge...and within of 5 minutes of the request. Nothing special, but it was simple and nice.

The room was average, the TV was pretty nice. Nothing special of note there. The hotel has a large central atrium lobby which was hosting a Police Sheriffs of America (or something) convention. It's a good business event spot and the atrium almost passes off as an indoor-outdoor courtyard...with big comfy upholstered chairs.

The location is great for walking to all the nearby pubs and restaurants in an older part of the city. Cobblestone wanderings drunk on Chimay (or anything else)....good times.

The price for a Saturday wasn't too shabby either. I say, if you're going to do Philly, do it at the Sheraton.
We stayed here for our wedding weekend.
Pros:  
-Large space to get ready for the wedding
-Clean room
-I worked with a woman named Carol to set up everything for our room block and she was   wonderful.

Cons:
-Toilet was broken for over a day and no one fixed it.  We told housekeeping about it and nothing happened.  Thankfully we had two adjoining rooms, so we had a spare toilet for our guests to use.
-As we tried to exit the hotel, the day after our wedding, we were told we had to call the front desk to get a boat/cart to take out our belongings to the car.  No biggie, we called....and waited and called again and waited and called again and waited.  After 45 minutes we decided to haul my wedding dress, 5 tuxedos, our wedding gifts, our bags and all the other crap we had down to our car ourselves.  Don't worry because there was also no one there to even hold the door open as I struggled through with all of my stuff.
-Our room block had 15 rooms Friday night and 26 rooms on Saturday night.  We extended our room block multiple times to accommodate to our guests.  We provided business for this hotel in rooms, room service, food and drinks at the bar and got nothing in return.  We feel swindled since we heard other people have been comped for filling their room block.

My advice.  Pay the money and stay at Hotel Monaco instead.  They have a better understanding of how to treat a bride on her wedding day.
Hotel has recently been remodeled and the rooms are well done. Very impressed with everything and with the location its a great deal!
The only thing I miss is the heated pool.
Philadelphia Marriott old city is a beautiful hotel. I wish I would've taken pictures of the lobby. I see there are plenty in other yelp reviews though. The hotel is conveniently located right near 2nd Street in Old City. There are plenty of bars and restaurants within walking distance. Many of the historical attractions are also within a few blocks. 

The rooms are very nice bright and comfortable. It seems as if the hotel was renovated recently. The showers are quite large and have double shower heads.  We had a king bed which was very comfortable. 

I think the hours of the bar and coffee shop are limited due to covid, but that's understandable.

Caution to those with allergies... The pillows are down feather. I had a bad experience once in another hotel so I proactively check before I go to sleep. I called down to the front desk and asked for different pillows. Housekeeping was not available but the security on staff quickly delivered new pillows to me. All of the staff were very friendly and accommodating.

The only downside to this hotel is the price of parking. It cost us $50 to park our car overnight.  This is a bit steep in my opinion. There are a few parking garages nearby that you could probably grab for about $25.

It is a Marriott hotel so it is not one of the least expensive you can get, but it is definitely worth it for the convenient location and nice rooms.
The main problem I had with this hotel was the noise. When I first checked into my room, I heard a very loud noise from the AC unit. I requested to change rooms, which after a lot of back/forth they finally agreed to. The new room also had a noisy unit, so I just had to keep the AC unit off.
Even worse, our room was on the 4th floor overlooking the open atrium. At 11.30pm I tried to goto sleep but heard very loud noises outside. I realized it was coming from the lobby bar, so I called the front desk and they said the bar doesn't close until 2am. The noise continued until at least 1.30am and was very loud.
Very poor experience at this hotel, I would not recommend it to anyone.
Three stars is accurate here. Really nice hotel and it has a lot of potential. But the staff really don't attribute to the success. I enjoyed my room for the most part, besides having hair in my shower for 3 days. I complained several times all the way up to the housekeeping supervisor who thought it made sense to tell me why the hair wasn't removed from my shower. I'm sorry, hair in the shower may seem minuscule to some, but it's disgusting to me especially since there were 2 different types of hair in the shower. The manager and front desk persons made up for it by offering me access to the Marriott M Lounge (really nice spot) and points. Points are nice but hopefully some of the staff (housekeeping) can get their act together. I dined at the hotel on several occasions. Skip the breakfast. The dinner was nice, I enjoyed the crab cake sandwich. I will agree that the lobby can get LOUD. There was a group of about 70 men in the lobby one night and the rooms surround the lobby so the sound reverberated off the walls. However, I could not hear them from inside my room or inside the M Lounge. I don't think I'd stay here again because of most of the reasons above but it's also not really close to anything. Not many restaurants near here either.
The room was very nice with sufficient space for luggage and clothes. 5 kinds of lamps so you can pick what lighting works for you. Having a mini fridge is very useful and I liked being able to stream Netflix and Amazon on the TV. There is a lot of counter space under the TV as well. The view of the bridge and ferris wheel at the pier was nice. The pantry at reception was convenient. Location is great. 
There were some negatives unfortunately. The bathroom was not very clean. There was quite a bit of noticeable debris on the floor and hair. I am not that person looking in the corners, just right in the middle of the bathroom. 

I called before my trip to ask what kind of coffee makers they have so I can bring my own coffee. kcups, pods, drip, etc. I am not calling housekeeping every day for their generic coffee so it is just easier. The girl did not know and did not offer to find out, as she should have. I e-mailed Marriott and they e-mailed me to say they sent the request over to the hotel, and then I never heard from the hotel. So customer service needs some work, though everyone I talked to at the desk was nice during my trip. And of course I took a chance and bought kcups and it was not the right thing. The mini creamers were solidified so luckily I brought my own. 

The bed and sheets/comforter was great but the pillows are awful. What makes hotels pick these fluffy looking pillows that have zero neck support and make it impossible to get comfortable? I don't get it. So I did not sleep very well for the 6 nights I was there. Also, this location is very noisy. It sounds like people are drag racing outside all night, even during the week. It is not highway noise. Maybe it is the very loud scooters I have heard in town. Either way, these 2 things make another location better for me in the future.
On August 5th.2020 my wife and I booked a room at this hotel. Because I'm originally from Baltimore I was not only in Philadelphia to visit my wife but in my eagerness to see my wife I failed to bring Maryland state I.D. along
 The hotel refused to give us the room citing a rule that prevents them from accepting a credit card that does match the photo I.D. so I asked that the reservation be cancelled. I was assured it would be. Today I learn that Marriot at Old City billed
me $931.00 not only for a room that my wife and I never set foot in...but also billed the same credit card they said they couldn't accept. Now when I call about having them return my money I get passed around and constantly placed on hold. I want my money returned. Can anyone help me make them do the honorable thing?
Was in Philly for a conference which was at this hotel and I also stayed here. The location in the city is pretty good. It is very close to the main sites. The hotel is in disrepair. There is a section that is under construction, but there are issues all over the place. By reception, there are big letters labeling the area, but some of the letter are missing. The moulding everywhere is marked up, there is a lip from the tile to the carpet, everything was just in terrible shape.

The room was decent, beds were comfortable, but the bathroom was odd. I am 6 ft tall and had to bend down to see the top of my head in the mirror. The shower head was so low that i had to almost bend all the way over to wash my hair.

There are very long walks to the elevator, the conference area is setup very oddly, and the food was meh.

WOULD NOT GO AGAIN.
It was my wife's birthday weekend and we stayed here for two nights. Check-in was efficient.

We stayed in one of the junior suites on the 2nd floor. We loved the extra space (i.e. spacious living room, and additional television), and the bed was really comfortable. Others have noted the heater units turn on and off rather loudly. We had two heater units and only the one in the living room worked. The one in the bedroom only blew cold air. As in other Sheratons we've stayed in, the bathroom had a non-working vent.

As SPG members, we had access to the 3rd floor lounge which has a daily continental breakfast and evening appetizers. Others have noted the seating areas in the lounge are small, but we didn't mind.

We didn't use the fitness room, but we swam in the pool. There was also a separate pool for infants, we assume. Unfortunately, there was no hot tub.

Was told the valet parking was $36 plus $8.10 tax. What I wasn't told was that on weekends, they charge significantly more. Turns out, the weekend rate was $72 plus $16.20 tax! This was very dishonest! Next time we're in town, we're parking in a nearby garage. Valet parking is the only parking that the hotel offers. 

I'd give this hotel 5 stars if it wasn't for the faulty heater and their high parking rate.
I've stayed here twice within the past several months for some course trainings, each of which took place over the course 4-5 days so I've spent a good amount of time in the hotel and surrounding area. I was not pleased with the internet service which I had to PAY for, and each time it only lasts for 24 hours. In the private guest rooms, the internet service is insanely slow and I wish I hadn't purchased it. I was hoping to get work done while staying in the hotel, and after a long day I don't feel like coming down to the lobby to get decent internet. It's a busy corporate-type hotel with lots of people staying for conferences and whatnot, so the wireless network really does need to be improved.....SIGNIFICANTLY. It's the biggest complaint about my stays.

I do have to say that the service staff is generally nice, prompt, helpful and informative so I appreciated that. It's overall a pretty nice hotel, clean, not luxurious but extremely comfortable. There's a gym which is convenient. I also do like the area which is within walking short distance of restaurants, bars and public transportation. It's not that close to the city center, but you can take the bus or walk 20 min to other areas in the city.

Lastly it would have been more convenient to have a restaurant that is actually good in the hotel. Taste has a pretty limited breakfast and lunch menu, and is not that healthy. I haven't been for dinner. Again the hotel is close to other restaurants but it would have been nice to be able to eat better breakfast on a daily basis.
While this hotel is perfectly located in the center of Philly, it needs some help. The first room I was given had bugs crawling all over the dresser. I called to tell guest services and he said someone would be right up to fix it. I was thinking to myself, so how the heck is he going to "fix" a bug problem during my stay, so I asked to move to another room. The second room was fine except for when you walked in, it smelled like an ashtray. I called guest services again about this issue and they said they don't allow smoking in there hotel so he didn't know what I was talking about, yet he offered no compensation. Frustrated and over it, I just stayed in the room. Finally, the valet service is SLOW!! We called 15 minutes ahead for our car, as they encourage you to do. We got our car 30 minutes later. Seems to me they can improve on their guest, cleaning and valet services.
Had to call the police for noise.

Crazy noise level coming from the rowdy bar in the hotel. We couldn't sleep and started calling the front desk at midnight to ask them to do something about it. At 3:30am, we finally had to call the police, which solved the problem.

I stay in 15-20 hotels around the world each year ranging in quality from Michelin-rated to Howard Johnsons. I have never experienced this level of noise and indifference.

Hotel was generally ok. Good gym. Clean rooms. Friendly service (other than dealing with the noise).

Smaller issues: Limited lighting in the rooms. No full length mirror. They don't mention when you book that the only parking option is a slow valet desk at $49 per night. They cleaned our room, but did not replenish soap, coffee, towels, etc. And, they left a bottle of glass cleaner on our dresser.
Society Hill's "Sheraton," great location with short 2-minute walking distance to "City Tavern" and 7-minute walking distance to "Independence Hall." The lobby has first-class taste, and the continental breakfast is fairly decent. Plentiful space everywhere surrounding you, well-groomed and highly attentive staff, and beds that promise deep sleep. No noise, except for my own snoring. #likereally
This was an incredibly bad Marriott experience. I've stayed at Four Points with better service. Let's get right down to why I will **never** stay at this property again:

Housekeeping 

Towels are apparently stitched with gold because rooms simply aren't serviced on the weekends. That's right, you heard it the front desk said to me "housekeeping really doesn't work on weekends, especially when we're sold out." 

Wait, what?

Front Desk: "Unless you ask for housekeeping when they're here early, early in the morning you won't get service. Or you have to request daily housekeeping when you check in."

Oh

Well why am I paying market room rates when I'm simply not getting the same service. I see Marriott is using COVID as an excuse to provide less services but charge the same or higher prices.  Got it. This has seriously made me reconsider booking at a Marriott property in the future and I'll consider that when comparing the points I get as a 7-year silver elite with Air BnB or another chain that actually cleans rooms and gives towels without special requests.

It's 9:00pm and I'd like to go hang out with friends but waiting for housekeeping to provide me with towels for a shower for a dinner I was supposed to attend 30 min ago. 

Beware friends when reserving here.
I booked a room here because I love old city and my boyfriend and I were celebrating our birthdays. It had good reviews on booking.com and the pictures looked gorgeous. The interior was beautiful, but our room had trash and a clogged toilet from previous guests, so we asked for it to be cleaned again. It was, but our sheets had food stains on them after being cleaned. We ended up checking out early because, while we understand short staffing during the pandemic, our room was dirty twice and it made us wonder how safe we actually were there. I definitely wouldn't go back after that experience, but I do appreciate the refund and offer for an upgrade. I will say the staff by the restaurant/bar were nice and quick to serve.
We checked in the room on Saturday (August 15th). The front desk lady (Ashley Nicole) was very nice. We left to get something to eat and came back to park the vehicle (which was a task because there is limited parking close by. There is a garage attached to the Marriott but it is owned by a private company. You would think they would buy it from them. 

We went to our room which appeared clean at first glance. It wasn't until my friend got up to get a drink that she noticed ants crawling on the counter. Then we check the sheets and pillows and sprayed everything down with lysol because of Covid. That's when we notice a large orange stain on one of the comforters. We both ended up sleeping in the same bed because of it.

The following morning, I was looking for a plastic bag that comes in most hotels to put my dirty clothes in. It is then when I discovered dirty underwear and socks left in one of the drawers. 

I understand that hotels may be understaffed because of Covid-19. However, this experience made me not want to travel any more during Covid. They tout being cleaned and sanitized but they are really not.  The staff was nice and comped us a free stay at any Marriott but it will be a while before I actually use it.
Better than reviews say.

 I think they've finished a lot of the aforementioned renovations. I thought the place was great. Pool, hot tub, nice rooms, flat screens, good gym, Starbucks downstairs/ bar at night(a busy bar at night). 
  I was afraid after reading the other reviews. Granted it's not a 4 star hotel. It's a 3. A solid 3. Nice beds, a little swanky, nothing too fancy, no complaints.  It's close to everything in old city, which is cooler than I thought. Go to National Mechanic the bar if u stay here. It was cool.
We stayed in Society Hill this past weekend, as it was the hotel of choice for the wedding we attended. Most of the time when we visit town, we stay near Center City or Rittenhouse Square, so this was a bit of a change of pace, being all the way at the eastern edge of Philly. The hotel itself is relatively spacious, as it takes up more ground space but only goes up 4 floors. As such, walking around to get to your room could take a bit of time, and that makes it more frustrating because a) you usually end up stopping at every floor on the way up (so being on the 4th floor, as we were, feels much longer), and the elevator is old and slow to begin with. Nonetheless, the view of the lobby feels much more open than Le Meridien (which has a similar setup) when the sunlight pours in.

The room itself was pretty standard and average. Given the hotel itself is pretty short, our narrow window afforded us a view straight into what looked like another apartment building. Walnut Street isn't all that wide to begin with, so you really don't have much of a view. The amenities were pretty standard (although I did appreciate the complimentary Dasani), but the water pressure in the shower was a bit on the low side, and the bathroom generally felt a bit older. And like most hotels that haven't been refurbished recently, the outlets were all a bit far from the bed, meaning that turning off the phone's alarm clock meant wandering over to the desk.

Everything was generally okay, and while the hotel was a bit more expensive than the amenities provided, I do like that it's on a cobblestone road, slightly off of where all the typical fun in Old City occurs - making it a quieter place to stay while in town. I will probably end up trying other hotels before coming back here, but it's certainly a reasonable choice to stay at.
The hotel itself was nice, clean, however the service at valet and the bell stand left much to be desired. I pulled up to valet at 11pm, after a 9 hour drive, and had to go find someone to help with luggage and to vet the car. The gentleman who helped unpack our things immediately started asking me for free merchandise (We were there for a cancer Confernece and had boxes of swag) and  when he brought our luggage to the room, he made homophobic comments about 4 women "sharing beds"!! I was traveling with another cancer patient and my 2 teenage daughters -He said this right in front of my kids!- When I left two days later, I had to retrieve my own car from valet and load my own stuff, which wouldn't be a huge deal if I wasn't limited because of my metastatic disease. The property is cool, but there choices of employees leave much to be desired!
Cockroaches 

In the meeting rooms
In the hotel room

Maybe every hotel has them - but ive never seen them - especially not during the day - in a meeting room with 200 people - just walking across the floor

Or on the bathroom floor when i got up to use the restroom at night

Well this place has cockroaches. That's all ive got to say
Staying in the other Sheraton on 17th and Race right now, I just remembered that I never yelped this Sheraton in Society Hill from my stay like 2 weeks ago. 

I liked it. It's above average and it's in a cool area of the city. 
Close to the 2nd St subway station. Close to a 24 hour Wawa, which is great. Although the walk to the Wawa was a little shady and desolate, but the neighborhood was actually beautiful. 

I like the exits all over the building, it actually made it really easy to leave the building because I was near the staircase. 
Staff seemed okay, no free upgrade but thats okay i guess. 

I just have to admit, some might call me a grinch, but I am so sick of crazy kids at the god damn pool. Other than that the stay was pleasant.
The recent renovations of the Sheraton Society Hill have definitely made the hotel lobby and rooms look classier. We requested a room away from the atrium and were put in a room by the pool. Luckily, the pool is closed at night so there is no noise at that time. When you walk into the room, it is lovely to see two LARGE bottles of free water, especially when you have partied the night before. The Starbucks coffee and Tazo teas are a nice touch as well.

The queen studio suite is very large and could be someone's studio apartment. The corner suite has a beautiful view of the bridge and Penn's Landing. The bed is meant to be wheel chair accessible and has some type of raising and lowering system that was not mentioned at check-in so we didn't touch it. It was a bit strange sleeping so close to the floor but the mattress was comfortable.

You could fit a party in the bathroom which was nicely renovated. I had to request the dog beds to be sent up to the room and the size of the beds was considerable (I love that Sheraton hotels don't just cater to pint size dogs). The only downside was the couch which was pretty beat up and stood out as the only old furniture in the room, but there is a pull out bed for those who need extra sleeping space.

Overall, it was hard to go from the chic decor of the Hotel Monaco to the standard business decor of the Sheraton Society Hill, but the Sheraton's rooms are comfortable and in a prime location in the Old City.
Was here for a weekend visiting the city and going to a christmas party.

Overall the rooms were nice, though a tad small. Everything seems clean and the beds were very comfortable.

Now the issues.
1. Parking is a mess. There aren't any convenient places to park, so we were planning on using the valet. I have no idea what was going on, but we were waiting for 30 mins in a line that was out on the road and their seemed to be no progress being made on moving cars. I finally just grab the luggage to check in and there was a mass of people at the door complaining they had been waiting for their car for over an hour. The police ended up showing up to tell them to stop blocking the road and progress was finally made when a manager came out and was moving cars himself.

2. All of the rooms overlook the common area in the middle of the hotel...which means if people are down there taking, all of the noise carries to the rooms. If you are a light sleeper you are probably going to be hearing the commotion (or in our case a wedding after party) at 2am.

As much as I like the rooms, those two issues will probably keep me from coming back.
Amazing property in the heart of Philadelphia Historic District!  We stayed here in July with our family and were throughly impressed.  The location is superb and a brief walk to all the historic sites.  The staff was polite, welcoming, and helped with recommendations for the surrounding area.  The hotel was beautiful and upscale for a Sheraton level brand.  The Sheraton Club for Gold and Platinum members was beautiful with vaulted window ceilings and a espresso machine.  Cannot say enough goods things about this property, would highly recommend!
Stayed here recently on business. It is a great location for Old City, the Historic District and the east end of Center City. The staff were friendly. Two problems:  reservation and room. The issue with the reservation was likely my fault. The room I was put in had a huge problem:  smell.

If you are given the opportunity to be on a Club Room floor = good. If your room has a terrace that faces the indoor pool = huge bad. During the course of my stay, the room STANK of chlorine from the pool. It varied from rank to bad. If you get one of these rooms, turn around, go back to the desk, and see if you can get moved. During the evening hours, early evening, noise was also an issue.

Will likely stay again due to the proximity of the hotel to our central office, but I will think twice regarding the room!
If I hadn't seen a cockroach in my room, if the wifi situation was not a complete pain, and if I hadn't been sent to the wrong - and already inhabited - room upon check-in I would give this hotel 3 stars....but alas....that was not my experience.

I stayed at the hotel for a week in July while attending a conference (held at the hotel). The lobby of the hotel is aesthetically pleasing and looks like it has just been redone. My room was spacious, but dimly lit. With every light in the room turned on it still felt like I was fumbling around in the dark. 

Upon check-in to the hotel, I was sent to the wrong room. A drunk guy answered the door to the room with a friendly "Can I help you??" After a 7 hour trip to Philadelphia this was not exactly the best start. After hauling my bags back to the lobby I got situated in the correct room. That night I saw a cockroach in my room. Now, I live in Atlanta and have stayed in hotels ALL over the Southeastern U.S. and never have I seen a cockroach in a hotel room. One of my friends staying in the hotel the same week - on a different floor than me nevertheless - also saw a cockroach in her room. This suggests there may be a bit of a bug issue....

The wifi is $10 a day, or you can get an access code from the front desk for 45 minutes of free wifi. At the end of the 45 minutes you can go back to the front desk to get a new access code for the next 45 minutes...and so on and so forth. As far as I could tell they don't have a maximum number of access codes you can use each day. There is a small business center in the lobby with computers with very slow internet. However, you can print from them. It is an ordeal to actually print anything, but is very helpful in a bind.

This wouldn't be my first choice for a hotel in this area. However, if I needed a place to stay and was given a good rate - I could be swayed into another visit.
Overall a decent hotel we thought. Room was spacious and clean, lobby was beautiful. The location was great they even had available parking 2 or 3 hour I can't remember and all day on Sunday. The hotel was in a bit of disrepair though. Recently renovated but the hallway ceiling outside of our room appeared to have had a leak. The acoustic tiles were badly stained and one was missing. That's really not a good look for a $200+ a night hotel.
A solid Sheraton situated in a great location in Old City. I stayed here during a business trip recently. It was my first stay at a Sheraton hotel since maybe I was five. 

I like how the way the hotel has branded itself as environmentally friendly and all about conservation and sustainability. If you opt into their program to decline housekeeping during your stay, you get a $5 voucher each day to use at the hotel restaurant or gift shop. I used my voucher to get Cafe Mocha's each morning before heading off to work. 

The Starbucks is in the lobby, where the business center ("Sheraton Link"), library area, hotel bar. and front desk/concierge are also located. It's very modern looking, with a water feature wall right smack in front of you when you walk through the main doors. Lots of seating to chill out, as well, and look at the glass ceiling and 2nd/3rd/4th floor rooms inwardly facing the lobby. It's very relaxing. 

I got a room on the 2nd floor with two queen beds (there are a 2nd, 3rd, and 4th floor, with a pool on the roof - I didn't get to check this out). The room was spacious - with a large bathroom and closet. My room was facing the front of the hotel, so I could see the circular driveway out of my window. 

It was relatively quiet, but I could hear people pass by my room door now and then. Unless I turned the heat on and the HVAC started blaring, then the sound muffled any voices or stomping outside my door. 

Because the hotel is so close to 2nd street, I didn't dine at Taste, the hotel restaurant. However, on an off night, I did do room service and the food was good. 

My only advice for someone staying there with a car. If you decide to use the valet service, then leave ample time to wait for your car to be retrieved for you. The valet staff are very friendly, but it seemed that the number of guys working on a given night did not satisfy the demand of car requests, so there were a few times when I waited for a while (up to 30 minutes). 

Again, overall it is a solid Sheraton that I would definitely recommend if you are looking for a well priced hotel in Old City.
Being SPG Platinum members, we didn't make a prior reservation when we showed up at Sheraton Society Hill and good thing we didn't!

The courtyard is really quaint and cute, but the outside of the hotel stinks of cigaratte smoke, the bugs in the courtyard lobby make it hard to sit there even for a few minutes, and while we were inquiring about room availability, I happened to use the restroom that was quite unclean. 

The location isn't as lively either, especially during the day. We changed our mind about the stay after the initial impression and instead decided to stay at the Westin Center City!
I always stay at Starwood properties so I typically know what to expect.  Was staying here with the family on a East coast vacation.

The goods:

1. Good location to the historic section of down town
2. Typical friendly and helpful staff.
3. They have a pool
4. 4 floors so the wait for the elevator was never very long.
5. The restaurant 'Taste' was a nice bar to hang out at and eat if you are too lazy to walk a couple of blocks to dozens of resturants.

The so-sos
1. The room was a little 'beat on' for lack of a better term.
2. One room had a fridge, the other didn't. lights out in both the bathrooms
3. Small tv that we had to mess with the connections to get a decent picture.


The not goods -
They have a bit of an insect problem.  The staff was great in getting us a new room and all but it was a major bummer for the family
The Sheraton Philadelphia Society Hill Hotel is definitely first choice for our VIP customers. We love the modern yet sophisticated property nestled comfortably in a historic district just walking distance away from everything great Philadelphia has to offers. The staff is extremely attentive and delivers world-class customer service every time. Our VIP clients love the Club Lounge and can't say enough good things about the locally brewed beers in the Taste Bar. We are always pleased knowing when our customers stay at the Sheraton Society Hill, they will not only get a good night sleep but an unforgettable experience!
Stayed here for two weekend nights on the club level.  Tried to get snacks one night during the "happy hour" in the club room, and they were all out about an hour in besides some cheese.  The access to water bottles was nice though.  Breakfast was meh, some weird half-cooked quiche and sausages, as well as oatmeal and fruit.  They were out of the breakfast foods at first too, but many people complained so eventually they brought some out.  Also, I don't know if this is typical, but there were a million kids in the hotel and they would run up and down the hallways screaming in the morning.  The walls aren't particularly soundproof so I wouldn't choose this hotel if you are hoping to sleep in. The room itself was fine, nothing special, but no issues besides the lack of a refrigerator.  I thought all hotel rooms had mini-fridges.  It meant we couldn't bring back any leftovers and couldn't keep our waters cold.  We parked in a lot down the street to save money.
Booking it for New Years Eve, this hotel was chosen mainly for its location, which is amazing.  You are only a block from the river, particularly Penns Landing and Spruce Harbor Park.  It has great views of the Ben Franklin Bridge and the River.  Unfortunately, this was the only positive thing that came out of our stay.  

We had requested for an upgrade suite, but I think we were given a regular room, shoved in a little corner.  We could barely roll in the luggage cart without having to pivot and bump into the walls left and right.  The rooms are average size but had a weird smell to it.  Their bathrooms are smaller than normal.  I assumed the room smell was due to the fact that you are allowed pets into the rooms.  

The Sheraton Club is also a lot smaller as well, with minimal seating for guests.  Pool is small, but I never expect much for a hotel in the middle of the city.  

Hotel, mainly for its location.
Please Sheraton, put this hotel next on your list for renovations.  Our room kind of looks like like a tag sale of furniture acquired between 1970 and 2000, and the grout in the bathroom has turned pretty black.  In fact, it looks just like I remember Sheratons looking when I stayed in them as a kid. And, the fitness center has a ripped up treadmill, loud elliptical, and ceilings not exactly conducive to a tall man lifting weights.

Bright spots were the lemonade at afternoon check-in, the 1875 watt hairdryer, and if we were the wedding (or prom) crashing types, it would be easy at the Sheraton.  

Given the choice, I'd stay elsewhere (after a string of bad Starwood experiences, the chain has yet to redeem itself), but hotel rooms were in short supply.
I liked this hotel, quite a bit actually.  The room was nice, the bathroom I thought was nice and modern.  The location is great, right in the middle of it all and walking distance to everything! The staff were friendly and helpful.  The three stars is because of the parking situation.  You have no choice BUT to valet park your car, which was very pricey.  If you rely on public transportation, or have a ride to this hotel, then I highly recommend it.  If you have to drive here, and don't want to pay an arm and a leg to park your car, then I would consider staying elsewhere.
The hotel is conveniently located walking distance from main attractions as well as the wonderful restaurant Zahav. The cleaning and maintenance staff were wonderful and so helpful - we had a few snafus and they went above and beyond.

That said, the front desk staff left a LOT to be desired. Picking up the phone being one of the simplest and repeated fails of our stay. They weren't very friendly or helpful either. Also many guests staying there were older and the doors of the hotel are rather heavy. No one helped with bags or even the door. Guests helped each other even going as far as helping people with getting their bags to rooms. Extra star removed for that.

Otherwise a nicer cleaner Marriott and definitely in a good location. Disappointing service for a Marriott hotel especially.
The old school red brick Sheraton that is architecturally obsolete (the 80's called and want their atrium lobby back).  That said, this is a great location if you are going to be walking around Olde City, plus it is set away from the hustle and bustle of Independence Hall (so a little quieter).  The rooms are fine and probably have gone through a refresh in the last five years.  The hotel restaurant is your typical big brand offering that is sufficient but not great.  That said, you have a myriad of options out your front door.  I would recommend this hotel if you need to be in the area and are not spending a ton of time on premises.
It's located in a very nice neighborhood,  walking distance to old town . Bed was amazing , so comfortable .
Fabric of robe they had in the room was great , I almost took it :)))))
Stayed here a few weeks ago for a business trip and it was "meh". Nothing bad but nothing great.

The lobby of the hotel is beautiful with a restaurant to the left of the entrance and a "Starbucks" in the center. 

Upon checking in the woman at the concierge desk was lovely. Very attentive and friendly. 

My room was in a low floor - so no Delaware river views. It was a nice room except for the fact that the hvac made a ton of noise. When I turned it off I would be crazy hot so I dealt with the noise.

Overall, I would stay here again.....
Although the beds and linens deserve a 5-star rating I can not give the hotel the same!

After checking in we walked into our room to find one (1) bathrobe, and coffee and creamer for one. Really?

While waiting for our son and DIL to arrive, we decided to play a game of checkers at one of their large lobby checker tables and so requested the playing pieces from the front desk only to be told they didn't have any more checkers, but did have chess pieces. We can do that! Note to Sheraton: you don't have a complete set of chess pieces either! 

Very little bathroom counter space (again, designed for one!), no refrigerator, and PAID FOR WI-FI forces me to give this so called 4-star hotel a 3-3.5 star rating. 

The lobby furniture along with the room furniture really does need some attention and/or updated.

My husband went up to the 4th floor to enjoy the hot tub only to discover it was a kiddy pool!!
Stayed at the Sheraton Society Hill for a three night stay. This hotel is close to Penn's Landing and plenty of other old city tourist attractions. 

Generally, my experience here was pretty average, and nothing to write home about. 

I found the the staff to be incredibly friendly, especially at the check in counter. Also, the rooms were pretty spacious for the old town area and well equipped with amenities.  

Two areas for improvement were the internet and housekeeping. 

Even with the premium internet package, there was no noticeable increase in internet speed on either my laptop or cell phone. Regular pages took almost a full minute to load. 

Housekeeping was also way behind schedule. My first day, they didn't show up to clean the room until almost 6 PM. The second, they didn't come at all, even after I called the front desk to have someone sent up. 

Overall OK experience, but with room for some improvement.
Stayed here for a conference. It's older and definitely a bit dated, but they were doing renovations when I was there so I assume they're addressing that. The lobby and restaurant/bar area appear to have been recently remodeled, too. 

My room was great--a good amount of space, and I appreciated the in-room safe, ironing board and fridge. I appreciated that the desk looked out the window. And I love that at this hotel (and other Marriott properties), you can now put a special sign on your door to not get maid service, and in exchange you either get $5 to use at one of the restaurants in the lobby, or reward points. This perk paid for my morning lattes! 

The conference food was so-so, but all the staff were nice and hard-working, and the conference meeting room itself was fine and set up well. 

The little Starbucks in the lobby was a nice touch, and the barista was SO great, so friendly, and made me excellent lattes each morning. 

The restaurant was pretty good, too, I sat at the bar one night and had a beer and some hummus, the bartender was nice and really attentive. 

The rooftop pool is awesome! (If not a little small.)  I wish there was a hot tub, too, but I sat in the pool one evening during a thunderstorm and watched the lightning thorough the skylights and it was relaxing.

The location of this hotel is stellar, too--it's so close to all the historical sites, as well as lots of great restaurants. (Zahav is right next door!) 

So, great location and really excellent staff, and very clean.
This place had a lot of 2 star reviews so I was pretty worried.  Actually, it turned out to be quite classy and pretty nice and not as "screw-y" as I thought it would be.  The lobby was beautiful, they had a decent size pool that was not overrun with kids, they had NFL network, the beds were comfortable and they had nice shampoos/lotions etc.  They even put out mouthwash and shaving cream!  You don't see that too often.

In the rooms they put out two huge bottles of fancy water on the desk, which we were very suspicious of.  Obviously they were trying to get us to drink it and then charge outrageous prices for it, right?  We couldn't find price information and assumed they were hiding it as a trick so we would think it was free and accidently drink it.  After all this speculation, we finally asked - and were shocked to find it was free!  That was a nice surprise, and something I haven't seen in a US hotel in a while.  It actually makes me hate the Ballston Hilton and Westin even more.  If anyone reading this is planning to go to DC, please do not stay at one of those places.

If I had to complain about something, I would say one of the rooms had a distinct chlorine smell because it was facing the pool, and there were also noises coming in there from the pool area which interrupted nap time a bit.  But whatever, that wasn't really a big deal.  Oh, and charging for wifi - that in itself knocks a star off.

I have now been to two swanky hotels in Philadelphia - here and the Four Seasons, and I actually prefer this one.  The rooms are nicer and the location is better.  I recommend requesting a room facing the lobby instead of the pool because of the smell and don't let them win by paying the ridiculous wifi fee - go to a nearby free wifi place instead, they are all over.
Since our daughter started graduate school in Philly 3 years ago, and has now settled here, we've stayed at the Sheraton Society Hill probably 3 times a year.  Longtime Sheraton, and now Starwoods Preferred Club members, we always use points to upgrade to the Club floor especially for the amenity of the Club Lounge for afternoon drinks & hors d'oeuvres and breakfast.  When we checked in Saturday afternoon, 5/31 for a 2-night stay, we were told that no club-level rooms were available due to an extremely busy weekend of weddings and college graduations.  We said, ok, how about we do the upgrade so we can use the lounge, but put us in a regular room?".  "Oh, no", the woman said, "we have no capacity at all, too many people using the lounge".  "How about if you do the upgrade for the second (Sunday) night/Monday morning?", my husband asked.  "No, we're that busy until Tuesday morning!" Oh, well, ok, we said; they gave us 4 vouchers for the Starbucks kiosk in their lobby to make us feel better.

Fine. That evening we had some wine and snacks that we picked up, in our room before meeting daughter for dinner and turning in around 11:00.  I will say that when we were awakened at 1:45 by loud partying and LANGUAGE from the young women in the adjoining room, the desk was very responsive and security took care of it quickly.

The next morning we were out of the room by 9:45 and had a long day, not returning until 5:30 ready to relax and again have some wine before another evening out, only to find that the room had not been touched since we'd left that morning!  8 hours!  I reported to customer relations, they apologized, and said someone would be sent right away.  Well then I suggested that since we were going to have to leave the room now, and had been planning to have a drink in our room, how about if they buy us a glass of wine in the bar, and also added that we had tried and failed to upgrade to the club lounge the day before?  Well, the guy I talked to could not have been more gracious at that point (though it would have been nice if HE instead of I suggested it), said he would give us 4 drink vouchers and we could have them in the bar or in the lounge.  Great! Reprogramming our keys for the lounge meant that we would be able to have breakfast this morning too. We're appreciative of the result of these hassles, but as a final note: both yesterday evening and this morning there was just a smattering of other people in the lounge - why were we told at check-in that they were just too busy to allow us to upgrade for the second night of our stay?  Was that young woman just misinformed, or was she too lazy to do the work involved in one status for one night and another for the second?

One comment about the personnel in the lounge, several of whom have become familiar to us - they are unfailingly delightful, welcoming and gracious! No wonder we like being there!
I stayed here for a conference back in April. The stay was fine, but after I returned home, I found an additional $1000 charge on my credit card (this is in addition to the correct charge for my room, which was about $400). When I contacted the hotel about it, they said that they had imprinted my card for someone else at the conference and charged her room to my card. I explained that they had not been authorized to do this, and I immediately contacted my credit card company, who disputed the charge. My credit card company determined that it must be considered fraudulent because they imprinted my card, and had to reissue me a whole new credit card. It's been two months since my stay, and the hotel is still fighting my credit card company over this. I've gotten phone calls from my credit card company every day for the past week regarding this incorrect charge.

I'll never stay here again, I won't attend the conference if it's held here again, and I advise everyone to choose a different hotel when staying in Philadelphia. A nice bed and clean room is not worth a two-month-long battle over $1000.
Pros: Nice property with a decent bar. Close to restaurants on Chestnut street.

Cons: Getting a taxi from the hotel is a total mess. There is no apparent process (e.g. no signage, no line - just a mess of people standing around, no organization, no taxis available, only incompetence from management). Uber cars were 20 minutes away during peak time.

Overall: A comfortable stay, but not a good choice for business travelers, or those who value their time.
Location, location, location!! This Sheraton has had that mantra going for it over the course of many years, but with the explosion of restaurants and clubs in Old City, it is more true now than ever. 

The decor of the room was a bit bland and the bathroom looked a bit dated. Still, everything was clean and in working order. The bed was VERY comfortable. The elevators are the pits...at least you came take the stairs going down (all the staircases exit out of the hotel). The lobby was spacious but also looked dated. The elevators are the pits.

All in all, a great Philly location...worth a recommendation just for that!
This hotel is ideal for conferences.  Its setting is is ideal, with many restuarants in Old City.  The layout is nice and the staff is professional.   The valet parking is required and that's $43/night.  The service is ok.  I had to ask for soap.  I shouldn't have to ask for soap for my room.  Also, the closet door would not close (cheap construction).  The toilets are the jet flush type so you'll hear it when your next door neighbor flushes.  The free water in the room is a nice touch. Overall, I'd return if or when i'm in the area.
Rooms were clean and nice but decor is dated and the layout of the hotel is like a maze.  Pay attention to the signs to figure out where your room is.  The Sheraton lounge is the best part of the hotels and comes with pricier rooms or sheraton rewards points.  The lounge has a couple couches, a computer, wi-fi and some tables.  It also comes with a great little bar full of water, pop, coffee, tea and juices for the taking.  It has continental breakfast and free beer and wine in the evenings.

Definitely not my favorite place to stay, and located in Old City area, so not close to downtown if you are in town for work.  But I'd come back if my other hotels were booked.
Hotel is in a good location. However, we have been here for 2 days and have yet to have housekeeping clean our room. Day one, returned at 4:15 pm. No housekeeping. Had to ask for clean towels. Day 2, returned to the room at 1:30 pm, no housekeeping. Mentioned it to the front desk again. 

Not really looking forward to the next 3 days here. 

Service gets a big fat zero.
We choose this hotel because our other reservation fell through. This turned out to be a wonderful mistake it was right in the heart of a lot of things to see and do. The staff was friendly the room was amazing. There were only a few complaints. They only had valet parking and it was $49 a day. If you opted out of that you would need to park the car yourself or there was a lot a few blocks away that charged $22 for a day. If you are looking for night life there were plenty of bars on the street with the parking lot. The walk is safe Day or night and she as only a few blocks from the Benjamin Franklin post office. 

The hotel does entertain ALOT. The weekend we were there the had 2 weddings and a prom so there is a lot of activity till late but you cannot hear a single thing from the room. 

They do have a pool and a gym and the bar/ restaurant was open till approximately 2 or 3 am the Friday night that we arrived. I will for sure stay here again if I get the chance. Beautiful city beautiful hotel.
Nice for an overnight stay. King Room though small was nicely renovated and bed was super comfortable. Layout of the hotel is odd and if I were staying there as a single woman traveler it would make me a bit nervous to be so far from the elevator. Downsides to the room were the traffic noise from 95, A/C unit which switched on during the night and was REALLY LOUD,  also could hear guests in adjoining room but they weren't too loud so that was ok.  Was treated to a private brunch by our hosts the next morning and the food and service were quite good.  I would stay again but would check the A/C first.
Be on top of your bank/credit card accounts when staying here. My husband stayed at this location on Saturday due to him performing during the Papal visit and our bank account was hit for almost $900 when the room was supposed to be a free room. After speaking with 3 different people (ashley, mariah and Jordyn ) we were assured that the error had been corrected and that a letter was being faxed to our bank requesting the charges be dropped. Now its 3 days later and the charges are still on our account because The Sheraton processed them so that they would be "pending" for an entire week. This happened to multiple people in my husband's band also and nothing has been done to resolve the problem. I wont speak to the condition of the room or hotel since I didnt spend the night there. Just make sure you check your accounts after giving them your card.
Christ, this place is noisy - wouldn't go back again.   The area is really nice but there's no public transport nearby.  Go to the 4 points (a lot cheaper) or the Sheraton City Center if you're an SPG points collector.
Helpful folks at the front desk.

Convenient to Old City, and the new Museum of the American Revolution.

If you're a member of the Sheraton Club and can partake in the breakfast and evening appetizers, it's fantastic.  The room is open 24 hours for drinks as well, which really helps when you're traveling all day!

Deducting one star because the tv was not working correctly, and the cleaning service was a little iffy.  Neither of these are deal breakers; I would stay here again
Stayed here the day of our wedding. The first room smelled like cigarettes. The second room smelled like chlorine. Mind you I don't have a good sense of smell either.
Room smelled of mold. Saw two cockroaches during my week stay.the room service menu was limited but the Cobb salad was excellent. The location is good. Walking distance to market street an bars. the staff was friendly and professional but I don't think I will return. Philly has great hotels this is not one.
Wow, worst hotel stay of the year. Had a room on the fourth floor that looked into the gym treadmills (you could hear everything and workouts started at 6am). Also looked directly into the pool and smelled of chlorine. 

The Club Lounge serves stale muffins and has Luke warm coffee and "hot" water. 

On the plus side, the valets were great and super helpful with directions. And the restaurant was really good for a hotel.

But STAY AWAY. It's Philly--there are tons of great choices nearby. Don't stay here. Ever.
This past weekend my girlfriend and I celebrated our 2 year anniversary. We also got engaged. Helping to make this weekend memorable was the Sheraton Society Hill Hotel. I booked a room for Friday and Saturday night and surprised my fiance with a trip to the city. The staff was very helpful, the accommodations were very Society Hill, and the overall stay was fantastic. 

The hotel is located in a great part of Philadelphia. We were able to walk to Penn's Landing, different restaurants, and shops. When we did need a taxi, the staff flagged down cabs for us. I will definitely stay here again. Thanks for helping me make a memory.
If you are looking to explore the heart of Philadelphia, this is the place to stay! This location will give you access to the full historical experience. I would consider this a safe neighborhood. We walked around at night and day without having to fear for our lives. There are always people. We received class A customer service during our 2-night stay. The people who worked here are friendly and helpful. The entrance into the hotel was probably the highlight. It looked like a 5-star hotel until you get to your room. The rooms are out-dated. The design, look, and feel is from the early 2000's. The televisions are small and cheap. Most of the channels don't worth properly. The room is spacious but will need major renovation. The bathroom has a yellow and old feeling like a motel. The bed was comfortable and clean. 

I like how guests are given $5 voucher for going green (not asking to change out towels and bedsheets).

Overall, this hotel needs a makeover and has great potential to be the best in the area. I would not pay full price for the hotel but will stay here on a special rate/deal.
This hotel is LOUD. You can hear everything echoing up from the courtyard below, plus every conversation of every person who walks by in infinite detail. I was awoken several times during the night by douchey bro's talking about how hot the bridesmaids looked at the wedding reception going on below and exactly what they wanted to do with said bridesmaids. And I am not a light sleeper. I live in San Francisco off a MUNI line - meaning trains run by my apartment and rattle my windows and light fixtures - I do not wake up for this. If you want to stay in a hotel where you hear every door slam, every toilet flush, every sneeze and cough of your neighbors, every housekeeper shouting "HOUSEKEEPING!" at every door in the morning, by all means, book the Sheraton Society Hill.
This location is really great, it can't be denied. And by that, I mean the actual physical location of the hotel--not the hotel itself. 

Service at this particular Sheraton ranges from quite friendly (the bartender in the restaurant, the clerk at the coffee shop, every single room cleaner/housekeeper I met) to completely indifferent and even rather surly (everyone else). 

The hotel is kinda shoddy and could use a good refresh/remodel. For instance, my room (a non-smoking room) had the worn-in stench of smoke and water stains on the ceiling. Various hallway signs were down or hand written. The elevator is super-pokey. The water pressure in the showers leaves quite a bit to be desired. The walls are paper-thin (I could hear the people next to me having a normal, quiet conversation VERY clearly...I could hear whenever anyone turned on a shower or flushed a toilet). 

The beds are comfortable, however, and the big plus is that the heat in the room actually worked (and quickly). Goodness, I hate hotels that cap your ability to turn up the heat. This is not one of them.

And, this is not for the casual traveler, but the hotel AV in the ballrooms/meeting rooms is not so great. Particularly the sound systems provided. Hire out if you can. 

You can walk to a large number of restaurants/attractions/whatnot from this hotel, but. . . meh.
The worst Sheraton I've stayed at. The first room we got smelled like smoke, so they moved us to another one which was better... I thought the rooms were non-smoking...?
The jacuzzi and pool were closed which sucked because I wanted to relax in the tub after I checked in.
The breakfast for SPG was shameful. Just bagels/toast and cereal and some over-ripe fruit.
I also just don't like hotels with some rooms having views of the lobby.
It's a small hotel with 4 floors.  Everything is very standard. Rooms are clean. Service is average. Just the basic hotel thing. It's good enough.

But it seems like the cleaning service is a little bit too loud. It feels like they are crushing the wall from the room next door. And I found stains and dirt in the corner of our room.
If you are having an event (like a wedding), the Sheraton Society Hill is a fantastic venue.  My wedding this past weekend was absolutely incredible and went off without a hitch.  The food was fantastic, the ballroom is huge, classy and gorgeous and the staff was on top of everything.  I would particularly suggest speaking with Dan Peterson as he guided us from the beginning of the planning process through the end of the wedding.  Dan was entirely reasonable and a pleasure to work with (and in the high stress environment of wedding planning, that cannot be overstated) and I feel that we got a lot of "bang for our buck."
Clean, nice hotel, with comfortable beds.   However, the a/c units go on and off every few minutes, regardless of room temp, which is annoying.  We complained and were moved to another room, but it had the same issue.  Just wish it would stay on for white noise all night.
People call Sheraton's "Sh**** Sheratons," but this location is anything but crummy. However, their check-in process is always pretty crappy. No matter when you check-in at any Sheraton across the country, you'll wait...for awhile. Whatever process they use clearly is broken and inefficient (consultants, you'd die here...stick with another hotel brand). This location is no exception.

Despite that, it's a pretty great location. It's in downtown Philly along the water and one block from the city's best restaurant (Zahav). The lobby is beautiful and often hosts weddings (when we checked in they were setting up for four weddings in one night!). The rooms are spacious with comfortable beds and great water pressure.

If you are platinum, you get a Philly product snack basket in your room, access to more Pennsylvania snacks in the club, and drink coupons to use at the Starbucks or bar inside.

There's an indoor pool. What they don't have are good elevators. We waited for ten minutes for one to come and only a few people could fit inside. Apparently, you can only access the stairs going down, not up. again, inefficiency. Come on, Sheraton!

Overall, it was a decent experience and we'd book again!
Smelly, loud, unapologetic. Friendly staff but unable to help.
Stayed at the club level room during a convention. 

One of the best things about staying at the club level is the access to the club lounge.  For this Sheraton, there's a few small fridges stocked with sodas, water, chips, and a variety of other snacks.  During certain hours, complimentary breakfast, finger foods, and beer (Yuengling!) were available.  It's a nice convenience, not having to worry about rehydrating yourself and having a place to relax.

The staff at the club lounge was wonderful as well.  Very helpful and very nice, making you feel welcomed.  

Few issues did come up though: when I first checked in and got to my room, I was assigned to a room with this crazy smoke odor and immediately requested a change.  I was definitely surprised that housekeeping staff did not inform the front desk about the smell when turning the room over.  Definitely a surprise to walk into that room in a smoke-free hotel.  I was switched to another room immediately, but had to call front desk to have them redo my key to allow the club lounge access since it did not transfer over.  

Gym is separated into two rooms, cardio and strength.  Good number of cardio machines in a spacious room, but very limited equipment for strength training.  The all-in-one machine that they have is a bit awkward.

Location wise, it was fairly convenient.  Located near many restaurants, it was also close enough to some of the historical sites.  Walking to the convention took about 20-25 minutes.
Currently writing this during my first night stay at this hotel. This is a very easy location to get to and is in a really cool part of the city that I have not explored before. It's in a more quiet part of the city with just a 10 minute walk to a bunch of bars and restaurants. It is surrounded by quaint cobblestone alleyways. The parking at the hotel is quite expensive, so just a tip to save $30 a day is to park at the parking garage around the corner for only $20 a day. 

The Sheraton is really nice, I personally think it is very fancy. My boyfriend and I stayed on the top floor. The awkward part of our room was that our view was the pool and gym area. It is nice to see if these amenities are busy but when I do work out, I will feel super awkward as I sweat and struggle on the elliptical as I'm sure others have the view as well.  

The room itself is spacious. We have a four bolstered king size bed that is super comfy. We noticed that you can not adjust the thermostat. I am someone that needs white noise to sleep and the air does not make enough noise to drown out the little noises. Another thing is that our room does not have a refrigerator. This is kind of a bummer since my boyfriend is here for work and would like to be able to store lunches for the next day. Also, there is not a fan in the bathroom. So when you take a shower, the room gets extremely steamy. The room is very clean and the staff is very welcoming. Overall, so far this is a decent and comfortable place to stay at...

Update from day 2: I can hear everyone run on the treadmill (and it's loud and shakes the room) since the gym is on the 3rd floor. So not only can I hear this but I am guessing the floor below and rooms next to the gym can hear this too. Suggestion would be to get a room away from the gym/pool.

Update from day 4: The gym situation is actually pretty bad. It sounds like giants are running below me which is why I changed my rating. It's 6 am and I am wide awake because of it again! Even when I try to take a nap, I can't because of course someone has to run when I'm trying to get some shut eye. I even have on background noises and I can still hear it... plus the entire room shakes! Seriously Sheraton... this is poor planning on your behalf.
Great location and spacious room. However, the rooms open into the lobby on all levels - they face inwards towards the lobby. Because of this, the noise from the lobby carries into the room all night. Not a place I would go if you are looking for rest and quiet.
I got no further than the bar.  Yuck, yuck, yuck.  Wait, more "yucks" are needed.  I'm not sure why the Marriott felt the need to change the bar location.  Not sure either why the menu changed or the staff or the quality or the utensils.  A big fat yuck.  The one star is for the drink.  I had a vodka martini and it was okay.  Not great; just okay.  I also had the butternut squash.  Why?  I like adventure and the soup is hard to mess up.  The Marriott managed to do just that!  The soup was watery, tasteless, and nothing like what butternut squash should look like or taste.  YUCK!!!  The soup spoon was cheap and hard to hold and not worthy of the Marriott.  Yuck, yuck, yuck, yuck, yuck.  And I'm giving a gentle comment!!!
There was hairs and whatever that thing  in the mini refrigerator. Bathroom was not clean and the bedsheets was stained.  Management never follows up on my complaint or make and change to the issues.
We stayed there for Spring Break to do family sightseeing.  The hotel is in a great location and you can walk to almost anything. The best part of this hotel is John-Carlo at the front desk. He was very attentive and gave us great suggestions everyday.  Ed came to rely on him for everything!
I enjoyed my stay at the Sheraton. All of the staff were super friendly and helpful. Gus who works valet was the first person I interacted with and he set the standard high. I wish I could of tipped him more he was so awesome. There was also a woman in the am at the restaurant who made my morning so much better. I would give 5 stars but 100 dollars to park for only two days is ridiculous to me. Overall I would definitely stay here again. I just won't drive lol.
