We had a very bad experience staying at Bella Vista.

Things started out ok.  We made a reservation for one night, but had to cancel at the last minute due to a family emergency, and Bella Vista kindly gave us a credit for a future stay.  A month later, we booked the same room.

However, on the night of our actual stay, we were sleeping in bed when water started dripping on our heads.  There was no one on the premises, so we repeatedly called the customer service number, but couldn't get a hold of anyone.  Finally, we found a number in one of the emails we had exchanged and got a hold of a woman at 11:30pm who said she would try to find a solution and call us right back.  After not hearing from anyone for two hours, we dragged the bed into the middle of the room, away from the drip, and went back to sleep.

When we called the next morning, a staff member kindly offered us a full refund, which we thought reasonable.  However the manager later decided, without telling us, that he would only refund half the amount.

While the room itself was nice, given how appalling the customer service was, we would not stay there again or recommend it to others.
I stayed here for a few days while visiting Philly. What I like about the BNB is that it's quiet and you have a lot of privacy. Everything is done through key code, so no key and no need to interact with anyone. 

The neighborhood of Bella Vista is a perfect location. This neighborhood didn't exist when I lived in Philly +10 years ago but it's great - beautiful homes, a block from the Italian market, 3 blocks from South Street, and very close to downtown.

The bnb itself is located in a great location but it's a very old house, breakfast is just left for you in your room - bread banana and juice. The room I stayed in was large but too big for the old A/C vent - but they had placed fans in the room so it was comfortable but not preferable to AC. 

All in all - if they had a deal and the room was about $100, I would come back but we paid a good amount more and don't think it was with it. If you want to stay in Bella vista - might as well find soenthing on AirBNB
I am leaving one star because when I stayed there, I saw numerous bugs and dust bunnies all over the bedroom. Plus the bedroom (I stayed in the "outback") was not private, and had a door with stained glass that was see-through. The decor was much more dated than quaint. The breakfast provided was nothing particularly noteworthy, either. The best part of the B&B is the location (near Sam's Diner and in a great area). But I would avoid staying here next time I am in Philly.
For a long weekend (three nights) in Philly on a tight budget and last minute booking (a month in advance) Bella Vista Bed & Breakfast fit the bill. 

Outback room for $115 a night + tax 
The room was in the back and had a it's own entry way after you walk through the main house and out the side door. There's a lovely garden area but it went unused due to the cold weather. It was clean with  a lot of charm and a kitchenette that included a brita water filter, min fridge with complementary juice, bottled water and condiments and an adorable dinette set and china cabinet. 

What was great is that they have yearly family passes that they lend out free of charge that gives you free entrance to the Museum of Art (Adults:$16/Seniors:$14/Students:$12) and Franklin Institute (Adults:$15.50/Seniors:$14.50 /Child:$12.00). 

The breakfast was just an assortment of croissants, muffins, bread and fruit in the lobby but at that price and with Sabrina's Cafe a 5 min walk away a larger breakfast was unnecessary. The room was stocked with guide books, maps and a binder of helpful information put together by the innkeepers. 

The location was good, esp if you like food as it's a short walk to the Italian market and some of Philly's best pastry and sandwich shops (see my other reviews!). If you're up to it the walk to center city/Historic District isn't short but lovely esp if you walk through Society Hill. 

Overall a comfortable and enjoyable stay in Philly!
I would NOT recommend this BNB in the future. I booked a 3 night stay for myself and a colleague coming into town for a professional convention. We booked though Expedia; however, had thoroughly researched the place and looked into the inn's website before finalizing our reservation. We were VERY disappointed upon arrival. Although the furniture and general layout matched that of the website, the suite itself was quite dingy. Additionally, there were a number of small bugs lining the towels in the bathroom. We felt unsafe staying in the unit as a result of the exterior entrance (we had to leave the main building and walk down a dark alley way to enter our suite). There was also a door connecting to an adjacent room which we couldn't lock from our side. We felt uncomfortable knowing that whoever resided on the other side of the wall might have access to us and our belongings. On top of it all, the heat had been turned off prior to our arrival, and the remote for the heater could not be found. Despite contacting the inn directly, we were unable to locate the remote. We found the suite to be inhospitable and unsafe, and for those reasons, decided to leave the inn. We've reached out to Expedia requesting reimbursement; however, the representative from Expedia has been unable to get in contact with the manager of the inn.
I flew in and was spending only one night in Center City before heading out to the North and Western Burbs to stay with family.

I came across the hotel when searching by price on a travel site. It looked adorable, was very affordable and was in my old neighborhood, just a few blocks away.

I reserved online and immediately got a confirmation email, the week before my arrival, I received  another email with my access codes for the front​ door and my room. The email also included parking suggestions and check-in information.

The access is all via push button locks, not check-in, but there are numbers and email if you need assistance.

Eclectic is probably the best word to describe the townhouse; the yellow shutters, planters, twinkle lights, and concrete sculptures make it stand out on the block.

Each room is uniquely appointed, some suites, some rooms with private baths, and some with shared amenities.

I chose the City View Room, third floor with a shared bath and kitchenette, and, most importantly, a rooftop​ deck overlooking the city skyline.

Right inside the shared space was a small but well-appointed​​ bathroom that surprisingly included a stack washer and dryer. Further​ down the hall was a good size kitchenette​ with a full-size​refrigerator​r with bottled water, a Hoosier​ cabinet​ with coffee, tea, ​and sweeteners. The kitchenette also had a gas range. 

Down the hallway were the two rooms, mine was farthest to the back. It was charming with exposed beams, tropical vibe artwork, ​and collectibles​. The queen size bed was very comfortable, and the air conditioner and ceiling fan worked well.

The outside patio was a step up​ and overlooked other buildings and the skyscrapers of downtown Philadelphia.

The building is close to the Italian Market, South Streets, great restaurants and bars, its a reasonable walk to Old City. 

I enjoyed my stay; it​ was a step back in time and reasonably priced.
What a wonderful experience in an old world B&B!

The booking process was very simple! We used Expedia to book over the Army-Navy football weekend and a suite at Bella Vista was less expensive than any name brand hotel in town. 

The check in process was very simple as all the doors have a keypad entry. The room was very large, filled with beautiful antiques and a full kitchenette. The bathroom was small but had a Jacuzzi tub and was large enough for our needs. A breakfast of fruit, muffins, milk, juice, cereal and coffee was staged in the kitchenette and replenished daily which we loved for the morning! 

As mentioned in previous reviews there were some small holes and bendy floorboards but nothing was unsafe and I thought it added to the character of a very old house. We were provided 2 fan ac units and the house was very private and quite. 

On what was supposed to be our last day we had some car trouble and were unsure if we would need to extend our stay or not. Barbra was so sweet and understanding  we could not thank her enough! She is the proprietor who lives on site and made sure we had everything we needed until the day we actually left! 

If a contemporary hotel room is what your looking for this is not the place for you. What you will get is a room filled with history in the heart of Philly.
Decent for the price, got the job done. However, upon arrival our door was wide open. No one was inside, but of course we had to check behind the shower curtain and under the bed horror movie-style first. Also, multiple holes in the floor. Looked clean for the most part, but we became skeptical after we opened a couple drawers and noticed they hadn't been emptied- one of which had pretty important medical documents inside. If they skimp on locking doors and emptying drawers of personal belongings after a guest's departure, who knows what else they overlook? On the plus side, great location walking distance within almost everything.
Sounded Great, but no.
Shabby.No Hospitality. Breakfast was inexpensive items put out in the cold hallway in plastic baggies!!!  We had to get the half and half from others who were leaving!!!
My husband liked the wabi-sabi.
Good deal for just south of Center City.  Three row homes turned into a B&B.  Evening Star was warm & romantic.  Clean and well-appointed with plenty of snacks, drinks & utensils.  A little shabby overall, but well-run.
3 1/2 Stars. Very cute B&B in a really great neighborhood. The price is very reasonable. If they just made some simple changes, it could be great! 
There were a lot of "quirky" things about the room, none of which bothered me too much but it might be a problem for others. There was no bulb in 1 of the lamps, there was tissue keeping the furniture from wobbling, if you put any weight on the left side of the table it would flip over, there was a door that lead to the roof that wouldn't lock properly and there was no curtain on one of the windows. I was fine with the cereal/muffins/juice/coffee for breakfast, the only problem is they didn't replace anything so we only had enough breakfast food for 1 day.  Everyone I dealt with was very nice, but they need a better system for checking in/out.
I would stay here again, especially if they hired a handyman to fix the funkiness and replenished the breakfast foods.
First time checking in on a bed and breakfast hotel stay.  Different from my regular resort/ hotel stay.  Loved the colonial theme rooms! The place was very nice and comfy. Very clean and well kept. It's a walking distance from all the historical places while visiting the area of Philadelphia . Will definitely be trying them out on the next time around.
Really a cute place, excellent management, and great location. 

Needs a little more attention to detail and truly bringing out the historic value of the property. For instance the bedroom and kitchen are "period", but the bathroom has like finding Nemo stuff. 
The back yard area needs a lot of attention, the hot tub has plants in it and does not work and there is a lot of "stuff" everywhere. 

However, I really enjoyed my stay. Bed was comfy and I loved the fireplace. The walls are thin, so you may want to bring earplugs if you stay on a weekend. 

Would definitely return. 

Thanks!
His place is a hidden gem-- and good for people who just want to experience a simple and refreshing time in South Philly. The house has many different rooms and each room tells a story of a time period. We stayed in the attic, Evening Star and had an awesome view of the city on the balcony. The room was big, comfortable and cozy. There is a tv, fridge, fresh robes, extra towels, tables, extra chairs and a huge balcony. There's also a private bathroom and kitchenette but it was just outside the door of the attic. Coffee, tea is available all day everyday. I recommend Bella Vista to anyone who doesn't mind a cozy, Victorian vibe. For one night, it goes between $130-$190. The top floor is perfect especially on a warm day. Enjoy!
The front "stoop" of our building (there are three) was filled with leaves and trash--more trash than leaves.  Not a welcoming sight.  Our room was clean but appointed with Early Garage Sale, and I'm guessing the mattress dated back to the Nixon administration. The stairs leading to our third floor location were narrow and very dark.  We couldn't get Wifi in our room and were told the problem was our tablet.  It worked fine in other city locations.  The location is great and I like the idea of supporting non-franchise businesses.  I wish we had had a better experience.
We needed to find a room for a concert in the city for the night. I have to say we were pleasantly surprised to find this gem to stay in. It is wonderfully decorated with really cool old furniture with each room a different theme. We had a common area which two rooms shared. The Boss (wife) really appreciated the small things especially the soap/shampoo/conditioner dispenser in the shower. Will definitely  spend more time there.
