Dear PHI Airport Hotel... Does the Marriott know that you are using their name? 

When you are so hungry you eat your own Tums because the airport hotel has no restaurant, room service nor does anything deliver after midnight, you assume you're somewhere like Cedar Rapids, not Philadelphia.

Lets be honest, Philly is an awful city. In the Top 3 Worst Cities in America. But they are one of a few cities that has a hotel connected to the airport which is fantastic if you dont want to have to stay in a garbage-dump, feral city of hideous walking dead.

The hotel is 9 miles from the city. They know that people are getting off planes and shuffling in here at all hours with no food anywhere. They direct you to a vending machine on the third floor where Pop-Tarts are available all night and these pigs look like you're lucky they didnt graze on them all first.

Expedia says Pay Movies. Huge thing to make sure they have when you know you're only other option for a day's entertainment is watching the live version of "Parking Wars." But no they don't have Pay Movies, actually. Never did.

Expedia is even wrong on the price for internet - which is now inflated to 13.95 a day, a price I gladly paid for no other reason than to write this review before flying out. 

Here's the real review... I hate myself and everything around me at this hour and I am happy to have something to complain about that legitimately eats cardboard shit as bad as this hotel. 

They say that they have refrigerators available... I just ordered one at 415 am just to be a prick before I leave. Fuck em.

All in all, I would definitely stay here again... only because they are the only thing attached to the airport and Philadelphia is a dung-harvest. The closer to the exit the better.

And the bartenders are top-notch, funny and engaging dudes, no shit. Just get here before they close and you miss out on the 16 dollar club sammich! 

Mmm-hmmm. 

It'll make you wish you hadn't eaten all your Tums the night before.
A+ for location, location, location!   This Marriott adjoins the airport so there's no need to taxi or Uber.  

*Housekeeping quickly brought us a complimentary toothpaste. 
*Their Aviation bar is open until midnight which is nice for late arriving guest.  
*Rooms need some updating and had musty smell.
My wife and I re-visited The Philly airport Marriott to attend a nearby event.  It had been seven years since our last visit, and I was somewhat nervous about the falling Yelp reviews and the  possibility the place had gone way downhill.

We chose it because our stay was very short and our return flight from Philly to SFO was at 6 am. Since the hotel is connected to the airport via a covered skyway (a one-minute walk) this seemed a perfect fit. It was. Having the rental car lots just across the street was also very convenient. (We arrived late at night, slept in, then I strolled over to get our car the next day).

The hotel itself looked almost exactly the same as it did on our previous visit.  The lobby, as before, was the least impressive part - oddly shaped and very plain decor.  But this time they were BLASTING music everywhere in the lobby, even outside on the front entryway. (To make a cellphone call I had to walk out toward the parking garage, or just go to the room.)

On the positive side, the staff were super friendly and helpful.  The rooms were clean and relatively nice. (Though smaller than I remember).  The hotel restaurant and bar downstairs (The Aviation Grill) was also pretty good and served a decent burger. But that's a different review.

One of the best things about this hotel USED TO BE the fitness room. It was one of the largest and nicest I'd ever seen, and included a full-sized pool and hot tub. Sadly, both pool and tub were gone (more accurately: they were emptied and blocked by a long wall). And the fitness room had shrunk by about half. Too bad, since this was one of the main reasons I had given a positive review last time.  

Room wi-fi was free for those with a Marriott awards number (which costs nothing). If not, then it was a tiered plan starting at about $13/day for basic service.  Others have complained about the room wi-fi, but it worked just fine for us, even with two computers web-surfing at once,

Yes, I'd stay here again, mainly due to uber-convenient location and direct airport connection; but only for a short stay. This Marriott no longer feels as luxurious as it once did, and they've cut back on the amenities. Taking one star off.

Tips and tricks:
-- The walkway between hotel and airport starts at the airport upper level, outside security, at the beginning of concourse B.  If you are coming in from another concourse, you need to stay behind security and follow the signs that lead you to concourse B and then to "Hotel". If you don't, getting here can be a major pain.
-- Rental car lots for Avis, Budget and Hertz are a short walk away from the front entrance of the hotel. Others are not so close. P.S.: you should avoid Avis at PHL airport. (It's the very worst I've ever encountered ...anywhere).
My wife and I stayed here recently to attend a nearby event.  Since we were on a time crunch and were leaving Philly on a 6 am flight, this seemed like the best choice, and it turned out to be perfect.  The hotel is connected to the airport via a covered skyway, and the rental car lots are just across the street.  

Though I think of PHL as kind of a crappy, rundown airport, this hotel is a world apart. It could be a downtown hotel if you didn't know any better. The staff were super friendly and helpful.  The rooms were clean and relatively nice.  Room service had excellent food and didn't charge a premium.  The lobby, though clean, is probably the least impressive part, being small and relatively plain.  But next door is the hotel bar and restaurant. This was surprisingly large and the menu was excellent.  The decor inside is very inviting, sort of a boating/yachting them with lots of wood.  On out last evening we ended up in the lounge for some basketball watching, appetizers and a cocktail and didn't want to leave.

One of the best things about this hotel is the fitness room. It was one of the largest and nicest I've ever seen.  It also includes full sized lap pool and hot tub, a great place to while away some stress after a long flight.

Hint: the walkway leading to the hotel is at the upper level near the entrance to concourse B (mostly US Airways).  If you are coming in from another concourse, it's best to stay behind security and follow the signs to this point.
Ok here's a real live review; 

This Marriott sux....very much 
First of all the health center is under renovation apparently so they just threw a couple treadmills in a meeting room...motel 6 could've made a better effort than this corner closet,alternative where no more than two people could workout at one time.

Second,the price is ridiculous for it not to be a newer or nicer Marriott... Jw Marriott prices without the JW....the fuq?

My hotel phone didn't work and I missed my wake up call to an important engagement,my room was next to an employee elevator and whether it was them,or another guest...it was loud,all night,bangs,slams,etc..

The toilet ran every time I used it until I wiggled and wiggled the handle to stop it from constantly running...

The bar food was actually very good But overpriced which I expected and the extra star only came from the nice waiter,good salad,and that's about it.... Bye
It seems the only reason this hotel is still in business is due to the convenient location attached to the Philadelphia International Airport. This is evident in the disrepair and poor customer service during my short stay. 
It starts with the front desks attempt to dishonor the room selected in the reservation. The room provided was then small, cramped, and the decor unpleasant. Upon preparing for the night I found the sink did not drain, the vending machine incorrectly stocked, and the WiFi only available with additional payment. This hotel is only here to unfairly take advantage of weary travelers. My recommendation is to avoid if possible.
This is a level of incompetence that must be unrivaled, based off of the fact that Philly hasn't yet burned to the ground. I was given a room here after my flight oversold, and I called for a shuttle that never showed up. 5 dropped calls, 35 minutes, and 8 "I'm sorry, I'm gonna have to put you on hold"s later, I find out that the hotel is attached to the airport and an employee admits it would have been better to walk than to deal with them. I'm angry and tired and I haven't even GOTTEN there yet. Maybe because the rage shakes are slowing me down.
Covid has removed most of the benefits of staying at a Marriott but the proximity to the airport and check in is well worth it.  The staff is friendly, the hotel takes Covid precautions and you can walk to the ticketing in minutes.  They have adjusted pricing to reflect the reduced services so well worth the value for travelers.  Concierge Lounge is closed, restaurant seating is closed, and the gift shop is open occasionally.  The only thing I don't like here and other hotels as well when they do it is to pump in perfume smells into the common areas.  It immediately causes my allergies to kick in and I start sneezing and eyes watering.
3.5- Oh sure the hotel is nice.. but CRAZY expensive.

Stayed at the Marriot connected to the airport (seriously, you do not need to go outside the terminal to get to this place).  The hotel itself is nice and well kept.  They have cookies and lemonade in the lobby, and a pretty nice work out facility.

The low rating from me comes from the value.  Considering this room was $250+, where was the free wireless?  Or at least a business center with internet access?  $17 a day for parking?  i gave my friend the choice of where we should stay.  Next time, I'll know that this is not a place to ball on a budget.

Chuck Norris Rating- Dutch Oven
Big event was very poorly managed = .5*   Great staff that was willing to help =1*

From the beginning our event was extremely hard to get planned. It took a call to corporate to get a agreement weeks after initial discussion and tons of phone calls and email follow up. Yes we should have known at this point to go with another hotel....I know....

Along the entire planning process it was difficult knowing who was our official point person. They didn't offer up any suggestions to make our 3 day event better either. It was until after (yes after) the registration deadline that we even got the online link for our room block to send out to our attendees. 

So now we come to the event itself, a three day classroom session for our company financial planners with directors leading this session (you better sit down before you read further).

The event room: Sprung a leak in the ceiling which started falling down on us, so we all had to walk around a huge latter and bucket - they moved us to another room for the following sessions.

The food: Was ok - We had laid out plans for snacks all of the days (when your training you better have snacks) and had to call to ask them to delivery them and one day they didn't have anything ready for us so it took a long time for them to get it to us. Now this is where the service comes in because their staff ended up bringing us hot fresh chocolate chip cookies and those were great from what I hear. 

The guest rooms: I did not see the rooms but I heard alot of our participants complaining that they had to pay for wifi even though they were members.

The service: The willingness of the staff to help with everything was outstanding - the front desk delivered baskets to rooms for us, the catering staff helped keep things straight even though I don't think they were properly communicated to.

The environment: I have seen and experienced so much better! 

The long and short of it is that I would NEVER have another big event there!
Arrived a PLATINUM member, was treated with indifference and actually was talked to like a fool as I was using a Marriott Friends & Family Rate. I forgot the certificate and was having it faxed and told them i would have likely in next 8 hours. Should not matter checking out in 2 days and would be resolved easily. Was told need immediately. They called my room 2 times within 5 minutes of checking in and was lectured after I went to bus Services to try and get on computer to get ahold of friend as I left personal cell phone home. The Supervisor was rude as I have ever encountered. My friend called hotel as the fax was malfunctioning and she finally got through after hours of trying and all was good. Well until I went to the restaurant. There again a rude Hostess who did not acknowledge my presence for at least 5 minutes then was told to wait she had a phone call lol! Finally seated Waitress excellent. Next morning went to breakfast and was told after another 5 minutes of leaning on the hostess desk they were not open until 6 am. It was 610 am. Rude as I have EVER encountered in ANY Marriott my hotel of choice always if I can get rates company allows.

Upon checking out again utter rudeness not to me but comments about person who called and the phone rang at least 40 times before she answered. I was trying to checkout and they did not have all charges posted properly including breakfast (but the gift shop transaction from 2 minutes prior was there and they are not Marriott). Was told would get email. None came. Expenses due. Now I call hotel and rudely am told will take 3 days at least. Unacceptable.

I will mention I tried to call for wakeup call, no answer on 3 tries.

I think you need to do a secret shopper test of the restaurant hostess as well as the front desk. The service is non existent except for the excellent wait staff.OT a chance. May stay again if rate under 100 per night but no way otherwise. Platinum members butter the bread and sometimes they use special rates but stay loyal to a usually superior brand.

The staff needs to go to Renaissance at the Newark, NJ Airport and see how this is run. The staff there from shuttle driver, front desk, hostess, wait staff and Managers are EXCELLENT!

Truly an absolute disappointment and still appalled it takes 3 days or more in 2014 to email a bill. PS I get it within an hour from the Newark Marriott!

Could I have eaten breakfast elsewhere? Yes, but I thought the hotel wanted to generate revenue internally! FAIL! Fail! Fail. The room however was  very clean!

Try downtown.....
The pluses: 
-  Impressive gym!
-  Connecting bridgeway to the airport
-  The bed is comfy and I've never developed unknown rashes.
-  They have a coffee shop open in the gift shop which is open really early (try 4:15 am)

The minuses:
-  SUPER expensive (not sure if it's the corporate rate, but the Marriott is more expensive than the Sofitel in downtown Philly!).
-  The carpet in the room makes me vomit.
-  I don't think the staff actually wants to work there.  
-  Restaurant and room service is meh.

But considering the one direct morning flight from PHL to SFO leaves around 6:45 am, this is a really convenient hotel.
I tried to confirm a reservation that I did online, but operator and reservation agent were so hesitant to listen, help and confirm. Their reasoning was -- operator = she was busy and there's a lot of calls and customers (called 3x to catch her attention); reservation agent = I'm trying to confirm about timing and etc, agent hang up on me. So sad that this what Marriott offers to their customers.
Our room was nasty and had a strong smell of smoke and/or mildew. There were long black hairs in the shower that don't match those of anyone in our room. I can't recommend this hotel based upon the condition of our room. The staff was nice, but I felt like I was sleeping in an ashtray.
Pro:  connected to the airport, which makes it a great place to crash and not have to kill yourself to get to a plane.

Con:
Most everything else.  I was here five nights. Three of the five, no internet in the room (really, in a place that attracts business folks??).  One night it was free wireless, one night it was $12.99/day for wireless (ahem, the Motel 6 gives it for free).  Except no charge for this (even though I had agreed to it on sign up).

Right now, there is no workout room as they are renovating the restaurant, and the workout room is the restaurant, which means your food is cooked on the first floor and elevated to the second.  Thus the half hour to get breakfast (six of us in the restaurant, and we didn't feel like doing $21 for the breakfast buffet).

Dining options are the hotel; nothing is nearby.

I'm sorry I was mandated to be here.  Clearly the place is coasting on the Marriott name.

Update April 19-oh, did I forget to mention I got charged for three days of parking that I didn't occur (and was assured would not happen at check in).

Update June 24-having stayed at a couple of other Marriott's throughout the company, I suspect the charge on the WiFi is a corporate policy, as those hotels had the same amount as well.
I was given a room that had an overbearing odor of mildew. And there was a old cup of coffee on the nightstand. That left a strong first impression. I am just not used to this kind of dirtiness from Marriott. 

I asked for a different room and they were quick to accommodate. And the hotel bar and food was pretty good.
This place is super convenient, however the cleanliness is an absolute joke.  Before I crawled in my bed I pulled the sheets back to check them.  These sheets were not cleaned or changed since the last several people staying here.  There was multiple different types and colors of hair throughout my bed.  At first I thought Osama Bin Ladin trimmed his beard and then had an orgy in my room.  This is so far from unacceptable that I will think twice before staying at any Marriott properties again.  Many other finer hotels nearby.
I am a big fan of this airport Marriott. I've stayed here at least 3-4 times. When I take a super early flight, I stay here, take the train into the city to have dinner, and then fly out bright and early the next morning.

My husband and I have been greeted by just about everyone in the lobby. Super nice staff. They are nice before knowing I'm Executive Platinum. No matter what time I get in, they meet my smile with a smile and a hello.

Beds are comfy.
Rooms are quite. I love that you really don't realize you are at the airport.

I do recommend staying here if you have the need for a hotel.
This hotel couldn't be more convenient...it is literally attached to the terminal.  I was stranded in Philly for a night last week and was fortunate enough to get a room here.  The staff was friendly, the room was clean and the bed was very comfortable!
It's a hotel. Nothing special, but a place to stay. I just stayed overnight for one night, but I have a fair amount of things to say about the hotel. First off, even though it is attached to the airport, unless you are coming from Terminal A or B, you're going to have to walk outside. As I got off my plane, I saw the hallway I needed to go to in order to get to the Marriott, however, I had to go to baggage claim. So once you pass a certain area, you can't go back; hence you have to go outside, in the cold, to get to the hotel. 

I had a reservation and got to the Marriott around midnight. It didn't take long at all to check in and get the room key. The man behind the desk was a little unfriendly, and not welcoming.

The room itself was fine, standard, nothing fancy. I personally wasn't a big fan of the soaps and shampoo they give, it's a bit off-putting. Other then that, the room was a room to sleep in.

Even though it can be a bit of a run around, it is at the Philadelphia Airport, so if you need a place to stay overnight, it's very convenient.
I've stayed in a few Marriots and this was by far the worst experience of them all. 


The waitress at the restaurant rushed me into ordering when I was unwinding after a long travel. Then when she saw that I was writing notes she asked me if I was going to stay long. Because if I was then I need to move tables. Then I was moved into a table in the corner.

The front desk was rude and condescending. Will not be returning. 


Get better staff.
A frequent visitor; however this time - uggh - horrible.  Arrived and had to re-request a room with a view, which incidentally is what I had booked and paid for.  Ok, minor burp.  Decided upon a quiet eve and ordered room service, cream of mushroom, which sounded perfect.  Settled into my clean room and service was delivered.  Tasted good, however 15 minutes after my last bite, vomiting violently.  When I re-grouped 3 hours later, ginger ale on hand, I thought it important to call down to advise so that another client might not meet the same fate.  Staff could have cared less and just kept saying "we take off bill".  

Oh and finally, good to hear the conversation of my neighbor in the room next door.  I can tell you all about their residential neighbor gossip, as well as, their television show, which differed from ours and actually played louder than ours.
Chose this place simply due to it's location.  Directly across the street from the car rental return about a 2 minute walk from most rental agencies.  The check in and check out was quick and efficient.  The room was clean and as advertised.  They offer a 24 hour on call shuttle service to the airport.  Would repeat.
This is just an average hotel.  The room is quite ordinary.  It is pretty much an old fashioned Marriott.  The exceptional thing about this hotel is location.  There really is nothing better than stepping out of your hotel and pretty much right into the terminal.  That is actually why I am here.  The weather was bad and I have an early flight so I decided st stay here so I would be right at the airport.

The bottom line is this is an ordinary hotel in a great location.
No complaints whatsoever.  If you want or need an hotel which is literally connected to the airport, this is your place.  A lot of "airport" hotels are only near the airport.  This one is seemingly a part of it.

Train service to downtown is also right next to the hotel.  Keep in mind that it's about $7 per person from the airport to downtown if you take the train.  If you are going to spend a lot of time downtown, consider a hotel in that area.  But if you need to stay near the airport, you cannot get any closer that the Marriott.

It's not a 5 star hotel, but only because it's not a "luxury" hotel.  Friendly staff and clean rooms.  No free internet service ($6 per 20 minutes use) which bites, but lots of places ding you for net service now.  Not cool, but just something to keep in mind.
I am a gold Marriott member and it took them three times to get me a room where the key carrds worked! The third time the customer service person came with to make sure they worked as if I didn't know how to insert card! Then she never even apologized for the inconvenience!  Hmmm  I think she should  have a lesson in customer service!
I stayed at the Marriott PHL for 3 nights on a business trip.  The hotel is old and the rooms are standard.  Clean, but definitely used.  We held a meeting at this hotel and the coordination was poor.  The catered food was tasteless and lacked variety.  

The only great thing about this hotel was the boom boom shrimp they had at the Riverbend Bar and Grill (the restaurant located within the hotel lobby) - but that would be a separate review of that restaurant.

But at the end of the day, this Marriott does serve a need.  It is located right in terminal one.  What more can you ask for?  Also, the conference space is huge and they have a number of conference rooms.
This hotel is literally attached to the Philly airport by sky bridge at terminal B. when we stayed they were undergoing a bit of a refresh (the restaurant had a temporary location).

Our room on the 9th floor had comfortable beds, new crisp linens and was overall clean, tidy and quiet. The bathroom had new shower curtains and rain-like shower head.
Celiac friendly

I've stayed at this hotel a bunch of times before the 6 AM PHL-SFO flight. This time I was here for meetings, so I actually had enough time to really experience this hotel. I had dinner in the restaurant and breakfast in the concierge lounge.

The restaurant menu is serviceable but limited and my server took very good care of my gluten issues. Nathan in the lounge is an amazing person who really cares for his guests. No request can't be handled by him, and again he took care of my allergies, bringing in food that I could eat safely.

Happy camper!
This is for the aviation grill.  Stuck in PHL on a Friday (USAir but that's another story).  Place was very busy.  Saw wait staff around but only fleetingly.  Sat for around 15 minutes before waitress came over.  About 15 minutes later a manager asked if I had a drink.  He quickly ran and got me one.  Seemed that way the whole night.  The manager was working to save his restaurant from the staff.

The room was OK.  Nothing exceptional except that I was sure glad to be able to walk to and from the airport.
Great hotel located in Terminal B of the Philly International Airport. Roll out of bed in the morning and it's a five minute walk to check in and security. 

Very quiet, despite being next to the airport. Rooms are spacious and comfy. Check in was fast - but we arrived late, at around 8 pm. Small gift shop next to check in and they make Starbucks coffee.
One of my favorite airport hotels in Philly. From a convenience standpoint, you can't get much better. They have a friendly staff 24/7. Easy to and from the airport by Terminal B. For a Delta flyer, you have a bit of a walk, but good if you're looking to get your steps in. They give you a discount on parking as opposed to the other parking garages. Their prices vary dependent on the day and room inventory. They have a concierge lounge which serves snacks in the evening and breakfast in the morning. Their 24/7 fitness center is well maintained with several treadmills, ellipticals and bicycles. Their lounge is energetic. You never know who you could meet there.
This hotel does an excellent job when it comes to convenience to the PHI airport and customer service from their banquet services, front desk, and concierge lounge (the gentleman hosting there is terrific). HOWEVER, the new Marriott program for what they now call "room service" is a joke. They call it "Fresh Bites". Aptly named, as the program does, indeed bite. The choices are severely limited, the food arrives in their version of a happy meal box, and if you are lucky enough to receive cutlery (I wasn't until I called a second time) it is PLASTIC. Presentation is non-existent, food quality is fair at best AND, if you want to tip the server, you better have cash as they will not let you include a tip on your room charge. I might as well as picked up a McDonalds meal in the airport and brought it to my room. Much less expensive and at least as tasty. 
A nice room service experience was a reward I looked forward to at the end of a long business day away from home - however those days are over at Marriott, it seems. As a long time Marriott platinum member, this has me reconsidering my loyalty choice going forward.
We were screwed by UNITED AIRLINES. Our experience at this hotel lifted our spirits. The shuttle diver offered us cold water bottles and was very kind. The front desk staff offered us complimentary ice cream and soda as a congrats in our new marriage. We got a king bed which was very comfortable. When we came down to get our complementary tooth brush and tooth paste I didn't even have to say who I was the lady just smiled and handed me our items. All around perfect service!
Wonderful from start to finish!!! We checked in the night before an early flight and were treated well from the very start! Check in was a breeze and we were given a room on the 11th floor. When we entered the room we couldn't believe that this was an airport hotel! Generally they are dingy and not nice. This hotel room was fantastic!! Cute little couch and very comfy bed! The lighting was perfect and the large flatscreen tv was the finishing touch. Very nice bathroom amenities too! Everything was super clean and the public areas were so very classy! Everyone who we encountered in this hotel was very helpful. The staff is absolutely top notch! My only disappointment was no fridge but that's ok. Also I wish I had checked in earlier to be able to enjoy it more. But it was time to head back to my city by the bay and I wasn't about to stay in Philly one more minute, trust me! Great job staff!! Way to go!!!!
This was our bed upon arrival. We called down for a new blanket and the front desk argued with me that it was not dirty without even seeing it and then proceeded to tell me she would have to go through housekeeping to get something new as if that was my problem. Bad customer service and unclean room. But I suppose that's to be expected in Phila.
Much like the airport, this hotel is just ok.  The location is excellent and makes getting to the terminal very easy.  The bar and food area is ok, much like typical hotel/airport food.  The rooms, well they smell and are small.  The fitness area is ok, and looks like a converted mini pool or hot tub area.  The lounge if you are a gold or platinum leaves something to be desired.  No view of the airport and small as well.
Good marriott. Easy access to terminal. 3 stars reflects the concierge lounge on 15th floor. A vending machine would be a better bet. Very weak on evening and breakfast selection. Not what you'd expect from a full service Marriott.
Too cold in the summer.  My family stayed here on 5/30 and it was hot out and freezing in our room.  The front desk said the heat is turns off when it reaches a certain temperature outside.  This means all you can get is cold air.  If you are not a big fan of too much AC like my family you will not enjoy your nights here.
Hotel is connected to Terminal B/C via a walkway and right across from rental car lots. This place made my 6:45 am flight easier to swallow.  Gym is a good size with a surprising number of weight machines (ie many); also open twenty-four hours a day. Checkin/out were quick. Some rooms have a view of runway. It's a good idea to print your boarding pass before leaving the hotel - at the B/C terminal ticketing is downstairs from the walkway and only the down escalator was in operation that morning. 

The only possible improvements to the hotel that I can think of are fairly minor -  perhaps nicer towels, flat screen tv and more cable channels.
Amazing staff. I had a terrible day traveling and expected the same treatment that I had received from an airline (that shall not be named, but we'll call them "American Airlines") and I instead walked up to a bunch of smiling faces and pleasantries. I honestly wish I could give this hotel more than 5 stars- they listened to me complain, gave me the room I had requested (King size bed, very comfortable) and were genuinely empathetic and helpful. Ligers aren't real, but the Philadelphia Airport Marriott is. PS- for being next to an airport, this hotel was VERY quiet. 

Also- should management see this please give Michael kudos for being genuine, honest and just darn nice.
This review is for the bar/restaurant. The customer service is excellent. The bar is nice. The food is good. The only issue is the number of fruit flies in the bar area. Annoying. They need to find a remedy to that. Other than that, everything was excellent
So, from my perspective the 2 stars i gave is very calculated.  

1 star for the out-dated rooms and decor

5 stars for the location and convenience to the airport

1 star for the price of the hotel (299 per night).  Not a great price for the value.

2 stars for the airline check-in kiosk not working

4 stars for the surprising limited noise of the planes (hardly heard them)

2 stars for the parking being overpriced!

Overall, the service was great, the bed was ok as was the room, and the stay was decent.  However, all of the other factors combined... I could stay at another hotel in town with a better location for cheaper.
Convenient, yes. I only experienced the restaurant and the service was incredibly slow for mediocre food. We had to ask twice where our order was and it took 45 mins to receive our burgers. The restaurant area is being remodeled and they have you eating in the old workout room. The mirrors on the walls should have tipped me off!  Gross.
Please don't stay here. I was assigned a room on the 12th floor. As I got off the elevator I could smell bug spray, and when I got to the end of the hall where my room was my throat and eyes were burning. I tried to suck it up, thinking I'll acclimate- nope. NOPE. Go back downstairs hauling my bags. I tell the front desk person about it, and his first question to me was, "did you touch anything in the room?" WOW. Downhill from there... He flips a new room key across the counter at me. Doesn't tell me what room number. OH GEEEE it's another room on 12th floor. NOPE. I go to a different person at the counter (note this is now nearly midnight). I got a room on the 11th floor. Oh- I had been told there were no king size beds available. Magically one appeared on the third room assignment. Rude service, stinky, intolerable smells, old, funky. I'd go an extra mile or 10 to NOT have to stay here ever again. Marriott, you got some work to do.
We ended up staying here for one night after our first choice hotel was sold out. All our other options were very expensive and being that I needed to reserve two rooms this ended up being the best bargain. Service was fine. My only gripe is that even though there are over 400 rooms in this hotel they were unable to give us side-by-side rooms. Apparently they were hosting a large convention of some kind. We ended up being about 8 doors down from each other. But whatever I could live with that for one night. The other peeve was the parking situation. What a pain in the ass. I understand its an airport hotel that is attached to the airport but its a pain trying to figure out how to get back to the garage and then the floor you parked on. Plus its expensive. Probably not going to stay here again when we're in the Philadelphia area. I will look for other options.
The Airport Marriott is on the grounds of Philadelphia International Airport (PHL) and is literally connected to the airport by an enclosed walkway that ties into Terminal B/C which is USAir flights (PHL is a USAir Hub). 

The hotel is pretty standard of a Marriott. The rooms are decently sized, clean and well kept. It is a good choice if you want to stay close to the airport with no hassles. On the hotel alone I'd give it 3 stars, nothing great and nothing bad. 

However the price is going to cost it a star. The standard rate is often double or more than what you can get a comparable or better room for nearby at one of the hotels on Bartram or Island Aves. If you've got plenty of Marriott Rewards Points or a Free Night Certificate there's no reason not to stay here. If you are paying for it, save the money and go somewhere else.
Best Hotel on, near or around PHL.  Front Desk Staff (Diane?) was amazing, pleasant and whipped through the line of check in's at lightening speed.  The Bar is great, lively and fun with a terrific staff--good wine list and great food.  Love the look and feel of this bar too!  My room was very clean, amazingly quiet and a bed so comfortable that I melted right into it!  I almost did not book this hotel from reading prior reviews, but I am glad that I didn't let them deter me--best night's sleep in a very long time!  Airport secruity was right outside the hotel doors and had zero people in line!!!!  That is Priceless!  I will most definately stay here again.  Great staff, room, food, beverage, location.  5 Stars all the way!
Beware of overbooking! Booked a room through Expedia one month ago for one night only so my elderly parents can get on a flight easily and today 3 days before their trip I got call saying the reservation is cancelled because they overbooked. Even though the email says "guaranteed and paid for". I was furious, talked to a manager, but no success, so they (Expedia) booked me at the Embassy. I'm still very upset by this, would not recommend, they apparently cannot guarantee b/c this is not the first pots about them overbooking. Awful.
While it is indeed much in need of renovations and a restaurant hostess who can at least act the part of being pleasant to customers, the Philadelphia Airport Marriott is indeed a very convenient and respectable place to stay prior to or just after a flight out of or into PHL.

The front desk staff is very friendly and professional; far above what I have come to expect in the city. The rooms are well proofed against the noise of the nearby arriving and departing airplanes. And the overall cleanliness of the rooms is at least on par with other chain hotels of its class. 

There were minor annoyances, of course. The loud sound of running water pipes was clearly heard throughout the night (I could not determine if it was coming from the bathroom in my room or one nearby). The air conditioning is a bit old and in need of maintenance, which would explain why it was both quite loud as well as inefficient when running. And the hallways could use a bit more regular vacuuming. However with such attention, this could easily become a Yelp four star hotel by my standards.
This is only a review for the restaurant. It was really, really bad. I was meeting someone at the restaurant because they had a long layover. We ordered nachos. The 'chili' on the nacho tasted like sloppy joes. They topped the pile of mess with cold whiz. I'll pass on this place forever.
This hotel is literally connected to the airport, and extremely convenient for business travel if coming in on a late flight. 

The rooms are standard Marriott, though the hotel seems quite fancy itself. Probably because it likely caters to more of a business crowd.

The hotel restaurant is also business good, if you are stuck at the hotel and need a decent meal.
Stayed here for 3 nights on a business trip.  The great thing about this hotel is that you can just walk to it from your flight when arriving late at night as well as walking straight to the departure gate for a very early flight back home.
The room is exactly what you'd expect from a Marriott, room is clean, same layout as all the chains and bed very comfortable.  The only reason why I rated it 2 stars is because the first night there was a fire alarm after 11pm.  I was in bed and as I was getting dressed to go outside, there was a note that was passed under my door apologizing for the test alarm.  Why would they do this so late at night????  Also there were loud noises coming from the shower unit on and off during the night that kept waking me up for all three nights, so wasn't able to get a good nights sleep throughout my stay. I was in room 928, so make sure you don't get this room.
We booked this spot after a long weekend in Philly. It was necessitated by our early flight. The staff upgraded us to a room facing the runways so we could see the planes take off from our bed. We relaxed a bit, grabbed a yummy meal in the restaurant on site and made it to our plane early the next morning. Clean, comfy rooms and friendly staff.
Rooms are great. Convenience is wonderful. Food is excellent. Bar pricing scales are misleading and outrageous. See my pics! Shame on you Marriott. Woodbridge is a moderate wine and you charge $6 for 3 ounces?! 3 glasses came out to $36! Very sour taste in my mouth right now! I know I'm at philly airport and prices are going to be high but this is outrageous! Never again! I'm jonesing for my Hilton already!
Very nice for staying at the airport.  After seeing some of the other reviews, what do you expect for airport hotels?  Airports are not generally near anything. Nice place, maybe a little pricey, but that's what happens at airports. My only gripe is that in this day and age there is no reason to not have free wifi in the rooms. I can go down for dinner and access the public wifi for free, but as soon as I get on the elevator I am required to pay $14 for one day. Ridiculous. Hide the wifi in the room price if you must, but don't charge extra when you have already demonstrated you can afford to give it away for nothing (in the restaurant/lobby).
The attendant came to check me in ; with a mouth full of food : on top of it that I get into my room nothing was restocked ..... So far im not liking this Hotel . Word of advice 3+ stars is always a better option
For our early morning flight to Alberta, Canada, this was a necessity. That being said, for a Marriott location, I don't expect to hear my neighbors talking or showering. The free wi-fi in the rooms was a joke, which explains why everyone was in the lobby (where it is free). For that reason alone, you could probably stay at a nearby Holiday Inn for far less money.
Can't ask for anything more convenient than this hotel right next to Terminal B if you have an early morning flight or got stranded.  I've stayed here a number of times and it's been a life-saver in that regard (at least in terms of welcome creature comforts: a hot shower, a hot meal, a drink, and a soft bed!).  That being said, my stay here tonight shows that this reliable old standby is just that: reliable and OLD.  Carpeting and decor is looking aged and worn - while the place is clean and well-kept, it could definitely use a facelift.  Staff is, as expected, considerate and attentive, no complaints there.  The hotel restaurant/bar is very noisy - something I've noticed in previous stays - and while it can be lively and boisterous, if you're tired and worn, the commotion can be a bit much.  The menu is ok - typical stalwarts like hamburgers, turkey BLT clubs, Caesar salads, ribeye.  Tonight I tried the French onion soup  and it was good overall: though the broth was on the salty side, it had a deep beefy flavor, plenty of soft onions and generous melty cheese that had incredible stretch.  OK, the rubbery cheese of gratineed onion soup is a cliche, but I'm a sucker for it anyway!  I followed that with a main entree of fish and chips -- I substituted the french-fried potatoes for Marriott's home-made potato chips (always good and didn't disappoint tonight) -- of which there was no hassle.  The dish arrived with 3 generous wedges of fried cod, the batter was crisp, not greasy, and not too heavy, the cod was hot and flaky.  The tartar sauce was flavorless, though, and the accompanying side of cole slaw was only ordinary, and very little.  But you're really staying here for the convenience, not the food.
Rooms were recently remodeled. However, the first room assigned to me smelled like wet carpet that didn't completely dry. Moldy. I went back downstairs to get another room. The staff was nice and accommodating. Upgraded me to another room. Which looked and smelled like the first one. 

I guess all the rooms smell like old wet rugs. I won't be back. The upgraded top floor room also had a water bottle cap and a wrapper on it by the desk.
Our company had their Christmas dinner a couple of times here.  Wow, I am always amazed with their service and food.  The luncheon was a buffet style and plenty of options.  Also, the dessert tray was wonderful with so many to choose from.  This would have to top my list of favorite buffet style luncheon.  Plus, the parking was taken care of by the attendant which was nice.
I met someone on layover at the restaurant.  The staff were friendly and the food was ok, if a bit pricey.  

The parking garage was confusing, as it serves the hotel and terminals.  There is a special section for the hotel on level 2.  Get your ticket validated at the restaurant and pay $4 plus tax, instead of $17 plus tax.  When you finally exit the garage, you pay at the same booths that service airport parking.  They had a major malfunction processing the ticket.  Never saw that before.

BTW, there is free wi-fi in the lobby and bar.   At other Marriotts I have visited, if you sign onto Lobby Wi-Fi first, that may carry over free into the rooms, so that's worth a try.
Stayed here because we had an early morning flight. Figured it would be easy to get to the airport.  Also paid extra for a room facing the runway. Convience store was like sauna but it was cold outside.  Clerk was wearing a suit and moving slowly like he was about to pass out. Room only had two towels. Skywalk goes into United terminal.  Can't really use it for other terminals.  Especially if you have luggage. We had a 5:00 boarding but hotel shuttle doesn't start until 4:00. They used excuse that terminal did not open until 4:00.  However, when we got to the airport bag checkers had been there for awhile and there was a nice long line of people waiting to get through security. Told that they would order special shuttle for us.  When I called at 3:15 they acted like they did not know what I was talking about.  I complained and was told that hotel manager would drive us over. When I got to front desk no one was there and security  guard walks out. Waited in lobby with manager and he turns to us at 3:45 and tells us that shuttle is about to leave.  Supposedly special shuttle was packed and I had to stand. Enjoyed conversation with other guests on shuttle regarding their complaints.   By the way, could not see any airplanes from our hotel room.  What a waste of money.  Hotel room was the most expensive room on our trip.  Surprised by the poor hotel experience.
Nice hotel, not fabulous by any means. But the room service is pretty good, beds are comfortable and the wi-fi is free. Works for me.

And if you have a flight to catch, this place couldn't be any more convenient; it is directly attached to the airport by a walkway.
This hotel only gets 2 stars. because of the nice people at the front desk. The rest? Read on. 

It was Christmas night and we had an early flight the next morning. First Marriott lost our reservation, which was made with points. Had to call Marriott and they couldn't fond it even with a reservation number! After 20 mins we got it straightened out and back to the desk to get our room. 

The problem with this hotel is it's seedy. It's long long overdue for a refresh. I'm no way is this property up to Marriott standards unless Marriott has lowered their standards. The water barely had any pressure. Hot would only come out of the tap and shower but tepid and a weak stream. But that paled to what was inside the bath tub/shower. The floor of the shower was uneven, pitted and worst of all grimy and black. I felt dirtier when I got out of the shower than when I got in. Bleh. 

Never stay at this property unless every other surrounding PHL hotel near the airport is full. The hotel from top to bottom reflected out room. Even the elevator button plate was worn and needed a replacement. Maybe Marriott lost their franchise and another chain is coming in, but this place is the worst reflection of what a Marriott should be. Everything outside the rooms felt old and dingy and the rooms were barely any better. Dingy. Dirty and does not Marriott property standards in any way shape or form.

Complete rip off that only has location going for it. blech DO NOT BOOK HERE!!!!!!
Had a terrible experience at this airport the place can really use some renovation I had a ten hour delay so I really had time on my hand to see the place very well hopefully I will not experience anything like that again
It was very hot outside and even though I did not have a room here one of the employees went in the kitchen area and got me a free bottle of cold water. So we went back to the bar later on and the bartender was decent. Our drinks were served very quickly. They have a decent sized menu, a bit pricey, but we did not stay for any food so I can't say anything about it. This hotel is attached to the Philadelphia International Airport terminal B, so you can get from the airport to the hotel without having to go outside which is very convenient. It looks like the rooms would have either a good view of the airport runway or the Philly skyline depending what side of the building your room is on.
This hotel is aged, but not like a fine wine. The service is average, the rooms are not bad, but the entire hotel gives you flashbacks of the 80s.
Good thing it is attached to airport as its the only good thing. High priced for average rooms. Slow restaurant too. Don't make my mistake take a cab off site and save 200 a night.
In for a quick conference at the Airport Marriott. First stop is lunch. They served us a buffet consisting of rubber chicken covered in cream of chicken soup, deep fried flounder that was tasteless and garlicky meatballs that they advertised as homemade. Well looking at how perfectly shaped they were and how they made me crave for less. I would not say home made. 

We stayed for dinner don't ask why. Ok it was because the drinks were free and there was a bad storm coming. See my posted picture of the Salmon and Braised Short ribs. The Salmon was a little fishy. However the short rib was quite tasty. Tender and seasoned well. That was the highlight of the dinner. The desert looked to be store bought. Back again tomorrow for more conference. Maybe I will stop at Wawa and bring some Tastykakes.
Halls that smell of urine and hair in the bathroom are such a warm welcoming. Not a very great experience for a room that cost me more than my flight to get there.  The somewhat thing decent is the food it's actually pretty good and there are options. 

Beds suck and you can hear everything in the hall way. 

After entering my room and there for several minutes I hear the staff trying to enter my room.  We are just trying to check the room is all set. Ah ok... Don't you have computers for that.
If I could give this less than one star, I would. The sheets were dirty upon arrival & I called & told the front desk about it, specifying that we needed our sheets changed. Hair & literal dirt was everywhere. I was told to remove the sheets from the bed myself. When we returned to the room 4 hours later, the "cleaning" staff had not bothered to even move the dirty sheets. Calling the front desk to request service - again - resulted in attitude from whoever answered the phone. You'd have the same disgusting conditions from a motel for a way cheaper price. Don't bother with this dump.
When I checked in there was no DOD rooms rate available per the computer, this was from the front desk clerk. How is that possible! 

The location is the only benefit this hotel has outside of that  it is an overpriced hotel. Save yourself the money and go across the street to one of the hotels less than a mile away this place is not worth the price tag.
As a valued SPG Member I was not treated well at all by Howard the front desk clerk on the morning of December 27th, @ 2am.
Stranded after traveling 8hrs from Dallas because of cancellations and re-directed flights, my phone charge was dead and could not find a proper working charger/ usb in the airport. Terminal be was closed but the Marriott was straight ahead, hmmm perhaps I'll stay there and go right into work later on in the day but 1st let me see if I can charge my phone, surely there are some usb ports in the lobby. I asked Howard "any usb ports so that I can charge my phone?" Howard responded without hesitation "No" then continued to talk on his earplugs. As I was leaving back up the stairs I could see usb ports on the benches, several benches. I plugged in my phone in relief and went to mention to Howard about the usb ports and if he knew they were there. "No" he replied, seeming that I had interrupted his cell phone conversation. Then as I was leaving he said "why did I bother to tell him that, what was my reason?" Well my reason was that I thought perhaps he was unaware. I went back up the stairs to use my phone and order Uber when Security came to tell me the lobby was closed "What"?? by that time a young mother with her baby was waiting for her husband and Security changed his story.
I followed up with Betty the front desk mgr two days later, she promised to get back with me, she did not. When I called her she said she left me a message, then said maybe not, she could not remember. 
I did leave the General Manager a Voicemail on December 28th, no response. Sorry to say I'm not surprised by the poor reviews, and not surprised Howard was able to get away with such poor customer service.
My FAVORITE place to stay in Philly for 3 reasons: first- the beds are the most comfortable beds (even comfier than my bed at home) I'm not sure why other Marriott's are as comfy. Second, the bath products are incredible, I keep the lotion in my purse- it's one of my favorite scents! Third, I can book a super early flight home to Phoenix and not have to worry about getting to the airport because it's a 3 minute walk over the bridge straight up to security. There is a restaurant on the first level along with a small convenience store. I always grab dinner from the restaurant and while pricey, the food is always good. They also have a special Gluten Free menu taking the worry and stress out of finding something to eat. Very friendly and accommodating staff- when I arrive, they always greet me with a "welcome back"- I know they don't know me personally but have record that I always stay here and it just makes me smile!
The only reason to stay at this hotel is its convenience in regards to location to the airport with a walkway to terminal A that allows you to walk there without going outdoors. But the hotel is not up to par with Marriott hospitality. There is none.
- The bed was comfortable except that the sheets were so wrinkled I was not sure if they had been changed. 
- The room was dingy with insufficient lighting - mostly because lightbulbs are out and I couldn't get anyone to change them, and the thermostat was difficult to regulate. Either it was blowing freezing cold air or warm air. I could not turn the thing off. 
- when I tried calling the front desk no less than five times over the course of two hours, no one answered the phone. 
- On a list of things to check when housekeepers are setting up a room, they should look at the alarm clock. I was staying at this hotel after a grueling two week business trip and this was my last day, the only day I got to sleep late. At 5 AM my alarm clock went off. At 7 AM I received a wake up call that I never requested on my phone. I gave up and got out of bed and dressed with five hours till I needed to get to the airport. I had hoped to sleep in this morning have a leisurely breakfast and get over to the airport on my own time. Clearly that did not happen.
- as far as the food goes, don't bother with the restaurant. I realize that they just opened again after Covid and they may have trouble finding enough staff qualified to prepare food, but at least it should be decent quality. Last night I had the stirfry vegetables and salmon. The salmon had gone bad. You could smell how fishy it was when they set it on the table. It was smothered in a very salty sauce. And the vegetables consisted of onions and peppers. I did see another plate go by that also had broccoli, but mine did not. Very few healthy choices on this menu. The breakfast menu is all carbs unless you order the eggs any style for $15.
- finally to add insult to injury, I just went back up to my room to shower and change clothes. I'm going home but I am going out to dinner directly from the airport when I get there so I wanted to make sure that I look nice. But nowhere in this hotel room is there a full length mirror. I can only see from my chest up.  Not a Marriott standard.

I've been a loyal Marriott customer and am very disappointed.u
Worst attitude from staff
Clueless staff at front desk

I had given my clothes for wash and inspite of the fact that it should have been back neither did they know that it was not delivered nor the fact that the bag had not even left the building

Causing amazing degree of inconvenience

Should be called a red roof inn not Marriott
I stay in Marriott portfolio hotels at least once a week and this is definitely one of the worst ones I've ever stayed in.  I typically run water through the coffee maker at every hotel before making coffee to ensure that it's clean but the water reservoir on this one was so filthy I didn't even bother.  I had 2 beds in my room and the mattresses on both of them sunk in, like a heavy person laid in it for 20 years and left an imprint.  I thought all Marriotts used the same mattresses but this one definitely was not regulation.  The alarm clock in my room was cheap and missing the back, I would've rather not even had a clock.  The handle to my refrigerator cabinet was broken and to top it all off, the ice maker on my floor was broken.  I know some of these complaints are petty but I just really feel that this hotel does not live up to Marriott's standards.  The mattress and coffee maker were unacceptable.
Utter dump.  Expensive, rude staff, filthy facilities.  If this is what the Marriott Corp. calls a hotel, I KNOW I'm smart to stay with iHG.  They are taking advantage of us poor, tired travelers.  This P.O.S. ranks right up there with the Hilton at O'Hare.  Couple it with the PHL airport, and you have the "Perfect Storm" of rudeness, filth, and displeasure when traveling.  I'm only here as I have a client in this area.  It's a sad statement on our infrastructure.  A total embarrassment.  Avoid PHL if you can and if you must travel through this unpolished turd of an airport DO NOT stay at this crappy Marriott!!!!!!!!! Cost me nearly 300 bucks for one, short, restless night.....
This hotel "inside" the airport is so far from most gates that you may as well just take an Uber to a hotel outside that's within a 5-10 min. ride and you'll get to your terminal faster, imo. It'll be cheaper, too (rooms for our dates were $200+/ night)! 

We arrived from an international 14-hour flight and it was quite a hike to get there. Incredibly exhausting, lopsided sidewalks and barely any mechanical walkways made this hell, sp for my 63-year-old jetlagged mother.

Shuttle runs every 20 min. or so between the hotel and airport terminals, which can be very inconvenient if you just missed it. Even the connected terminal B seemed like quite a walk away. No real assistance for passengers with disabilities.

Staff was nice. Room felt somewhat dated. Entrance to room soooo narrow we could barely fit our luggage through. Bad pillows, not much support. Bed didn't feel as comfortable as other Marriotts I've stayed at. Sink had a handle about to break. Towels weren't soft. 

Won't stay here again.
If you are flying in or out of the Philadelphia airport this place is convenient.  It is a short walk to the terminal through an indoor walkway.

The rooms are standard for most Marriott's.

My issue on this trip was the hot tub.  It was at best luke warm.  I was looking forward to a relaxing few minutes in the hot water.  Oh well.

The restaurant downstairs has ok food.
ACCESS: that's really all there is at this hotel if you don't want to leave the airport. It is extremely convenient as you can walk straight to the hotel lobby from the terminals without every going outside. The rooms are fine, nothing really too exciting. One down side is that this property can be very expensive depending on what is going on in the city. One additional positive is that there is a restaurant in the hotel that is full service with a full bar too. So if you are flying in for meetings, you really do not have to leave the hotel / airport at all. This location would not be my first choice if I wanted to experience Philly, but being able to have a place so convenient for short trips is very nice. They do have a conference room / area and I have seen some larger events here too. So for me based on the hotel, it is a 3 Star but you could argue higher for sure based on all the ease of access.
