No words can really describe how much I loved this hotel. Everything about my stay was perfect and let me tell you a little bit about this lovely hotel. 

I arrived at 9 am after taking a redeye from San Francisco. I didn't sleep a wink on the plane and was beyond tired. I call in advance to see if I could get a hotel room early, but they made no promises, which I understood. 

When I arrived at about 9:15 am, they miraculously found me a room and I could have hugged the front desk staff for working so hard to make this happen. I was so tired I was nearly delirious but mainly so thankful to have a room to rest in. 

When I walked into my room, I fell in love. My room was HUGE and beautifully decorated in perfect Philly decor. I took a quick and relaxing bath and hopped right into my comfy bed. My room was a bit hot, but I didn't care, I needed sleep. 

After waking up, the room was still hot. I called the front desk, and they mentioned there was an issue with the AC and they were working on it. Since they had colder rooms available, they switched me right away. The staff was so kind, they helped me move my things and made sure I was comfortable. I'm not used to this level of attention, but it was greatly appreciated. 

Even on the first floor, my room had an ideal view and I made sure to open my curtains every day to see was was going on in Old City. 

My stay here was perfect. I loved that this wasn't a cookie-cutter hotel and it has Philly style incorporated into everything. This hotel has a great vibe and so many people commented on how much they enjoyed the decor. 

Shout out to my favorite people, Colin, Tim and Marcus. You guys are rock-stars and I appreciate everything you did make my stay and conference perfect. We couldn't have done it without you and you were the VERY best people to work with.

The front desk staff very kindly dealt with me losing my key three times (sorry about that) and they offered meal/dining suggestions in the area. Their knowledge and insights were greatly appreciated. 

The location of this hotel is ideal, you can walk to restaurants and shops as well as the Liberty Bell. There is no need for taxis/Uber and it is easy to navigate this area. I highly recommend you explore, there are so many great things to see and do.

If you are coming to visit Philly, STAY HERE. You will love it!
Short and sweet:

Lobby/bar attractive, but the check-in space small and dingy.

Rooms clean.  Bathrooms need a hook or two to hang towels.  Toilet rocked on the floor when you sit down.  

Stupid electrical cords from sconce lighting running down wall...looks learning disabled.

I've experienced better, however this was close to the wedding venue we were attending.  Close enough to guide my sloshed friend back to the room and pour her into bed.  ;)
The Quick: Gorgeous venue and great location, but the walls were paper thin to the point we could hear  normal conversations in the room next door. It was horrific, I couldn't sleep at all because we heard everything going on. I travel fairly often and have never had this issue before - the hotel was just redone why not spend the time insulating the walls? I actually put tissue paper in my ears. We might have well just stayed out all night and saved the money.
If you're a history buff but want your accommodations to be modern-day, this is the hotel for you.

This Marriott is a block from the Liberty Bell and Independence Hall, a block or two from the Benjamin Franklin Museum and burial site, very close to the Betsy Ross House. You practically trip on history when you step out of its front doors.

And while the location is supreme, the service didn't disappoint either. My family and I stayed here as part of a recent wedding, and the hotel staff, including hotel managers, were quick to greet us each time we passed through the lobby.

The rooms were comfortable as well, which I got to know well considering I was in my room taking care of an infant for a good portion of my stay. 

Two things I learned as a new parent: Black-out curtains and thick walls are a huge help, and this hotel has both of these. The groom and groomsmen got ready in the room next door, but despite having some louder guys among the group, I never heard them once.

I also appreciated that the hotel TVs have Netflix programmed on them.

The bed was comfy; the showers were hot. The hotel met all of our needs.

I would definitely stay here again if I ever need another room in Philly.
Bottom Line: Perfect location, and nicely remodeled in 2019 but still has thin walls.

I think this is one of the best hotels in Philly due to it's awesome location in the Old City.  Aside from being surrounded by history, there are tons of restaurants nearby and shopping on 3rd street is close too. Other sites, like Redding Terminal Market, are a bit further away but still within walking distance. I'd recommend an Uber or similar to get to the museums.

This hotel was previously an Omni before changing hands to Marriott/SPG and going by the name of The Franklin Hotel.  It's now a hip Rennaissance with two bars in the lobby, a nice gym and an indoor pool and hot tub.

As noted above, the walls are thin.  Light sleepers might want to bring a noise machine.  I always set the HVAC system so the fan runs constantly and if needed, wear my noise cancelling headphones too.  

Another downside to this hotel is that there are not any refrigerators in the room which seems so odd to me.  A refrigerator is always nice for drinks, leftovers, breast milk, prescriptions that need to be refrigerated, etc. and I can't believe it's not standard these days.  

Parking at this hotel was advertised at $38 per night which seems fair given the location but after tax it was $50 per night. Seems they should just advertise it as such. There is a self parking option too which I suspect is next door at the Burge so that might be the way to go for about 1/2 the price.

I've had two great stays here and would definitely consider either staying here again or staying at the Kimpton next door.
4.5 stars!

Really enjoyed my stay at this hotel. The staff we very nice and went out of their way to be helpful. The bartender wasn't too busy so he personally brought fresh glasses to my room so I could have a free hand to carry my ice bucket. Mr. Giancarlo Rodriguez saw me taking pictures of the cool graffiti in the lobby, and he offered to walk me down to the pool to show me the graffiti art at the bottom of the hotel pool. Very cool! He's also a fellow Neopolitan pizza enthusiast and offered us some great recommendations of where to eat, the best things to order, as well as the best route to get there. These folks clearly take pride in their property, their city, as well as providing fantastic customer service. 

The rooms were cozy, quiet and spacious and offered a great views of the city. The decor was modern, minimalist and very attractive. The walls were adorned with Philly-themed pop art, giving the room a fun, local flair. (Again, the really cool artistic graffiti in the lobby...I never thought I'd see the day where I viewed graffiti as art.)

I appreciated the little touches like the tiny night lights under the outlets in the bathroom, the bottle opener attached to the fridge and the stand at the bottom of the entertainment center for guests to deposit their shoes and/or luggage.

Every room has a Keurig coffee machine, with K-cups that's both coffee and English breakfast tea.

I really enjoyed bthe Aveda bath products offered in the rooms. They have a very light and clean scent, rinse away thoroughly and otherwise don't leave an icky residue on my skin like the toiletries at other Marriott properties I've stayed in.

the shower in the bathroom is fantastic and has great water pressure. It's also adjustable so if you like thin "pins and needles" streams or more but of a "rainshower" soak, you can no adjust the shower to your specific preferences. The linens great; the towels are just coarse enough to give you a good wash without sloughing your skin off... Love it.

This hotel is in the heart of the city and a short walk from a multitude of delis, cafes and restaurants. It's also a short walk/ride to a variety of sights and attractions.


A few other things to note:


Ice machines are available only on the odd numbered floors.

The windows are not soundproof. They kept out most city noise, but I could hear some guy yelling and some other idiot laying on his horn from 10 floors up. Not a big deal though; I just turned up the TV.

Platinum Elite Bonvoy members and above: br advised that there is no concierge lounge in this hotel. They did give me a coupon for a free continental breakfast though (I'm a Titanium Elite member).

As I mentioned, this hotel is in the heart of the city. As such, parking is extremely limited and there is no on-site parking. There is a parking garage a half block from the hotel with rates of $8 an hour, or $28 a day. Please note that this parking garage is very low and very narrow so if you have a large vehicle, this might not be the best option for you (I think the clearance height in the garage is 6 feet, 4 inches). I have a Chevy Equinox and I made out okay, but it was nerve-wracking
Overall, this was a very poor Marriott experience. They've clearly tried to make improvements through renovations, failed to achieve typical levels of comfort.  Maybe a good idea, but certainly poor execution.  Among the issues:

1) They have a single front desk.  Not a front desk area with multiple folks to assist.  A single desk.  It was 4-5 deep with unhappy patrons each time I was there
2) Like many Renaissance's, it has more of a dark motif to the rooms.  The size of the room was fine, but the rooms need more than 3 small lamps. There's no way to adequately light those rooms as is
3) This is the first Renaissance I've been in without a concierge room/level.  Disappointing
4) None of the phones work.  Try to call the front desk...busy signal.  Try to call room service....busy signal.  One of the workers indicated the phones often don't work.  I'd say you can just go down and talk to the front desk but...see 1) above
5) Let's talk about room service.  There was a menu in the room which I ordered from.  When I totaled the order, it came out to $44.  Got the bill....$75.  All of the prices were higher, they automatically assign a 18% service charge, and then they charge for delivery on top of that.  And, by delivery, they mean the food rode an elevator up 6 floors.  Definitely need to charge extra for that.
6) Room service (cont.).  They didn't have a menu item I ordered, so they tried to call my room.  See 4) above.  Yeah, so they wound up knocking on my door to resolve the issue
7) There are sliding doors on the shower.  No issue with that.  The issue is they put the entry to the sliding door in the wrong spot.  it forces you to enter the shower right from under the spout.  Makes no sense.  Then, the sliding door doesn't actually shut (just keeps pushing backward).  So, not only do you get a cool breeze but then you get to go swimming on the bathroom floor after the shower because the floor is now soaked.

Needless to say, my 3 night stay quickly became a 1 night stay
I spent a few nights in this hotel a couple months ago, and was pretty severely bitten by bedbugs as a result. Not know what bedbug bites are, I shrugged it off at first as a random rash, but by the end of my stay, it was pretty obvious I'd been assaulted by the little critters. 

I brought this to the attention of the hotel management, both in person and via letter, but they weren't particularly interested in dealing with it. I also made corporate Marriott aware of it by both phone, email, and letter, all of which were (surprisingly, especially given that I am a "titanium" Marriott member) roundly ignored. In fact, I never got a response from anyone, either at the hotel or from Marriott. So, take your chances at this hotel; there are plenty of other choices, most of which probably don't have bedbugs.
This hotel is right next to the Liberty Bell and is a great location to stay while visiting Philadelphia. The entire hotel was just renovated so everything is pretty much new. The check in desk is very small and a bit hard to find, but you will only need it once, so ok. There is self-parking available next to the hotel for $28 a night.
The heating/cooling system is either or, so my room was hot. The window did open, but they had not replaced them during the renovation, so I wonder if they were able to close it after I left.
I would not recommend that you have packages delivered to the hotel. One of mine was lost for several days. This might have been the fault of USPS, but it was an issue.
Great location! Amazing staff! Even with the pandemic everyone is very attentive and always pleasant! Gerele is fantastic! No complaints!
This hotel is an absolute PERFECT place to stay if you are visiting the historic sites of Philadelphia.  It's just a couple of blocks from the Liberty Bell and Independence Hall, oh, and the hotel is great.  The staff is so friendly and helpful--I really can't say enough about them.  My room was clean, comfortable and spacious.  I appreciated the several conveniently place outlets--no hunting for a place in this room to charge your phone or plug in the iron.  Also, the individually packaged Aveda soap bars and assorted toiletries were even a step above the usual Paul Mitchell standards.  I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.
I am a Marriott Lifetime Gold Member. That means I have over 500 nights at Marriott properties, so I've been around all the different brands. I prefer the Renaissance brand for family outings as they usually have a restaurant, coffee choices(latte, cappuccino etc..) 
This hotel was really good. The location can not be beat for tourism. It was a 3 min walk to Independence Hall. A 5 min walk to Liberty Bell, Constitution Center, Philadelphia Mint. Also a short walk to Sonny's Famous Cheesesteaks! 
The one complaint I have was that when we arrived we were told the on site restaurant had a private party and we could not eat there that night. As that is one reason why I choose Renaissance properties,convenience, I felt it was an inconvenience to us. 
Also, as another reviewer stated, this was the only Renaissance I have stayed in that didn't have a Concierge level for Gold and Platinum members. 
I will say, and I told a manager this before we left, that the staff at this hotel were the absolute best! From the valet service, bar staff, breakfast staff, check in, maintenance...EVERYONE was so polite and courteous. Overall, it was the best staff experience I have ever had in all my stays. 
Great job all!
There were cockroachs in my room. When I told the woman at the desk she said she would let maintenance know - that was it! Try sleeping with that in your head. So gross and obviously the last time I stay here.
Location! Location! Location! I came to Philadelphia for work and normally stay downtown, but when I saw that the hotel was a block from Liberty Hall, I knew I wanted to switch it up. The staff was so helpful when I asked about leaving my bags to go walk around, and even gave a few tips on how to see things without doing the museum tour.

Breakfast in the morning was a little disappointing, but that should probably be a review of Chez Ben instead of the hotel. Staff wasn't overly friendly... ordering a cappuccino instead of regular coffee apparently was not very appreciated.
Checked in early at 1045am our room was ready. Very nice. We parked right in front and used the valet. We are here for two nights. The staff are friendly, helpful and all smiling. 

We got upgraded to a corner room looking south southeast, partial views of the Delaware. Also very nice.

We had late breakfast in the lobby restaurant. Good selections and food service in a very comfortable setting. We were given two vouchers for breakfast Sat & Sun which we used. Breakfast was good. 

A negative is no robes available. Typically this level Marriott hotel normally supplies robes. While we intended to check out the pool we never got the chance it did look nice.

The location of this property is ideal if you are doing anything around Olde City or the historic sites. Plenty of great restaurants within easy walking distance. There was live music in the lobby bar on Friday nite. Service was great throughout the hotel.

The room was comfortable and quiet during our stay. Bathroom was clean and everything worked fine. Price is comparable for similar properties.

A nice place to stay for a short trip into town.

Mark.
Had a great experience staying here on vacation. Staff was very friendly. It's located in the perfect area if you're looking to be a tourist like I was.  Manager of guest services Giancarlo was so helpful and nice. I left almost all of my clothes there after I checked out. He personally helped me and my clothes were already shipped back to my house before I was even home from vacation! Great hospitality. They are also dog friendly!
I rated my stay a 3 because it was a pretty average experience. 

The location of the property is just FANTASTIC; it's literally right next to Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell center, a few blocks from the Penn's Landing waterfront, close to city hall, and not far from South Street with tons of different restaurants, shops, etc. I don't think any hotel in Downtown Philly is better situated.

The parking situation is a bit odd. The hotel advertises valet service but when you pull up there is no one readily available to provide that service (you have to go inside); however, there is a public parking garage literally around the corner and the rates are cheaper than the valet anyway (and FYI, the hotel uses that garage for valet as well, so you might as well save yourself the valet cost). 

The hotel was clearly recently renovated and the rooms are uniquely and nicely decorated, and very fitting for the Philly culture and feel. My only gripes here are that the Black accent walls can make the room feel a bit dark and the lack of storage space is strange for a hotel (there's only like 2 small drawers and a SUPER tiny closet); seems an odd design choice when the room clearly has ample space to accommodate more storage. The hotel definitely has the feel of a smaller boutique hotel, which is nice if you enjoy that kind of experience.

The service was decent, but not as stellar as I've come to expect from a Renaissance Hotel. My biggest gripes (other than the delays in waiting for an elevator since they're small and the restrictions are to have only 2 people at a time in them or one party) were the lack of basic amenities that you would expect from a 4-star hotel, like having a little shop to pick up essentials or even vending machines.

Also, my husband and I have stayed at a few hotels during this covid era and it didn't seem like the hotel takes the cleanliness and disinfecting of public spaces and rooms as seriously or thoroughly as other hotels. We never once saw anyone wiping down anything in public spaces (and we were in and out of the hotel for 3 days straight) and we even saw one of the housekeepers cleaning one of the rooms on our floor without wearing a mask. I did provide this feedback to the hotel and someone got back to me right away, which was nice.

All in all, not a bad stay.
Exceptional hotel. Great location. Staff was wonderful during every encounter. Will certainly stay there again.
Great hotel and location. All of the staff during the day are polite but the front desk guy checking you in late night is awful. Very rude. Was considering staying here every time I come to philly but he makes me think otherwise. He never wears a mask and he just acts very disrespectful and mean. I will choose a different hotel next time. Btw, he was working on 9/3 @ 1am just so ya know. Also, not the guy in the red shirt it's the guy that's behind the desk that checks you in. Plus, I think he's taking advantage of the empty rooms and letting his friends stay at the hotel. I recommend you look into it.
Zero stars if possible.

Michelle, the bartender doesn't wait on attractive women.
She literally cleared an empty glass right in front of me yet didn't acknowledge my existence.

Then she gave the man next to me his check but still did not wait on me.

I had to wait until the male bartender returned to get serviced.

The elevator goes down but only get light indicating it's an up elevator illuminates.

The toilet flushing has a screeching sound for five minutes after so don't dare use the toilet in the middle of the night because you won't get back to sleep.

They leave a giant cleaning cart outside the public restroom all day but nobody is cleaning it when it desperately needs cleaning because the handicap stall is backed up with fecal matter.

The manager Albert Washington doesn't care at all about your stay and it reflects all the way down to the bartenders.
