The location of this Residents Inn is perfect for a curious tourist in Philadelphia, city center near the famous historic sites. We were checked in with only a minor problem getting the key coded correctly. Elliott, our man helping with our bags, returned to the front desk and took care of the keys while we relaxed. Our one bedroom suite was perfect with a very comfortable and luxurious bed. Our two nights sleep was terrific, no noise, comfortable, wake up call on time, extra towels for the shower, kitchen perfect, coffee great. The free breakfast and evening buffets offered a selection of food helped us with weight management, were fresh and tasted great. Everything in the hotel was clean and in good repair. The staff was efficient but lacked the warmth we usually find at Marriott (minus one star). Next time we may try the Marriott Hotel around the corner but still recommend this place as above average.
I had such a great experience here.  This is my 3rd time bringing teens to the Made in America Festival and by far our best hotel.  It's in a central location walking distance from all major tourist sites including the festival.  I was able to park my car and never move it until we left.  The hotel followed all City of Philadelphia guidelines about mask wearing indoors and 6 feet of social distancing.  They still had the breakfast one would expect at a Residence Inn, but it was laid out in the lobby in the morning for takeaway.  They offered coffee, fresh fruit, yogurt, muffins, and granola bars.  
     The hotel has a comfy lounge on the second floor as well as a small lobby on the ground floor.  There is no open restaurant as of September 2021 but the fitness center is open.  
     What was exceptional about this hotel was the service and location.  We were surrounded by beautiful architecture and the staff was so pleasant.  I arrived much earlier than expected on Labor Day weekend 2021 and they allowed us to check in to our room prior to noon.  They also gave us late checkout (1pm) which was very accommodating.  It was a busy weekend for the hotel, but the staff took it in stride and was kind and helpful to everyone I saw them interact with.  This type of service keeps me coming back to Marriott.
I stayed here during the fall and enjoyed my visit. The room had a lovely view. It was quiet at night. The hotel elevator required a room key to enter each floor. It was an added safety measure that I greatly appreciated. This room had a refrigerator, complimentary movie theater popcorn and even a wine opener! This is the 1st hotel I stayed at that had a wine opener & I was pleasantly surprised. There was a lot of shopping and restaurants within walking distance. I forgot toothpaste and they had travel toothpaste that they gave me for free. I would definitely stay here again.
I would not stay at this property again. The location is convenient to Reading Terminal Market, the Convention Center, and Chinatown but the property is old and the rooms are small. Like European level small. There are so many hotels in Philadelphia, and in this area in particular, that I think you could do better just about anywhere else. The elevator key card system was glitchy and a pain to use. The room was very small, including the bathroom. Our friends stayed in a studio suite next to our room which was a good size, but the HVAC system was very noisy. The only good thing about our room (806) was the view of city hall. Aside from that, the front desk staff were very nice, so moving my review up to 3 stars.
I swear on the Book of Mormon next to my bed that this hotel is the pits. Why? Let me tell you about my first night...

Staying with two other people and I get the sofa bed. I move the coffee table away from the bed and my hand touches something pliable and sticky on the bottom. Yup, some idiot's old gum - and it feels fresh - is on the bottom of the coffee table! I'm tired - maybe I can sleep? Nope! The sofa bed has no sheets, blankets or pillows?

Hmmm...time to play Blue's Clues. Where are my bed linens?

In the closet? Nope!

Under the Book of  Mormon? Nope!

In the chest of drawers opposite the sofa bed? Nope!

Nowhere at all.

I call the front desk and the hotel says they'll bring things up right away.

1 minute, 2 minutes, 3 minutes, 4 minutes...20 minutes: NOTHING.

I call down and beg for the bed linens as I am exhausted and my companion is sick - the Residence Inn response: "OK!" delivered with attitude.

A stinky blanket and two yellow sheets are delivered, but there is not a pillow. I ask the employee for a pillow and I don't receive a pillow, but you guessed it, a sigh.

1 minute, 2 minutes, 3 minutes....10 minutes: NOTHING. 

Into the hallway I must venture in search of a pillow. I run into the same annoyed bed linens delivery man and he is carrying a SINGLE (and very tiny) pillow. Ughhh...too tired to argue.

I could also talk about the horrendously uncomfortable - even by sofa bed standards - sofa bed, cracked furniture, the worn carpeting, the out-of-date kitchen or....gross, that chewing gum on the coffee table again, but you get the point: this is not a well-managed hotel, and you can do better in Center City Philadelphia.

P.S. If you're reading this, Residence Inn, you probably want to get your toilets fixed. They run all night long, waste tons of precious water and keep everyone awake.
When i travel with my parents there is one rule.  I must have my own room.  Now this can be individual hotel rooms, a two bedroom suite or simply a suite with a pull out sofa in the living room.  I'm not picky... just can't handle snoring.  So i started to get very nervous when i arrived at the residence inn and they said that there was no two bedroom suite ready and asked if we would take a one bedroom with a pull out couch.  I started to flip out... until i realized they were giving us two.   So rather than our two bedroom, we got two rooms... fine by me! I thought it was really accomodating of the place.

Everything about this place was awesome.   I mean naturally its a residence inn so they have to make accommodations for people staying there a long time.  Typically you find a couple frozen stouffers meals and some soda and maybe some MGD 40s  in the downstairs fridge for purchase.  Not here!  They had lean cuisines, good wine, local microbrews and pretty much anything else you could want.  I really thought that was nice of them.

The rooms are so nice.  Very well maintained and come with popcorn!  The whole evening we kept talking about having popcorn when we got back.  They also have free breakfast, which was nice.... especially cause it included diet coke!  And was more than just a bagel and muffins.  They had eggs w/ cheese and peppers and onions (granted it was cheez wiz, but hey its Philly!) and hash browns and etc.  It was very good... and great for someone on a long stay.

the location is perfect and the atmosphere is great.  Overall i couldn't have asked for a better place to stay :)
Overall, I liked my stay here very much and I'd very likely stay again. 

You can't beat the location! They're right across the street from City Hall, a few blocks from the Convention Center, Rittenhouse Square and Reading Terminal Market (you should totally go BTW). Public transport is nearby to take you to the historic sights and the art museum or you could walk too. 

I like that you can choose a "normal" room if you're staying just a few days and don't need the kitchenette. I did that, and still had a microwave and refrigerator and paid just $117/night. That's a DEAL for something so centrally located. Breakfast is free and located on the 2nd floor, and there are tons of restaurants nearby for dinner. 

Room wise, my room was clean and somewhat small but I'm not complaining because the price was great. I will say that construction materials used were cheap because I could hear my neighbors like they were in the room with me. That was sucky because these people were in and out of their room like 50x in the middle of the night. 

Staff is great! Genuinely friendly and welcoming. Many thanks to Deanna and Tammi for good recommendations if things to do nearby. I'd stay again.
DO NOT STAY HERE. Employees like to steal things.

My sister (Sarah C) and I both had valuables stolen while staying here. Unfortunately I just noticed mine was missing (a gift card- that was in my wallet, in my purse, in my weekend bag).

They claim to have pulled the log for the locks and "no one entered". Yeah, sure. 

If your suite attendant is Tina, I highly recommend you leave NOTHING in your room. She will steal from you and she will get away with it because the hotel does nothing to help the paying customers.
Location was good and  bad.  Good in that it is a short 8 blocks from all the historical things to do and right next to Reading Terminal Market.  Bad in that there are a lot of homeless people and panhandlers.  The staff was great, helpful, and professional.  The room was pretty clean other than a bunch of big oil stains on the curtains.  We had a corner room  which had a very nice view.  With a kitchen, I expected the small possibility of cockroaches.  It actually did happen.  We were only staying a night so I didn't make a fuss about it.  Complimentary breakfast was nice....typical fan fare of scrambled eggs, sausage patties, grits & biscuit, and make your own waffles.  If you are parking overnight, I'd suggest parking in the garage near 100 Penn Sq. East.  It is only $16 for overnight, enter after 5pm and leave in the morning. 

Next time I'll probably just stay at the Courtyard next door if I am in Philly again.
I've stayed at this place last new year's eve.  It's really cool.  Big clean rooms a yummy complimentary breakfast.  I really liked it.
I really enjoyed my stay here! I was pleasantly surprised. I was a little skeptical upon booking this place, especially since I was able to get a pretty decent deal that made the nightly rate of this place significantly cheaper than other hotels in the area. While I was excited for the deal, I was a little nervous about why, but figured we'd give it a shot. Definitely happy with the gamble. This place was super clean, location is perfect (right across the street from City Hall and mere blocks away from the Terminal), and the staff were very friendly and accommodating. The free breakfast was also good! You get the real stuff: eggs, sausage, waffles...not just your basic continental stuff. Room came with its own little kitchen area and fridge that definitely proved beneficial to keep water/drinks in. The only thing I would complain about is the exorbitant amount of money they charge for parking, but they are on par with every other hotel in the area. It seems like no matter where you are in Philly, you will definitely pay a ton for parking. We opted to park in a lot at the terminal which was a bit cheaper than the valet at the hotel, so if you're budget conscious, you can try that.

I would stay here again without any qualms whatsoever. Great find!
I just stayed at this hotel for 3 days/2 nights. My flight got into Philly VERY early in the morning, but the employees at the front desk allowed me to check into my room (and get breakfast) since they had one available. I thought that was very generous - I have been in other situations where they enforce a very strict 3pm check in policy. The staff was very friendly and helpful. 

My room was clean and well kept. It's nothing fancy, maybe a little bit outdated, but everything smelled good and appeared freshly cleaned. The bed was comfortable, the shower had hot water/great water pressure, and besides the street noise during the day - it was very quiet.

The breakfast was really good for a hotel "free" breakfast. There were hot and cold items.. everything was great. :) 

The best thing about this hotel is its location. I was able to walk to almost every tourist attraction I wanted to see. City Hall is right across the street and it is incredible. There are also several restaurants within walking distance, as well. I have zero complaints about this hotel or the service I received.
I was highly unimpressed with this hotel. The only good things that are worthy of any praise were the morning breakfast and the location of the hotel, which even the latter is a bit confusing! 

The first thing I noticed when I walked in was the lack of any welcoming into the hotel. The staff was cold and curt and did not make me feel appreciative for my business. When I later called them to make requests they were even more rude. Not too sure what I did wrong, but clearly I was not welcome here even though I am a Marriott Bonvoy member, and a loyal one at that.

I also did not like the layout of the room, and the bed itself. The bathroom sinks are literally outside of the bathroom, and the showers have only a half glass door. Basically they want me to live and step in my own bath water, how disgusting. The bed was also incredibly uncomfortable and the room gets uncomfortably hot at inopportune times. 

Thankfully, I only stayed one night, but that was enough for me and this hotel.
Some of the staff are not friendly and the valet situation is atrocious. Valet didn't help getting our bags out and when I picked my car up I noticed they changed the radio station, moved the seat and adjusted the mirrors. Were you Parking my car or taking s joy ride? it takes 45mins to get your car out of the valet. I asked for a late check out and the front desk said "what time do you need to leave"? I replied that I'd like the latest check out I can get, which is typically 4pm for Marriott Titanium. The response I got was "what time do you need to leave" for a second time. It says on my profile that I'm titanium so this was unnecessary. Valet is $55 - totally not worth it and apparently there is $30 parking nearby. On the positive side the room was fine - one bedroom suite and it was clean.
We were assigned a nice high floor room with a nice view.  Unfortunately the kitchen sink had a leak in it and there were mold spots...which indicated the leak had been there for a while.

Being allergic to the mold, we requested a change in the room.  The lady I had spoken to on the phone was not very nice about granting my request for a room change. Instead she wanted to know what room I was in so she could send maintenance up to look at the leak. Obviously fixing a leak does not remove the mold problem, although she did not seem to care.

After a few hours, we went to the front desk to speak to someone in person.  This time we got someone different to talk to about the problem.  The second lady we spoke to allowed us to change rooms and told us that we did not need to rush while moving out of one room and into another room.

Breakfast at this hotel can be crazy. Make sure you get here early. There was always a line when I went down for breakfast around 830am-9am in the mornings.

Also, just a tip, if you make the reservation, it does not necessarily mean that your name stays on the reservation. Payment was made under another name, so my name was removed off the reservation without me knowing. It was very difficult for me to receive outside calls to my room because the hotel refused to patch the call through to me claiming I was not on the reservation.  If you plan to receive phone calls to the room, make sure your name is on the reservation.
I stayed at Residence Inn Philadelphia Center City while visiting downtown Philadelphia. The hotel is near city hall and is right next to Courtyard Marriot and Marriot downtown.

Free: Wi-Fi, Breakfast Buffet, Business Center, Gym, Lounge area on the second floor with free water and coffee, holds you luggage if you checked out early but want to explore the city for a few hours before leaving.

Room: Great view of downtown Philadelphia, Has a Kitchen, Two TVs, separate living room and bed room, super comfy bed and lots of pillows

Hotel: Near public transportation (Septa Buses and trains), close to restaurants (Chilis, Melting Pot), close to city hall, next to Seven Eleven and Dunkin Donuts.

I enjoyed my stay at Residenced Inn Center City Philadelphia. Everything was great. My only disappointment was the exterior of the hotel was not as nice as Courtyard Marriot or Marriot Downtown.
Had to stay here for one night on a business trip to Philadelphia. The hotel itself was nice, in a great location, and the staff was very friendly. 

The only problem I had was that it took me a minute to find. I walked around the block a couple times before finally realizing which door was the Residence Inn. There is another Marriott Hotel right next door, which aided in my confusion.

Once arrived and settled in, all was well. The room was nice and clean and there was minimal noise. There is a breakfast buffet on the second floor which was very convenient. The food wasn't bad either.

The valet is expensive, but there is a  parking garage less than a block away on Arch St for half the price!
This was our favorite hotel of the trip! Our check in was smooth and we got a free upgrade to the 26th floor! The room had fantastic views and high ceilings! The shower was great and the bed was super comfortable. The only drawback would be the $48 for parking (but I used my Marriott points and got the room for free, so no complaining here!). 

Super easy walk to the attractions (took us maybe 15 minutes) and right around the corner from Reading Terminal Market!
Customer Service: 5 stars: checked in on memorial 2019 day checked out 2 days later, great customer service! My ol man and i had miscommunication about continental breakfast, l.s.s. the lady over seeing breakfast kept the food open an additional 10 minutes to give him an opportunity to come down for breakfast. That was very thoughtful and kind of her. He didn't come down but i made food to take to him. The front desk people were considerate and helpful.

Location: 5 stars: about a 10 minute walk from china town, about a 10 minute walk to the reading terminal food plaza, 7-12 minute walk to a walgreens/wawa, and uber rides to historical sites and museums about $5-$10. Lots of eateries in the area and things to do. 

Hotel: 5 stars: the rooms are beautifully decorated and spacious.. our room was a queen/king bed with a sofa bed, and a fully loaded kitchenette with a view. The room was very clean and comfortable. 

Food: 4.5 stars: they offer continental breakfast and a light dinner. Docking .5 stars because the continental breakfast offered Turkey sausage and and some salty ass link sausage. Just put out bacon.. my son was in distress because they didnt have bacon lol the breakfast will leave you fulfilled and sustained all day, we didnt even have lunch because breakfast was so filling. the light dinner had veggie burgers on pretzel buns and sausages with buns and all the trimmings. They offered complimentary soft drinks as well. 

Overall: i would stay here again. Its a beautiful hotel that offered what we wanted.
This hotel is conveniently located in downtown Philadelphia by 13th Street station, which made commuting and exploring so much simpler. When you checked in, the front desk gives you two room cards/keys to be used for your room, elevators, gym, etc. In order to use the elevator to go onto any floor, you have to use your room card/key with exception of the 1st floor (lobby). 

I had to stay here for a week on a business trip. The service was really nice and friendly and my room was nicely sized, modern, cute, comfortable, and clean. It also came with a microwave and a mini fridge. They have happy hours on the 2nd floor in the evening from Monday to Wednesday. The food and drinks from happy hour can be brought to your room if desired. The gym is located in the basement and it even has a laundry room for those who want to to self-service laundry. The stay also came with daily complementary breakfast on the 2nd floor and the food was pretty fresh and legit. Overall, I had a good experience here and would recommend.
I've traveled all over the world and stayed in some really great hotels but this was a true delight and unexpected surprise. 

First off...the staff I encountered was truly pleasant. I was checked into one of the three suites on the 26th floor.. However the elevator only goes up 25 floors. I was informed I'd need to take another elevator up to 26. When asked why the disconnect for just 1 floor. I was told you'll be occupying the Al Capone floor. Not sure of the truth in #facts but it sounds good. Lol.  Sweeeeettt G'd Up....

The only downside about this hotel is the valet. Plan for a 30-40 min wait to retrieve your vehicle.
Stayed here for two nights & Residence Inn didn't disappoint. Here's why: 

- Clean & very spacious rooms 
- Free Wi-Fi 
- Free grocery delivery & breakfast buffet 
- Great service 
- Great views
- Super comfy bed & lots of pillows 
- Close to Reading Terminal, public transportation, shops, restaurants, historic hot spots, etc. 

I didn't have one complaint with this hotel and I enjoyed my stay here.
An unexpected last minute attending of a convention had us coming to Philadelphia. We got to town late & the Marriott, which hosted the convention was sold out. Ditto on the Courtyard by Marriott. I'm glad the other properties were sold out as the Residence Inn could not have been nicer.  I used to work for a company that handled hotel reservations for conventions, so I know how much hotels in the heart of town cost. Theresa at the front desk gave us a great room at a great price.Wished we could have stayed longer to enjoy the kitchen area & the convenient location. The kitchen is fully stocked with plates, silverware, & glassware. There's a stove, full size refrigerator (not one of those tiny ones that fit a couple of bottles of water & nothing else), & a dishwasher.

Normally I never get a good night's sleep at a hotel. The pillows are usually too soft. Both my husband & I commented on how comfortable the mattress & pillows were. Yes, the bathroom was a little small, but I was impressed how the sink had drawers so you could put your toiletries away instead of having them spread out on the sink.

What totally blew our minds was the free breakfast. Every hotels that we've been to that have free breakfasts serve them in tiny areas where you have to scramble for a seat. Breakfast is served in the Hearth Room which was a full-size restaurant. We grabbed a couple of seats by the window. It was very relaxing eating breakfast & having a view of the downtown area. 

Have to agree that the crowd on the nearby streets leaves much to be desired. It was late & we were hungry, so we were happy to find a Chili's about a block & a half away that was still open. On the way back, to the hotel, we saw three hookers. A car was parked on the same corner as the hotel, waiting for the women. There was a homeless guy sleeping across the street. Like someone else said, people on the street cannot be controlled by the hotel, of course.
Overpriced and subpar 
Stayed here for a work trip and left less than a quarter way through my stay. Asked each of 5 days I was there for a different room but the excuses they gave me as to why they couldn't were as weak as their abilities to resolve the issues 
The toilet clogged or overflowed with just paper in the bowl. Numerous other guests experienced similar plumbing issues. At least the water wasn't backing up in the bathtub like my coworkers rooms. 
Speaking of that, there was never any hot water, tried various times through out my stay. Thermostat was broken, it was always too hot or too cold. Rooms were dirty. Coworkers saw a mouse on one of the floors, I didn't see it. The customer service sucked. I don't care about my Marriott points. I will never stay at their establishment ever again.
This hotel would get four stars:

1) Nice valet guy (Kevin)
2) Nice rooms - and nice views. Very fun to have a room that is not set up like a traditional hotel room. This one felt like a small studio apartment. The bed was situated facing two walls of windows. I could look down and see Macy's.
3) They gave us a high floor, as requested and a king bed, as requested.
4) The room was fairly clean - I'm extremely picky and didn't call them for anything regarding cleaning.
5) They have decent pillows - and plenty of them.
6) Nice location.

But it gets 3 for these reasons:

1) Hotel front desk staff is not overly friendly. When I walked up to them on a few occasions to ask for items, they would just look at me and expect me to start talking. Maybe I'm just from the South, but I'm accustomed to having them say, "May I help you?" 
2) The valet parking fee is $42. Though one valet said it was $30/night and another said $35, but it is $35 + $7 tax = $42.
3) Water pressure blows.
4) Most important: I left a shoe there. One shoe. Called the hotel once I realized it and they cannot find it. They said no one has been in that room since I was there, yet no shoe. Guess that means housekeeping is either wearing one shoe, or they threw it away. Not acceptable. Why would someone just toss one shoe - that is almost brand new?
This is one of the worst hotels I've ever stayed at. There were so many things I didn't like about this hotel. Fist of all, the area of the hotel is trashy with ghetto drug addicts surrounding the area and right outside the building there are homeless people about to jump you for a dollar. Next, the hotel staff was ride and not helpful, they did not want to be there and acted annoyed if you ask a question. The elevators never worked and the doors would jam. The rooms were not clean and were stocked with pots, pans, silverware that were old, used up, and out of date. The customer service from the staff was poor. The food for breakfast was crap. The laundry machines and dryers did not work. The list of issues goes on and on about this place. I recommend finding a better place to stay.
This hotel stay was a 5 star stay until I  encountered valet. I'll cover the highlights first. 

My check in experience was pleasant. The staff was warm and helpful. They gave me great directions to a few local places and I always appreciate local insider suggestions. 

The room was clean and spacious. The couch and bed were comfortable and I had a great city view. 

Monday- Wednesday they offer an evening mixer on the 2nd floor. The appetizers are ample and 1 complimentary alcoholic beverage is provided as well. Breakfast is served in the same area daily. 

The location is superb. A grocery store is walking distance if you want to take advantage of the kitchenette. Otherwise, there are dozens of choices within a few blocks of the front door. 

Now, the valet...I didn't park here my first night. I'd already parked at a lot near a restaurant not far from the hotel and decided to leave the car there overnight and walk through the city instead. My second night, i pulled up to the valet area and lots of vehicles were already there. Seeing that it was busy, i expected to wait and had no problem with it. After about 7 minutes, the valet approached and asked if i was checking in. I said no. He responded by asking what am I trying to do. I respond that I'd like to park in valet. He repeats "so you're checking in" to which i again say no. He's rude and clearly irritated with me. He sighs and says ok, look, i have these 2 cars that need to be parked and a construction vehicle because they're doing work tonight and they're all ahead of you. I said, ok, what should i do? Should i come back or try to park elsewhere. I'm just trying to get to my room, so I'm ok either way. He tells me to wait here and walks off. 

Less than a minute later, a woman approaches my passenger side screaming. I let the window down and she continues screaming at me to move my car. I told her that valet just told me to wait here and he'd be back. She said "I'm valet and I'm telling you to move now!" Confused, i look around and see what my options are. There are cars in front of me and to my right. Traffic is on my left, so i can't immediately move. I scoot up a bit to show a good faith effort, but really have nowhere to go. Another minute later, the car in front of me moves and the male valet returns and says that he'll put my car somewhere. I asked was he going to park it or just put it somewhere. He said he needs to figure out where he can put it so it'll be a bit. I reply that i can park elsewhere if valet is full. He cuts me off and tells me that he'll take care of it. I say that I'll just go try to park at another place. He pulls out the valet tickets and tells me he'll give me a ticket and that i can't park anywhere else. I ask if other hotels are open for parking. He repeats that i have to park with him. I know this isn't true because i self parked 4 blocks away the night before. He continued to tell me in an aggressive manner that i had to park with him. I said that I'll just try to park on my own and before i could finish the sentence he slammed my door and walked off. 

Unacceptable. Unprofessional. Rude. Dangerous.
Onder at the front desk was wonderful!!!Super friendly staff & great location!  Would definitely recommend.
Marriott typically does a good job. Another example of a bad training of a hotel manager. 

1. Empty the trash.  This should be a no brainer.  Basic 101 for room cleaning. Because I was looking, under the beds could use a vacuum more than once a year too. 

2. The must have paid very little for the room remodel.  If you can't see, that's a poor job of taping off or prepping for paint. The speckles are a result of no drop cloth or improper cleanup.  

3. We paid $55 for valet parking. During check in attendant told us we were better off parking in a local lot...  I expected some help on unloading and loading our bags.  No way.  The last photo is the valet looking off into space.  

Marriott district manager.  You need to see your properties more often.
It's funny, because when I checked in first and called the hubs, I told him I wished we were staying longer, joking that the suite might be larger than our NYC apartment. Yet when we left the next day, we swore we would never come back.

First off, the front desk staff was lovely. They actually asked if I wanted an upper or lower floor.  Upper, thanks!

The suite was huge, with a full kitchen, which is awesome when you have to do more than 3 nights. Not that you would cook in a hotel room, but a big fridge that makes ice is helpful. It was clean and the bed was pretty comfortable. We had a great view of City Hall. 

What went wrong? So we get back to the Inn after dinner, the cab drops us off on the south side of Market St. and we cross the street toward what looks like a reunion of beauty school dropouts. We get to the doors of the hotel to find them all locked, except one in which a "girl" was posed, red light district style, in the doorway. She tells us that you need your room key to get in and ever so helpfully moves, so that we can unlock the door. You know where this is going right? She busts in behind us and lets all her "girl friends" in so they can meet their other "girlfriend" who is dressed in, I kid you not, a black lowcut body suit and black control top pantyhose. That's it. Other than a long, jet black wig. She is yelling "they is waiting!!" and they all pile into the elevator. We decline to take that elevator. I say to the security guard, a tiny old woman who looks like Hans Moleman from the Simpsons - "Hey - that's a hooker! Is that okay here?" She says nothing (maybe she couldn't hear me) and we go upstairs, vowing if there's any trouble to call the police rather than "security."

Look, I'm not gonna judge how you make your money. It was a quiet and trouble free night. But that doesn't change my mind about a place that allows that sort of business in my hotel yard.
I booked this hotel about three months prior to my stay for a conference and they cancelled my reservation less than two weeks from the start of the conference. They provided a poor excuse for why they cancelled and some of the worse customer service you can imagine. It turns out that since it is an extended stay hotel they can just cancel your reservation if someone decides to extend their stay. That would have been nice to know before I booked. I would have booked any of a number of hotels that were available at the time. Now they want to book me a room miles away and expect me to take a shuttle through downtown Philly traffic. 

All in all, this comes down to trust and customer service. They failed at both. Stay away if you actually need a room. They do not honor reservations.
I like this place. Clean. Good view. Breakfast buffett is good. Warm food. Pretty classy actually. You have to pay $50 valet mandatory as there is no other parking around. Unless you park far away and walk.
Close to city and reading terminal market, 10 blocks from South Street & Street Market. 3 blocks from Liberty Place Mall and chinatown. Hence in middle of everything.

No seats in check in area, second floor is the sitting area. 

Delicious breakfast! Real potatoes, eggs, and more! FREE too! 7 days a week. I believe there's free dinner, but only from Monday to Thursday night. (Menu included)

24/7 coffee is disgusting, only drinkable coffee is during the breakfast time.

The air conditioning is very weak, i could feel the humidity in our room. Wet towels would never dry. 

Every room comes with kitchen.
I was excited to come to this hotel because it seemed very fancy from the outside. However, past the lobby, the rooms are very ordinary. I don't mind staying here, but I was not wowed. 

Upon entering the hotel, you reach a very elegant lobby. The front desk is very kind and also very accommodating to your needs. I was placed on the 20th floor.

When I got to my room, it smelled very musty. The furniture looks worn down and the rooms are quite small. Besides the carpeting (there was random white fuzz on my ground), the room did seem very clean though, which is basically my most important criteria for a hotel. Therefore, I would stay here again (and I have).

They have kitchens in every room so if you travel a lot like me, that can be helpful. Front desk is honestly SO NICE and this place is very home-y. It definitely isn't a standout hotel, but if you're here long term it's a nice place to call home while you can.
My mom is staying here during the month of September for job training... this translates into a vacation with free hotel for me!

Excellent location. It's right next to City Hall, and within walking distance to Reading Terminal Market, Independence Hall, Chinatown, South Philly, and pretty much anything else you could want to see in Philadelphia.

Spacious rooms. My mom's room has a living room, kitchenette, dinette, and 2 queen sized beds?

Complimentary breakfast (7 days a week) AND dinner (Mon-Wed)! The breakfast buffet includes everything from breakfast pastries, to home fries, eggs, and sausages, to hot/cold cereal, and a DIY waffle station!

My mom has some issues with the noise coming from the traffic downstairs at night. I hardly noticed though, and I don't think it would be any issue if you were staying on a higher floor.
Theft by employee...WARNING!

My mother, sister, and I stayed at the Residence Inn this past weekend while we explored Philadelphia. The hotel has a fabulous location and a free breakfast....but - there is no room safe and you should take this into account before spending a single dime at this hotel.

I had the misfortune of losing the backing to one of my diamond stud earrings while out one evening. Since I couldn't wear the earrings and there was not a safe in the room, I placed my earrings into a change purse and put the change purse into my handbag. I then left my handbag in my room when we went downstairs to have breakfast. Upon arriving back in our room, I happened to look into the change purse and find that my diamond earrings were "missing". 

I immediately went to the lobby and reported the theft. I also asked that the Philadelphia police be called as I am aware that there is little a hotel can/will do when there is theft in one of their rooms. After coordinating with the hotel security and filing a police report, I returned to the room to find.....the earrings magically have reappeared on a bed in the suite! Seriously. 

The hotel security guard said that the hotel would pull the room records to identify every card used to access my suite. This should make it abundantly clear who STOLE my diamond earrings and then returned them when they realized that I checked my luggage before leaving and knew the theft occurred within my suite.

Bottom line - until this hotel addresses the theft that was VERY CLEARLY executed (by terminating the housekeeping staff member who access the suite), I cannot recommend anyone stay here.  I'd also recommend the hotel invest in room safes to protect their guests.
I am definitely a fan of the Residence Inn by Marriott in Center City Philly.  I had previously stayed at their neighbor the Courtyard by Marriott in Center City Philly but I was equally happy with my experience at both.  A friend of mine was getting married in Philly and had a few "discounted" hotels listed on her website.  Oddly enough the Residence Inn was not one of her choices, however gave us a better price because we were staying a little longer in the city than most of her expected guests.  The noticeable difference between the Courtyard and Residence Inn when you first walk in is the size of the lobby.  Much smaller than the Courtyard, however much less crowded and shorter check-in line than the Courtyard.  The staff was very cheerful and pleasant at this hotel.  The gentlemen checking us in was very accommodating and was able to give us a room with a nice view of city hall.  And the staff during the morning hours at breakfast was very cheerful as well in the dining room.  Made me feel like they actually enjoyed their jobs.  Even though my husband and I were at breakfast on the later side there was still plenty of hot and fresh food available.  The room was perfect size for what we needed when getting ready for our friend's wedding.  The doors for the bathroom were a little strange and probably would have looked better as just a sliding door, however the bed was very comfortable and so was the ambiance.  Would definitely recommend this hotel for an overnight stay in Philadelphia.
valet parking never answers the phone so you have to wait a half hour to get your car. most of the people at the desk are rude, poor customer service
It's a good looking hotel with staff that seem to be incredibly competent. I say that because I had a few requests that were difficult, borderline annoying even by my standards, and they were able to accommodate me with little fuss.

The rooms were nice, but with a few defects (shower head was a bit broken) but nothing substantial. I would say my biggest complaint about the hotel is the parking and traffic situation. Since the hotel is situated right in the square, navigating with a vehicle is a bit of a pain.

That being said, my Platinum upgrade was pretty sweet- I had a view of the town hall from my window, the staff was pleasant, and the breakfast and night-time meals are great.

Oh, actually, my biggest complaint was the internet. They had PAINFULLY SLOW wireless (8.11b). SO SLOWWWWW!!
Very much enjoyed my stay here. Upon check-in, I was upgraded to a very spacious room with a wonderful view on the 19th floor. Room had a menu for Chili's room service (yay!) and they have something where you can fill out a shopping list and it will be delivered to your room. Staff were all helpful, warm, and welcoming. 

They had complimentary food on the 2nd floor for the nights I stayed, but I think it is a regular weekday thing. I know that on Monday it was tacos and Wednesday was desserts. Complimentary breakfast was very good and had a lot of options. 

One of the reasons I chose to stay at this Marriott over others in the area was because it was the cheapest in Marriott rewards points and it had a complimentary breakfast. Great value for the $$. Great location, too. Was able to walk to both Independence Hall and the Mutter Museum.  

Only thing negative I have to say is that the room was a bit old-looking and the bathroom light kept flickering. Also, the lamp on the bedside table did not work; neither lights nor outlets on the lamp base were functional. Also, the Chili's room service menu is outdated. Called to order and the employee informed me that some of the items were discontinued/replaced.
My family has stayed here twice with another coming up this week. We've always had an enjoyable stay; the only negative has been the last time in our dealing with the staff.
  The rooms are nice (although it seems a little pricey) especially the suites with two bedrooms that are very nice for a family. Having a kitchen is also very  helpful (especially with young kids) and is nicely stocked with the necessary utensils. The pool is a little small, though.
  The location is great, especially in the summer when the Phlash bus stops right out front of the hotel. It's also within a nice walk of the Reading Terminal Market, center city sights, Franklin Institute, etc. Valet parking is also available.
  The only problem we had was that VIP tickets that were promised to us (for the Star Wars exhibit at the Franklin Institute and my son's favorite) were not waiting for our arrival, after we confirmed with the hotel staff by phone TWICE prior to our arrival. The staff at the desk just shrugged it off and didn't even try, until I yelled at them and then they got 2 tickets for a family of 3. It's as if they lied to us and just didn't care about the outcome.
  After much complaining, they did give us 3 VIP tickets to the Pirates exhibit, so we'll see if they can redeem themselves.
  Overall, though, our problem was unique (I hope) and the hotel is definitely worth it if you are visiting Philly, especially with kids.

Update 8/5/08
The hotel came through with our free VIP tickets, and even had our room ready at 11am for us.
  The stay was as good as usual, and we even had the larger handicapped room (although the shower in it was weird and leaked all over the floor-I would avoid it).
  The pool is now gone but the staff were apologetic about it and said lots of people and staff were upset by its removal. Overall, though, the desk staff are only okay, while the valet guys and especially the staff you meet in the halls are extremely friendly and helpful. If only the desk staff were this good, then the place would be nearly perfect.
  Oh, and parking is now $42 a night.
Perfect centrally located location. Just steps from the Convention center and Reading Terminal. The staff was helpful and friendly. Great morning breakfast with warm buffet and make your own waffles. Rooms with full kitchen and clean. Free/good WiFi. They have AAA discounts when you get your room. $50 night for super friendly and simple valet parking.
I am Platinum Elite with Marriott and stay at their properties all over the country.  I was so disappointed by this property that I checked out early and moved to another property for the remainder of the week.  I will be traveling to Philadelphia each week for all of 2016 and would never consider staying here again.  During my last stay, I returned to my room at 4pm to find that my room hadn't been cleaned.  After two calls to the front desk someone from housekeeping finally arrived.  I was forced to stand in the hallway for 20 minutes while my room was cleaned.  The hotel responded to my concern by stating that they would try and have my room cleaned by a requested time IF I stopped by the front desk each morning and made the request.  Really?  The burden of having my room cleaned by a reasonable hour MIGHT happen if I ask the front desk EVERY morning?  I think now.  This was the first time in 20 years of business travel that I have ever checked out of a hotel early because of poor service and inattentive staff.
4 Stars for the location, 2 stars for the niceness and ambiance. Yes, you are paying for the location here. You are across the street from City Hall and central to all things Philadelphia. However, the crowd on the nearby streets and overall feel of the hotel leaves much to be desired.

The people on the street cannot be controlled by the hotel of course. Although there are a fair amount of homeless panhandlers nearby. But the ambiance can be changed. The rooms need updating and for what you're paying aren't as nice as other Residence Inns.

The highlights are the staff, who will go out of their way for you, and the breakfast, which has a nice ambiance on the second floor. The spread is decent and slightly better than other Residence Inns.
My room is HUGE!  Seriously, ENORMOUS!  I lucked out and was given a handicap room and I feel like I have my own little mini apartment.  Its pretty sweet when you are living out of a hotel room for a month because of work.

The staff is wonderful and have been more then accommodating to some of the theatrics of my co-workers.  The majority of the complaints have been about the furniture.  Sure, everything in my room is pretty old, but my bed is extremely comfortable and I have had no issues sleeping at night because of noise.

This is not the place to stay if you are looking for something hip.  The Residence Inn is purely functional, and I have no complaints about it in that department.  The neighborhood around the hotel shuts down at night, but you don't have to walk too far to find something fun.
Average.

Hotel has a great location. Center City, close to lots of attractions and transportation.

The hotel itself is in a beautiful old building.  That being said, it's an old building.  Elevators can be slow, rooms can be cramped and noisy.  Some overhauls wouldn't hurt.

The rooms are fairly standard RI city rooms.  

The staff is friendly and helpful.  However, they don't appreciate your gold or platinum status much here.  

The breakfast is less than average.  Yes, they have the same old runny eggs, meat, and assorted bread products. Meow ever, the bread options are less than appealing (would it hurt to spend a few extra bucks to get fresh whole grain bread).  No vegetables to be found.  The evening meals are not worth attending.  Again, less than appeal "salad" and things they called burgers but did not appear to be any sort of meat I recognize.  The best thing on the spread was the potato chips.  I don't know why Marriott can't make a little more effort in their RI meals.  It would go a long way to appealing to frequent travelers considering a switch to a healthier chain like Westin.

Cleaning the rooms seems to be hit or miss here.  Half the time I don't get my room cleaned- I honestly thought maybe it was their thing not to clean rooms...

If I have to I stay here, but I do think it's time to explore more options in Philly.
This was my first stay at a Residence Inn and definitely not my last!  It's more of a long term rental but I think it's a great alternative to even a hotel suite. 

ATMOSPHERE:
It's a simple lobby area, but what makes this place shine are the location, amenities, and rooms.  It's located near City Hall, meaning close to the SEPTA train line to the airport, Reading Terminal Market & station, shopping & tons of restaurants.  There's a convenient 24-hour 7Eleven right next door. 

ROOM:
It's very clean and laid out like a small apartment.  There's a small kitchenette with stand up refrigerator & freezer with ice maker, 2 burner stove top, sink, dishwasher, microwave, toaster, coffee maker, pots, pans, cups, plates, utensils, knives, cutting board, can & bottle openers, corkscrew, measuring spoons, and paper towels.  So convenient!  My only gripe is that the a/c temperature couldn't be adjusted precisely.  The numbers changed on the thermostat but the air just blew really cold.  I had control of the fan speed only. 

The living room shares the room with the kitchenette and has a small dining table with 2 chairs, pullout sofa, single sofa, desk, coffee table, and flat panel HDTV. 

The bedroom has another flat panel HDTV with a comfy double bed & closet with iron & board. 

The bathroom has one sink and a separate water closet with a shower/tub with great water pressure and quick drain, and mounted hair dryer. 

SERVICE:
Bell men & front desk staff were friendly & helpful.
I had a really bad experience with this hotel. Not only was the staff extremely rude on matters regarding being woken up and yelled at when I had the do not disturb sign on my door but I had a significant bedbug problem.
I ended up with a series of bites on my leg and a manager that tried to deceive me, hush up my concerns and treat me like I was paranoid. they told me they had their bug service check the room once, which was a lie. The next night there were additional bug problems. I pressed the issue and was treated as if I was being paranoid. I ultimately got a call as I was returning to my apartment that they did indeed find adult bedbugs in my room and that I should throw away my luggage and dry clean everything I had.
Both the management at this hotel and marriott management in general were horrible in the way they handled this!
The hotel is located in a very nice location especially for us tourists. It just fulfills my dream to live right in the center of the city next to some nice buildings. =) This Residence Inn is more modern and updated compared to other Residence Inn's. It comes with a 42" (?) LCD TV and a King size bed with nice beddings. Since the rooms are not as big as the usual residence inn, the room layout is a little strange. However, the bed is facing a window which is pretty cool. The complementary breakfast have some better items too, and 24/7 in lounge coffee tea is a plus.
However, they charge $42 per day for parking... well, I guess we had no other options.@@ But all the staff in the hotel are nice, and that made up for it.
The room rate was incredibly reasonable. The staff were welcoming and helpful. If you are traveling on business, you often don't know when and where you can grab a meal so having a full kitchen in the room where you store and make your own meals is a great help. Having a full breakfast buffet on site for free is another great perk. I highly recommend this hotel and would give five stars is I could have gotten the room temperature regulated a bit better. It was either freezing or too hot, other than that...thumbs up!!!
The front desk clerk told us this Residence Inn was the only one without two-bedroom units... but swiftly gave us a double-upgrade to perfectly lovely one-bedroom units.

The hotel is in an old office building directly east of City Hall, so the location is excellent.  At street level there is a 7-11, Dunkin Donuts and Subway restaurant... and a lot of homeless.  But an omni-present security guard in the lobby made us feel perfectly safe.  Valet parking is available but expensive.

Breakfast is in a huge 2nd floor lounge and was the usual R.I. fare.  Rooms were quiet but windows do not open and AC is strong.
Overall OK! Appearance was nice however their level of service was nothing notable (not saying it was bad just not impressionable). We wanted to change rooms because we needed a kitchen and they were accommodating since it was the same price and available. 3 stars for great view, location, decent presentation, and breakfast options. Not a 4stars because they did nothing really to stand out and we used valet parking and upon getting the car back it smelled like marijuana. We did not call to complain but decide we will just go somewhere else next visit. Not a bad place to stay just need to step things up to match competition.
Good Breakfast, Great Location, the rooms are very quiet because this building is a former bank building converted into a hotel so you really cannot here any noise from other rooms.

The only two negatives would be the elevators are very slow when the hotel gets full and this hotel has the worst sofa bed mattresses of any hotel the I've stayed at with Marriott.

Other than that if you traveling with children this hotel has got the chops for a nice stay in Center City.
Hotel was decent , cleaning people need to reup shampoo etc. was there for 7 days and won't go back ...mainly because you have to step over homeless when you go in and out. Outside is like a third world country...and even as a Platinum Elite member I was not offered an upgrade that many of my coworkers got.
(originally written in early April)

I've been at this Residence Inn now since the middle of March and having been a Marriott customer / member since the 90s I will give this one a passing graded four--but not the full five, and I'll tell you why. 

First of all, the lobby is a disaster from a previous era, dark, like a bank or office building from 100 years ago. To its defense, the building itself is rather old and it looks like it, but the Courtyard next door and the Circ both commanded lobby entrances that blew this one out of the park and the Hilton Logan has a spectacular lobby with multiple seating areas. The Inn? Barely two sofas, which is a no-no in any lobby situation, flanked by smaller square ottomans. You have to go to the second floor... more on that later. 

Secondly, the food-amenities. Marriott's extended stay hotels all give you access to the food and beverages area in the dining court even after breakfast, in case you want a big cup of coffee (always kept at or near freshly brewed) or perhaps an apple. Even small Marriotts offer either small pastries or warm cookies at the lobby during afternoon hours. This one did not... it close its doors on cue at 9:30 on mornings, 10:00 am on weekends. However, I will excuse it because after all, this is downtown Philly, and you can't go amiss with the eats, all within walking distance. Even so sometimes you just don't feel like walking out, especially on storm days (and we have had a couple). That little extra special would have come in handy. 

Also, nary a bar in sight. It's there--just not currently open. It looks forlorn and dejected. 

Now, where the hotel gets plus points is the service. I was able to procure a room with next to no advance by the manager who went out of his way to accommodate me. The location was exactly what I needed for someone unfamiliar with Philadelphia; my commute was cut to next to nothing since I worked in the vicinity: walking distance to Rittenhouse Square, Reading Terminal, Old Town, and the Gayborhood, but staff members still recommended I use the metro which again was on point. The room, for this type of building, was on the tight side but for me, functional and comfortable, with excellent views of City Hall and Market Street. Also worthy of mentioning is the second floor lounge area which compensated for the lack of seating space on the lobby--a guest has a wide option selection of where to sit and either relax while watching television mornings after breakfast or during their evening food services or simply enjoy the view of the Loop. 

I also think that the Residence Inn could make use of the street level for either a comfy Starbucks or local coffee shop and or a cute bistro instead of those hideous stores that really cheapen the locale. Yes, tourists and travelers might gravitate to the 7-11, eyewear store (is that what it is). gift shop, Dunkins, and Subway; I personally would remove them and place an eatery that would a) be perfect for hotel guests and b) a coffee place like the aforementioned Starbucks that could afford the same. Or why not--place a Starbucks where that empty bar is, have it open from 6:00 am to 8:00 pm, and you have a more active second floor (and caffeine-happy guests). And with three Marriotts so close, perhaps have some arrangement where guests of one could go to the other and not have to pay as an outside person.
"Hmm, death by mini-bar. How glamorous." -- My Best Friend's Wedding (1997)

I'm a Marriott girl - I prefer to only stay in Marriott properties. I have stayed in many hotels over the years - Courtyard, Residence Inns, Springhills, Renaissances, etc. This was, by far, the biggest disappointment.  A converted bank in Philly, it is in serious need of an overhaul. The staff is nice and friendly. But that could not overcome a lot of the smaller issues. 

The showers have that rain-type shower head - which means no water pressure. The shower has two temperatures - steaming hot and cold. If a neighboring room takes a shower - there is an annoying whistle in your room.  The bathroom itself is so tiny, it barely fits the shower and the toilet. The sink it outside of the bathroom, in the bedroom area... and I had a suite.

The bed was super soft and I can still feel it the next night - they told me I had a feather-free room, but I found feathers on my PJs the next morning.  Good news is that I do travel with my own pillow, so my allergies were not affected too much since they were not near my head.  The suite/living room area was comfy and I didn't use the kitchen - but it was stocked with dishes/plates and was clean.

The walls and doors are kind of dingy with some water damage and peeling paint at the bottoms. The air conditioning - I had the fan running on High and set at 65 yet the room was always hot and muggy when I walked in... These are things I don't expect in a Marriott and not for $200 a night.  They can do much better.

The breakfast buffet was poor stocked at all times. Eggs - gone. Waffles - gone. Mcmuffins - gone. And the place was mass hysteria at all times.  I won't stay at this property again on my next trip - maybe the Courtyard next door...or something else in the area.
This is my second time staying at Residence Inn by Marriott Philadelphia Center City but my first time staying since they renovated. I stayed here more than 8 years ago. 

Based on my memory, the hotel was a lot older and the rooms were a lot smaller but newer than I remember.

Breakfast - due to covid, breakfast is grab and go. Breakfast includes yogurt, granola bar, apple, muffin and coffee the morning of my stay.

Gym, Business center and laundry - on the lower level. I didn't get a chance to use any of the amenities during my stay. See my pictures for the view.


Room - room was clean. I went on a Labor Day weekend and it was packed. So they put me in a handicap room. It was fine because it just had a bigger bathroom.

Security - they have a security guard on the first floor at night. That is because there is more homeless next to the 7/11 next door. It gets worst at night.

Covid situation - everyone had to wear a mask. During my stay I noticed nurses staying at the hotel. Not sure if they are helping out the covid situation at nearby hospital. Also an Asian couple asked to take the elevator alone even thought everyone had a mask on.

Overall, a good stay because it is at a central location. 20 minute walk to liberty bell and close to Amtrak and bus station. The reason for the 3 star review is due to the amount of homeless people outside the hotel all day long. So it is a little concerning considering you are paying around $200 a night.
Location really is everything and this hotel is right in the heart of everything. I stayed here on business but was able to enjoy all of the sights the city has to offer with everything being in walking distance. There were many great restaurants nearby and the convenience of having so many stores nearby really made this stay even better. Now the hotel itself was not bad overall. Some areas do seem a little dated but the rooms are fine. I had no service issues. I will definitely be staying here again.
Worst Hotel ever!!!  4 stars, feels like you've got to be a total sucker to believe that bull.  Check in is horrible.  Took almost an hour to drive a city block because valet guy is continuously waiving in oncoming traffic into the parking lot and you sit forever.  Check in is a clown show.  Lines going on forever.  Hotel is one really old turd.  Have better stays at motels than this run down piece of crap.  The cherry on top was being woken up by the glass fire alarm with Thea noting repeated message.  Sure, fine, that shit happens.  Finally, after what seems like forever they confirmed it was a false alarm.  Guess what the next treat is.  The never ending message that it was a false alarm and the endless annoying message that it was a false alarm that went on way too long.  Yes? I would like to resume my activity called sleep that your message said a to resume, but I can't because you won't stop your all clear message. Never, ever, again at this property.  Avoid it like your life depends on it.
This hotel I have to say was overall a very pleasant surprise. Its exceptionally clean, perfectly situated and the staff is incredibly friendly and attentive. The only negative part of the stay is that there seems to be like a hundred person muslim family staying there right now, with all the women in full burkas... and they've taken over the place, being incredibly loud hanging out all night in the hallways and in the lower level lounge, letting their kids run wild and just being overall unruly. I dont know how long they are residing there, if its short term or long term, but that was the only negative of this place. It was clear other guest were getting annoyed by them as well...But not the hotels fault. Although I think they should try to contain them a little because they really act like its their personal home.
LOVE IT! Free wi-fi, free breakfast buffet and a greaaaaaaaat view with nice room space. The rooms had a kitchen and I LOVED IT.   My rooms had windows almost all around, corner spot- pretty amazing!  

The area was really pretty and I am so glad to have stayed here!!
I usually don't post reviews for hotels but I had to for this one! My flight was delayed so late my original reservation at the Sheraton was cancelled and they gave my room to someone else & told me they could not accommodate me. At this point I was calling around/driving around downtown desperately searching for a hotel with rooms available. I finally end up here and the security guard lets me in and the lady front desk REALLY looked out for me. Initially I was told there were no rooms available but then she made a phone call and from there worked with me!! The customer service here is great, my room was amazing and the front desk and housekeeping is very responsive. Also, a great location! Everything you need is pretty much walking distance away. A 7/11 and Dunkin Donuts and subway are attached below this building. Street parking is available as well as garage parking ($$). Loved my time in Philly and if you're here looking for a Philly cheesesteak try Cleavers.
Upon exiting the elevator on my floor, I was confronted with the most unpleasant aroma. Why are people frying fish in a hotel? And why is the smell lingering like that? 

Additionally, there was no set of extra set sheets in my room (that had a m sleep sofa). Getting the pair of extra sheets was a whole ordeal...called the front desk which just rang and rang for 5 minutes. All in all this stay has not been pleasant so far
Very well located in Center City, convenient to public transit. Expensive, as would be expected for a downtown location ($42 for parking with tax). The problem with the hotel is the housekeeping and condition of the furnishings. Our room had carpet stains that looked a lot like vomit . . seriously. We had to put towels on those spots so we could at least walk around. They did move us the next day, but overall the housekeeping was subpar, both in our room and the common area hallways; furnishings were stained and worn. We typically stay in Marriott branded hotels, and this one was probably the worst.
We stayed a between 12/28/18 and 12/30/18 for a short visit to Philly. Only 2/3 elevators were working during our stay which meant long 15 min waits for the elevator. The crowd getting to and from breakfast was the worse. 

The valets get quickly overwhelmed and guests have to leave their card double parked in the street with no room or help to get luggage to the room. 

We also had a piece of left over pasta in our  room from the previous guest. This was not addressed in our feedback to the hotel.
The service here is really terrible. We had a room with a pull out bed, and called main desk to request pillows and sheets for it. One hour later, nothing. We called again and they didn't apologize they just said "It's coming," and hung up. Eventually the sheets and pillow arrived. We went to bed and fell asleep, and one hour later another guy bangs on the door. "You called for sheets?" (In the middle of the night!)

The next day one of us injured a heel. We looked for ice machines and couldn't find any. Called front desk, and they said they'd bring up ice. Thank you, we said, and waited. One hour passed. Heel swelled. We called front desk to check in on the ice, and a new voice answers. "I don't know anything about that," she snapped. Well we have an injured person here, is there another way we can get ice? "We will come when we can," she said flatly. In all we waited over 90 minutes. 

The next morning there was total chaos at the elevators around 10am. No one could get an elevator, and stairs were of limited use to people staying on floors 15 and above! Turns out the manager had ordered a team of bronze refinishers to redo the elevators doors. A cosmetic fix, shutting down elevator banks at 10am, during spring break!

Overall a pretty lousy experience. Pass.
Never staying again, don't care about the location. Made me change rooms upon arrival as if I never had the reservation. Included breakfast was so bad I had to eat around the area early to make the conference for the day.  To top it all off, my company paid the stay about a month in advance, yet they charged my card over a $1000 dollars for the stay after I left. Calls made to hotel reflected poor rapport and general disinterest in resolution of an issue they caused. Just plain rude, one after another. Like I said, never again.
