Room #213, bedbugs and the Manager, Elaine Paper, made my one night stay AWFUL. 

I got into the hotel around 1am from the airport, the check in process was quick and easy. 
By 2am I was in bed and at 4am woke up screaming of pain and scratching my arms, legs and fingers. 
I got up inmedietly went to the bathroom and I had bites everywhere, in groups of three. I have very sensitive skin and it was infected, inflamed and itchy. 

I go to the reception desk and the only thing they can say is "I am sorry this happened to you", I will let the manager know when she arrives -which I guess it is acceptable if you don't have any decision making power.

At 7:20am when the manager arrives... I spoke to her. 
Elaine Paper has no customer service skills, or intention to help their guests.
No a single apology, or solution provided and even though I showed her the pictures I took when I inspected the bed her comment was "I can't confirm those are bedbugs I am not an expert" as if I was lying and only wanted to sleep two hours before a very important meeting... I even have bites in my face. 

Elaine Paper didn't even offer to cover the dry cleaning service for my clothes (essential to make sure bedbugs don't spread).

You will see the pictures and judge but even if they are not BEDBUGS... That room (pretty likely others too) is infected with something that bites. 
Wouldn't a clean room, decent bed be the least Elaine Paper, as the Manager, would want to offer to their customers? 

I recommend Marriot offers Elaine some Customer Service courses and workshops. So next time this happens to someone she knows how to deal with their paying guests. 

There are really doing options around the area for the same price. Do yourself a favor and don't chance to be in discomfort all day because of an improperly maintained hotel room. 

Cheers!
I stayed here for four days recently on business.  My room was large, well laid out and spotlessly clean.  So nice to have separate living/sleeping areas.  It was almost eerily quiet.  I'm taking one star off for a few small things....lighting in the bathroom could be better, tub/shower floor is VERY slippery, living room sofa isn't comfortable.....but the staff more than makes up for those teeny tiny annoyances.  Every single person I ran into was friendly, helpful and hard-working.  Front desk, shuttle drivers, bartender, housekeeping.  I'd give them all six stars if I could.
This hotel was very new and therefore clean and comfortAble. Our room was big with a kitchen and tv! The wifi is also very reliable and fast. I also went to their fitness room which had cardio machines as well as free weights! In the morning, the complimentary breakfast was very good-- the most varied hotel breakfast I've ever had! Good service as well.
Stayed here on a 1-night flight layover. The hotel is very convenient to the airport.
Check-in was fast and easy. Front desk guy quite friendly.
The room was a nice suite. Lots of space and a good size desk.
The restaurant is closed due to this Corona crap. I ordered through Uber Eats.
Nice firm bed and pillows.
No breakfast due to.....you know.
Overall, very nice hotel. I would certainly stay here again.
