This hotel not only "accidentally" threw away my belongings, the front desk manager tried to shame and blame me for it. She even kicked me out of the hotel when I had paid for the room. They admitted fault, but denied any responsibility until they came to their legal senses and demanded proof of purchase of my belongings. Sorry, but I don't have the receipt for my heirloom wedding ring. Or my work laptop. Or my iPod that was a gift. So here I am...my only solace is to warn people not to stay at this atrocity of a hotel. I have a police report, photos and various documentation. What I didn't have (until now) is the strength, time and legal freedom to make this public via a review.
To start... I didn't even make it through the front door.

So I booked my room for New Years Eve in Philly...I'm a mummer, I then realized that my original plan was a little overwhelming.  So I call the hotel to ask about their cancellation and refunds, I speak with Brian who informed me that I would not be able to get a refund (fair, the reservation was within 24 hours, thats what you get for booking late) so I ask to talk to a higher up (Bobby Patel) just in case I can find a loop hole, there was none; same answer.  So reluctantly I say okay well IF I CANT GET A REFUND I DONT WANT TO CANCEL because who would?... the call ends with Bobby saying "we'll have your room ready for you"... 

Anyway leaving this phone call a little upset that my attempts were fruitless, I see that I have an email from Bobby Patel, the GM saying that my reservation was cancelled.  WHAT?! I call back (very mad but somehow refraining from saying a single profane word) because now my reservation was cancelled and they took my money without me even cancelling, I'm given back to Bobby on the phone who says I shouldn't have been talking to him anyway, Brian at the front desk does everything, so I get sent back to Brian on the phone and he says "I have a recording of you saying to cancel the room.... we don't want you to stay here...and your room will not be reinstated...." when I clearly said NOT TO b/c there would be no refund.  He then goes on to say "come back with your lawyer." Really? So I will be disputing it with my credit card company....

 So now I decide to call Choice Hotels headquarters customer service (even though the hotels are privately owned) and I speak with a very nice man who was helpful but also unable to receive any relief for the situation even after he called Rodeway. Note: Brian did not play the recording for me or CSR that proves this review and he also said I treated him "profanely" (I DIDNT BUT I SHOULD HAVE) 

So in short, if you want your money stolen (wish I read all the reviews about this place and their shady business practices) make a reservation at Rodeway! Just kidding...don't. Steer way clear of Rodeway Inn and any establishment that Brian at the Front Desk and Bobby Patel frequent.

UPDATE:  Also....after you post a review on TripAdvisor, the manager Brian Krason will reply with lies... he said I threatened to post a review (which I never did) and told me that more honesty (when did I lie?) and less foul language (when did I curse?) would go a long way.  I wouldn't recommend that anyone stay here, but if you do, definitely post a review so you can get your snooty response from Brian online.
This is a review based on my single experience phoning this hotel this morning to confirm my reservation for New Year's Eve. I called and spoke with Brian, who confirmed my reservation for 1 night on New Year's Eve for 2 rooms. I had booked directly through the Choice hotels website and had a best rate guarantee claim that was approved by Choice Hotels, of which this specific hotel is a member. After pointing out to the agent that it was a complimentary night, due to the best rate guarantee, I was put on hold for a few minutes. He returned to tell me that he would be canceling the reservation and that they will not be honoring the best rate guarantee that they are bound to by Choice Hotels. I find it outrageous that they would simply cancel this reservation. I am glad that I did call as I would have been quite upset arriving in Philadelphia, only to find out that my reservation most likely would have been cancelled before I arrived. After reading other reviews online, I notice that this seems to be a pattern with this establishment. The owner, Bobby Patel, is the one that made the decision to cancel my reservation. Brian, his agent, was the unfortunate bearer of bad news. I don't feel that a hotel has a right to cancel reservations without notifying the customer of their odd, outlandish policies. Others have had this happen where they show up for their confirmed reservation, only to find themselves without a room for the night. Rodeway Inn Center City business practices are far from the norm and I feel their customer service skills are severely lacking. I chose to let them cancel the reservation and deal with it through Choice Hotels customer service. At this point, I did not feel it would be a great experience to even stay there, even if Choice could get the hotel to honor the reservation as they should. After the CSR for Choice Hotels called the hotel and spoke with the manager, she returned to say that they did cancel both rooms and that the owner stated to her that I was banned forever from staying at that hotel. REALLY??!?!? So now I have officially been banned from my first hotel ever. I guess there's first for everything.
Seeing the way this hotel handled such a simple thing, and the lack of customer service, I would never stay here anyway.

Be forewarned...

UPDATE - Received a scathing response to my review on Tripadvisor from the management of this place, spreading lies about me that I tried to scam them 3 times previously and making up fake websites. It is interesting how they continue to offer bad service and almost illegal business practices and people continue to stay here. These people should not be in the hospitality business. When you sign up to be under the Choice hotel brand, you need to abide by their guarantees and policies. When I spoke to Choice, they offered(and almost insisted) to call the hotel and force them to honor the Best Rate Guarantee. I chose, myself, not to force the issue, as I wanted to be assured of a room for New Years without any problems. I did not want to end up in a broom closet on a cot. The owner and manager of this place need to straighten out their act if they plan on staying in business.....
Just wanted to provide an update because I've certainly noticed a trend as I've perused the negative reviews on Yelp and TripAdvisor.

After I wrote my review, Brian "complimented" my review to say that I was turned away because I was high on drugs. First off, my friend's reservation was cancelled VIA PHONE meaning we've never stepped FOOT in the hotel. Secondly, I've never done drugs in my life. 

Brian Krason is a libelous and fraudulent manager. Do not stay here.
I didn't realize this was a hotel chain until we stayed here recently. This being said, I'm sure their are various properties that are not at all like this one. This hotel in particular, was boutique-like, clean, and tastefully decorated. The hotel itself is tall and narrow. It has narrow hallways and a tiny narrow elevator (not for those who are claustrophobic!). The rooms however, are really big and spacious with super comfortable beds! The staff we interacted with were friendly and helpful. The only thing I might recommend would be ear plugs. Maybe it was the night we were there or maybe it's common, but we heard loud screaming and commotion outside in the street around 3am. It didn't make me feel unsafe or dislike the hotel or area we stayed in. I would have just preferred to have not had to hear it! 

The location of this hotel was very central. We were able to walk to almost everything we wanted to see (rocky stairs, liberty bell, Betsy Ross house, etc.). The hotel is technically located in the "Gayborhood", this area felt pretty safe and had lots of restaurants/bars to walk to. Philly is such a nice city, I had no idea! It has so much history and beautiful things to look at. We would most definitely stay here if we came to Philly again.
I booked the room for $200 per night because it was the last available room in the city. When I went to check in the girl told me that the owner had cancelled my reservation because he couldn't process my card (which is a corporate AMEX, so I don't believe that). They never notified me that they couldn't process my card, nor did they notify me that they cancelled my reservation. She then told me that they had a room available for $400 per night. As I started to get upset (because there were no other rooms available in the city, and wasn't sure where I could go) she told me that she felt intimidated, and threatened to call the cops on me. I asked to speak to the manager, and was told that there was no way to reach him until the morning. I felt like they were trying to scam me for the higher rate. Avoid this place if at all possible.
Do not stay.

Brian Krason, this hotel's manager, is unprofessional and honestly, flat out rude. He's accusatory in his comments, not helpful in accommodations, and known to flat out cancel or pull other bizarre stunts. And if you say anything to the contrary, he'll slander you and follow up whatever you said with "that only proves we were right." What a guy. Choice Hotels won't do much if you complain but how this hotel has any affiliation and how Brian continues his reign of terror baffles me. Please take time to look at other reviews and responses both here and on Trip Advisor if you see this comment. You'll thank me later. I am not afraid of the badgering or bullying response that Brian will make to this soon after. People should know what they're dealing with.
I wish I saw the reviews before staying here. Summary: The front desk staff were awkward. The elevators are so small they can barely fit five people. The hotel is carpeted with old, filthy rugs (the rooms too). When we got in the room I was not impressed at all, especially for the price per night. There was a hole in the wall that was covered by a crooked picture. Although we were just laying in bed, someone knocked on the door then opened it on their own (I had the padlock over the door thank god) I went over to look out and it was the owner, he said they were doing room checks and that no one checked the paper off that we were checked in....but he had checked us in 10 minutes beforehand.... We could have been naked? This place is the sort of place you would be concerned about bed bugs or roaches. So pretty much I got zero sleep. Not because of the nightmares of roaches cuddling with me, but because I can hear the water dripping from the person upstairs taking a shower and the constant banging of doors. Do not come here. This place needs serious improvement. If you're looking for a cheaper price, you'll be much more comfortable at the holiday inn one block over. 


There are many hotels in the city you could pay this price for that are much, much better.
UPDATE: I was able to resolve the issue with my credit card company, proof that someone other than myself agrees that Brian Krason, Bobby Patel, and the Rodeway Inn are running some kind of scam - Luckily, with due diligence you can fix the issue.  If the management is the same here, which based on many recent reviews, it is, save yourself the hassle and stay at least a 10 and a half foot pole away.  
  
ORIGINAL REVIEW:
To start... I didn't even make it through the front door.

So I booked my room for New Years Eve in Philly...I'm a mummer, I then realized that my original plan was a little overwhelming.  So I call the hotel to ask about their cancellation and refunds, I speak with Brian who informed me that I would not be able to get a refund (fair, the reservation was within 24 hours, thats what you get for booking late) so I ask to talk to a higher up (Bobby Patel) just in case I can find a loop hole, there was none; same answer.  So reluctantly I say okay well IF I CANT GET A REFUND I DONT WANT TO CANCEL because who would?... the call ends with Bobby saying "we'll have your room ready for you"... 

Anyway leaving this phone call a little upset that my attempts were fruitless, I see that I have an email from Bobby Patel, the GM saying that my reservation was cancelled.  WHAT?! I call back (very mad but somehow refraining from saying a single profane word) because now my reservation was cancelled and they took my money without me even cancelling, I'm given back to Bobby on the phone who says I shouldn't have been talking to him anyway, Brian at the front desk does everything, so I get sent back to Brian on the phone and he says "I have a recording of you saying to cancel the room.... we don't want you to stay here...and your room will not be reinstated...." when I clearly said NOT TO b/c there would be no refund.  He then goes on to say "come back with your lawyer." Really? So I will be disputing it with my credit card company....

So now I decide to call Choice Hotels headquarters customer service (even though the hotels are privately owned) and I speak with a very nice man who was helpful but also unable to receive any relief for the situation even after he called Rodeway. Note: Brian did not play the recording for me or CSR that proves this review and he also said I treated him "profanely" (I DIDNT BUT I SHOULD HAVE) 

So in short, if you want your money stolen (wish I read all the reviews about this place and their shady business practices) make a reservation at Rodeway! Just kidding...don't. Steer way clear of Rodeway Inn and any establishment that Brian at the Front Desk and Bobby Patel frequent.

UPDATE:  Also....after you post a review on TripAdvisor, the manager Brian Krason will reply with lies... he said I threatened to post a review (which I never did) and told me that more honesty (when did I lie?) and less foul language (when did I curse?) would go a long way.  I wouldn't recommend that anyone stay here, but if you do, definitely post a review so you can get your snooty response from Brian online.
This is my second time staying at the Rodeway Inn. Our first experience was in 12/16; it was fine: we got a discounted price and loved the location and the fact that a minifridge and microwave were included. 

Our second experience (01/18) was far less enjoyable. When we arrived, the receptionist did not know how the fitness center arrangement works so we waited for the manager, Brian. Although we had entered the hotel excited for our 4-day Philly getaway, our conversation with Brian left us feeling very unwelcome and uncomfortable. He started by asking us where we were from (reasonable) so we replied, "NYC." He repeated the same question several times, even after I blatantly stated "Queens- born and raised," until he finally spat, "What is your ethnicity?" The receptionist from earlier could sense things were getting awkward but never bothered to say anything. When we told him where our parents were born, he stated, "Oh, I had two employees from __ (said country). They were very hard-working." Annoyed by his constant microaggressions, my husband replied, "Oh, well, I'm sure there are hard-working white employees too." 

Brian (probably confused) proceeded to say that "Americans don't come here. Have you ever seen an American at a Rodeway Inn?" This, even after we had just told him we were BORN AND RAISED in Queens, NY and had stayed there previously. I was so annoyed and angry by his demeanor; the entire time he spoke to us as if he was doing us such a big favor. 

Brian aside, the room was fine for being able to eat reheated meals and staying in a good location. The blankets SMELLED and were visibly old. It was also frustrating that there was no thermostat, as the room would get cold or hot easily so it was difficult to sleep at night. All the hotels I have ever stayed in have had warm and friendly front desk staff; most of the staff here would barely look as I entered and left every day. Not the most inviting place...

Overall, I would not stay here again. For the price, the bedding and temperature quality are not worth it. And racist Brian is certainly not a fun start to any vacation. 

Just remember his words: "Americans don't stay at Rodeway Inn."
Guess what? After three months Brian the manager decided not to refund our money and didn't even have the nerve to tell us. What a crook?
Manager, Brian Krason, is miserable and extremely unprofessional and the owner, who I assume is Booby Patel based on other posts, is unethical and threatened to steal my identity and commit credit card fraud because he had my credit card info on file.  I strongly suspect he acted on it as the next day someone fraudulently attempted to charge over $1600 to my card but the credit company blocked it.  (1-0, me). I've also notified my credit card company not to authorize any charges from the hotel.  I'm sure this will be successful since I have a police report stating that I was not allowed on the property and the fact that my credit card was blocked before any charges went through (2-0, me)

I called the police on the hotel because of their unethical behavior and intend to pursue further civil and legal action against the hotel, management and ownership on the identity theft (a federal crime).

By the way, If you're at all thinking about staying at this hotel, you should know that there was a murder there in 2015 where a male prostitute murdered a psychiatrist in the hotel.  It's a fact.  Check it out at this link.

http://6abc.com/news/male-prostitute-charged-in-death-of-psychiatrist-in-center-city-hotel/1130905/
I had a terrible experience booking a hotel for 8/10-8/12 at the Rodeway Inn Center City in Philadelphia. I tried to book 1 room for 2 nights at this hotel but was somehow charged for 2 rooms for 2 nights according to the reservation confirmation email. This resulted in being charged over $300 more than I should have been.

I called the hotel immediately after the error occurred to resolve the issue (within a minute). The hotel cancelled one of the rooms, but then informed me that I would be charged the complete amount of the other room anyway because it was within 48 hours of the stay.

I asked to speak with a manager, Brian Krason, but he refused to speak with me for no given reason despite being at the hotel. He only told the staff member, Ilana, to tell me that I would be charged the full amount for both rooms even after cancelling one of them within minutes of me making the reservation.

After spending 2+ hours going back and forth calling and emailing, there was no solution. I called back the morning after and spent about another 2 hours arguing with Brian. Although I kept my composure, Brian would act childish, hanging up on me immediately after calling over and over. I couldn't believe how he acted. He would then send condescending and passive-aggressive emails. For example, here is the most recent email he sent after I posted a negative review on the hotel website feedback form:

"As I said before I make no apologies for not speaking to a guest demanding to speak with me after hours [he was at the hotel speaking with his staff member, and this was around 4:30pm].  I know you feel entitled but I certainly didn't feel obligated as the manager on duty was doing well handing your concern [simply not true].  As for my record on the internet I can put 100 positive comments against every "one" wishing to attach me personally as you feel the need [interesting math when the overall rating is 2.5 on Yelp and 3.7 on Google].   I don't own the hotel and don't make policy.  I am glad many manager have begun suing people for slander for comments like yours.  You should be careful what you put in writing."

I ended up not even staying at the hotel. I was so upset with how I was treated. Furthermore, there have been reports of theft and corruption on various review sites so I didn't feel safe leaving my belongings. Just look at the Yelp reviews before booking this hotel, please.
I stayed here again on a business trip, as it was the only reasonably priced hotel for the weekend I needed and it was very close to my conference location.  However, my experience this time was truly awful and no where near what I had experienced the first time.  I thought that once they had finally finished the renovations that it would be nicer than last time, but I was sorely mistaken.  I booked the same way I had before on hotels.com with the same room type.  Last time I did this I remembered that it said that the bathroom was private but in a separate room outside and I had called them the first time to ask about that and they had explained the bathroom would be in the room like a normal hotel room so I assumed this would be the case this time when I booked exactly the same way and didn't call again.  When I came to the hotel, unfortunately I was given a room with the bathroom outside (it was a private bathroom with a separate entrance but down the hall from my room).  I was actually ok with this, though it wasn't ideal. I was warned on the website and should have checked again but for the price I would've still been ok to deal with it.  But this was only the start of my problems.  This room (on the top level) clearly hadn't been renovated at all, with cracked walls and holes, and worst of all a 2-3 inch gap between the top of my door and the wall such that someone could peer into my room or reach their entire hand in, and of course any sound in my room could easily be heard outside and vice versa.  I have a picture I'll post later of this.  The hallway was scary and things were falling apart everywhere.  There was again no temperature control in the room and the room was too warm and stuffy.  I had asked them to turn it down when I woke up sweating in the middle of the night, and it got better for awhile then too warm again and I had no control over it.  Also the phone in my room was completely broken and couldn't even be used to call the front desk so whenever I had to make a request like this, I had to go all the way downstairs.  I once saw the maintenance guy changing the locked thermostat in the hallway after a couple requested it.  Once the couple walked away I asked him what temperature he was changing it to, hoping he wasn't making it warmer again. He smirked at me and said he wasn't really changing it at all, he just let them think that (!!!).  Also my separate bathroom had no window or vent of any kind and since it was a tiny room all by itself where I couldn't leave the door open (since that's the public hallway), the steam would never leave the room so when I would go to shower the next day it would still be covered in steam.  Also I had no coffee maker in my room and there was no coffee available in the lobby. When I complained to the front desk of my issues, they said that those rooms are the "European Style" rooms and they usually don't recommend them when other rooms are available.  Umm I've stayed in hotels all over Europe and while the bathroom being separate isn't that unusual, all of the other issues, were not typical of European hotels!  I asked for a different room and they said I would have to pay 2-3 times the price and they couldn't credit me for what I already paid on hotels.com (I prepaid full price for 3 nights stay) because they said they weren't getting the full rate that I paid them, they only get a portion of it.  They also refused to honor the federal GSA rate that I was eligible for, even though Rodeway Inn's national website says they offer this rate for eligible people.  He did say I could leave after the first night and not pay for the other 2 days (not sure how I would get my money back since I paid hotels.com), but since there was a marathon in town the same weekend as my conference there was no way I could get something reasonably priced near my conference location in time.  I will never stay here again.  The staff are extremely rude and the quality of the rooms is awful and not what you would expect from the pictures on the website at all.
DO NOT STAY HERE.

As a card-carrying adult who works 40hrs a week to pay bills, I can't in good conscience spend my money on poor customer service. Cannot do it. It's like my wallet physically will not let me disrespect myself.

Anyway, my friends and I booked a room here for a popular festival weekend. When we called to confirm, Brian Krason (the rudest manager) I've ever dealt with, told us he was increasing the room rate ON THE SPOT because we had 3 people instead of 2. Now, as you know, that doesn't change the number of beds or anything, for that matter. But, okay. So my friend asked him why and Brian didn't feel the need to explain to the customer why our rate was increasing.

Instead of explaining why he was increasing the price, he cancelled the reservation. No warning. No confirmation. Just cancelled it. Then sent a snarky email about why he was cancelling the reservation which boiled down to his pride being hurt over being told that this was the worst customer service we had ever received. (Which is a fact.) We then tried to speak with someone else and Brian repeatedly sent us to voicemail. 

I say all this to say, Brian Krason is unprofessional. If he won't honor a pre-determined room rate, what else would he slack on? Maintenance? Sanitation? 

For someone working in the 'hospitality' industry, he was anything but hospitable. Very sad that Choice Hotels would continue to employ someone so negative to their brand.
Multiple incidents involving Brian K. He is extremely disrespect and inflammatory to the point that I wonder if he is all the way there mentality. The owners of this hotel should be help accountable for keeping someone like him employed. 

As you thumb through the comments you will see his insane replies to people. How is this ok? How is he left in charge to represent this hotel?
While it may not be a luxury hotel or a four star hotel according to Hotwire, the Rodeway Inn had everything a traveler could ask for. Our room was huge! (Ask for room 601) It had two queen beds, a fridge (with two free bottles of water each day), microwave, free WiFi, a safe, satellite TV and the most important feature for my mom...free continental breakfast! The bagels and doughnuts were not your generic variety. Poppy seed bagels and Philly cream cheese always comfort me in the morning. 

The beds were ultra comfy with three pillows (one a body pillow). The room we had was very clean and the bathroom looked fully remodeled. The only thing old about this historic building was the tiny elevator. It was the kind where you pull the door open to exit. I didn't mind, but my mother was a bit freaked out. 

The gals who worked the front desk were very personable and extremely helpful. Tanya even called up to our room the first night to see how things were. 

While I am sure I could of gotten us a cheaper place on Hotwire, my mom got the final say. Moms always win, you know. Plus, she was paying. A bonus was that parking was only $10.50/day in the parking structure directly across the street. 

The location is prime! We were a short walk to Independence Hall and an even shorter walk from City Hall. I highly recommend this hotel if you don't expect mints on your pillow.
My boyfriend came to visit, and rented this place through Expedia. We thought it was pretty nice, even though they did not accommodate with our departure time. We had a two night stay, and the second night during the evening we noticed that there was something crawling on the sheets, and it was a bed bug. We told the front person who was going to find us another room, but they were sold out. Since I am allergic and clearly we were not going to stay with an infested room. We had to buy another room that night. Although the clear evidence that there is the presence of bed bugs in the room, the manager/supervisor is giving us a hard time when we requested a refund. This hotel provided unsanitary service and even worse customer service. Except the lady at the front desk she was sweet.  On the plus side, the WARWICK HOTEL that we bought that night (because we clearly couldn't stay at the RODEWAY INN) was amazing!
Horrifying! My husband and I booked here under the guise of it being a boutique hotel on Trip Advisor. The "manager" was so unprofessional and AFTER we paid for our room, he told us that by the way- our bathroom was across the hall from our room. He said "he thinks it's weird too." Wtf?! We take the tiny elevator up to our floor, noticing the stained and dated carpeting and enter a shoddy, closet of a room. The bathroom? The sink was the size of a credit card, the shower so small. We picked up our bags and called a far better hotel and got the hell out of there. The manager sat at the desk eating a Snickers bar and told us "he totally gets it." Disgusting hotel and waste of money. Save yourself!
This is an awful place with a terrible owner, very poor service, one of the worst hotels I have ever been to.
I had a reservation here for this weekend, however due to the winter storm, my flight was cancelled along with almost every other one to the east coast.  I called to see if anything could be done, even though this is within the cancellation policy.  I was transferred 3 times on the phone, and each time the person had no idea what was going on.  I was told there was NO WAY I could possibly cancel, change to one night, or just get credit towards another stay.  I understand there is the cancellation policy, but these are circumstances beyond my control.  The staff was unpleasant and completely unhelpful on the phone.  I am a student and in the army, and now I have to take this $500 loss because they WON'T (not can't, I've worked in hospitality) change my reservation.  NEVER again with Roadway Inn or Choice Hotels.
Astoundingly rude manager (Brian) and owner (Bobby) was even worse! It appears I'm not the only one complaining about him in here! He had my wife in tears with his snarky insults and lies - I had to come down and deal with him. We had come to visit our new granddaughter, born the day before and they put an sour spin on what should have been a joyous time (Okay, it still was - despite these angry men)

His problem? We had to leave early and gave 48 hours notice the day before to another clerk (Richard, who was actually nice). Brian, the manager on that day gave my wife a lecture on 1) Why people shouldn't use Priceline, 2) How Trump will fix things once he gets in (not kidding - said he'll shut down these foreign-run companies like Priceline), 3) How they can't issue refunds - it's Priceline's responsibly (BIG lie - it's not), 4) he can't credit the 2 nights we had to leave early to the following week, 5) Said we could talk to the owner (after we told him Priceline confirmed it wasn't Priceline's responsibility), but he'd "just swear at us". Get that? The owner "Bobby" would swear at us if we tried to get a resolution! Brian's words. 

He gave us the number of the owner anyway, who refused to answer the number we were given. I went down to the desk and Brian (who had no trouble getting him immediately - with a different number than what he gave us, I'm sure) called and handed me the phone. The owner proceeded to yell at me and said, "I don't have to talk to customers. That's why I have a manager. Despite what a @#$!! you said he is." (Guess Brian wasn't lying about that - the owner IS an angry cuss. And I didn't say anything about Brian in the whole conversation, except that my wife was told the owner would just curse us out) He then said he could move our reservations to next week, but he was DOUBLING THE PRICE!!!!! I told him we wanted a full refund for the 2 nights we were not staying since we gave a 48 hour notice to the desk. He relented after a fast-talking, jumbled & angry diatribe about things unrelated to any of this. 

Add to this what other people have mentioned in here: the rooms have no controls for the air conditioning - you have to live with whatever they pump in. It is EXTREMELY noisy at night because they're located next to a couple of bars, the patrons emptying out and lingering noisily in the streets right into the wee hours. 

People should not put money into the pockets of those who have zero regard for hospitality, common decency, and customer service! They don't deserve it when there are far more friendly places to stay in the area - Doubletree, Club Quarters, The Alexander.

UPDATE: WOW! Go to the Trip Adviser reviews of this place and read Brian and/or Bobby's responses to those sharing negative experiences (1 star reviews). They're calling the customers liars, homophobe, scam artists, angry ex-employee, racist, drunk, drug addict and more. (you'll find an example of at least one of each that I mentioned). If you read the actual complaints, you'll see that none of those people are any of those things! That alone should steer you clear of the place.
My girlfriend who is 37 weeks pregnant and I was visiting from out of state. We booked a room here and when we arrived we didn't see anywhere to park so I went in and talked to the front desk they informed me that the hotel had no parking but there was public parking up the street; I then proceeded to go to the public parking lot. Once we get there we see there's no parking until the fifth story which is a huge inconvenience since my girlfriend can potential go into labor any time. We call back explains the situation and was told they wouldn't give a refund because it was under 48 hours when we purchased they room less than 12 hours to contact the third party company which we did who also called the hotel and told the third party company that they would not refund the money so we left and went to another hotel. If I could give them zero stars I would. Customer service was horrific I would wish them on my worst enemy
an absolute scam. did not even manage to check into the hotel, and refuse to help me with refunding me any credit at all. bad service and totally unprofessional.

NEVER USE RODEWAY INN.
I wish I read the reviews before staying here but I unfortunately did not. Moral of the story is to research before you travel. We got to the inn, and checked in. The front staff agent named Courtney was very rude, and told us our reservation was cancelled because the inn has this thing where they apparently call you 48 hours before check in to confirm our room. Because of this we were denied a room, which I found weird because out of all the times I've book a hotel room, never have I got a call to confirm anything. On top of that the entire week before that, we never got a phone call at all. Ever. We booked through Expedia and we received a confirmation for the room, we also showed her the email of the confirmation and she still told us no. At that point we were lucky enough to have family that lived in the Philadelphia area. So after going back and fourth with her, we eventually decided to end it there and wait for an uber to take us to our family. To add insult to injury, Courtney came back up to us again and tried to kick us out. Never coming back again. The level of service is unprofessional, and seems to be unorganized. Save yourself the risk of having your room rebooked, and go somewhere else.
I came across this quaint hotel by chance because we needed to stay in Center City for a Jefferson Medical School graduation and it was great. The building was built in late 1880's so structurally has a bit of an old world charm with skinny hallways and a small elevator that reminds me of a Parisian hotel and being from the west coast we don't have these historical building so I found it very appealing. They renovated the lobby and rooms with a nice contemporary/modem vibe so the combination of old world and modem day was aesthetically appealing too.

The staff was all very accommodating with some room changes we needed at the last minute do to my father being in a wheelchair. There were 2 gals that were on duty were always cheerful and and helpful -I swear they were there 24 hours a day -although I know they did go home at some point ;) and then there was Brian, he is amazing. There isn't an on site restaurant so he would go to the store for us and even offered to take a bottle of wine to the bar next door to open for us.

Overall great experience, inexpensive and great location- tons of shopping and eateries along Walnut Street and only 7 or so blocks from Rittenhouse Square Park. 

5 stars for sure!
Worst hotel I've ever stayed at. Do not, under any circumstances, stay at this place. No AC in the rooms, dirty and dingy as hell, rude staff who won't do anything to help you (and won't treat you well). All in all this place is absolutely horrible.
Rodeway Inn was the cheapest hotel I could find in the city center.  I don't really  mind roughing it a bit especially if the location is great and I was pleasantly surprised (I was expecting the worst).

Rodeway Inn is a funny hotel.  It's nice but its crappy, but it fulfilled all my basic needs as a traveler.  I hardly spend any time in the hotel and just use it to shower and sleep.

The lobby and hallways were small and the elevator was REALLY small.  We got the room with no bathroom en suite but around the hall.  Not sure what to expect, it was a strange set-up but still a private bathroom to ourselves.  

The room was tiny but the bed was comfortable and the pillows nice.  Being so cheap, I didnt expect hairdryer/iron, but the room had both, and the bottled water was free (good for morning hangovers).  

Some things to note, parking is $12 a day across the street.  Also, you are right in the middle of Philadelphia's gay neighborhood, so if you barhop in this area, most places are gay bars.  

Definitely not the lap of luxury, Rodeway Inn is a great basic needs hotel at affordable prices.
These people are scam artists.  Read the reviews you will find that Krass and Patel are thieves. Tried to cancel with 48 hours notice because I was hospitalized and they basically laughed at me and said tough shit we have your money and are not getting it back.
For its location (right in the middle of Center City), it's pretty cost-effective.  But, you also get what you pay for.

Again, location is great; Reading Terminal is just a few blocks away, and it was nice to go to restaurants that were all walkable.  The lobby is clean and comfortable, but the elevator is tiny.

Once you get upstairs, the hallways are thin, and the walls even more so --- we were there during a Pride festival, and it was super loud.  But even at night, you can hear people in the next rooms.

My floor was slanted (coming out of the bathroom), and the carpet was thin and pretty dirty (lots of spots on the floor).  Bed was ok.  TV had about 5 channels.  Bathroom was ok, though towels felt kinda grimy.

For the location, and just for a place to sleep, it's fine.  If you want anything more than that, go somewhere else.
Horrible - deceptive pricing, rude staff, 90 degrees in the room front desk suggested leaving the door to the hallway open.  For your own safety and health run AWAY from this DIVE.
Worst experience of my life. My bathroom was down the hall from my room and it flooded while my gf and I were there. When I went to tell the front desk they said they would send someone to fix it (never did went the weekend with out a shower and a soaked bathroom) and the TV in my room didn't work. Both occasions of asking the front desk to change rooms they were extremely rude and refused based on policy. I used to work for Hilton and I'm fully aware that was a line of lies. Not only is the staff unhelpful but you can hear through every wall and forget it if you have a wheel chair or a baby. Considering there's one elevator and your lucky if you can fit through it. I don't know how this building is allowed to be a business they should shut it down. If you're looking for the nightmare hotel in all the commercials this is it!!!!!!
Surprised to read other reviews, I had a good experience staying here for a weekend. 

Positives: 
1. Location : biggest plus point. Walking distance from a lot of great restaurants, reading market, tourist spots like Liberty bell and city hall.

2. Price: not cheap but less expensive compared to other hotels in the same location 

3. Room: came with free wifi, flat screen TV. Bed was reasonable. Bathroom was great. The hotel appears old from the exterior but most likely has been renovated recently as the toilet fittings and walls of the room appear clean and new. 

4. Staff: front desk staff and housekeeping services were excellent. 

Negatives:

1. Cleanliness: carpet in the room appeared dirty with a few stains and spots 

2. Hallways and elevator are narrow and tiny

3. Agree with other reviews that the walls are thin 

All things considered I will choose them again.
I have never ever received such horrible customer service in my life. I had to book this hotel for an exam and had to cancel 2 days ahead of time bc of a family emergency. He would not refund the or cancel the hotel which was $600. We tried telling him we were students and it would mean a lot to help us out in this sensitive situation. I spoke to the owner, and not only was he condescending and rude but extremely disrespectful on the phone to me and my husband. We were so shocked we complained to the company and plan to complain to consumer affairs as well. I wish there was a way to give zero stars.
Really great location, decent small room. Really hated my experience. Locked out of my room daily, I heard another girl checking in who reserved a room online and didn't read the fine print that her room did not include a bathroom. Tiny staircases that resemble something from the movie "The shining". I understand the building is old, but the walls and baseboards were dusty.
The manager, Brian, refused to honor the Pay At Property disclosure which the parent company (Choice Hotel Group) acknowledges as an available option to pay on their website. This incident led to funds being drafted prematurely and from the wrong account which created an undue hardship two hours before a flight. The hotel does not care about the consumer and you can read more of my experience on the BBB website. This hotel, Brian, threatened to cancel my reservation after he refused to honor CHG and Hotels.com policy. I would not recommend for anyone to stay at this hotel.
I understand this is a 2-star hotel, but it didn't even live up to that on our stay.

Pros: 
-Location was central, within biking distance of all the nice things Philly has to offer.
-Front desk clerk let us keep our bicycles in the storage room so we didn't have to lock them up outside.
-Front desk clerk was positive & sweet.
-Free internet on the lobby computer was really helpful.
-In-room fridge & microwave were really convenient, though we didn't see the free water bottles other reviewers mentioned.
-Price was really affordable.


CONS:
-Elevator was out of service during our stay and we had to walk up 5 flights several times.
-The shower in our room didn't have the necessary lever to be turned off/on.  We called maintenance about it, but they didn't fix it through our whole stay.  We used a wrench to shower.
-Housekeeping never cleaned our room or brought clean towels, even though we requested the service.
-Continental breakfast is "available" until 10am, but if you go past 9am, most likely everything will have already been eaten & not replenished.  No huge loss, it's just bagels, cereal, vended juice & coffee.

Because of the location & the first friendly desk clerk, i would have rated my experience 4 stars, but having to rig my own shower & stare at a random gross stain on the bed really tainted my opinion.  Also, that sweet clerk was the only well-kept member of the staff.  Others seemed like moody children.  At one point our room keys weren't letting us into our room, so i used my cell phone to call the nighttime front desk and the young woman sighed & told me to meet her on another floor so she didn't have to climb all the stairs!

I wish things had gone better, but I doubt I will stay here again on future visits to Philadelphia.
I have had the worst experience with rodeway inn and to top if off they fraudulently charged hundreds of dollars to my account without my consent or authorization and thought i would not realize it just lowdown dirty NO GOOD i dont recommend this hotel..STAY AWAY
This review is from an attempt to stay at this hotel in August 2017. I am in epileptic with a seizure alert service dog. I walked in on a Saturday at 2 PM and was immediately rudely confronted by a man name Brian. "I want to see the papers for that service dog right now!" For the record I have absolute proof and registration of my service dog.Long story short he refused to give me a room. Calling me a liar and that I'm not disabled. The original review for this is in TripAdvisor if you would like to check that out. It will surely open your eyes. The reason why am writing this review now is because after getting a lawyer these pieces of garbage are being sued substantially by myself. They even wrote a reply to my review which actually incriminated themselves and allowed me to sue them. The most rude, the most disgusting, the most abhorrent people that I have ever met. They even lied and said that I broke the law and that they would prosecute me. Well now that I'm suing them, where is this prosecution? Because they are liars, bold faced unapologetic liars. My case is being brought to fruition in the next couple of months and I will be taking a trip around the world at their expense :-) again, I urge you to look at their reviews on trip advisor. You will throw up in your mouth. I can only hope that the owner of this hotel replies to this message as well so I can sue him for even more money.Utterly dishonest and will screw you at a moments notice for no reason whatsoever. Anyone who decides to stay here after hearing this must have a mental deficiency and then I can't help you. Be well.
I travel a lot and never had such bad experience.
My travel agent booked the hotel on the same day of my arrival for about $250 a night. My flight was delayed and I arrived around 2:00am dying to lay my head for some rest. The night attendant told me that my reservation was canceled due to some issue with the credit card. No one called me, no one called the travel agent. Just canceled. They had rooms available but they were not willing to restore the reservation. Instead they demanded $630 per night! In the morning when I tried to talk to the manager, he was very rude and accused me using really rude words. I did not argue, paid them whatever they charged as I had no other choice, but I recommend anyone to stay away from this place. The hotel itself is really basic. Old building. Very basic rooms. No Gym. No food. Small and narrow elevator. Cleanness is ok however no maid service was provided during my stay of two days and no new towels were provided. Not worth even $100 per night. 
Stay away.
Despite the fact that my good friend got bed bugs from this hotel about a year ago, I decided to give it a try. 

Although I was able to book my hotel online, I just called directly to book a room for the night of 11/11/11. The gentleman Bobby who claimed he was the "owner" (I later found out via customer service that he was the general manager),  said there was nothing available because I had to stay for a minimum of 3 nights. This was clearly not the case because I was one step away from confirming my single night booking online. I asked why this was and that I would most likely just book online in that case. Bobby immediately started screaming at me that I was being " ***king RETARDED" (do you happen to know this word is illegal, Bobby?) and that he would cancel my reservation if I tried to book it. He suggested I go somewhere else because he "did not want me there." 

DO NOT EVEN WASTE YOUR TIME. I did not think this kind of behavior was tolerated in middle schools, let alone from professionals that would be hired as a general manager. I have since filed a formal complaint with the company and am going to take this to the BBB.
The front desk person named Ryan was so unbelievably rude. I don't think she knows that she's in a customer service position as in SERVE THE CUSTOMER. Learn to bite your tongue. Rude. According to the reviews I've read it sounds like this place needs a complete staff makeover. And apparently they also need to be cash only because credit card numbers aren't safe here. You've been warned. They don't deserve a drop of business. Nope, buh-bye..
This is a very quaint hotel. A little difficult to find. It has all you need and is centrally located. You're walking distance from the subway and walking distance from most sights and attractions. The rooms are very spacious, i would consider them extremely large for a centrally located hotel. Simple lobby and facilities. It is extremely important to understand that this is an old building. If you are turned off by old fashioned things dont stay at this hotel. Free wireless internet is a plus. Free Breakfast. You get a lot of value out of this simple hotel.
The hotel exceeded our low expectations. I booked this hotel because we were only staying one night, it's in an excellent location, near lots of bars and restaurants, and I got a great deal of $80/night with a choice hotels coupon on the website. Judging by the reviews on yelp and tripadvisor, it seems the hotel is going through a slow renovation and it's getting better. Our room (602) was updated, clean and comfortable. There's a Keurig in the room which is a plus, but it would be nice if they had actual liquid creamer instead of powder packets. The bathroom definitely needs to be renovated but it was clean. The things people are talking about in the reviews such as the narrow halls and small elevator are not that serious unless you are bringing your furniture with you. Also, the parking is $12 for 24 hours. My only other complaint would be that the bath towels are a bit small and not very soft.

We would definitely stay here again if we got a good deal.
A friend and I stayed in this hotel for 3 nights over a weekend during a visit to Philly.  The location is perfect right in the center of everything and there is discounted parking across the street at $12/night.  The hotel was under renovation so the lobby and elevator still weren't finished, but the elevator was still usable.  There was no furniture yet in the lobby other than a temporary desk setup for a staff person.  Our room wasn't fully renovated yet so there was some dried paint on the carpet but other than that the room was really nice and clean and had a new flat panel TV (though very limited channels). However, although the new shower system was super fancy with a thermostat and a bunch of different jets, it was impossible to get a consistent temperature.  In fact, typically the temperature would continue to keep going up to dangerous levels even after turning it all the way down to 68degrees (the lowest setting) so that for all 3 nights we had trouble with it and I had to jump out of the shower early twice because the temperature was getting too hot to stand and I couldn't get it to go back down!  We reported the problem twice and both times they said maintenance would look at it, but it was never fixed (not sure if they ever came to attempt to fix it or not).  Also there are no temperature controls for the air in the room (heater/ac), but it was a comfortable temperature that was warm enough for the winter nights we were staying there.  There was a window in the room but it looked out into an internal area that was more of a shaft where you could just see the window across the hall and very little light came through the top.  Though since we faced the inside our room was very quiet and had no issues with the noise level.  Most of the staff were very helpful and friendly.  There was free wireless but it wasn't always working consistently.  I would stay here again for the location and good price, but wish they would at least get the shower temperatures straightened out as that was a serious issue.
Our room was was clean enough and staff were pleasant enough. I've stayed in better and worse places. 3 stars all the way.

The room was tiny and we were told the bed was a queen but it was definitely a full. There was just enough room for us to get changed and move around a bit. The size was far from comfortable. The "in room coffee" is a Keurig machine. Don't bother with it and walk to a good coffee shop. If you must, there is a Starbucks directly across the street. 

The major down side of this place is that the walls are thin. We were next to the room with the unattached bathroom situation- so every time someone in their room went to use the can, we knew. They also managed to slam both damn doors EVERY frigging time. This is to say, this isn't the quietest location ever. I don't sleep well in hotels anyway, but my wife, who can sleep through explosions (no, really, true story) didn't get a lot of sleep either. 

The room had no AC and got to be sauna hot around 1am.  I would not want to stay here in July or August. The elevator was dinky, barely enough room for us and our luggage. However, it got us to our floor without issue. The halls are narrow and carpeted in a weird squishy carpet. The same in the room. It is however clean.

The saving grace of this place- it's location. Smack in the middle of Philly  and walking distance to everything and anything you might want to see. I mean let's face it, you don't get a room in the center of the city because you plan on spending a ton of time in it. If like us you check in, shower, change, and get out, come back, sleep, and repeat. 

As for the parking validation- they take $12 off your bill for each DAY you pay. So if you park on day one and go past midnight, you get charged for a second day. 

Anyway. A mediocre room in a spectacular location.
Never Again!

Hotel was under construction at the time, but the lobby looked like a gutted office building. Some guy sitting behind a 'desk' with a filling cabinet full of payment and personal information, unsettling.

We get our keys and headed up to our room. The smallest elevator and hallways ever! I'm 5'8" but I'm not a wide person by any means (size 8) and I was almost touching the walls on both sides.

The room was so small you could barely walk around the desk to the other side of the bed. The room was freezing we asked them to turn up the heat but I don't think that ever happened. The bathroom just looked old, clearly not updated... Makes me question what all the construction was about...

Staying elsewhere next time I'm in Philly.
So so is my best description. If you're looking for a reasonable priced, modernized,  "I'm here you sleep" spot then this is the place.  If you are a light sleeper avoid this hotel as I was woken up multiple times a night each day I was there. On one day in particular a construction crew started repairs on my floor at 7:15 am!
The hotel was clean and the staff were great,  but next time I'm starting elsewhere due to the noise.
I spent 2 nights here at the Rodeway Inn in downtown Philadelphia on 10/10-11/2013. I thought I had booked a room here with 2 beds, but as it turned out, I was given a room with a King bed. The property is pretty cool, a bit dated, and i think it is the 1st Rodeway Inn brand I have stayed at ever. The room I was assigned to was on the 3rd floor. #305. I asked if there was any available room for 2 beds or if they had any roll away beds, but the lady at the desk said no. Guess they were pretty booked or just trying to ignore me. It was alright though, as my group and I made due.

This Rodeway Inn property is located centrally in downtown Philadelphia on Walnut Street. Centrally located to most major attractions in the historic district and easy access to Chinatown and the immediate vicinity. The lobby to the Rodeway was kind of bare, but it is what it is. Very white and clean though. The check in process was nice as well as the check out process as well. The room itself was small and intimate. The bed was amazingly soft and comfortable. I really need to get a bed like that when I get home. Nightly room rates were valued at $159/night, but I got a deal on Priceline.com for $109/night. Talk about crazy deal making! Without a doubt, this place is good for your money. Everything else that was here was good and worked property. 

The room itself was very clean and immaculate upon entering the room. The television was mounted on the wall, so that made watching tv much more cool. There was also a mini fridge and a microwave in the cabinets. The shower was working properly and the room was clean and very hospitable to sleep in and quite nice to enjoy. The elevator that came up and down to all five levels to the property. It kind of squeaked as it carried us, but it was adequate. The stay was adequate for my needs and was great for the price I paid

Support local!

B+
we were told by brian k the manager the he proclaimed himself as a "huge fucking asshole" and told us he was cancelling our reservation. we asked for a room with 2 beds since the property was described he got security and told security/owner of the hotel to throw us out.these people royally suck....do not give them your money.....bad people extremely bad energy
So I'm giving this experience at Rodeway Inn one star based on how the staff had handled a situation that occurred in my room. Long story short I woke up at 7am because there was water spilling from my ceiling. Someone had flooded their bathroom in the floor above me. I called the staff to alert them to this. They didn't come to my room for another 15 minutes. They brought me down to the front desk and started to get me another room. I told them that it's okay, I'd just like a refund, or even partial refund, because I did not pay good money for this to happen, and to be inconvenienced with water spilling into my room (which they only knew about because of me). The whole point in my getting the room was to sleep. My sleep was ruined abs I was angry. I spoke calmly and kindly even though this is how I felt and the desk man only retorted with a condescending tone. He told me that he could not do a refund. I would never recommend Rodeway Inn to anyone, or ever stay there again. I spend money all over this city and I have never been treated so rudely. DO NOT GO HERE.
horrible place too stay unprofessional and room service are ghetto non supervised females
This place was a-okay for what I needed it for: a place to sleep, shower, be hungover, and change the bandages on my blistered feet. I'm very demanding of my hotel rooms, as you can tell. My room had a bed, a bathroom, a TV, and an electrical outlet. Check! My towel was very artfully folded - props! It's in an absolutely bomb location and is really inexpensive, considering. Can be difficult to spot while driving; look for the blue awning.

The staff was friendly and courteous. I was locked out at 3 AM, called the hotel, and a man let me in quickly. The afternoon desk girl was super nice! My room got cleaned. Nothing disappeared or exploded when I was there. It was quiet inside - I think I was the loud one this weekend, sorry about the stumbling up the stairs, guys.

Oh the stairs! They're so narrow, but that makes them a lot harder to fall down. The elevator is cute, too. Seriously! It's an old building, a small place. It's a little quirky, which earns it points with me. I can stay in a Holiday Inn any day. Next time I'm in Philly, I'll definitely stay here again.
I recently stayed here with a friend and chose this hotel based on location and price. Yes, the elevator is small and slow and reminded me of the ones in Europe. Take the stairs when you don't have your luggage. The front desk staff was very friendly. 

We were in town to see my cousins band play so we had a late night. Before 9am I woke up to construction in the room next door. This included persistent hammering and screwing and cutting right next to or into our shared wall. They mine as well have been in our room. I called down to the front desk 3 times asking about it and requesting it to stop. Although the man apologized and claimed he went up stairs each time asking them to stop, they didn't. Just when I thought they did, I would be jolted from my bed again. 

This place would have gotten at least 4 stars from me if it wasn't for the construction. I understand they need to improve the building or rooms but then you shouldn't be placing someone so close to the work. 

I am traveling to PA very soon and would have definitely stayed here. Now, I would only stay here if they gave me a discount and assured no unwanted wake ups.
Clean, small, no air, but you can open the windows, did I say small?  It has all the amenities of a full size room, but in Fun size, the whole hotel. The location is great, WIFI lags, but I had my Hot Spot to write this.
In the center of great bars and big hotels this place is perfect. $130.00 for the night, $30.00 tax plus $12.00 for over night parking across the street, $172.00 is cheap for a room.  Down there for a wedding reception, didn't feel like paying $250.00 for a room(going rate for all hotels in that area). Room was clean, modern, and big shower. Only down fall was no bathroom door (it's to the side in an out cove) and you cant control the air conditioning. Although the front desk was more than happy to drop the air down.If you need a place to crash, don't care about a pool, or hotel bar (tons of bars all over)this is the perfect place.
I recently spent a few days in Philadelphia at the Rodeway Inn. Besides being a little hard to locate this place it was a great find for future visits. The staff was friendly and the location was perfect. Plenty of restaurants and stores around (Starbucks across the street!) and not too busy considering it's the middle of a major US city.

If only I could figure out how to get one of those comfy beds into my suitcase.

See you soon Philly!
The customer service was just unhelpful and not very good. We won't be staying there again.
Great location. Room was small, but extremely clean (even by my standards) Had everything we needed, (microwave and fridge) Bathroom was awesome, the only thing I can compain about is the lack of tissues! Front desk- Richard-went way beyond what you would expect. In all our travels, have never encountered such service from a desk clerk! Double his pay- definitely a keeper!!
Nice hotel., except the HORRIBLE customer service ruined the experience. If you get Alanna at the front desk prepare yourself for an attitude. I'll think twice before staying here again.
Not a bad place, but probably would stay down the road @ Holiday Inn Express (stayed there a few years back - free breakfast and a little  more updated)  After reading some other review, it seems like Rodeway is in the process of updating, but we didn't notice any equipment to lead us to believe that (no workers, ladders, paint cans, construction equipment, etc...)  Upon check in, very odd lobby.  Very roomy, but empty -  seemed updated and "chic" (fake fireplace at shoulder height in wall, very modern lighting), but then there were cruddy looking couches in front window, 2 used, shabby looking desks for check in.  We were basically ignored by 2 employees talking, no introduction or 'welcome' by either.  Were able to check in upon arrival though (plus), and the employees were nice, just a little lacking in personal customer service.  Enter teeny tiny non-ADA (Amer.Disability) compliant elevator.  BARELY fit 3 adults.  Turned corner towards room - hallway about 2 feet wide.  Door VERY difficult to open - rubbing on carpet; bathroom wall had to be cut out AROUND the corner of the toilet tank, blowdryer outlet partially IN shower - had to adjust curtain to cover it, dirty/used washcloth hanging on shower curtain rod; forgot our toothbrushes/hotel does not carry them; HUGE closet - ridiculously big actually.  Room was comfy and seemed updated otherwise...  stay was fine, probably wouldn't stay there again, though.  Discounted parking across the street and good location... PLUS ++
Terrific little hotel tucked away in downtown Philadelphia. The building is old and has been renovated to modern design and I think it adds to the charm. The elevator was quite small - you almost have to turn sideways to get through its door but it gives away to the possible age of the building.
The rooms are nice, the bed is HUGE and comfy. The in-suite washrooms are modern and clean. The floor had an uneven spot on it but I thought it added to the charm of the building age. Maybe some day they'll remove the carpets and expose some amazing original hardwood flooring. 
The location is terrific - lots of terrific little eateries in the neighborhood and it's quite centrally located.
This was the worst hotel experience of my life. What I was hoping to be a cheap, convenient stay turned into one of the most unprofessional, shady business interactions I've ever experienced. I booked my stay over 2 months ago for a conference I was attending. About a week before my trip I received a phone call stating the room was no longer available and I would have to pay an upgrade fee for a different room. I called and explained that I had booked the room well in advance and that it wasn't my fault the room was no longer available, and that I was unable to pay any more for a room. I was told by Cory that my room would be upgraded with no extra fees. But when we checked in, we weren't in the upgraded room. Which that was the original room we booked, so I was ok with that except for the fact that I was lied to about what we would receiving. There was constant miscommunication and no attempt to rectify the situation. During our stay, our keys stopped working multiple times and there were serious issues with the heat and AC. Overall, not a great stay. Then after I checked out, I checked my bank account and noticed that I was charged an extra $337.45 on top of the $552.85 I had already paid. I immediately called back and Cory told me the manager had placed those charges, but that he was unavailable to talk. And this is the same answer I've received the past several times I've called. There has still been no attempt to explain their actions or rectify the situation. Do not stay here.
This place has bedbugs. That's right. Bedbugs. And no one working there did anything to help. This place is a joke and should be shut down by the health department. DO NOT STAY HERE UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES
Looks like I am a contrarian vs other recent reviews in that I really liked the Rodeway Inn Center City.
True, it's an economy hotel (no breakfast, no restaurant, no bar nor pool on premises) but this Rodeway offers value in a great location.

The hotel encompasses seven floors but there are fewer than 40 rooms in total (making me wonder how they can afford to staff the front-desk 24 hrs per day). Rooms are on the small side but clean and perfectly adequate. Even a Keurig machine & 2 bottles of water upon arrival. Fridge and microwave in the room.

True, one does not have the ability to control the room temperature but the temp was fine for me (on a hot summer day). 
My window offered a limited street view. The room was very quiet considering it is located in the midst of Philly. 

Note- some rooms (including mine) have "backwards" showers in that the temperature control is backwards from the norm. The hottest temp occurs when the lever is placed closest to the off position. 
And some rooms (not mine) have external bathrooms---these are the cheapest rooms (be careful if you don't want this type of room). The bathroom is accessed externally, by crossing the lobby.
On a longer visit this past weekend a couple things that I noticed that I never did before.

1. The windows. I could have sworn they were open since the people outside sounded like they were in the room with me. I stayed on THE THIRD FLOOR. I can only imagine what it sounded like on lower floors. This is a busy area so this can be a serious draw back for light sleepers (as my companion was) 

2. I know the "breakfast" is free but to have the coffee machine not work at 9 AM? NOT COOL

but all and all still worth the price for the location and rooms.
Three stars for the great location and friendly staff and clean room. But the worst part of my trip is there was no heat in the room. This was in the middle of winter when it was below zero. My first night I was freezing. Called and asked twice to have the heat turned up. They have a little vent in the ceiling for heat. They said of course we will turn the heat up. They do it from outside my room. Lies I continued to freeze. It is an old building that does not have good installation or vents. I had to turn on the shower  and steam the room to remain warm. Next time if I stay there it will be in the spring only. And I'm sure the summers are a sweat box.
I received  excellent customer service ( i wanna say the guys name was brian?)  very helpful and professional. Location is good and within walking distance of pretty much anything.  Room was one of the smaller rooms I've ever been in but served its purpose. thing that threw me off was there were no windows (in my room) this bothered me to be honest. Only other negative was how is there no computer in the lobby for guests to use?  Either way, the hotel served its purpose for me. if you are in town for 1-2 days, this is worth it.
First time visitor to Philadelphia, traveling by myself, so I was looking for a place right in the middle of the action - and this place was it. A few blocks from the train station, a few blocks from the subway, a few blocks from a Indego bike rack, restaurants galore, I could go on and on .... I stayed a Friday and Saturday night and it's a busy area, so I could hear some partying going on out on the street late into the night, but a shut window got rid of that. Michael, the hotel receptionist, was so friendly and eager to help out if anything was needed. The room was perfect for the price, the bed was very comfortable and it was nice to have a mini fridge. I would stay here again in an instant. I'm a budget traveler, so this is typically the types of hotels I look for and it was a perfect match. The only suggestion, I would have for the place, is to provide a fan in the room. With the window shut, it would be nice to have some air circulating - as it was a muggy day and night.
I found front desk staff (Brian) rude.  He was rude to me and to another.  He overreacts and creates drama.  Bad vibe.  Dont stay there.  Plenty of other hotels.  Club Quarters and another hotel a few blocks down 12th are better choices.
We booked this hotel for my wife's conference for ICU doctors that now due to the coronavirus has been canceled.  Due to the pandemic, she is now required to work in the ICU to save lives, but the hotel refused to allow us to cancel the hotel for anything outside of the full price costing us $430 per night as the conference that is now canceled had increased the demand dramatically.  We had hoped that due to COVID-19 they would reconsider and make an exception for a doctor who instead will be saving lives in the ICU.
After reading many reviews on here, I was a bit nervous about this hotel. My wife and I were pleasantly surprised about the hotel. The hotel is in the middle of the city and has easy access to everything. Although the room and hotel are a bit small, it was still very comfortable and clean. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a hotel in the city. The staff was also very nice at check in. We even have a decent size refrigerator in the room to keep our taste adult beverages nice and cold.
Where do I begin: I work with a private organation presantly concerned with illegal practises during the time of Covert-19. My own issues and consumers is similar to p experience similarly the same, here is what I found during my stay; Through April 2020 thru November 1st, 2020. In my research I came across information about Red Roof Inn, Red Roof Suites, Red Roof Plus and Roadway Inn which are under the "Patel" Group and of 80 % of this industry and that mean have monopolized this industry. So if you have wondered why you're seeing so many East Indians as the first person you see. Now I do not have a problem with them coming here to this great country to gain wealth because they worked and mobolized and  created opportunities here. Afterall that is what this country was built on. In saying that, the work isn't over. If it were not for customers were would they be. I came here during the first Covert-19 shut down because the landlord needed to ask us to leave so that he could fix all that needed reparing. I called the governor's ofc. early on and they first suggested to shelter in a motel. Who knew it still be around this long, really? Needless to say, I've been spending all of my savings to the tune of 16,000 as if it were 6.00 to these people. It was my experience with these motels their in need an emergency diversity training and learn about the culture of America by improving on their interpersonal skills, how to cater to the consumer in this country and the best country in the world, we expect quality I expect more, I expect to be treated with  respect. Trust me this motel never has more than 6 cars in the parking lot on any given day and weekends too, then it's front desk the first person you come across is extremely rude. Instead of "hello, welcome tlo Roadway Inn". They have called my room first thing every morning saying I have to leave because it's the day I am scheduled to check out. We have spent our money to the tune of 14,000 and a couple of thousand dollars for food and we will no longer except mistreatment. A couple of weeks ago my fiancee and I both found jobs in the area and expect to receive our first pay soon but immediately I started requesting help after spe This hotel knew all about that, but they have always had enouh to pay each and everyday and they will admit it. Now I am aware that this is a business and must operate as such however, staying away from home should be a great experience where you chould be made to feel welcoming, with all the ammenities i.e. a friendly experience, gym, daily maid service instead of once a week. They advertised breakfast, no food is offered you have to ask for toilet paper, SMH when instead I gotten nothing but, nasty responses, threats of throwing us out, saying, they wouldn't rent to me because I am sick and they will not rent to me again. In my defense I explained that I was not sick, I suffer from respiratory problem and I could report them for discrimination. The women in the office retorted to something I stated: I thought we were on the same level because I had been working through the churhes but she responded by saying I not on your level because your here and I am not. There's noway I am like you. Here's my answer to that, this place is a dump for one thing and they have roaches matterfactly I literally saw them in other rooms flipping mattress and spraying them down. Two days later I say a roach in my room but immediately handle that problem. They also tacked on more on my bill because we have a dog which some hotels do charge a fee, but the thing is they didn't charge us until now. Why now, is it because management has a problem with me because I finally speak up. To anyone who have had similar experiences and refuse to patronize them until they get their act together. Stop letting these people get away with this happen to you at the hands of the  "Patel" machine. Look for American Owned hotels, the extra money you spend is well worth it and you will be treated with appreciation and respect for spending your hard earned money. I like to recommend Candlewood Suites, do your research.
Very confused by this place. I made a reservation and was shown photos of the room to on the website. The room in the photos was lovely and had a tidy looking bathroom is n the room. Come to find out the room had NO bathroom at all and instead has a communal bathroom. Not sure what the photos I saw were about but for $250.00  a night I expect to at least  have a toilet in my room!!
So my friend paid for this hotel for a 2 day concert we're attending this weekend. And when we first checked in, both the concierge and the staff were friendly and professional.

Now let me tell you about this 2nd prick working the front desk. The maid mistakenly saw just my friend and gave her only one big towel. Since we both have to shower, I go downstairs and ask for one more. Man instantly tells me the maid gave us three, and then asks me to bring him the towels. I do, hold each one up to show there is one big towel and two hand towels. He then further tells me I'm lying as the maid told him she gave three. I literally said go check my room if you don't believe me, 306. Apparently then, he realized he thought I was in a different room. That's fine, it's a mistake. Still don't appreciate being called a liar, but whatever.
 
THEN after he already knows I'm in 306 with only two people in the room, he charges my friend's card another $40, claiming we have three people. Did we not just have this conversation? 

You charged her card extra cause you don't like me and you thought it was my card. Thanks for being a jerk and ruining my vacation.

Bottom line, this hotel was so nice, but because of his petty games, I do not recommend.
Booked room  online  for $200 per night. They charged me  $400 for Friday night.  When two men came in and asked room rate they were told   $165.    I  asked why I was charged $400. for one night and the clerk / manager. said I had 2 beds and 3 people in the room.  I would never have booked this room if I knew I would be paying $400 for one night.    It  looks like a budget hotel .There was no heat in the room.  The clerk became nasty and   sarcastic when I complained about the jump in price.
