The Roost is a really nice place with a great staff and great location but I think they have a lot of kinks to work out. We were there over Thanksgiving holidays(2014) but I don't think all the apartments were ready yet or at least the apartments they advertised/described on the internet anyway. Don't get me wrong I loved the place and the staff, especially Daniel and Nikki they were amazing but maybe they just opened a little too soon or something. A SHOJI SCREEN DOES NOT MAKE AN APARTMENT A 2 BEDROOM. Sorry guys I need a door, I need some privacy.Their description of the apartment on Booking.com was definitely wrong but I guess those are things that will get fixed in time. I know that they have different apartments that they're gonna rent out so they should definitely make sure that they take pictures of that particular apartment and give the descriptions to that particular apartment before you book it since they're all different because not everyone is going to be as understanding as we were. 
        For example, there were 4 of us and supposedly it was a 2 bedroom apt. but when we got there it was a 1 bedroom with a master bathroom, guest bathroom and a second area with a Shoji Screen that they had blocked off to make a "2nd bedroom." The Shoji Screen divided the Living Room and the "2nd bedroom" which we think used to be an office or a study probably. The apartment was really nice, it had new appliances, a big kitchen, a big living room, a big tv in the living room, a cool fake fireplace and a TV in the "2nd bedroom." We were staying the entire week so we decided to call the manager and let her know that on Booking.com it said it was a 2 bedroom apt. and that for the amount we were paying we should really have a door and an actual room not a makeshift room. I mean some privacy would be nice right?  Nikki was really nice and said that she would see what she could do. Later on we get a phone call telling us that there's a 2 bedroom we can move to. We decide to check it out first before we moved all of our stuff. So, the 2nd apt. had  2 actual rooms with 2 doors but the kitchen is smaller, the living room is way smaller, it's definitely not as new or nice AND .......(here comes the deal breaker.) there's no TV in our room. Soooo it's not happening. I'm not staying in a room that doesn't have a TV in it for a week, especially not for what we're  paying. So we just stayed in the room with the Shoji Screen. 
       Nikki was really sweet and her and Daniel went out of their way to try to make everything right. We realize it wasn't their fault so we didn't want to be ugly, argue or complain a lot but there really should have been some kind of discount offered or something but I guess since we had already paid for the room a while back nothing was ever discussed. There were other things that were wrong too but I don't even feel like getting in to it because I know they had just opened and hopefully they'll get all those things worked out. Nikki and Daniel were great and despite everything I would stay here again just because I know that they've probably corrected all these problems by now. Well I hope so anyway since they've had 6 months to do so. All the other things that we had problems with Daniel and Nikki went out of their way to fix for us so as far as customer service goes they were amazing.
We stayed here again and of course all the problems that they had last year have been corrected. The staff is always super helpful and friendly, Daniel still works here and he always knows about good places to go eat and about other cool things that are going on in the city.(Christmas Village at Love park, ice skating at Dilworth park etc..) Chris was also very nice and helpful with anything that we needed. The entire staff here including the cleaning staff is always very sweet and helpful. Isaac was very nice and came up in no time when we were having problems with our TV. I think they definitely have all their kinks worked out since they've been open for a little longer now. We definitely enjoyed our stay and would recommend this place to anyone looking for a great place to stay while in Philly. Great location, great apartments and great friendly and helpful staff.
I can't say enough about how excellent my stay at ROOST. I was in Philadelphia for a particularly challenging project and coming back to ROOST (pun intended) was always the best part of my day -- right after getting that hard-earned cocktail which I usually found thanks to the accompanying neighborhood guide app. My apartment was spacious with beautifully laid hardwood floors, high ceilings and large windows that let in all of the best light. The interior design was perfectly appointed in a contemporary/mid-century modern aesthetic that put all of my own furniture to shame back home. The kitchen was stocked with all the necessities one would need for cooking up something or even just tucking into some take-out. I was particularly impressed by the coffee set up -- you can tell they invested in top-notch machines and all the latest accoutrements to brew the perfect cup. Oh and the bed! The sheets were feather soft and the mattress was perfectly firm; you can imagine how hard it was to wake up early and leave that soft cloud. The floors were very quiet and peaceful which made it nice to come back and relax and put on my own music on the little stereo. The concierge was always super helpful and answered any questions I had, or any directions I needed. The building was located three blocks from the City Hall train line which was exactly what I needed to transport myself -- I always look for centrally located lodging and this hit the mark. It was also about one or two blocks in either direction to the best restaurants and bars. I recommend Oscar's for a classic Philly dive bar or Dandelion two blocks further for a fancy cocktail and some delicious dinner. 

Basically it felt like I was living in an upgraded version of my home, or a home of someone I know who has the best taste and all of the coolest stuff. It has a really dialed in level of comfort and ease that did not go unappreciated. 

All in all I loved staying at ROOST. I actually was a bit sad to leave because I felt so cozy and taken care of there! It made me excited for my next stay which can't come fast enough.
Three words about my recent stay at Roost --- Absolutely Loved It!!   As a road warrior who misses his home greatly while traveling, I have stayed in hotels, extended stays, and corporate apartments around the world.  I was blown away by the comfort, class, and remarkable attention to detail at Roost in Philadelphia.  Who ever came up with this idea and created Roost is on to something big and I will definitely stay at Roost every chance I get.  They can't grow into other cities fast enough!

Here's just a few of the many highlights from my recent stay.  First of all I love visiting Philadelphia so pardon my bias.  Roost is located in the beautiful Packard Building.  I love architecture and trendy looking buildings and this is one gorgeous building located in a fun (and safe!!) part of Philly.  That alone makes it a perfect place for me because I love to get out and find fun new bars and restaurants when I'm traveling. I struck gold here.  I knew I was in for something special when I met the super nice and knowledgeable concierge and got a read on the fitness center along with the many other amenities that Roost offers.

That was just the beginning.  As you can probably tell, I am not much of a review writer, but let me tell you, my suite--- make that, my new home away from home, blew me away.  The guys who designed Roost have thought of everything.  The airy loft-like floor plan is amazing and as good as any I've seen in other top-notch boutique hotels.  I'm not much of cook at home either but the tricked out kitchen makes me want to become a chef now.  Wow.  All the way from a vintage red toaster that made me smile to fully stocked cabinets this place had it going on. 

They obviously had the best interior decorators around decorate the place because my suite left nothing to chance.  Pictures, books, plants, cool rugs-- all of it, seemed hand selected for their own homes...and get this, it even had a big screen Apple TV.  Somehow they preserved the history of the building and its high ceilings and turned the layout into an spacious  and smartly laid out floorplan.  Yes my own home was decorated by an expensive decorator but perhaps I need to show her how Roost did it.  Yet, as nice and detail oriented as it was, it was also comfortable and cozy and for once I didn't feel like I was in yet another bland and lonely hotel.

My bed was amazing as was the bathroom. I don't know about you, but if a hotel has a wonderful bed and bathroom I can usually overlook other shortcomings. In this case, I let the spa-like shower wash my stresses away.  

Do yourself a favor the next time you need something above ordinary and find a Roost.  If you are half as happy as I was you'll be bragging to your friends too. 

Thanks Roost -- you nailed it in Philly!!
BEWARE ROOST MAY NOT HONOR YOUR RESERVATION MADE MONTHS IN ADVANCE.

My family and I booked a trip from the west coast to Philly back in May. We planned on staying over a week and were traveling with small children. After agonizing over dozens of Airbnb's, and Hotels we were pleased to discover the modern clean and spacious looking ROOST. We promptly secured our spot, booked flights, and went about our business anticipating our trip. 

Earlier this week I needed to add on an extra day to the trip for a business meeting, I called and spoke to someone who verified my reservation and said he saw no issues with why we wouldn't be able to add a day, however I would need to confirm with Bethany. The next day I received an email from a gentleman saying not only would we not be able to tack on an extra day, but the reservation we had booked 3 months earlier was not going to be able to be honored due to a current guest wanting to extend their stay. We were moved to an Oakwood property that we did not select in the hours we spent making our decision where we wanted to stay.

Their communication on our matter said repeatedly: "As you may know, ROOST is an extended stay hotel with an average stay of 2 months...", a fact I did not know given their website has a minimum stay of 6 nights and advertises ROOST as: "one and two-bedroom apartments for temporary and extended stays".

The timing of my contacting them and this development left me wondering, had I not reached out would anyone have told us we didn't have a room? Would I have arrived late at night after a long day of travel with two toddlers and my wife to find we had no place to sleep?

We selected ROOST for it's unique modern feel and were moved to the Oakwoods, a bland corporate apartment chain that feels like your accountant picked out the furnishings. I believe ROOST knows the difference since they went the extra mile to differentiate their property from places like Oakwood. I have stayed at the Oakwoods in the past and I am fine with it on business travel, but it's not the type of place would have picked for a vacation with my children if given the option.

We have since canceled our reservation and found a cute Airbnb nearby. I would not recommend ROOST, particularly if you are not staying for 2 months, book at your own risk.
I stayed at The Roost last week and was very pleased with the accommodations. It's two floors within a larger apartment building and the one bedroom I had was clean and comfortable. 

Pros
Great location in Center City
Comfortable bed and extremely quiet for sound sleeping
Nice towels, shampoo and bathroom amenities
its new, so nice furniture and appliances
Decent gym and nice outside terrace 

Cons
It's not a hotel so there is no daily maid service and no bar or food
They could add a couple of things to kitchen for arrival such as paper towels. Kitchen could also use a cooking sheet

If you need an extended stay it's a lovely location and site and the front staff is very warm. I recommend it!
My fiancee and I stayed at the Roost in a 2 bedroom unit on the 5th floor for 2 months (June and July, 2015). We were in Philadelphia for business and needed a comfortable place close to our office on Market street that would accommodate the 2 of us + our dog (medium sized Border Lab mix). We looked several options in the area and settled on the Roost based on the quality of the units, kitchen and laundry in unit, dog-friendly, adjacent parking, and the flexibility of the lease (we weren't 100% set on a return date).

The Roost worked out really well for us. The price was very reasonable (relative to other apartment hotels and local hotels). It was easy for us to walk our dog in Dilworth park or Rittenhouse square. The location, while VERY convenient is in a VERY congested part of Philadelphia--traffic, construction, bars, restaurants, etc. 

The only real issue was in the nature of the lease. The sales person (and the lease) described the ability to extend the lease with approx 15 days of notice. We tried to extend for an extra week (with appropriate notice) due to business needs, but were informed that there was no availability. We were not happy at the prospect of having to relocate, given that we had 2-months worth of stuff and our dog. After a lengthy email exchange with the manager of the property, we were finally offered relocation to another 2 bedroom unit in the Roost (the Penthouse, which was an upgrade over our unit, for the same price as our original unit; they also handled the moving of our stuff...THANK YOU, ISAAC!!!). The only issue was that we had to move out for a day before we could move into the new unit. They offered to pay for another location, but we opted to go it on our own for 1 night. Was this a big pain? Yes. Did we feel that management was breaking the terms of the lease? Yes. Were we ultimately accommodated and treated well? Absolutely. 

In the end, I would return to the Roost. My take is that the management is still working out the kinks, and as popularity (demand) grows they will need to adjust their leasing terms.

The Pros: 
-Easy reservation and payment processes
-The staff (special shoutouts to Daniel at the front desk, Isaac who heads up facilities, and Daniel Cruz who manages the Roost)
-The size of the units
-Fully-equipped kitchen
-Convenient location in the heart of Philadelphia
-Adjacent parking with a GREAT staff
-Nice rooftop gym and balcony

The Cons:
-Noisy and congested part of the city
-Sparsely decorated unit (our first place had very little art or decoration, while the Penthouse was beautifully appointed)
-Issues with extending the stay
-Small(ish) washer and dryer
I always stay at the Bellevue for work travel, but it was booked, so I took a chance with the Roost.
I literally want to move in there - its an amazing place to stay and so comfortable and QUIET.  I will never stay at another hotel when I travel to Philly. So good!
I cannot say enough how pleased I was with my stay!!!! I had to temporarily relocate for work to Philadelphia from the St. Louis Missouri area. I moved into Rittenhouse for 2 months! This was the best apartment hotel stay ever! I travel often for work, but this spot would be at the top of my list! First you are greeted by a super friendly helpful staff! Shawn was my favorite front desk assistant. He was so welcoming and helpful from the day I checked in! Anytime I called to the front desk he was ready to assist. I was in need of hand towels. He brought them u to my room with no hesitation! I also enjoyed his music selection he would have playing quietly in the background as he worked. He also knew me and my guest by name and always greeted us! When I received packages, he ensured I received them immediately! I can not even begin to express how amazing the housekeepers are!!!! They cleaned my room once a week! I felt like royalty after every cleaning! They would even line my shoes up neatly and arrange all of my cosmetics on the bathroom counter so neatly!!!!!! They went above and beyond!!!!!!!! The apartment had everything I needed to make me feel right at home. I also like the fact the doors are locked after 5pm.
Oh my gosh!!! My family stayed here for a few nights and it was amazing. I was concerned based off previous bad reviews, but it was spotless and the customer service was top notch. Only amazing things to say
