My husband and I were in Philadelphia for a little over two months and were lucky enough to stay at Roost Rittenhouse. The apartment itself is not only beautifully laid out/decorated, but it also felt incredibly homey. The location is fantastic, too. We were smack dab in the middle of everything and all was within walking distance. I do have to say that the very best thing about our experience was interacting with the amazing staff! Everyone at the front desk was not only personable, but gave great advice for places to eat and sights to see. I have to send a special thanks to Nate, Edward, and Marisol for being so incredibly awesome! 

If it isn't already obvious from my rating or gushing review: I can't recommend Roost Rittenhouse enough!
Loved it! Friendly staff, great location walkable to so many great bars, restaurants and shopping. Right across from Boyd's department store which is top-notch. The entrance is small, dark and not what you'd expect so arriving at night, our Uber driver had a very tough time finding it. And there are stairs outside and inside the entrance so lugging luggage is a bit of a chore and ADA folks may have issues. Also, there is not a restaurant or room service but anything you want is steps away. 

That said, we loved everything about it. It's more "extended stay" than hotel so it feels upscale homey. We wanted to move in. The public areas were warm and inviting and our room was more like a hip studio apartment which suited us well. The kitchen was fully outfitted and the bathroom was perfect. We had a corner room with a bunch of windows and loved it. 

We had a great time on our whirlwind week in Philadelphia and would absolutely stay here again.
I would give this place 20 stars! Absolutely the BEST accommodations I've EVER had in Philadelphia. Beautiful furnishings, upscale European appliances that you will have to google to figure out, landmark building in the safest and most lively neighborhood. Excellent attention to every detail and accommodating on everything else.
