This is the biggest drug infested, crime ridden, prostitution laced  SHIT HOLE in the city let alone the Northeast. This place has been in the headlines way too much for all the wrong reasons. Check out the surveillance video on You Tube of the shootout between drug dealers in the common hallway with bullets flying everywhere!!! Do yourself a favor and sleep in your car if your that desperate as to have to spend a night at this Shit Hole!!!!!
Me: "Excuse me, I'm staying in room 200. I just bought this suit for a wedding, but don't want to rip off the tags, may I borrow your scissors?"

White lady at front desk: "Did you steal this?"

Me: .......

There was a very nice and helpful housekeeping lady that was the only bright spot to this establishment.
We stayed in  Roozelvelt Motor Inn in January 2013. It was the worst experience ever.  Wifi was too slow to open even a Facebook page. Room was durty. There were white stains on the chear . Heater only had 2 options : keep it on very hot or turn it off. 
Room was very dark, some of the light bolts were missing. Bath tab was clogged . Shower made a crazy noise when we turned it on. 
There were some suspisios people outside of hotel and in the lobby, it felt like they are doing something illegal. ...  
PS: if you ended up staying there anyways, whatch out for bugs in the bad!!!
Management allowed human trafficking for years on underage minors, currently being sued, really they should face criminal charges. Not sure much else needs to be known, they had no sympathy for the victims, do not support these people.
Lawsuit Accuses Philly Hotel of Providing Rooms to Human Traffickers ...
www.phillymag.com/news/2017/03/.../philly-roosevelt-motor-inn-human-traffickers/
Mar 10, 2017 - Lawsuit Accuses Philly Hotel of Providing Rooms to Human Traffickers. A suit filed against the Roosevelt Motor Inn in Rhawnhurst is the first of its kind under the state's  on YOUTUBE. disgusting Forced to have sex with 1,000 men, a girl -17-is now suing the motel that ...
https://www.washingtonpost.com/.../forced-to-have-sex-with-1000-men-a-girl-is-now-su...
Mar 14, 2017 -
http://www.philly.com/philly/news/crime/First-of-kind-lawsuit-accuses-NE-Phila-hotel-of-accomodating-sex-trafficking.html?amphtml=y

Do not go here. Disgusting
After a horrible stay across the street I checked into the Roosevelt and stayed 4 nights. They allowed me to check in very early. The front staff was fantastic, very friendly and cooperative. The room was not fancy but it was clean and comfortable. Quiet stay. I checked out a day early and was granted a full refund. I left my wallet in my room but didn't realize this until I returned home. The manager mailed my wallet back and there was no money, credit cards, etc missing. I offered to pay for shipping but the manager refused. I would definitely stay here again.

Show less
