Great alternative to hotels

I stayed at the ROOST East Market while in Philadelphia for a conference at the Convention Center.  It is a short 3 minute walk.

These are "apartments" rather than just hotel rooms.  It is a suite that is basically a one-bedroom apartment.  There is a separate living room, a full kitchen, dishwasher, and in-room washer and dryer.   There is so much more room and storage than a hotel room.  

They have very nice extras.  There is a common recreation area on the third floor.  I went down there to do my computer work.  There is a pool table, a theater, gym, pool, barbecue, etc.  It has a community feel and people are very friendly.

There is a market a 2 minute walk away called Mom's - think local Whole Foods.  I bought groceries and cooked most of my meals for my stay.  Three days worth of groceries cost less than my one night out at a restaurant on the expense account.

There are plenty of restaurants and bars in the immediate neighborhood including the Iron Hill Brewery and Restaurant, the Hard Rock Cafe, and more.  There is a CVS Pharmacy around the corner from the market.

The only negative thing I can say is that it is on a brand new street and there are no street signs so it can be hard for your taxi or Uber driver to find it, but once you get here it is smooth sailing.

I've gotten spoiled and will always start looking for "apartments" for future business travels - and will probably most often be disappointed that I can't get them.  I'm definitely staying here when back in town for the next conference.
I wish I could give five stars. The hotel room is more like an apartment with bedroom, bathroom, living room, kitchen and office with full washer/dryer. The views are nice from the full ceiling to floor windows. It's in a great location to walk around the city. The third floor has lots of amenities great for those staying just couple nights or the longterm renters on the upper floors. There's an outdoor pool, demo kitchen, two lounge areas, pool table, dog area, and multiple grill/patio areas. The only reason I can't give five stars is the inability to get to sleep or stay asleep due to partying at the pool after closing hours. Our room was directly above the pool and a family was playing loud music for couple hours Fri night and I had to call the front desk multiple times about it. In their defense they may have at first misunderstood us as being pool music system and not the individual's. However, we were awaken at 4 am to loud music again and upon peering out the window literally saw couple naked in the pool doing their thing. I called front desk and shortly after the couple was gone. So unless they stop late night partying at pool I can't see us returning which is such a shame given how nice it is.
This place.was great, I stayed there Aug 2019 for a conference across the street at Loews. I am so glad I stayed here instead of Loews, this hotel is a lot more affordable and the rooms are actually apartments! Amazing amenities and great location, everything is in walking distance. I will definitely stay there again!!!
What a fantastic and stylish new place to stay in Center City!  Not only is it perfectly located with great restaurants all around (and two short blocks to the phenomenal Reading Terminal Market!), but the accommodations are spacious, beautifully decorated and quite comfortable.  The kitchen was wonderfully equipped; the bathroom was very spacious; and the massive double-door closet with drawer space inside was really impressive. The amenities floor has a fabulous outdoor pool and deck for the summer months, along with a large gym and beautiful common spaces. The front desk folks were extremely helpful, as were the managers I spoke with.We will DEFINITELY stay here on our next trips to Philadelphia.  What a find!
Absolutely the nicest staff I've met in a hotel. Beautiful rooms. Great amenities. The pool is my favorite of recent hotel stays.
