I was really worried about this place after seeing mixed reviews, but I decided to give it a go since I'm a Platinum. We stayed here two days so we could be close to the city but also close for our early flight back home.

The room was nice and large and wasn't too noisy. I didn't see any construction people had mentioned so I guess that's done with? As a Platinum member I got access to their lounge which was okay, but the coffee machine was down which is my favorite part. Also the hot food wasn't anything special. The lounge was pretty mediocre, so if you're booking this room just for the lounge, you may be disappointed.

The shuttle service was fast, especially since we got picked up at like 1 in the morning. I had no problems with the shuttle and the front desk is pretty good about explaining times.

One thing of note - I wouldn't recommend the parking lot. We were originally gonna park our car here, but as we pulled up we saw someone had their car window smashed and was complaining to the hotel about it. Technically the lot is owned by multiple hotels, so it's not a Sheraton thing. Either way I would be careful parking your car in here. You might be fine, but it was enough to spook us to just take our car back to the airport and take the shuttle back.
I had a colleague traveling with me and decided to stay at the airport to accompany. My company travel service had this hotel listed as the lowest priced corporate approved hotel. What it doesn't tell you is that the hotel is under major repair. Half the hotel is obstructed. From the elevator you can see the total destruction or construction in the main atrium area. Based on my status I was on the concierge level with a pretty nice room. My colleague without status was upgraded after he proved to the maintenance that his shower faucet broke from the wall and the wall was completely cracked. 
The concierge lounge was OK, but nothing to write home about. I would give this hotel one more try only after they are fully renovated.
I tried to change reservations to the airport Marriott at the last minute, but struck out.  So I had to go with my current reservations and stay at a (gulp) Sheraton. 

I was pleasantly surprised.  The lobby and atrium is attractive, if a bit dated and empty-feeling, and my room (on the Starwood preferred floor) was stunning, with two widescreen TVs, a mini fridge, and lots of luxury touches. Too bad internet access wasn't free, but no impact to me since work will pick up the tab.

I had my doubts about the restaurant downstairs, Relish, which is entirely based on gourmet burgers.  I decided to eat at the bar and watch the Eagles game. Man...those burgers were good! (three sliders: one crab, one chicken, one beef).  The Sierra Nevada on tap and friendly service didn't hurt either.

I wouldn't go here for an extended stay due to the lack of restaurant options nearby, but for one night it was great.

Plus, they offer a 24-hour shuttle, which was key for my O:dark:30 flight the next morning
I'm not a fan of writing negative reviews.  I'm an SPG member and do not stay here often. The property was apalling.   There are no excuses for dirty bath rooms.  The place was just run down and dirty.   Mold in the shower and the toilet.  Poor house keeping...
Myself and my friend enjoyed our time spent here. My first time was fall 2016 so this review is before the renovations that are currently taking place to the restaurant/bar area. The hotel is nice, staff friendly and I would stay here again and have recommended it to others since. The rooms come with 2 bed rooms one separated by it's own door, 2 flat screen tv, bathroom, refrigerator/freezer (make sure it's working on our 5th visit we had this issue), a private safe.  Also a gym, pool, vending machines and ice machines on each floor(5th visit the ice machine on my floor didn't work had to go to another level. Frustrating) Wi-Fi is $4 I believe. They normally have a breakfast buffet with eggs sausage bacon home fries make your own waffles cereal coffee bagels the regular. The food isn't gourmet the prices are steep but was worth the buffet. On the other hand with the renovations the restaurant area moved into a banquet hall set up nicely but they offer less for more money. 1 waffle, nasty eggs, sausage toast home fries and orange juice was like $16. They could come down on the prices!
If I can prevent one person from booking here I will feel better about myself....my experience:

1) Landed and waited for the shuttle that I was told runs every 20 minutes.
2) After waiting 30 minutes, I called and was told it should be there every 30-35 minutes...this wasn't told in an apologetic manner it was stated rudely as if I had put the person out by calling
3) After waiting 50 minutes I called again and asked if they could call the shuttle bus driver while I stayed on the line....they told me that the bus would be in there in no more than 5 minutes...it took 15
4) I called to speak to the manager while I was waiting and was disconnected and still haven't heard back.

I'm a Titanium Rewards member with over 1 million miles in my account and couldn't have been treated any worse...STAY AWAY!
Buckle up, this is going to be a doozy.

For a hotel that boasts "newly renovated" on its website, this place needs a LOT of work. I would have hated to see what it looked like before the renovation! The sidewalks have been painted but they are all cracked and crumbling. The interior looks very dated and dingy. My room was also dated and had someone's hair on the floor in the bathroom.
When you first arrive, you are forced to grab a parking ticket from the automated machine. You must use that ticket when you exit. It shows a charge but then cancels it out and opens the gate. Since the cost of parking is associated with your hotel bill, why is this ticket system necessary?
While we're on the topic of parking; at least for the 2-day duration I was there, the lot was FULL. Not just full, but at least 50 cars parked on curbs full. I came back around 9 pm one evening and was lucky to find a spot to the side in a very dark area. Did I feel safe? Absolutely not. Judging from the other reviews where guests either have had their car broken into or had their catalytic converter stolen, I consider myself lucky to have not suffered their issues.

The 2 good parts of the stay were that the bed and pillows were very comfortable, and it was nice to have large-sized toiletries in the bathroom (lotion, hand soap, shampoo, conditioner, and body wash).

Coming straight from another work trip, I had confirmed before my arrival that there were laundry facilities on-site. However, when I went down to the front desk this morning to get change, I was told I had to go to one of the other hotels to use theirs. They were "pretty sure" I would be able to get in. Uh, no thanks.

There was some sort of convention in progress and none of them were wearing masks. The hotel website states, "*Guests are required to wear personal face coverings in public spaces to help slow the spread of COVID-19."

The icing on the cake was when not one, but two separate incidents where people either had mistaken my room for theirs or were trying to get in. There is nothing like being woken up in the middle of the night with someone trying to get into your room. That's not necessarily the hotels' fault, but paired with the parking issue and lack of masks inside the hotel, this was enough for me to request being moved to another hotel for the rest of my stay in the area.
Booked a room 3 days in advanced and when I got there my room was has been occupied by someone else. In the end I got the filthiest room they had...
I was so bummed that I only got to spend about 8 hours here.  This was the least "expensive" hotel using points and cash with my SPG account.  It's a pretty nice place.  The rooms are great suites, but the beds aren't as comfy as most sheratons.  All in all - nice place to stay if you have an early flight - it's only minutes to the airport
Just a quick review. Front desk great! This is not a review of them. The room was fine.

This is about the restaurant. The food in the restaurant is REALLY bad. How do you mess up nachos? Food took forever, people who came in after us got served first. Nachos came out and looked like they were taken from a previous customer's uneaten nachos and thrown into a new bowl, globbed cheese tasted burned and chemically. GAG. Sent them back and got another bowl of chips with COLD orange cheese that looked like it was the stuff you get in a jar in the chip aisle in the grocery store. You could tell the waitress was embarrassed by it. Comped us a few drinks. She was nice.

DO NOT eat in the restaurant. Gross. How hard is it to make nachos? Microwaved RoTel and velveeta would have been a million times better.  I think they have a chef who hates cooking and people.
comfy beds and large rooms. nothing close by to walk to, but has a shuttle to the airport where you can catch the train. bar is way overpriced, food is nothing special and wi-fi is not free.
Pros: friendly and helpful front desk, impressive atrium, comfy beds, clean, got a pretty good deal on the price, not too far from downtown, nice room layout, spacious, enough TVs to keep everyone happy, starbucks coffee and tea in the room, nice and comfortable common areas with free wifi.

Cons: $7/day for parking, it rained while we were there so the gate where you had to swipe your room key or feed your validated parking pass stopped working and we got trapped a few times, $11 for wifi in room, no free breakfast [the cheapest option was $10 + $3 delivery charge + 18% gratuity + 8% sales tax and it was not that impressive], no vegetarian options on the room service menu, renovated bathroom had dingy grout [which is not a deal breaker but something that irks me.]

Overall, I felt like the quality was not bad for what I paid considering the price of the surrounding hotels. We enjoyed our stay. I think I wouldn't have minded paying more if things like parking and wifi were included and room service wasn't so ridiculous.
I missed my flight to London, so I ended up staying here for one night. I enjoyed my stay here, and the van driver arrived pretty quickly. It's about 5 minutes away from the airport, so it's very convenient if you are on a short layover. Great amenities, and the check in process was quick. The only issue I have is the lack of small restaurants around the hotel. There's really not much around here, so it's best to grab some food at the airport before overnighting here.
Parking Review Only :

- First GPS gave some hard time in finding this address. Finally got it via Mobile GPS.
- When I entered into hotel complex, at the entry took a ticket. 
- Then parked my car in some free slot and went to hotel reception. They said, just bring the   
   ticket and the payment voucher on my way back after the trip.
-  After 10mins waiting, they dropped us at airport.
- After returning from trip, called Hotel pickup desk. They said 20mins wait time and shuttle 
   arrived in 20mins. No complaints.
- Reception desk validated my ticket and left hotel without any issues.

   Got this deal from globalairportparking.com site.

  For 8 days paid $57 ( less 3 dollars coupon found online for global airport parking ) 

  Overall very much satisfied. I will return again If I travel from PHL.
I stayed here for a couple of months for work and let me tell you I enjoyed every bit of that stay. These rooms were super nice the beds were super comfortable and I liked how I had a TV in the living room or TV in my bedroom . Unfortunately the restaurant downstairs was closed because of the pandemic but I would imagine it's probably pretty packed in normal times. The front desk was very helpful with anything you might need in the parking was easy and plenty of it. I did use the shuttle for  a weekend in Miami they were able to run me to the airport and pick me up it was super convenient . I would highly recommend this place if you're in the area .
After sleeping on air mattresses for several days in the DC area (the downside of make a trip to see the inauguration), I was really looking forward to sleeping on a real bed before flying back to Oakland from PHL.

Unfortunately, due to traffic in Baltimore, meeting with friends in West Chester, an accident on a highway in the Philadelphia suburbs and meeting with more friends inside Philly, we didn't check in to this hotel until almost 1 AM.

Despite a very limited amount of time in this hotel, a king sized bed was welcome and so were the flatscreen TV's.

I only wish we were here longer.
-I was here for a business trip and I arrived at the hotel after 7:00pm. After my flight landed I called their shuttle service which was great. I only waited about 20 minutes till the shuttle got to me. 

-The shuttle dropped me off in front of the hotel which was good because it was a little rainy. Check in was easy and quick. I was surprised how nice and big the hotel was. It felt clean and quiet. 

-Upon entering my room, I was very pleased. The room had a huge bathroom, a kitchen area which had a sink, coffee maker and mini fridge. I also had a nice closet with hangers, a desk with an Ethernet cable, lamp and telephone. The television was decent and I had a few chairs to lounge. 

-The bed was comfy. The sheets were clean and the bathroom was fully stocked with toiletries and clean towels. I ordered room service since I was dead tired from flying from LA. I got a quote of my food will be delivered within 30 minutes. They took a little more than an hour. Their excuse was that they were busy. I'm not sure how true that was because when I walked my the restaurant, it was pretty much dead. Maybe they had more room service orders. The food was decent. 

-Overall, it was a nice stay. The food delay was a little annoying. Everything else was good and decent. Not a bad hotel if you are on a business trip.
I stayed here a few times before and had no complains but last night we stayed here again and it was TERRIBLE BED SHEETS were dirty, bathroom was incredible dirty, staff has no clue what they are doing. It just seems like nobody wants to be there and dont care about their job. The kitchen staff is rude and unprofessional and dirty
I stayed at the Sheraton Suites Philadelphia Airport this week due to a very early flight the following morning out of PHL. I have a history with this property - in the late 90s my firm conducted our orientation program here when the hotel was a Westin. I can report that the hotel is exactly as it was in 1999 - no upgrades to speak of. Very tired and worn.
 
After an uneventful evening I awoke to get ready for my flight only to discover the shower didn't work. Not bad water pressure, not bad drainage in the tub - the shower would not even turn on. I had no time to change rooms or to have someone come repair it due to my approaching flight time so I ended up using the sink and a washcloth to freshen up as best I could which led to a pretty awful day ahead of meetings at my destination. I was livid to say the least.
 
The front desk was manned by one woman at that early hour (5:30am) and it quickly became apparent that she was not empowered to help me with my issue in any way. I did explain the problem and handed her a business card; I asked her to have the GM contact me upon her arrival (supposedly she would be on site at 9am). Four days later and I have still not heard from anyone at the hotel.
 
Given my experience here and the general condition of the hotel, it's no surprise that it has lost it's Westin branding and is now a Sheraton. My company still sends quite a bit of business here but you can be sure that I will pass my experience on to my corporate travel department so my co-workers can stay elsewhere in the future. Problems happen in the hospitality industry but to lack even the most basic customer service is unacceptable.
This is a solid airport hotel.  Good for business travelers and those wanting close proximity to PHL.  Staff were very friendly and helpful.  Good breakfast and all the amenities you'd expect at a Sheraton: gym, pool, bar, restaurant, room service.  The shuttle from airport to hotel is also a nice perk.  

A couple of downsides: there are only 2 treadmills in the gym, so if running is your thing, just hope you can snag one.  Also, if you need a taxi, as opposed to the hotel shuttle that runs to the airport, it can be quite an ordeal.  I had to wait 30 minutes for a taxi and then the *charming* person driving it didn't get out to help me with my bags.  Gotta love it. . . in addition, room service cuts out at 11, so if you arrive on a later flight, you may be SOL. 

Overall a good place to sleep, but not the most memorable stay.
I had to stay in this hotel because a conference was being held there. Never again under any circumstances. Never again. I don't mind that there is an upcharge for food, parking, and the internet. I expect that with hotels...especially when they are in proximity to nothing. But I take issue with lack of cleanliness. The room I stayed in was disgusting. There were light bulbs that didn't work. There was drool stains on the sofa pillows, dirty carpet, and stains on the bedspread and the comforter. I did something I have never done....I politely asked that that the sheets be changed including the comforter. The front desk person said "we would be happy to ma'am". It was never changed. How do I know??? Because the STAINS were still there. I have stayed in range of hotels for business but this one (no exaggeration) was the worse. I think a motel would have been better and wouldn't have cost as much.
3 1/2 stars, really.

1. This is the first hotel that has ever had me sign an agreement upon arrival that I would not have a party/ would not play loud music/ would not have more than a certain number of people in my room. Ironically, this is also the first hotel I've stayed at where I was woken up at 2:30am by a loud party. No bueno.

2. Loved the front desk staff. (Hilman?) was hilarious and friendly. We got delivery from the same place on Saturday night and he gave us a great recommendation. 

3. The room (326) was decent. It had a weird conference room table with slippery leather chairs. The king bed and the queen pullout were in two different rooms so we had privacy and space, very nice. 

3. The lightswitches were WEIRD. Switch next to the bathroom controlled the lights/outlets in the living room. Some lights had no switches so we couldn't figure out how to turn them on. 

4. Parking was advertised as $14/night but ours was waived for some reason.

5. The free WiFi was horrible. I will not pay for WiFi when I'm paying for a room; it should be included for guests as most other hotels do. 

I would stay here again with another Groupon but would not pay full price.
convenience convenience. yea! free 24 hr shuttle to the airport.
the room, um "suite" was huge. we had a little living room area with a tv. the bedroom had a tv too. the room was clean, little on the older side but pleasantly modern. none of that victorian flowery crap.

the girls at the front desk- very helpful and courteous. 

cool cottage cheese ceilings! remember those?
Right by the airport with a shuttle. All rooms are suites. Comfy bed. Check in was easy. Staff recommended local food spots. Breakfast was in my rate. Very good. Starts at 0600 which is very nice. I'm a fan.
Terrible customer service. 

The facility is an old embassy suites (I'm guessing based on the layout) and so it has plenty of space in the rooms, couches, fridges etc. which is nice.  Super close to airport. That's where the good stuff ends. 

We had two rooms. One room had blood on the comforter. It was late so I ripped it off the bed and didn't bother waiting for a new one. The water temp in the shower was warm but not hot. The second room did not have a working shower, as in no water. The front desk person suggested we wait for an engineer, which being next to the airport isn't really an option without missing your flight. Refused any discount or other compensation. 

The killer was when the fire alarm went off at 11:30pm. Now I'm not going to complain that the alarm went off, it happens and I've been at more than one hotel for this. As we helped my disabled father down the crowded stairwell and through the lobby, I noticed the staff was neither addressing the crowd moving outside or evacuating. In fact the front desk kept checking people in. No member of the staff came outside to address the guests. Clearly it was a false alarm but after helping my father down the 4 flights of stairs in pain and confused, I could have used a staff member to apologize for the inconvenience, to explain that in fact it was an alarm issue, or at least look interested in the guests. We watched through the window as staff hung out in the back office and chatted. At no point did a staff member address the guests including when we checked out in the morning. Apparently the alarm had gone off the night before, according to a flight attendant waiting to check out and according to another review several times that week.
I needed a place to crash for 1 night prior to an early morning flight and this hotel fit the bill. It was a short shuttle ride (free) from the airport, had a quick check-in process, and all the standard amenities you're used to at a Sheraton. The bar was small but lively and the food didn't look too bad. They even have a grab and go area for the people on the move.

The club lounge was empty by the time I got there, but they do offer breakfast and evening appetizers so that's a plus. It was also stocked with soda and fruit so I was able to munch on that. The room itself was spacious, decently updated, with some pretty large TV's. Everything else is standard Sheraton, Le grand bain bath products, and comfortable bed. 

Gym was usable as well, plenty of equipment to do your standard exercises. All in all, a fairly decent stay, just don't expect a great view.
This place is horrific.  The rooms are remarkably bad...filthy, ripped furniture, sticky rugs, moldy...its that bad.  We upgraded to a lager suite hoping for a better experience...no luck.  I still can't believe this hotel is a part of the SPG brand.  Unfortunately, the Aloft is getting bad too..
Stayed here for one night.  Hotel is under construction but since all I needed was a place to sleep it did just fine.  The room was large along with the bathroom and the bed was super comfortable.  The real star of my stay was the young lady working the front desk at 6am on 10 Feb.  I had requested a taxi when I checked in for 6am the following morning, there must have been a mix up because instead of a taxi there was a shuttle.  She must have called 10 taxi companies/numbers to ensure I got a taxi and didn't miss my appointment.  I'm not sure many other hotels would have taken the time to get that right.  What a great employee!
This place is a total disaster. 
Do not book!
It is a war zone with all the construction. They don't even care about how everything is exposed. They should not book hotels rooms under renovations.
What a mess!
This hotel was horrible. While planning our stay, we asked for two queen beds, because we had two couples staying there. When we arrived, however, they gave us a room with one bed, and one old, extremely uncomfortable and blanketless pullout sofa. They charged us for everything. For one car, overnight parking, it was $12. And they wanted to charge us another $12 for Wi-Fi in the room?? The management also was very rude to us because we were younger then most of their other guests. Please, save yourself the trouble, and never, EVER go to this hotel. It may seem nice from the outside and from their pictures, but the management and "beds" are worse than any other hotels we have ever experienced.
Karem did a wonderful job checking us in. There was an issue with the second room and he was able to move us, you can tell he likes his job.   BUT, I just tried to log into WiFi and you have an optioin of paying $4.95 for 30 minutes or $11.95 for a day.  We travel all the time and haven't been charged for wifi for years.  This is a definite reason to stay at a different hotel the next time we fly out of Philly airport.
We made reservations and showed up to find the hotel in full renovation. Water to be off from 12 to 2 and noise begin at 8 am. No where prior was this mentioned when booking. You pay top dollar for the pleasure of staying here and was denied a discount. After pressing for some kind of  compensation we got breakfast tickets for one day out of two days that we are staying. Parking is 14.95 per day! Hotel parking should be free. Since your in a city I guess you should be walking? We can deal with this for just 2 days but, Never again.
Stayed at the Sheraton over the Thanksgiving holiday and paid $260  for three nights including parking, the hotels was about a 30min drive to Wilmington DE, where I spent Thanksgiving with family and less than 10 mins away from downtown Philly.   

The room was huge with a bedroom and living room that had  flat screen televisions in both rooms.  

Parking was very reasonable about $7 dollars a day, and the parking lot is huge so parking was not a issue.  There is small gym that over looks the indoor pool with up to date fitness equipment.  The hotel is located near two other Starwood Properties so you have the option to eat and drink in the other hotels and charge the items to your room if you desire.

This hotel was a true value, the room was big, clean and comfortable and I will be back to Philly soon to eat another GENOS cheese steak :)
Kind of a fail. Nice enough place, but it's one of those hotels whose business model seems to be "jack our customers for as much as we can." 

Get to the hotel, charged for outdoor parking, charged $11.00 for Internet access, they want $22.00 for eggs in the morning, etc., etc. Even though I'm a business traveler on an expense account, I hate getting ripped off and this makes me feel like I'm being taken advantage of. 

In this day and age, there's absolutely no excuse for any hotel to charge for Internet access. I don't get how budget hotels give you free Internet, but mid-range and up feel they can charge for it. What, do they polish the bits or something?  Also, their WiFi doesn't really work...very poor connection, 1MBps, frequent drop outs.

There's an ALoft in the same complex, much nicer place if you can get a room at anything like a similar rate.
They gave us what they say were the newly remodeled rooms. The decor was nice but the remodel work was poor quality. Also, room wasn't clean - found hairs in bathroom and bed. Had to request a new room, which still wasn't that clean but better than the initial room. Just extremely grossed out by that so we won't be back. Gave 2 starts instead of 1 because the front desk rep was nice.
Was heading to Philly for the weekend, needed a suite to accommodate another couple, and am a Starwood member who would be using points...Sheraton Suites - you win!

Having read the previous reviews, I had my reservations about staying here, but I have to say, we had a great experience...

I had been contacted via email by a Starwood representative, asking me if there was anything they could do for me, as I had a few upcoming stays booked in numerous cities. I am a Starwood Platinum member, and have never been sent an email like that...I responded that all was fine, and that we were heading to Philly to celebrate my daughters birthday, thanks for asking, blah blah blah...

Little did I realize that there would be a cake waiting for us in the fridge - along with a birthday card! Very impressive, Sheraton. Starwood Platinums will often find a small gift and note in their room upon check-in, but this, IMHO, was above and beyond...

Now, on to the review...

The pros:
 
- The hotel itself, contrary to other reviewers, was terrific. Clean, updated, and well maintained, and the staff was very accomodating

 - The room was very spacious - fridge kept a sold temperature - the bed was a standard Sheraton Sweet Sleeper, and flat screens in both rooms is nice...also very quiet in the room - heard little from outside the door (and we were close to the elevator bank)
 
- The hotel bar was great - prices were right, with a nice selection of beers on tap, ballgames on the TVs, etc...

 - Ate breakfast at Relish, their restaurant...breakfast sliders = good, prices a bit high IMHO, but it is a hotel restaurant, so no real surprise there...

 - Location - yes, an airport location can stink, but this one turned out alright...15 minutes to Old City, and the proximity to the sports facilities is great (made it back from a ballgame in 10 minutes)...

The cons:
 
- wifi was non-existent in our room (7th floor) - seeing that I only had my iPad, there was no option to plug in...computers in the lobby did the trick in a pinch
 
- The parking situation is not so great - the lot is shared by 3 Starwood properties, and requires a ticket or room key to enter & exit...as some other reviewer said, the rain was wreaking havoc with the card reader, causing gate backups...I'm also not keen about $7/day for parking - I would expect it's to prevent too much airport parking, so the best solution might be to comp the hotel guests...

 - The guests - this is the worst part - I understand it's a less expensive hotel on a weekend, but parents really need to corral their kids in hotels...I don't care if it's a Motel 6 or a W - we all paid money to stay here, so teach your kids  a little bit about respect...literally packs of kids riding the elevators and running through the hallways well after midnight...pretty lame...

 - The fitness center - to piggyback on the above comment, there were unsupervised kids running amok in the pool and fitness center, jumping on equipment, etc...not cool...I must assume that during the week things are calmer and less family/kid oriented...unenjoyable workout...

All in all, if you need a suite in Philly, this place will definitely do the trick...
Sheraton's are always my favorite. This was a horrible exception. The only good part of our stay was the assistant manager I met with in the morning. He was helpful and truly seemed concerned about our experience. The night manager was beyond useless. It took getting upset to motivate her to do what she said she could not. Amazing how that worked out. I'd say staying here is normally a good experience, just make sure they aren't having a family reunion stay at the hotel that night.
The rooms are typical Sheraton Suites and like most of these properties this one appears to have been upgraded somewhat recently.  My check-in experience was not pleasant due to a long wait (the hotel is by the airport and often gets busloads of flight crews but apparently cannot accomodate them quickly) and the general lack of interest by the front desk attendant (including not setting up my room key so I could get out of the pay parking lot).  When I got to my room it looked nice - until I tried to sleep and realized my windows were facing the highway and I could constantly hear cars noisily going by at high speed.  In the morning, I went into the shower and noticed a dripping spout with rust on the bottom of the tub (plus no conditioner) and when I tried to turn on the water nothing happened.  Due to some strange design flaw you have to pull the handle away from the wall (AND turn it) to get water and even then it's somewhat difficult to pull out so this is not something that most normal people would expect to do.  Overall, the hotel room was fine other than the highway noise and the service is questionable but as someone who stayed 200 nights in Starwood properties last year I can say the overall experience here was definitely near the bottom of the barrel for me.  I don't see myself returning to this hotel, there's a good possibility you'll be okay here but one never knows.
Chair had an unknown stain on the seat, table was broken , and no wifi in the rooms.  You get free wifi in lobby area if you are a guest but you have to authenticate every half hour which is annoying even then there is no indication you won't be charged.  Its 2012... wifi in the room should be an option. The bar prices are okay for a hotel but the food price is too high.  If you are stuck here with no mode of transport catch the shuttle to the airport then take the train down town or call a cab.  It would be cheaper than a meal at the bar.
Bali & Ken at check-in were awesome! I was exhausted and they were fun and kind. Parking was easy and hotel really close to the airport for my early morning flight. The room was very nice, clean. Room service and bar service were pretty good, too.
Thanks to Ryan G. At the front desk for being so accommodating and making this stay a pleasant one. He made sure I got where I needed to go and went above and beyond.
This review is mainly for their shuttle. I have been waiting for almost an hour for the shuttle (multiple calls) and they are still not here. DO NOT DO GLOBAL PARKING HERE. Awful
This used to be my go-to hotel in Philadelphia. They accept pets, the beds are in two separate rooms (love this) and the people that worked there were always friendly. 
The last two times have seen a marked decrease in customer service and the basic cleanliness and upkeep of the hotel.
This past weekend (10/15) we checked into our room and three separate trays were lying outside of rooms. With pets this isn't helpful. Especially breakfast dishes when I come in at 4:30. I had to ask the front desk to deal with it. 
The pool, always too loud, had vomit in it. Again, I had to tell the front desk.
The elevator was filthy with old dog feces in the corner. The carpet in the halls was filthy. Big spots of spilled things. 
The breakfast is always a crap shoot. Although it says breakfast is served until 11 it is not. The last two times I went I sat down only to be told that they had already started taking in the food. This last weekend I was told a big party was coming and they had to get ready. At 10:00? When the sign says 11? I complained before but this last time I did not even bother. Because by now I realized this hotel just isn't even trying. 
I thought when complaining about room service dishes and vomit in the pool I would be offered something. I wasn't. Again, it didn't really matter because my mind was now made up but it would have been the decent, customer-service oriented thing to do.
I won't be back and I am sad about that. Like I said - I used to love it here. Now, twice in a row, I have been more than disappointed. I suspect the health department hasn't visited this place in a while.
I am currently staying at the Sheraton PHL, so far it has been great. The front desk is very sweet. Yes the hotel is a little older but I do love the suites, large living room, good size bath and lovely bedroom. There is pay internet but currently I am on hotels wireless network (I think?) it just let me connect for free so I am not going to say anything.
Poor van service, rooms smell like mold, NO WIFI in rooms! What a joke
Although the front desk were nice. The room was filthy, at least the one that I stayed at. Sheets were stained in yellow and were stinky. Vent was leaking and a vent turned on at night which let out a disgusting smell. Mold by the vent. All the vending machines in the hotel were empty. It really doesn't get worse! I suggest you do not stay her unless your okay with that...
Suite was pretty nice, living room was a good size and there was a TV in both the living and bedroom. Nice little restaurant in the lobby too. Modern and in a covenient location as well
First the good: Staff was friendly and helpful. The bed was comfortable. A GREAT thing.
Now for the bad.. We could only get cold food at the restaurant due to some remodeling. There was no hair dryer in the room. The furniture was NASTY.. It looked a porn movie was shot there.  I would also expect FREE wifi. We stayed at the Four Points by Sheraton  last year and it was much better.
The last time I stayed here, this hotel was undergoing renovations. I was happy to see some of the changes that took place when I stayed here last Monday night. New carpets, plasma TVs in the living room and in the bedroom and the bathrooms loo sparkling clean. 
The bar food was great! Te bar area is very spacious and had a few very large flat screens to enjoy your favorite programing. 
I will be sure to make this my hotel of choice the next time I am in Philly.
I was extremely disappointed with our stay at the Sheraton Suites.  The shower ceiling leaked in two places, literally waking us overnight as it splashed onto an unopened bar of soap.  Brown splotches on the ceiling suggested this leak was not new.  Further, the shower was just one side of the bathroom with a curtain.  The water pressure was so low that the "wand" shower head's streams collected into just one weak drip.  I wasn't sure if I was cleaner after using it.  Still, water wound up on about half the bathroom floor.  Even worse, hairs from previous guests were all over the bathroom.  There wasn't a garbage can to be found in the room.  The heater woke us every time it came on.  

There were two redeeming items: the bed was extremely comfortable, and the employees were very nice.  

Beyond that... want Internet?  Extra money.  Breakfast?  Extra money.  Bring a car?  Extra money. 

I really don't require all that much, but was embarrassed by these accommodations.
In a hurry to get to the airport right now. We found bed bugs in our bed. BED BUGS. Game over. Never coming back.
This is NOT a SPG hotel. When you pay for a Sheraton brand room, one expects comfort and class. NOT here. SPG purchased this "Embassy Suites" style hotel in 1998 and recently sold it in 2014 to another management company. Now it just needs to shed the brand name.
Why it was bad for me:
I stayed in suite 302 with my folks. We were in for one night for a family wedding. The hotel is hollow in the middle so all rooms open up their doors to the inside looking down into the dining area. This means that all the noise from said public congregational dining, travels up and to the front of the suite. The type of suite I was in, "two bedroom" means the second bed is directly by the front door. This particular room, 302, was located across the 3 constantly "dinging" elevators which permeated my sleep. And as all the folks walked by chatting, the chatter sounded very loud and in my slumbering ears as it reverberated between the low ceiling and corner walls.  Even better for me was the constant stream of visitors until 3:30 am the neighboring room had which I could also hear their entire conversation thru the shared thin door and wall.
My bed did not have a nightstand. Why is a guest bed not deserving of a nightstand??  The master bed is tucked in the back room with adequate furniture and its own door. I got to listen to my folks get up and handle too loud doors as they moved to the shared bathroom. The furniture is old: rubbed, split, cracked, dated. One lamp needed to be replaced and the other, the shade was cracked and aged. I am actually writing this review at 3:44 am because I was awoken so many time I can't sleep now. And I have to drive 3 hours to catch a 6 hour flight so I will be one crabby lady thanks to the poor engineering of this hotel layout. Oh, and you would like SPG would treat you well since you pay nicely for this hotel but no, INTERNET IS NOT FREE! WTH?!?! $5 one time of $12 for longer. Ridiculous! Get me out of here I need a good nights rest and I WILL NOT get it here. 
Last note: for the love of G, wash the carpets!!!
Our stay here was pretty uncomfortable for a variety of reasons.  I've stayed at several Sheratons, and this one did not come anywhere close to meeting expectations. (note that the 2-star rating is relative to what a hotel in this price range should be)

We booked a suite in November 2015.  The suite was fitted with 2 double beds and a sleeper sofa with another double bed.  We felt that this would be adequate for our family of five.  However, this was not quite the case.  The one room of the suite which should be designated as the bedroom was equipped with the sofa and a TV, along with wasted space.  The two double beds were then crammed in the antechamber.  What would have been smarter, and more in-line with a "luxury" hotel, would have been to put a queen or king in the bedroom, and a queen with the sleeper sofa in the antechamber.  Instead, we all slept on squeaky, squishy mattresses that tossed us into each other.  The sleeper sofa was unbearable.

Beyond the beds, it was a loud hotel...not from other patrons, but from pipes and other mechanicals.  While water pressure is normally a good thing, the pressure in the shower was so nipple-roughing high that it was uncomfortable. Meanwhile the toilet paper dispenser was hanging loose from the wall and the free shampoo/soap were very low-grade.

One of the TVs was on the blink, not working half of the time.  The room vent had not been cleaned in possibly years, as there was about a 1/2-inch of dust accumulated on the blades.

Overall it seemed like the hotel never conducts inspections of the rooms beyond what the maids do, because there are numerous things that were obviously in need of attention.

Parking was nice though.  It cost $12, but I guess that's to be expected in the city.  Location was near the airport, but then keep in mind that this means food options are severely limited.  There is a Ruby Tuesdays nearby, but that's about it.
Gorgeous rooms, decent showers. Very roomy and spacious. The shuttle service is speedy and very convienent. The restaurant down stairs though could use a little work, kinda pricey, and the service... eh.
I have mixed emotions about this property which were stirred by the polite gentlemen at check in versus the product which is in some ways failing. My check in was efficient, friendly, and had me feeling like I could anticipate a hassle free good night. Before being in the room 5 minutes ( no exaggeration) the room tv didn't work , one phone didn't work,  and a wrong room service order arrived before I could find the book in the room! 
I had a hard time getting the internet to work in my room and it seems that the only resolution was to use the lobby for the internet.  The beds are ok but I really feel that there should be no hassle at all when you stay here. I want the hotel to check into some things and perhaps I can upgrade this review.  But based on three stays, and comparing it to the other hotels in this complex, this is not going to be where I choose to stay.
Three coworkers and I arrived on Monday night for a 3 day stay, but we were not provided the breakfast coupons we were entitled to, and we were not told how to get the free WiFi we were entitled to under the hotel's agreement with our company. On Wednesday we ordered appetizers in the bar, but didn't receive them for an hour, after others who ordered after us had already received theirs, making us late to dinner. Each of us had a malfunctioning light in our room. In general, the rooms looked old and run-down. The front desk staff was not friendly.
Wanna have a consistent bad experience.   Come to this hotel.  
I waited once again 55min for a van to Hotel all while calling 3 times and staff saying "10min they will be there." 
Room wasn't ready
Drinks at their "restaurant" you will be waving off flies left and right from trying to get into your drink.   Then stay on your sever or your Salad will take over an hour to come out with flies in it as well.  
Save your $$$ and go to a completely different area; because every Hotel is shared by ONE VAN and is way under staffed.
Everything was perfect. The beds were uber comfy, the from desk attentive.  All in all a great hotel when traveling. The restaurant had good food at the bartender was very friendly and engaging.  I will definitely book this hotel again when traveling.
Just left. First off no one could find a luggage cart. None in lobby. Even sent someone to look for one. No dice. Didn't sleep at all. Atrium lobbies are dumb. 8-10 people hung out until almost two. Finally I turned my AC on full blast to shield the noise but the cover rattled and I had to put a towel on it. I also had to put a towel on the fridge because it rattled too. I will mention I requested a wake up call. Didn't get it. The front desk clerk did not ask how my stay was...
Good location, but this is an older hotel.  Rooms are dirty, nothing works in the bathroom. 
Club level has no food or staff, not worth the extra money.
Parking lot is full and it was hard to find parking.
They do allow pets and staff was trying to do the right thing, there are just not enough of them to make a difference in the experiences while at the hotel.
Stayed at this hotel twice last week. In the first room I had, the internet didn't work and the ironing board was broken. Front desk people were cool though and hooked me up with whatever I needed.

Second time I stayed (later in the week) the room looked clean but when I took off my shoes, the carpet near the bathroom was soaked! I'm talking about at least a 3 ft x 5 ft patch of WET carpet. Not damp, I'm talking about SOAKED!!! Definitely not a good look and I'll be looking somewhere else the next time I hit Philly. Front desk people were cool though with everything that was in their control. Oh, and the internet worked this time but it was painfully slow.
Newly renovated rooms- these are suites which is really terrific for having more space after economy class.  They have a good restaurant here as well, so no need to navigate mysterious quality food delivery.
This is probably the worst hotel I have ever stayed. Only good thing is the parking is $12, which is not too crazy around the airport. 
Hotel is extremely old, a lot of signs of ware, beds are very spongy and noisy. I dont even want to touch anything in the bathroom, hair in the tub, disgusting. Walls are thin, you can clearly hear ppl walk by and talk in the hallway. Also, very rude front desk ppl.
Probably the Loft nextdoor would be a better option if you really want to say close to the airport.
Mice everywhere!!! Not Cleaned, absolutely disgusting. Super disappointed! Don't stay. Call the front desk multiple times no one ever took care of me.
Not that great for a sheraton. Good decor, decent food and restaurant prices.

Service sucked compared to the majority of the hotels I have traveled to. The water nazis gave us two pitchers of water for 30 people for an 8 hour meeting, never refilled or brought more, even when we asked.

no good wifi, although you can get on the four points network next door.

stay elsewhere if possible, probably will be a cheaper stay for just as good amenities and service.
One of the finest hotel suites I ever set foot in.  You have a living room and a bedroom.  There's a bar downstairs.  

Place is close proximity to the airport, next door to a few other nice hotels.  Very close to the ghetto so don't go too far north on Island.
We stayed here for one night before heading into the city. We checked in around 11pm. We got to the room and immediately noticed that the room was a bit old as the couch had tears on it and the carpet seemed dingy. The restroom also needed and upgrade. 
We also noticed that the walls were pretty thin as we heard our neighbors who had a few people over. I was happy they were getting ready to head out for the night. 
The bed was actually pretty comfortable and I liked that the suites had a separate living room.
I think the best part was the customer service and the breakfast in the morning.
This hotel is located very close to the airport and they also offer shuttle pick up and drop off to the airport.
I used to love this Hotel but it  seems they have changed .I am in a Wheelchair and I travel for work recently I had to make a quick stop near Philly airport so I decided to go to The Sheraton since I never had a problem ... Well to make a long story short they removed their padded transfer shower benches in their roll in shower  ... and replaced them with the cheap flimsy portable shower chairs you can buy at Walmart which can collapse causing me great bodily injury.. I have tried to contact the GM ..Mr. B.Swales but he does not respond to calls or emails as a SPG member I am totally disappointed with what SPG is doing.. and apparently this is not only happening at this property.
I like the Sheraton Suites concept as you tend to get a bigger room than with a standard hotel. However, the room (and the hotel) were pretty faded, and had a little bit of a dirty ambiance. 

Hotel is close to the airport, and has a shuttle- however, there is nothing else in walking distance or close proximity. Have to pay for parking. 

Service was pretty spotty- concierge lounge was supposed to open at 6AM, but was completely closed off with no food at 6:15AM. Went down to front desk to complain, they gave me a breakfast voucher for the restaurant but added like a 10 min delay, which is not welcome when you're in a rush for an early morning flight.
Can't speak for the hotel itself but I parked my Prius here and was away 6 days. When I returned I was missing the catalytic converter from my car. A high ticket item. Will certainly never park here again.
