I should have surely read reviews on this place before blindly booking it because if its location. I was disappointed numerous times. I am not sure if I would return or not.

GLOWS:
-Close walking distance to Ben Franklin Pkwy , which is the reason I chose the hotel.
- My room was clean and I had no complaints about the overall condition of the room.
- On site breakfast buffet was a nice touch. Late night bar option inside of the hotel as well.
- .5 lb bags of ice available at the front desk in addition to the ice machines on various floors
- Complimentary waters in the room and at the front desk (although they did run out at a point)

GROWS:
- This hotel clearly does not know how to handle a big crowd. The hotel was booked up for people attending the Made In America Festival. Check in lines were long and there was a line to get on the elevators at night.

- My room was not ready when I arrived after the 4pm check in time. They said they would call when it was ready and never did. I happened to check back 2 hours later and it was ready-- I was given a complimentary breakfast and drink coupon for wait. Not sure if that was fair.

- I got valet parking with my stay for 2 nights. When I got there, the parking lot was full so they could not accommodate my valet parking. I had to park at the garage around the corner, which was a huge inconvenience for my day. They did reimburse me for the parking.. and after, they refunded me the valet rate-- although that took some convincing .

- The valet lot opened up on the 2nd night of my stay.  I had to move my car and bring it back to the hotel, which was another annoyance, considering I went out of my way confirm parking before I got there.

- A girl was in the lobby crying and causing a scene about her hotel room being robbed and her car being stolen as a result.
       -There were some damages around the lock on my hotel room door, as if someone might have previously tried to break in during another stay.
After reading the reviews here I took a risk and still booked my stay with Sheraton Downtown Philadelphia as I couldn't find anything cheaper in that area. My experience was not bad. In fact, for the price it was good. 

The staff was pleasant; easy check-in and check-out. The room was clean with a comfortable bed and cleaned sheets. Bathroom and towels were clean. Could see a construction site from the window and it was noisy in the morning but I was up and out pretty early so it didn't bother me a lot. 

Decent location. You are able to get to restaurants, Rittenhouse square within 10-15 minutes of walking. Quick 5-10 minutes ride to society hill. 
 
Parking is $30 for 6-24 hours and $18 for under 6 hours. Valet - $56.
I had the opportunity to visit Philadelphia this past week and decided to splurge by staying at the Sheraton Downtown (a FOUR star hotel.) From the moment I checked in, I knew our experience was going to be mediocre. We had an extremely long layover,  therefore arrived at 2 AM to check in. The staff member was too busy chitchatting with her coworker about ordering cheese fries from Uber eats than to give us - paying guests, her undivided attention, or barely eye contact for that matter! Anytime I called guest services, the staff members were abrupt and very unprofessional. When I called to request housekeeping services I was rudely advised that I was to have "notified the hotel at least 24 hours in advance!"  and how are we supposed to know this??!! Trust me when I say,  this was not a four-star hotel experience!  What a disappointment...I will say the only person whom showed kindness and courteousness was Stella in the hotel café. She's been working there for 16 years and obviously understands the importance of customer service. Next time I'll just stick to the hotels I've had GOOD experience with, the Sheraton is definitely not on the list!
Beautiful hotel. Modern style updated. Great location.  The good stops there.  

Got to room and floor was not vacuumed. Broken chips and food on floor. Disgusting. Called front desk and said room wasnt cleaned. She asked if beds were made?  I said yea but floors filthy. Okay. Well send someone up with a vacuum.  OMG!  Its only one night. Fine...

Later sitting at desk. Bugs crawl out from behind wall panel where tv is and around the light shade.  Awful. Heard of a Bug bomb!!!  Wtf.  Cant wait to leave.  First thing in morning Im out!

Management should get their act together.  Room 1012. Filthy!!!
Lol well I probably should have looked at the reviews prior to booking. So my bad. This place isn't awful however a hotel to me is somewhere that you should be able to rest peacefully and there's just no way. 
The curtains are not blackout. The sun is literally shining in my face as I type and there's construction going on outside my window. I wish I would have been warned about this. It's been going on since 7:00am. I'm on vacation and I'm up at 7:00am :(
It's so loud. For that reason I would not come back. 
However , the room is clean and the bed is comfortable.
Large rooms, fantastic location and great service! I find Sheratons to be rather hit-or-miss. They always look beautiful, but they often are dirty or lacking in service.That is not the case with the Sheraton Philadelphia Downtown. The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful; the hotel was spotless; the rooms are large and comfortable; and the location can't be beat. Highly recommend!
Despite booking a AAA rate that included parking and despite confirming this when checking in, I was billed for parking and tax.  Despite my sending an email over a week ago, I have heard nothing back and no one picks up the phone at the front desk. Terrible customer service.

Also, despite signs saying that masks must be worn in the hotel  over 50% of people in the lobby never wore a mask and no one working at the hotel seemed to care.  

This experience was very disappointing and makes me question my loyalty to the Sheraton chain.
The hotel property it's self is very nice. The check in process with COVID seemed safe and well thought out (employees wearing masks, social distancing signs on wall and  space markers on floor etc) However, this is where my niceties end. 

I'm not sure if the hotel attracts a younger crowd, if the rates are extremely low Bc of covid OR if they are apart of one of those programs like a lot of the hotels in New York are that rent out rooms to people that are displaced or unfortunately homeless etc but something was very off! 

There was security in the lobby to make sure you had a key before entering. If you didn't someone had to get you and the security was very alert as if there was cause for alarm. There were people walking around with a large amount of money in their hands loitering & being very loud outside the hotel blocking the valet lane ( and staff allowed it to carry on). I noted people coming in with multiple suitcases and grocery bags big enough to stay a month. 

Our room itself was upgraded but the carpet was dirty and the bathroom shower had mold. 

Overall the property was nice but the crowd and unclean bathroom I wouldn't come back. Sheraton needs to do an inspection did not live up to the name.
Staying at this location was a horrible experience. The type of people that visit this location are drug users and young people.
The Disabled Veteran group and I chose this location because online it showed there was a pool. When we got to this location, after we paid, we were informed the pool was closed. This is FALSE ADVERTISING.
I visited this establishment with a Disabled Veteran group to visit the area. The first group found their room to be dirty, refrigerator dirty and human feces in and around the toilet and a VERY DIRTY TUB. My wife and I found our room to smell stale, rooms not very clean, towels dirty, and towels with hair on them. I called downstairs to obtain new towels. They informed me to leave the towel outside so someone can come pick it up and drop off new towels. A day later we still have yet to receive new towels and I had to go downstairs the next day to obtain them myself. This is horrible service.
I would recommend ANYONE with morals, who does not like the smell of weed throughout the halls, and likes clean rooms to STAY AWAY from this location.
If you want to stay in a virus feee hotel do not stay here. 


1. Manager did not even Have mask on.  Excuse was that she was 6 feet away from people 

2. I saw 6 employees  without their mask on. One with it under there nose. Both housekeepers on our floor did not have their a mask on. I felt very unsafe because of the virus in this hotel. For many reasons that I will list. 

  A. If management Does not keep their staff safe and do not require it they can pass it to their guest. Totally unacceptable To clean rooms without a mask. They are saying viruses  live up to 72 hours on surfaces. 

  B. The only people wearing their mask properly or at all was the front desk. The valet. And the security.  I believe the last 2 are not hotel employees but contractors that require Their employees  to wear a mask 

  C. I was in a elevator and 2 people got in after me without a mask. 

   D.  I asked security  why they were not enforcing the mask rule because it says mask are required  on the front door as you walk in. They  said it was because Managment does not support them. 

    E. The kind of people that were checking in and checking out (and there was a lot of them) had no mask on. And those who did "All had it below their nose." They were not enforcing it whatsoever. 

3. When I  there was 2 hookers eyeing  on hotel property near the entrance door 

This is he worst hotel I have stayed in. And I basically stay in hotels 15 days a month around the world . I do believe staying here is detrimental to your Heath, well being and safety.
The Sheraton hotel is clean, and has an awesome walking rate. Our only grievance is we requested a low level floor, and as a sick joke they put us on the 22nd floor. After getting to the room I realized how beautiful the view was, so I decided to take a photo BUT the windows are Filthy and messed up the whole shot so this is why it's a night time view photo. Other than that, it was a great stay.
This is what you get at 4-5am.  Loud TV's 
Oh and the parking goes as follows 
30$ - 6 hours or more for self park go to bed wake up you pay this. Go out to tour or whatever you pay this.  Valet =$56.  

Sleep in til 2p = 60$
Parking on the street is like musical chairs. Good luck on that. Oh did I mention the noise !!!
The check in and parking process were very quick when I arrived around 315pm but as the afternoon went on I can see long lines at the desk.  There was no mini fridge but maybe that's standard. The elevators broke at one point so we had to take a service elevator to the 22nd floor. They were fixed quickly though. We tried to get drinks at the hotel bar at like 10pm on a Saturday; there were only 2 staff working and one was complaining that the "bussers" and manager were not there so the 2 staff were overwhelmed. We could not even get a table because so many were dirty from past guests.  Overall OK bur not great.
