It's all about location at this Sheraton. If your company's per diem covers it, go for it.

Ridiculously convenient to University of Pennsylvania, Drexel University, and much of West Philadelphia, this hotel is a light walk/quick cab ride to downtown Philly, and it's clean. It's not the most uppity Sheraton around, but the beds are comfy.

Don't recall how the minibar was (if there was one) or if there was a hotel restaurant (I think there was) - but it's a non-issue, as you're stumbling distance from Sansom Street and its host of bars.
Such low ratings for this hotel. Well, for me it's very convenient to going to Children's Hospital (CHOP). Walk down 34th street and in about 10 minutes you are there. 

Also, it is right around the corner to the U Penn bookstore on 36th street. Some decent/good restaurants on Sansom street one block away. Skip the Asian hotel restaurant and walk a block north to Han Dynasty. Place rocks! About a $8-$9 uber ride into center city, if you don't feel like walking. 

Still bitter Marriott gold members got shafted with no lounge access. Grrr. Well, at least there is a WaWa right across the street to get breakfast and a bagel store too. 

Still surprised some hotels still do double beds instead of queen beds, like here. Heck the Holiday Inn Express Center City has queen beds! The room is nicely decorated and really nothing to complain about except for the double beds. Oh and I wished the tv swiveled though. 

Didn't check out the amenities like the outdoor pool and fitness center. Have to check it out next time.
DO NOT STAY AT THIS SHERATON!
this hotel is just plain awful. i stayed here for one night with my husband and 2 other friends in a room with two full beds. 
the first problem we encountered was the air conditioning - we couldn't seem to get it to stay on. weird, but whatever. another big issue was that there was no place to plug anything in. getting weirder. 
so fast forward ahead a few hours, we're back from the (amazing) wedding at penn, totally exhausted and ready to sleep. we're speaking with our "indoor" voices as we enter the room and get ready for bed. it was about 1am so we are being conscious of our noise level. when all of the sudden, we hear someone VIOLENTLY banging on the door that connects with the room next to us. um, totally weird. we call out "hello?" and knock back - i had no idea what was going on!!! so we're getting ready for bed, and then there's a knock at the front door. it's a super great sheraton staff guy responding to a complaint about LOUD MUSIC coming from our room. are you kidding me? we tell the guy that we a) have no music device, b) are not making any noise and c) someone has been banging on our door.
so.... now it's a little while later, maybe 40 minutes or so, we're asleep with  the lights out, tv off, and no noise happening anywhere. and there's another fricking knock on the door. awesome sheraton guy again, this time WAKING US UP to tell us to stop with the noise. anyone with half a brain would by now realize that we were either being harassed by other guests, or he had the wrong room.
as the night progressed, the air conditioning situation turned into a nightmare. it was probably about 80 degrees in the room. the thermostat kept resetting itself, and someone had to get up every 10 minutes to turn the a/c back on.
the bed my husband and i slept on was on about a 15 degree angle from side to side, and i had to hold on for dear life as to not roll over my husband and off the bed.
in the morning, we were subjected to more random pounding on the door by some hillbilly couple - definitely the people who had been harassing us the night before - as some sort of payback for all the things we didn't do to them. 
the "free internet" was a complete joke - it froze every 30 seconds, and was overrun with ads. the flat screen HD TV had mostly analog channels. room service ended at 11pm, so forget about ordering anything. the room was waaaay overpriced. no one ever showed up with extra towels or to refresh the room at all. checkout took 20 minutes because of the inept staff and ridiculous lines. 
DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL. you'll get a better experience at a better price at days inn or motel 8. i will be avoiding all sheratons for the rest of my life.
I agree with Jake P's review.  This place is not up to Sheraton's reputation.  It's pretty ghetto.  It's not really dirty, but it's badly in need of updating.  And for the price, you're not getting much of a value.   You are solely paying for location when you stay here.  The rooms are just so lamely cookie cutter and stuck in the 80's, it's not even funny.  This place totally preys on the family members of students attending colleges in the area.  They are familiar with the school schedules and inflate their prices whenever an event is going on.  I can't say that I had a bad experience, but for almost $200, I should have had a great experience.  I felt like I was staying in a Days Inn.
We stayed here in the mid nineties and it was mediocre then.  I can't imagine how it must have declined since - so my generous 3 stars should really only be 2.

Rooms were passable - and concierge service was nearly non-existent back then when we stayed here.  (We were visiting friends who went to Penn.)  Location was the main reason we stayed here.
2 week work seminar here, so we were told to stay here.

The good: hotel staff was really friendly from the front desk staff to the catering staff.

The bad: the wireless internet is brutally slow, like not able to VPN slow in your rooms when it was full, had to slave myself to the cat-5 cable, luckily for longer trips I pack a really long one just in case.  The room climate controls were not really responsive.

The ugly: they put me in a room with two double beds when I m staying there for 2 weeks, not cool.  I stayed on the 11th floor and I could still hear the garbage trucks, and other street noise all parts of the night, not something you want to deal with after flying cross-country and dealing with jet-lag.

If not for the staff and the fact I was told to stay here I would have stayed at a Hilton property
While most hotels think I'll feel at home surrounded by ugly floral paintings from the 1970s on white walls, this Sheraton had modern mirrors on navy pinstriped wallpaper (and matching bedding!) if you are visiting UPenn, book this place on a site like hotels.com. It's just what you'd expect. Plus free wired internet in the room.
The room smells bad. The carpet is dirty. I also found a cockroach at the room. Things are terrible at this Sheraton. The only good side of this hotel is that the people who work here are very friendly. Nice people but terrible hotel.
I stayed here for Step 2 CS exam. The hotel is located about 2 blocks away so it's quite convenient. Upon my arrival, I was greeted by a very friendly staff member. Parking is free for exam takers if you book through the USMLE website so that is a huge plus because you can leave your car until 6 PM on the day of checkout. 

As for the rooms, they were very clean. I will say that they are a bit outdated. The hotel seems to have tried to keep the rooms updated as much as possible but the walls and bathroom decor have probably seen better days. That being said, my stay was still great. Beds were comfortable enough. 

I ordered room service in the morning from the cafe across the street. They serve the Sheraton 24 hrs a day. I got French toast, sausage, and home fries. As someone who could eat breakfast all day long, I was beyond satisfied with my meal. I would say that this is the largest perk for this hotel. There is also a Starbucks on the corner and a dim sum restaurant in the lobby. I'd stay here again if I was in the area.
I stayed in this hotel for one night during a trip to Philly and I must say it really disappointed me. In the first room I was assigned, the heater didn't work and the toilet clogged and overflowed immediately (no, I didn't use too much toilet paper). I went back to the concierge and asked to move to a different room, and they kindly obliged. 

However, the sink was clogged in the next room as well. Given that it was getting late and at least the heat worked in this new room, I decided I could deal with it as I had an important meeting the next day. 

I ordered room-service breakfast the next day, but that arrived incorrectly as well - it was missing the sausage links that were included in the meal price. Again, I needed to leave for my meeting and didn't think it was worth complaining. Still, no guest should have to "settle" for a sub-par experience at a hotel (although I admit that the free wifi was nice). Still, I wouldn't recommend this Sheraton to anyone.
A lot of the universities in Philadelphia must have a corporate account with Sheraton, because everytime a student seems to be checking out UPenn/Drexel/Pharmacy School, their families get posted up here.

I stayed here, passing through, before I moved to Philadelphia. I remember thinking, "Sheraton? Are you serious?" Instead, this place is more like an urban Comfort Inn, with dirty windows, dingy furniture and bedding, and a trifling restaurant/continental breakfast. 

They also charge you Center City rates to hole your car up in their garage. If passing through, there are much better places, for less money, in better locations.
Price is good for location. If that's what is most important to you, stay here. 

If you care about cleanliness, don't. Hallway is filthy, rugs are filthy. In the room, not only was the rug stained, it wasn't even vacuumed. Sheets & pillow cases had marks all over. & we found dried snot on the sheet. I'm itchy just laying here. I did look behind the head board & under the mattress. No sign of bugs. 

Another positive: the staff was nice & accommodating. Front desk was nice. I called them & they sent up an employee that was nice & helpful. 

I will not be staying here again. Any ideas for next time? Love the price but rather not scratch all night remembering the snot on the sheet.
This place is 15 minutes from the airport and adjacent to Univ of Penn and Drexel.  

The bad news is that it's managed and maintained like your students dorm room - before you come to visit.

We had bags of garbage by the elevator for a day.  Vacuum cleaners were sitting in the hallway during our entire stay.  (We were on the club floor and I hate to imagine what it was like elsewhere.) The club lounge was pathetic, US Today was their sum total of available reading. 

The free internet was buggy and sporadic.

The place feels and looks slovenly.  It's clearly managed by someone who either doesn't care or doesn't know how; neither reasons for you to stay here. 

Shame on Sheraton for allowing their brand to be so devalued.
The University City Sheraton Hotel has bedbugs, unfortunately. They were found in my room. I trapped one under a glass and it was definitely confirmed as a bedbug. I'm worried for my things and the effect this may have on my home. Although the manager offered me a new room, I can no longer trust the hotel, and I was only offered one night covered in a different hotel although I had booked more than one night here. I certainly would not stay here again and I don't suggest that you do either.
This is fine place to stay. It's main perk is that it is right next to the UPenn campus if that's why you're in Philly (which you are paying for). Otherwise, I would give the hotel 2 stars for overall experience. 

Pros: The beds are really comfortable, there is free wi-fi, and they allow dogs.

Cons: Falsely advertised "ergonomically correct" desk chair and there was no fridge in the room which I would expect for a hotel of this calibre.
I stayed here when a couple co-workers and I were here for a training conference. We were here for about a week. At first glance, I thought the place wasn't too bad... and for what we were paying, it should have been great. The beds were comfy, there was a nice outdoor pool, the place was clean and staff were friendly. 

My problem... our room was right near the elevator, and the walls were anything but soundproof. So while we were passing out from a draining 8 hours of immunology lectures (it brought back horrific nightmares of being in undergrad lecture... ALL day) we also had to put up with constantly being woken up at all hours of the night with the loud *ding* of the elevator as it arrived at our floor... over and over again. Then the thermostat in the room wasn't working... or at least was not under our control. So there were extreme fluctuations in room temperature that we had to deal with. One last (minor) complaint... no mini fridge in the room. This was a problem when we wanted to store our dinner leftovers for lunch the next day. But I think they had them available upon request, we just didn't get around to it. 

Aside from these few small snafus, I don't have any major complaints (reason for the bump up to 3 stars for the Yelp rating) Also, there was free internet access in the room (computer supplied or wireless available if you brought your own laptop). A decent hotel, adjacent to the UPenn campus.
I stayed at this hotel last week  for one night. The hotel itself is average, and the room was fine. My complaint is that the following day, I had forgotten my phone charger (plugged into the outlet on the desk, I remember exactly where I left it), and called the front desk immediately. I was then told that to call back later as it was too early, and to ask for lost and found to see if housekeeping had picked it up. I called that afternoon, ample time to have cleaned the room in which I had checked out at 7am, and the girl on the other line rudely took my number down to call me if it was found. No one ever called me back, which I thought was annoying but dealt with it. Come Monday, I look at my bank account, and have a miscellaneous charge for $25 which I know I never spent there, nor inquired any additional charges from incidentals. I called, and was forwarded once again to another person who handles charges. No one answered, I left a message, and have yet to be contacted. So in short, not only was my charger stolen because it was not lost, I was charged on my credit card fraudulently, and have yet to hear from anyone regarding either issue. If you have the option of staying somewhere else, do so because even if the hotel is adequate, the staff here is rude, and unhelpful. Never. again.
This is the only major hotel in the area for people taking the USMLE Step 2 Clinical Skills exam.  There's nothing luxurious about this hotel, it's a regular Sheraton.  But what gives this place 4 stars is their private room where appetizers/hors d'ouerves are served on the top floor.  This "secret" room has hot foods, cold foods, breakfast, soda, bottled water, and large flat screen TV for free.  I basically lived and slept in here on my time off.  

Bottom line: Stay here if you need to for the exam.  It's expensive but walking distance.  The special food/drink room is pretty bomb and unique for a Sheraton I think.
I'm really surprised by the low ratings and poor reviews of this hotel.  Growing up a military child and being somewhat of free/roaming spirit, I've stayed in A LOT of hotels!  With that being said, this Sheraton is pretty solid.  I stayed here on two separate occasions - the first time, for one night and the second time, for three nights.  Each time, I really enjoyed myself and the service that I received.

The second time I stayed, there were four of us, so we sprung for a suite ($50 upgrade).  We made our reservations through Priceline's Express Deals (they don't tell you the name of the hotel until you buy it, but because I am ALWAYS using Priceline, I kind of know when I will get a certain hotel by narrowing down the location and amenities), so upgrading to a suite was A LOT cheaper than if we had made our rez directly through the hotel.

The Club Level was decent and the suite was cute.  At 5pm, there were light refreshments (cheese steak quiche, fruit, salsa, hummus, chips, different cheeses) and in the morning, there was a continental breakfast.  One morning, there was a man making omelets to order.  He was really nice and funny.  Throughout the day, the refrigerator remains stocked with yogurts, soft drinks, and bottled water and there is always coffee, tea, lattes and cappuccino available.

We had no problems with our bedding, pillows, shower, lighting or anything else.  The Wifi wasn't slow when I was using it.  I actually completed two Fantasy Football drafts with no problems.  I think its important for people to understand that when hundreds of people are using one source for wifi, it may be a little slow.  If that's a problem for some, maybe they should invest in their own, personal wifi.  Everything was the way it should be for a 3.5 star hotel.  I will definitely be back, time and time again.
The deal: 
Two nights - Saturday and Sunday - over Memorial Day weekend.

The goods:
- Every room is equipped with a computer with internet access, all at no cost. Printing is also free, but you need to pick up your documents at the front desk, so do not print any celebrity nudie pics.
- This location just finished building a brand new, outdoor pool.
- Gym is open 24 hours a day and also complimentary
- Room service prices were highly reasonable

The bads:
- Customer service sucked; each individual at the front desk was socially awkward, unable to crack a smile or welcome us to Philly or the property.
- I know I wasn't staying at a Westin with Heavenly Beds, but the sheets on the bed must have been old or simply stretched out b/c both nights the mattress sheet came off and I wasn't even rolling around! I didn't like the icky feeling of waking up on top of the mattress instead of the sheets. 
- No Pay-per-View. My friends were not able to order a MMA fight they so desperately wanted to watch, so we ended up driving 20+ minutes to the other side of town to catch the Rashida-Evans fight.
Meh. I've experienced better. 
The carpets are really old - I was like, this is a Sheraton?!
I wasn't sure if there were bed bugs or if the itching that developed after I climbed into bed was purely psychological from knowing that everything in the room was so old. 
And my room didn't seem like it had been cleaned thoroughly prior to my arrival. 
I ordered room service from Axis cafe downstairs - it was crappy food and I barely ate it. 

Free wifi - and it was fast. So that's good. 
Still can't get over how old the carpets are.
Im writing this review while currently staying here. I checked in and realized the bathroom in the room has no hot water. I called the front desk and asked for an engineer to fix it or change my room. After waiting for 45 minutes I called them back and the phone rang for 7 minutes. Yes folks, 7 minutes! I then hung up and called them from my cell phone and again, after 6 minutes someone finally answered. I have again been told the engineer is on his way. Will update this review based on how much longer it takes him to get here and address the problem. Very very very bad customer service!

Update! No one ever showed up to fix the issue. I finally packed up, went back to the lobby and demanded another room. And of course the front desk agent responds with - the technician is on his way. Watta joke! Anyway, finally got a new room and yes, it has hot water. 

Wish I can give this place - 0!!! 

DONT EVER EVER STAY HERE! Poor customer service.
Travelers beware!  FYI, I am an avid traveler and a loyal SPG member, but I will never stay here again.  I checked in at midnight due to travel schedule delays and the first room I received still had the previous guests items (e.g., pictures, bags, personal items, etc.).  They had me come back down to the lobby to get new keys.  The second room that I received was a wheelchair accessible room, but there were what I believe to be blood stains in the shower.  The  third room was fine, but I was so traumatized after the second room I felt uncomfortable even in the third room.  Disgusting!
I recently stayed at the Sheraton University City while attending a conference at Drexel Univ. The location of the hotel was great providing quick access to both Drexel and U Penn.  The staff at the front desk and lobby were amazing! Very friendly, professional, and willing to do what is necessary to help assist their guests.  
Unfortunately, this is where the positives end regarding the accommodations at the Sheraton. During my stay I ended up in two different rooms due to issues. The first room 1130, located in far back corner felt not clean, and was definitely given minimal attention. Water damage was visible from the sprinkler system, with the wallpaper coming off the wall and the air/heat was caked with residue (See photos).  I spoke with the front desk who immediately moved me to a second room (1230). This room at least felt cleaner, but still had visible water damage on the ceiling and ripped curtains with broken rods. The two other members of my group also indicated their rooms needed renovation.

Overall, based on the "worn" conditions of two rooms, personally, and reports of other rooms, I do not recommend staying here. The cost per night is not cheap, so one would expect the experience to be commensurate. I would definitely explore other options even if it required a bit of a commute.
I found a HUGE cockroach in my bathroom. Reported it to the front desk and they were not very apologetic about it. They just sent a guy with vacuum cleaner to catch it but he failed. Finally next day I caught and killed it myself just to find a huge centipede(!) in my room the very next morning! I put both insects in a glass and presented to the front desk. They were not very impressed again but apologized and refunded me 1 night charges. WiFi is free but keeps dropping off and even when it works it is pretty slow.
A few months ago, I reviewed a hotel near Princeton that had this strange, sort of sterile (but not in a clean sort of way) institutional sense about it.  I would have to say, this property had many of those same traits.

It wasn't bad.  Nor was it dirty.  It just wasn't spiffy.  In fact, it sort of felt like a ... University hotel!  The best decision we made was to upgrade by $20 for the club level (or whatever they call it,) which meant we got a VERY nice continental breakfast for the cost of a tip.  Eggs, cereal, fruit, Starbucks coffee.  We left feeling very satiated, and the desk staff was certainly kind and helpful.

Weird, but safe neighborhood.  (Near University of Pennsylvania, with some trendy neighborhoods nearby, but you're not quite actually IN one.)   Would stay again if the price were right.
Pros: Very comfy beds and nice plump pillows.  (Some hotel pillows have so little fluff inside that you'd need all 4 pillows under your head but just one pillow was just right.)  Front desk staff was very friendly.

Cons: No continental breakfast included, but not entirely surprising given the city location. However, the thing that I found the most annoying was the lack of communication within the hotel itself.  We paid $80 for an extra half day since we didn't leave until 7 PM (normal check-out time is 1 PM), which was fine.  But how about communicating that from the front desk to the other necessary parties?  Housekeeping came by the room twice asking about what time we were leaving, only for us to inform them, both times, that we'd already paid for the later check out time.  Our room key cards deactivated themselves after  1 PM.  We went to the front desk, informed them of the situation, then got our room key cards reactivated.  Or so we were told.  After making a trip to the car with our luggage and returning to our rooms to retrieve more luggage, we found out that the key cards had not been correctly reactivated, so we were locked out of the room with our luggage still inside. So, yet Another trip to the front desk to explain the situation.  I wasn't in a huge hurry so it wasn't a big deal but it would have been nice to not run into so many obstacles after paying the extra money to stay late.
I came here with my husband when he was taking a medical school exam so we got a discounted rate for the club level so this review is a tad bias. 

Def. stay in the club floor if you come here. (free wi-fi)

The best things the hotel has got going for it is that it is very conveniently located to all the stores/schools, they have a very nice gym with new equipment and the continental breakfast came with a bunch of different cereals (huge cereal fan), fresh fruit, and an omelet as well as unlimited Starbucks coffee (with to go cups). YAY

Its biggest downfall was the room, it was hot and the air conditioning kept shutting off by itself and when it was on it made a very loud noise that was quite annoying.

For the rate we got $289.00 I am a fan (compared to the nearby hotels this was a steal!)
The Sheraton is a very nice hotel. The service is great. The amenities are great. The rooms are extremely nice. And, they have a half decent Chinese restaurant, for Philly at least, in the lobby.

However, they sort of have the market corned in this UPenn neighborhood. The only other decent hotel is the Inn at Penn. With limited options, the prices tend to get jacked up.

Unless money is a non issue or you get in on some kind of deal, or location happens to really matter, you are much better off looking into a hotel in Center City, where there are much more options and with the competition, the likelihood of getting a deal is much better.
A decent hotel option, convenient to campus and at a fair price point. I stay here because it's the Starwood closest to Penn, and as a platinum member, i get a great upgrade and could use my free weekend night. Front desk is very nice and courteous, with thoughtful touches such as maps to campus and such.

On the down side, no answer (!) when i called 3x for a wake-up call in the evening. I've stayed in fleabag hotels and seven-star resorts, and have never experienced a "no answer." My bag was not delivered to my room 1.5 hours after I'd dropped it off, causing me great anxiety in advance of an important conference call. And the printing situation at the "computer bullpen" off of the lobby was very confusing. Finally...internet access on the free in-room computer was abominably slow. Like, dial-up-circa-1994 slow.

Would stay here again if i could do "cash and points," or was otherwise financially reasonable... but otherwise prefer the Inn at Penn.
I chose the hotel for location- 2 blocks from desired location. Regretted from the moment I got here!  I understand that it is a city hotel and therefore probably charge for parking, but I would have thought that they would charge less to patrons staying at the hotel?!! I would rather have been further away at a nicer place. Upon entry into lobby and checking in, I was met with an lady that clearly did not get trained in proper customer service behavior. She was unfriendly, unhelpful and seemed annoyed that I had made her get up out of her seat to try and help me. The smell of the hotel is stale, even though the lobby tries to give an impression of modernism. The room was clean but as many have also noted, needs to be updated. No fridge in the room (had to pay an extra $25 to get one brought to the room- which ended up taking a little over an hour to be brought) and the bathroom provides the absolute minimum in functionality. The customer service continued to remain poor throughout the stay, and I thoroughly regretted not doing my due diligence prior to reserving the room- their website is extremely deceiving and I should have paid more attention to reviewers. I WILL NEVER stay here again and would recommend STRONGLY others to look elsewhere before staying at this hotel. I wish there was more I could do to deter people from staying at this place and saving them a lot of undue aggravation. Hopefully my review saves one or two people.....
Here's what I look for in a hotel:  A clean room, a quiet room, accurate and user-friendly temperature control, clean and soft linens, comfy pillow, hot water in shower, courteous service, reliable wifi, all at a decent price.  This place delivers the goods on all.  I really want to give them 5-stars, but they charged me $25 to park in their garage...really?  The room price was reasonable, but why do they charge customers extra to park?  Ugh!  Oh well...on all other accounts, this was a fantastic and pleasurable stay.  If I ever go back to Philly, I will definitely stay here again.
Hotel staff are great but obviously the place needs to be renovated. Patchy wall paper, old furniture, but the people that work there are friendly and outgoing. They always have Starbucks on tap and the outdoor pool and gym are better than the average hotel. The 3 stars would easily be 4-5 when this place gets a face lift but overall very happy with the experience.
The hotel is a 3 star hotel, however the customer service is 5 star.  After speaking directly to one of the Front Desk Managers, she  went about and beyond and out of her way to not only help us secure a time sensitive reservation allowing us to not only get a room during a very busy period, but made the room available early to accommodate our schedule at UPenn Med.  After checking in she checked on my status and even sent me a get well card.

In this day and age, that type of customer care/customer experience is greatly appreciated!

BTW - the room service we ordered was great.
I thought the place was great - nice looking and conveniently close to UPenn where I was going to for a new year's eve party. Nice big and comfy double beds. Nice big flatscreen as well as a free computer and internet available in all rooms - which was helpful for finding a place to go to dinner. Being New Year's Eve we only spent about 3 hours in the beds but they were great.

Had no mini bar which was strange but there was a gift shop in the lobby *though not open. Convenient for the noodle place next door to be connected to the hotel so as to not have to go outside to and the Wawa was just across the street for other needs.
Really ignorant and arrogant front desk manager. RUDE STAFF to cancel customer's booking. Never come back with this kind of staff there.
I am being generous with 1 star! As of today, I have stayed 926 nights at SPG hotels. I can say with 100% confidence this is the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. Very unwelcoming to a point of rudeness when I checked in and I am a Lifetime Platinum member. Property is not well kept up... kind of gross.
I actually had ZERO complaints about my room at the Sheraton. The bed was large and comfortable, the bathrooms clean, the concierge courteous. Overall on-par with the Sheraton standards of good service, clean rooms. Nothing over and beyond the minimum but you get what you pay for.

Given that this was the only hotel that was available on President's Day Weekend, the Sheraton delivered quality service. I stayed on the Club Floor and most definitely took advantage of the Lounge amenities (free water, cokes, breakfast, granola bars post-breakfast hour, h'orsdeuvres). 

Great location near the universities, and there are cabs readily available in front of the hotel to take you to Rittenhouse (about a $10 cab ride) or anywhere else your heart desires. It's also nearby some really cute restaurants (i.e. White Dog Cafe, Pod) so don't worry about not finding any good places around.
This hotel is all about convenience.  Union Station, the USMLE Step 2CS exam testing center, University of Pennsylvania, and Drexel are all within walking distance.  The rooms are clean and comfortable.  The staff are superb and go out of their way to be helpful.  I would stay here again.
As a frequent traveler I stay at Sheratons pretty often and really like them usually.  Instead of critiquing this hotel let me just list the highlights of my four-night stay while in town on a work trip:

Night #1 - Roommate and I awoken at 4am by the heater loudly 'moaning' (that's right, moaning).  After someone came to repair it it was determined that it could not be fixed so we were moved to a new room (4:30am) to sleep the rest of the night.

Night #2 - Alarm strobe lights flash for 20 minutes around 2am in our room, that was fun.

Night #4 - After one decent night of sleep we were violently awoken at 4:30am to the fire alarm going off full blast in our room for 10 minutes.  Then it stopped and 10 minutes later a voice comes on saying it was a test (seriously?!?!).

At breakfast (not at the hotel because unless you are in the 'club 'level' the only option is to eat moldy bagels at the Chinese restaurant on the ground floor for $13) we learned that our colleagues were awoken again after the fire alarm (around 5:30am) because their bathroom was literally flooding (over two inches of water on the floor).  They were up for another hour before it was fixed.  At checkout they were offered no discount whatsoever.  This blows my mind.

The last thing that must be mentioned is the ineptitude of Sheraton University City staff.  I did not speak to one person during my entire stay who seemed to understand basic, simple customer service.  I travel quite often and don't require much (we're not talking luxury here, I'm happy to even pay for breakfast if it is edible) but this place is probably in the top five worst hotels I have ever stayed.  At the very least I'd like to sleep through the night for at least half of my stay.  

Philly has plenty of hotels.  Please, for your mental and physical wellbeing, do not stay at this one.
Booked a room and had to cancel our trip.  Called over 3 weeks in advance and they refused to refund any portion of the booking.  For 2 nights I lost $636.74.  I travel often but I will no longer be staying at any Sheraton hotels.
Ok there are a few things I would like to say about this hotel. 
1. Horrible, squeaky and uncomfortable beds. My side hurt the next day from one night. Plus the pillows squish down into almost nothing so they don't even feel like pillows. I also noticed a couple stains on the comforter cover. Gross.

2. Wifi is slow as hell, I felt like I was taken back to 20 yrs ago when we all still had dial up or DSL. If I had been visiting for work that would have never cut it. Please update your network!

3. The AC is louder then you can ever imagine. It woke me up constantly through your the night with it's whirling. Not to mention I would go from hot to freezing in 5 seconds. In addition none of the buttons on the actual AC unit work, so you have to mess around with the thermostat to change the temp or turn it off. Horrible. 

4. The next day I tried a new room in hopes of better beds and opted for access to club lounge. Too bad I didn't get to experience it cuz about 20 mins after I got to the new room there was an emergency alert over the intercom telling everyone to evacuate the building. The elevators broke down so I had to walk down 18 flights of stairs worrying there might be a fire somewhere. The emergency alert message was very vague. I got downstairs so I could scarf down my appetizers and then I left to go to another hotel. I still have to get my luggage on the 18th floor somehow and it's already 3 hours later and no one is answering the phone. Plus the entire fire department of Philadelphia is parked outside. Great way to freak everyone who walks by out. 

Please for your own sake, stay elsewhere!
Very nice hotel, but you can tell its starting to show its age. The service was nice, but at times the person behind the desk seemed annoyed at us. The room was nice with a great view and I definitely recommend upgrading to the club, since you get free breakfast with it, snacks, etc.
Hotel is in a great location, the bed was super comfy and the room and bathroom were clean - the shower was hot and had great water pressure.  The room was getting just a bit worn around the edges.  The gym was clean and had decent equiprment.

The only real complaint I have is that the internet was so slow as to be basically worthless - had to use my phone for the majority of my stay.
Well, this hard for me to say, since I've have been staying here for approximately three years.  I started stay here when my daughter decided to attended college in Philadelphia.

So with taking her back and forth to school my wife and I needed a place to stay , and this hotel was actually recommended by the college in which my daughter attends.

We stayed last night and we weren't impressed with the accommodations.  The property is starting to show some wear and tear, and lack of maintenance on to the property.  We started to see this the time prior when we stayed, but decided to give it one more chance.

We are sorry to say that this probably our last stay at this hotel.

So long home away from home!
Nice hotel with good facilities, but the hotel's internet is as fast as dial up. Stop making excuses and fix it. I would not use this hotel again until the internet is fixed.
We were able to get extremely early check-in (around 11 AM) the day we arrived that set the bar really high and we were not disappointed. The room was nice and the outdoor pool was small but perfect on the hot days. 
It's close to public transit and very quick to Center City. It was also very nice to walk around the University of Pennsylvania campus.
Very slow elevators and a horrible Chinese restaurant off of the lobby for breakfast.
The best part of this hotel are two things, the staff and the location. The staff is very friendly, and are so eager to please. The location is perfect walking distance to a lot of different dining facilities and transportation. 

The hotel itself, looks outdated. The room service options are horrible for dining. Everything is Chinese food, from the Chinese restaurant that is attached to them. (That restaurant is a different story and rating on its own). During my stay, there where a few rainy days and it would have been nice to order room service, but that was out of the question. Both the cable and the internet are horrible!  The other issue was trying to keep the temperature in the bedroom at a constant temp. It got either too hot very fast and when you turned the heater down it got too cold. It was a constant struggle with that. The other issue we had was the bathroom, no counter space what so ever. I found myself having to pack and unpack all my toiletries and make up. It got annoying fast. The other down side was the lack of refrigerator, yet they did provide a microwave next to the ice and vendor machine.
A decently appointed hotel with rooms with free internet and complimentary services that help make your stay easier. Towel requests and room service was responded to quickly.

Downstairs, multiple ballrooms for career fairs or more. Overall they were very accommodating for requests during the ballroom use.
Stained comforters, a lot of street noise, noise from other rooms and vacuuming at 1am.  I could go on....I will be looking for another place to stay during my next visit to Philly.
I'm sure much of this hotel's business stems from people coming to Philadelphia to take the Step 2 CS exam. It's a short 5 minute walk from both the testing centers and a great place to stay if you're looking for a reliable and quiet hotel to spend the night before the exam. The staff is friendly and there's a Wawa close by for any last minute needs. If you book early (like when you schedule the exam months in advance...) the cost isn't too bad. Parking is $28, but you won't have to move your car until 6 pm the next day. The garage is tight, and it took me a while to get in because of all the traffic coming out, but once parked, it's very convenient and connected to the hotel. When I checked in, the person at the desk pulled out a copy of the Step 2CS first aid book for some light reading haha. Haven't tried breakfast here, but they do offer it downstairs. Complimentary make your own Starbucks coffee in the room, but $4 charge for a bottle of water. Bathroom was clean and up to date but the shower's water pressure wasn't great. Bed was really comfortable and the wifi was decent enough to be able to stream Netflix. Overall, pretty good for a one night stay!
Falling appart. Can see signs of age. WiFi spotty. I had to be on the phone with the AT guy for 15 minutes  to diagnose issue. As if this was was the first thing you want to go when you are back from a long day of meeting . Elevator very very slow. Took a good 5 minute to get the elevator to be there 
. Expensive , poor breakfast in a non air conditioned Asian restaurant they have contracted with next door . Rude guy at the restaurant. Kept screaming
at his employee. Not something you want to listen to first thing in the morning. Everybody could hear. 
Excellent location though and staff super nice. My room was quiet.
You hear the name "Sheraton" and you're thinking decent hotel; not 5 star, but at least okay. This Sheraton was a few steps above a motel. My biggest gripe is their room service is a Chinese food carry out that's across the street. All sorts of greasy food, pizza, subs etc...and it's not room service. It's gross, drunk food, which is fine if that what's your in to; just don't call it room service.
The front desk was pleasant but the room had stains on the wallpaper - it was so weird. I didn't look too closely to identify what kind of stains, but they were big and noticeable at eye level. 
The location was ideal, which is why I chose this hotel but it did not live up to my expectations.
Wacky place.
First night, a false fire alarm at 8am.
Second night, a false fire alarm at 10am.
Third night, nothing.
Fourth night, power went out at 2am.

The most annoying this was the thermostat. It kept reverting to a default setting at irregular intervals. I'd set it to 67, everything good, then an hour later it would be at 70. I'd set it back to 67, then in the morning it's back to 70. I don't like when the room plays mind games with me.

Room service is cheap. Got a waffle that was fine.
I actually really enjoyed this hotel. Not sure why it got really horrible reviews. I got a double bed room for business travel, check in was a breeze. The hotel staff were super nice. The beds were really comfortable, shower was good (didn't have good pressure though). Everything was clean and tidy. Really don't have any complaints about this place. Walkable from train station and also right on university campus. I recommend eating at white dog cafe which was recommended by the hotel. If you ask them, they will give you a list of all the recommended restaurants. Did not disappoint!
The best words would be "consistently underwhelmed." I have stayed here for a few years every so often and this Sheraton barely coasts by in the sub-basement of the Sheraton brand- apparently well under the radar of anyone high up in the company.

It exists, and is able to continue charging rates more suited to a hotel far higher in stature, because it sits 'twixt the Drexel and U Penn campuses. Thusly, it has constant demands from unaware parents who assume any Sheraton will be, well, as nice as a Sheraton. Unfortunately for them- they're wrong. 

Aside from reserving a specific (large) suite for a grad party and showing up and being ushered into a single room - which took an hour to correct, the hallways are dirty, the rooms in need of a facelift, and the staff and food and common areas are best described as "enh."

So, enjoy, if you can... and keep your expectations somewhere closer to a Holiday Inn and maybe you will find it a nice surprise.
My Yelp is more about "Hotels.com" than the Sheraton.  I made a reservation in this hotel a month ago via Hotels.com.  The description of the room clearly said (and still does) "free cancellation".  Today, more than 72 hours before I was to go, I called to cancel.  Sam, at Hotels.com said there is a room and tax charge cancellation fee!

The fine print at the bottom of the web page DOES say there is a one night and tax fee for canceling...but I didn't see this, primarily because their description clearly says "free cancellation".

Read the fine print or avoid Hotels.com.
This would be a fine hotel for $60 a night. Sadly they charge 3-4 times that. The biggest plus (and the reason I'm here again for another 8 nights) is that it is 1 block from the Penn campus. It's no surprise that the Inn at Penn sells out so quickly. The staff is friendly and the bed is comfortable but that's it. The ac is ridiculously loud, the desk/dresser combo was basic and warm. The bathroom has peeling wall paper and worn out fixtures and the free Internet here is so slow the should just say they don't have Internet. If you need to get online, bring an air card or forget it. I pray that next year I can get a room at the Inn at Penn so I don't get stuck here. The two stars are for the staff and location only, otherwise stay somewhere else.
Just stayed here over Labor Day wkend, had a little hiccup which thanks to MS. TAMMY ROSE worked out rather smoothly! Room, breakfast, staff & service all exceptional! I'd definitely recommend this hotel & stay here again. Ask for Tammy she's great!
I signed up for yelp just to write this view. My experience at this hotel was terrible.  I did not sleep at all.  Apparently when the air conditioners are turned on, the generators on my floor are kicked on.  This makes a loud pulsing noise right behind the bed in the room they gave me.  The bed vibrates and the floor vibrates.  I paid hundreds of dollars to stay here and got no sleep.  The hotel staff receives this complaint each summer, they admit.  So my question is, knowing this and the fact that the hotel is only at 50% capacity, why would you place a guest in this room?  I am super annoyed this morning.  :-/
I stayed here as part of my corporate travels and enjoyed the excellent customer service.  I was given a nice room on a higher floor.  If you have business in University City, this is the place to stay!  Convenient location and a taxi stand right outside.  Since it's in a University environment, there is a plethora of food choices right outside your door.  I also heard this place had an excellent gym, which unfortunately I was not able to take advantage of during my stay.
Keeping this short and simple. Walking distance to Drexel Univ.

1. Beware of the 2 Water Bottles in the room. They are a bait to charge you $4. SHAME on Sheraton when other hotels do not even charge on this.

2. Wi-Fi is D I A L - U P speed. All it was missing was the Dial-up sound! iiiiing,orrrrrrrkkk,iiiiiinnnng, orrrrrkkkkk! It was sooooooooo slow and USELESS. Paging  Sheraton IT and Operations Manager. Investing in a better Router is not that expensive and a great service to your guests paying hard-earned money. 

3.Good indoor garage parking and as expected very tight space. A good test on your driving skills unless you are driving a FIAT or Mini Cooper. $25/night and a lot cheaper than what others would charge i.e. $45-50/night in downtown Philly.

4. Bathroom needs some updating and cleaining of what appears to be mold on the popcorn ceiling. Rm 824 to be exact.

5. No Breakfast

6. Pool is on the 7th Floor

7. Good location when visiting Philly. Downtown will cost you in the $170-$200's. Paid $130 using LastMinuteTravel.com.

UPDATE: 
After leaving a voicemail to Sheraton Billing Dept. Jeannette called to offer to reverse the $4 charge for the two bottled waters since no explcit tags were on it stating it is not complimentary.
Great hotel, no complaints.  i found a package on their website for all this free stuff including breakfast and wine, with a room on the club floor.  free computer with internet in the room, flat screen tv, very clean and new.  everyone was very helpful and accomodating without being overly nice.
I stayed in room 1516 from Jun 7, 2018 to Jun 15, 2018 for the ABA Stonier program (my second year). I chose the hotel because it had a coin-op laundry room (I tend to pack light). The Sheraton is very close to the Wharton campus, the Penn book store, and the subway. It also has an average Chinese restaurant in the lobby. My room was clean. The staff is friendly.

However, there are some major drawbacks:

1. The water system is old. I didn't have hot water for four consecutive mornings. Despite multiple complaints, the hotel's engineering team took 5 days to figure out that they needed emergency water pipe repairs.

2. The bathroom ventilation system is old. My bathroom smells like cigarettes at night, but I don't smoke. The front desk did nothing and said that the hotel has a "no smoking policy". Obviously, there was a guest that was smoking in the bathroom and the ventilation system is poorly maintained.

3. The elevator system is old. The hotel has 6 elevators -- one for the garage, one broken, and 4 functioning elevators.

Another thing about my room: it was right by the elevator, which is not a big deal until you notice that the room door is a little too small for the door frame -- the hotel didn't bother installing any backer rod or door seals to fill in the door gaps.

I'm never staying here again.
I thought I was disappointed in the Sheraton on 17th in Philadelphia but this one topped it. My friend and I were finding a hotel last minute so when we arrived at the Sheraton, we asked the concierge desk to store our bags while we ran to the bank to book the room. A front desk clerk by the name of Chris over heard us and yelled across the lobby that they can not hold our bags if we do not have a reservation. It was rude and embarrassing, we tried to explain our situation and he cut us off and said they cannot hold our bags. So my friend waiting in the lobby with our stuff while I ran to the bank. 
The hotel it's self is old and wearing and Def needs a remodel. To top off the rudeness and old hotel I woke up with 11 bed bug bites. I told the front desk when we checked out and all she said was she'll check. Please be cautious when booking this hotel bed bug bites are NOT fun
I have mixed feelings about this place. The staffs are friendly and helpful, but the staff at the front desk can be overwhelmed at times. Note: I stayed here during COVID-19 pandemic and I suspect some staffs are being furloughed. 

The location is pretty convenient. It's near UPenn and Drexel University. There are many restaurants, mostly casual fare, within walking distance.

I also really like the bed and pillows. They are some of the most comfortable I've slept on.  

My slight complain is the decor. It's an older property and the decor is dated and pretty beat up at guestroom floors. Also, the room service crew is not as thorough as they should. I saw a hair pin on my bathroom floor. A quick glance at my profile photo, and you'd understand the hair pin belongs to the previous guest. 

My biggest complain is smell. When I came back from dinner the first night, my room smell like someone was smoking marijuana in the room. Wow! when they said they upgraded me to the highest floor, I didn't expect them to mean it so literally (pun intended). The smell is limited near the bathroom and I'm guessing it's coming from the ventilator or some conduit that's unsealed. I requested a room change, which was promptly done. The second room has faint smell of cigarette at different time of the day. I was worried that if smell could easily come into the room, what else could be coming in? (remember, I stayed here during the COVID pandemic).
Great location BUT do not stay here right now, the hotel's elevator is under construction and you will either get stuck on the elevator or have to walk up and down 14 flights of stairs.  If you want to get your steps in by all means, BUT if you have someone who is older or not physically capable like I have this will make things very difficult.  No apology from the front desk, just an excuse that the engineers are involved.  DO NOT STAY HERE this summer, wait until the renovations have been completed.  I wish I would have booked the Inn at Penn.
