The hotel is REALLY nice for the price. The outside place is deff NOT as good. It is literally at the middle of busy Chinatown. One good perk is, it's only one block away from delicious restaurants. I came here for a school interview, and parking was extremely stressful. It cost 25 dollars PER a day. But one good thing is, this location is near  the liberty bell and other popular tourist locations. So instead of driving, I was able to walk to the Liberty bell within 20 minutes and saved the trouble of parking and etc. the pictures of the hotel room is EXACTLY what they posted. Overall, I'm happy with the price and my stay
Stayed in this hotel 3 nights (checked in on a Thursday and left on a Sunday). Read several reviews online that appeared after I booked and was a little apprehensive, but, we were very happy with our stay. 

Brief overview: 
Location: can't be beat, especially for the price
Bathroom: clean and updated
Bedding: comfortable
Room: clean and updated (except for rug)
Price: very affordable
Cons: lack of soundproofing and carpet (not experience ruining, read below).

First off, it's in the heart of Chinatown, which for some travelers may be a bit overwhelming, especially if you are not used to city life or have not been to a Chinatown. (Turns out, Philly has the 3rd largest Chinatown in the U.S. - at least, according to one of the tour guides we had.) Nevertheless, DO NOT LET THIS DETER YOU!! The restaurants are authentic and very good, just look at all the ones I visited thanks to Yelp reviewers.  Additionally, you are a 10 min walk to City Hall, Love Park, Macy's as well as the Liberty Bell, Constitution Hall, and many other historical sites. Also, it is a block from the convention center. 

As for the hotel, we arrived around 230pm (check-in 3pm) and our room was not ready yet. They offered to check our bags (5 pieces) so we can go out. By the time we finished tagging the bags, the front desk informed us the room was finished cleaning and we could check in.

Our room was on the 6th floor and facing the front of the building (overlooking Cherry Street). The room was clean and looks like it was updated somewhat recently, especially the bathroom. The beds were very comfortable as were the pillows. The curtains were more or less black out curtains, which allowed us to sleep in a little. There was a flat screen TV with plenty of channels, didn't really use though so can't comment on much. There was a mini fridge (no freezer) for use. 

The bathroom was very nice. No frills, but clean and  updated. There was a blow dryer on the wall, but we did not use so cannot comment on the quality. The soap, shampoo, and conditioner provided did the job, but were not great.

There was a breakfast offered each morning (included in our stay, not sure if it is for all rooms). I stopped by to see what was offered, looked like a typical small hotel continental breakfast (some pastry, bagels, hard boiled and scrambled eggs, sausage, and fruit. They also had a waffle maker (batter appeared to be premade). They do have juice and coffee/tea complimentary 24 hours. 

The front desk and housekeeping folks were all pleasant. 

The only negatives (which do not constitute reasons to not stay here) were the carpet in our room and the lack of sound proofing. 

In regards to the carpet, it wasn't dirty or anything, it just was worn down, especially when the rest of the room looks so rejuvenated. The flooring in the bathroom was not carpet and was perfectly fine.

In regards to the soundproofing, we could hear the garbage trucks and dumpsters being emptied each morning, as well as other guest room doors when they are allowed to close on their own. Of note, there is a small (appeared to be two truck) fire station at the other end of the block, but we didn't hear sirens much nor were we awoken from them. 

If I visit Philly again, I would definitely look into staying here again.
I stay in a lot of hotels. I've actually come to hate trying to book hotels in major cities because they're not usually worth the price. I'm happy to say that the Sleep Inn made a liar out of me.

The front desk staff was incredibly friendly. I was not expecting that at all based on some of the other reviews. Breakfast left something to be desired, but I'm a food snob.

The room was spotless. The bathroom was spotless. And the water pressure was better than at home! This may seem like a trivial thing, but after hours on a crowded train followed by seventy-degree temperatures and two pitchers of margaritas it's pretty damned important.

I definitely plan to return. Sorry about the blue spots on the pillowcase (also an occupational hazard - or more like the downside of having blue hair).
BEDBUGS!! 

I recently stayed in room 403 this past weekend and woke up with bites !! I noticed something crawling on my jeans and confirmed it was a bed bug. I have bites visible on my face and arms. 

Do not stay here.
I booked 3 nights to attend a convention. Please bear in mind that I made this reservation 6 months ahead of time, so my rate was "fair" for the summer season. Also, I stayed in a room on the 5th floor, so I have no experience sleeping in the basement or next to the ice machine.
What I liked about this hotel:
- One-two blocks from the convention center, Jefferson Station, Reading Terminal Market, CVS pharmacy, and Market Street where you get the PHLASH bus (Fantastic, all-day pass for $5), walking distance to some main attractions.
- My bedroom was quiet and the bathroom (very large) seemed to have been renovated recently.
- They offer breakfast which is convenient if you have an early flight. There are great choices walking distance (Chinese bakeries that open at 8:00 and a French bakery that opens at 7:00).
- My room had a microwave oven, a refrigerator, coffee maker, and a large flat TV.
- Located in Chinatown, one block from a popular French bakery and close to a tiny peaceful Buddhist temple (please read my other reviews). I want to mention this as a plus item since I read some negative comments about the hotel being in an ethnic neighborhood. 
Coming from San Francisco Bay Area where there is a strong Cantonese influence, I had the opportunity to experience cuisine from other Chinese provinces in Philadelphia. It's true that visitors will unlikely eat non-GMO, gluten-free, or organic food, but... it's whole food. Dishes were authentic, made with whole food. Also, second to the low price that you pay for a seafood dish or pork barbecue, visitors get to eat not-frozen, not-precooked, not-microwaved, or tertiary processed food. 
And how about the variety? Hand pulled noddles, dumplings, duck with crisp skin, rice congee, flaky egg tarts, and taro cakes are very laborious dishes that take hours to be prepared. 
What I didn't like:
Unfortunately, I was returning to the hotel during the garbage collection. The streets can be an eye sore and not all servers have a friendly attitude (I had breakfast at a hole in the wall restaurant where the kitchen and restroom were downstairs). However, for a short stay, I hope tourists can look at the interesting things, rest at this hotel and appreciate its location.
I booked my room early morning before I arrived. It was a last minute trip. I thought oh well I'll leave now and just check out Chinatown before check in time. Well, this happened on like the coldest day of the year and the wind chills were blustery to add to it. I walked in the lobby and said "What are the chances of an early check in?" face beat red almost wind burnt.  The woman at the desk pulled up my info and handed me a key no questions asked. 

When I got to my room they were still cleaning the surrounding rooms. I was so pleased at this because I was able to to stop and say hello and give them that please don't judge me when I leave look. I said I'm only here for the night so in case I don't see you here you go. (Always tip btw) I left for the store and when I came back it was like a spring day had just left my room on the most coldest day of the year. This made me plan the next morning that I wasn't quite ready to leave. Instead of extended check out I just called down and extended my stay just one more night.   Breakfast was amazing. I'm running out of room so let's just say I ended up leaving after the third night after only planning to stay for one.
This is a great location and decent quality for the price you pay, but there were a lot of issues when my friend and I stayed here. First of all the elevators did not work. We were located on a high floor, which was fine. Whatever, we both need the exercise, but it's just a big inconvenience. The walls are also rather thin. The room we had was on the corner and every time someone opened the stairwell or the ice machine went off it sounded like a jackhammer was outside. The beds were comfortable but that's about it. This is a good place if you need a cheap place to crash but I'm going to be exploring other options before I even consider coming back here.
My boyfriend and I absolutely love Philly and we have had nothing but great experiences at Sleep Inns in the past, however this is the 2nd time we have stayed at this location within the last 6 month's and it is a complete trash hotel. On our first visit we wanted to give the place the benefit of doubt and didn't complain about being in the basement and spotty WI-Fi. The second time around we had the exact same room that smelled damp and still zero Wi-Fi and no phone service. The room felt like a total dungeon. Our room was so below ground when you look out the window our view encompassed a stormdrain filled with trash and waste. When  we complained no one at the front desk cared and blew is off. Sleep Inn is a great and affordable chain but this one in Philly Chinatown is garbage. Stay Away!!!!
Free breakfast, free at times good WiFi, free cable TV, general fitness center, $25 parking next door and very tasty food in the area.

Just don't room on the ground floor nor next to stair well exit if you'd like a good night's rest.
Really happy with my hotel selection. It's an older building like most in Philly but it's been remodeled with fresh paint, furnishings and accessories.
Our room and bathroom were spotless. The bed was extremely comfortable. Parking in lot next door is $25 for every 24 hours which isn't terrible especially since the hotel is so affordable. 
Free breakfast includes the standards-waffles, muffins, cereal, toast, juice, coffee, etc.
I have to tell you the staff was probably the friendliest hotel staff I've ever interacted with. I'm always so amazed by how friendly hotel staffers are in Europe but this crew definitely rivaled them.
This was a really pleasant experience.
Gotta give it up for the Sleep Inn City Center.  When you factor the great rates, favorable location and free hot daily breakfast, I challenge Yelpers to find a better overall lodging value in Philly. It's not the most picturesque and surely there's some minor annoyances like a sometimes slow elevator, ambient room noise & low flow toilets. This was my first time in Philly, and I would totally stay here again however.  Great being here during the Eagles winning the NFC Championship and feeling the pride & energy of the City. Go Birds! Location is a very manageable walk (maybe 5 blocks?) to the Liberty Bell, Independence Hall (a beautiful building + UNESCO World Heritage Site), and the U.S. Mint.  Unfortunately for me, these sites were at least partially shuttered due to the recent Gov't shutdown-impasse.  Maybe all the more reason to come back to Philly in the future I suppose?  Very walkable (flat) downtown which helps you burn off all the calories from these devine cheesesteaks this city is so famous for.  FYI, the hotel is located in the Chinatown section of the city.  Not to fear.  The SEPTA train from the airport will take you directly to Jefferson Station, where the hotel is a 3-4 block walk away. There's bars & Chinese restaurants nearby where you can score a drink, including a bar right next to the hotel.  However, the immediate area is rather dry of places where you can step in and buy a 6 pack or single beer cans.  Pennsylvania  surprisingly is an alcohol "control state," with tighter controls on alcohol than many other states.  Most of the corner markets that do sell beer are over on Walnut St., which is about a half-mile walk each way to & from the hotel. Sundays, state law dictates that you can't make in-store packaged alcohol purchases after 7pm. These were small annoyances during my stay, as I enjoy my suds while on vacay.  The hotel is also short drives by car to Atlantic City (1 hr) & NYC (1.5 hrs).  Several transit lines in Philly will also take you to each for like $10-$12 per way.  Cross the nearby Ben Franklin Bridge, which transverses the Delaware River, and you're in "Joh-zeee" (Jersey, NJ).  Philadelphia's way cool.
Absolutely disgusting! I found bed bugs in my pillow and after confronting management I literally had to have a full on argument with them about giving me a few free nights as compensation for the health hazard and inconvenience of the situation. They told me on the phone that they could not give more than two nights because it "costs the hotel money". My argument was that there were three people staying in that room and that each person deserves compensation for that. Choice hotels is stingy and I will never be staying at this disgusting place again!
I'm here to just hang out in the city for the weekend . Hotel is nice, 6 floors. Heavy window curtain to keep light out if needed . Heat/ ac work great . Nice Breakfast starts at 6. Waffle maker, scrambled eggs, suaguage,  breads, hard boiled eggs , yogurt,  cereal, coffee juices.  Staff are really nice.  Location right in China town.  A mile from south street and rittemhouse area. King room. Not a lot of space in the room from the bed size but comfy enough for mg luggage and using the desk. There's also a mini fridge and microwave in the room and coffee maker
I really can't say enough about the Sleep Inn, Center City. I stayed here with my dad and sister while in town for a college visit. When I booked our stay I didn't realize the hotel was in the middle of China Town (it made for some great food) but we never had any issues with noise. 

The staff were incredibly professional and very helpful. Check in was a breeze, they gave us a late checkout and allowed us to store our luggage. 

What impressed us all the most were the rooms of this "two star" hotel. We stayed in a double queen room and the beds and pillows were SO COMFORTABLE. Towels in the bathroom were softer than I would expect from a hotel of this ranking and the bathroom was so well done. Great shower with good water pressure and an awesome tub for a relaxing bath. The room was clean and quiet and decorated so well. 

Breakfast was tasty, even if a touch on the simple side. It got the day going and was included in our stay. 

We only stayed for one night but I would have been incredibly happy staying for a week or more. I'll definitely be staying here when I come to visit my sister at school. HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
For the price we paid, we expected a decent stay here. The front desk lady was very pleasant and helpful, but the positives stop there. The property is definitely dated, but generally clean. What was most concerning and bothersome was the amount of bleach you smell on the sheets and towels and the chlorine you taste in the drinking water. 

During our 5-day road trip, we stayed at two different Sleep Inns (the other one in Winchester, VA). This hotel chain uses too much bleach on the bedding and towels to the point of all my family members developing itchiness. I had it the worst with even mild rashes on my thighs, arms and face. This was the first night of the trip and all our bookings were non-refundable, so we didn't cancel the one in Winchester. So, we suffered for two days - while trying to minimize the exposure by covering as much of our skin as possible with long pants and long sleeved shirts. Very disappointed!

Interestingly, additional two nights we booked at Comfort Inn (Choice Hotels owns both Sleep Inn and Comfort Inn) were less eventful. While we could detect the smell of bleach on sheets and towels, it was not as irritating. We will never book at Sleep Inn again.
If you want an inexpensive, clean hotel with a small breakfast buffet, extremely comfortable beds and a kind staff, this is the place for you.  It reminds me of a little European hotel.  I stayed there this past weekend and I left relaxed and refreshed.  It's right in the middle of Chinatown but on a quiet street, close to Reading Terminal Market, and great restaurants - both in Chinatown and further south below Market St.  It's close to the Market-Frankford subway line.  I am still dreaming about the bed.  Most comfortable sleep I've had in years. I almost didn't want to write a review because I want this place to be my little escape.....
3-star worthy; A-OK.

Sleep Inn is definitely not a hotel... not quite a motel... is "inn' its own category?? Well, it wasn't anything to go home and tell the whole world about. At the core, you get what you pay for... For a location that's close to the city center, Sleep Inn offers fairly modest pricing; that being said, their services are very limited.

the front desk staff makes sure to tell all the customers to make sure you do not have a "do not disturb" sign up past 11am, because once the housekeeping staff comes through a certain floor, they will not come back (and are off by 4pm).

The 'workout facility' is literally one treadmill and an exercise bike in a small room (which I did not see anyone use). The location is right at the edge of Chinatown, a block to the east of Reading Terminal. Great setup, good access to all the great food in Chinatown.

Overall, the only reason I  booked this accommodating was the lack of availability during busy conference season in April. Would I stay here again? Perhaps, if it is the last location that is within reasonable walking distance to city center... However, this would most definitely not be my first option.
I have called them 3x since last Saturday and sent 3 urgent emails, each days apart. They've mistakenly charged me for a room after telling me that I didn't have a reservation; I am trying to clear the matter up but they do not return phone calls or answer emails. This is the email I've sent them:

The purpose of this letter is to request a refund of $276.05 charged to my **** card (ending ****) by mistake.
 
Several weeks ago, I made a reservation for a room in Philadelphia for the night of Friday, October 25 at the Sleep Inn hotel on Cherry St. I gave your agent my **** card number, email address, and phone number. On Thursday, October 24, I could not find an email notification confirming my reservation. I called your counter to make sure I had a reservation and your agent could not find my reservation. I was concerned that I'd made the reservation at another hotel, so I called a few more hotels in the area. When none of them had a reservation for me, I went ahead and made one at the Best Western Plus on Vine St.
 
On the morning of Saturday, October 26, I noticed the charge on my **** card from Sleep Inn. I immediately called to resolve the dispute. Again, your agent could not find my reservation. After advising her to look for people who didn't check in the previous night, she discovered that my name was misspelled with a "C" instead of an "S" in my last name; this is both why she couldn't find me before, and why I never got an email notification.
 
The agent did not have the authority to issue my card a refund; she took my name and phone number and told me that a manager would contact me. I haven't received a call. Please refund the charge as I was not aware that there was a reservation to cancel; if I'd known I had a reservation, I would have used it. But your agent could not find my reservation either, so it was assumed that there was none.
 
I again called on the morning of Tuesday, October 29 and was told that the manager was in a conference call and would reach back to me upon its conclusion. I still haven't heard anything. I will try to call again on Thursday, October 31. I have opened a case with **** contesting the validity of the charge. Ideally, we can just get this squared away and I can close that.

My third call failed because there was no answer either with the direct line (267)417-8990 or with the front desk.
I was a big fan. Clean, cute room. Decent free breakfast. Large tv, work deck space, microwave, fridge. Ridiculously large bathroom. Wifi was fast enough to stream.

I mention these things because I was attending a conference at Loews and people were complaining about not having any of these things but paid almost twice as much as me.
Not bad. Clean, safe, decent rooms. The A/C works well, good flow of cold air. The bed is a little bit hard but otherwise okay. 

This place is right in Chinatown.
We were only staying one night in Philadelphia, so we just needed a decent, reasonably priced hotel that wasn't way out by the airport. Since the NFL Draft was (unbeknownst to me) going on, pickings were virtually nonexistent under $250. This hotel ended up being about $150 (plus $25 per day for parking in the lot next door), so it wasn't terrible.

It's located in Chinatown, so it isn't right by the tourist attractions of the Liberty Bell, Independence Hall, etc, but it certainly wasn't too far. We did have some serious traffic and parking issues closer to the sites, though, (plus another $20 for parking), so you might be better off just staying in the original lot and taking a cab or bus.

Our room was on the sixth floor at the end of the hall. There wasn't too much noise, but we could hear other guests going into and out of their rooms. I was a little concerned about our room because the lobby was warm, humid, and had a dank/musty small. But the room was clean, the decor was in really good shape, the bed was pretty comfortable, and the air conditioning worked well. Our room included a mini fridge and a microwave, which I always like to have. Breakfast in the morning was disappointing. I don't expect much from a free hotel meal, but even the "safe" stuff wasn't very good.

Overall not a bad experience for the price.
A little surprised that there's a hotel right in Chinatown. Also surprised just how nice the hotel is. It's very clean. Our room was facing another building but compared to how nice the hotel is, I can't really complain. Wi-fi only worked well on the 2nd floor. I couldn't get any access in my room (4th floor). The bathroom was pretty big actually- loved it. Breakfast area was somewhat small but it was kind of continental plus eggs, sausages, oatmeals, waffles, yogurt
Chose to stay here because the nightly rate was half of other hotels in the city. The room was decent, a little small, but we weren't planning to spend a lot of time in the room. The bathroom was very spacious on the other hand. I think it was almost the same size as the bedroom. The hotel is next door to a Bonchon, so our room smelled a lot like fried chicken. The mattress had a zippered mattress cover which makes me think they're either being proactive to deter bed bugs, or they've had bed bugs before. I thought the bed was very comfortable though. The parking lot next to the hotel is dark, with little to convey extra security. We paid $25 to park overnight down the street by Chowbus because it was well lit, had an attendant, and a fence. The clerk that checked us in was not friendly. No greeting or any niceties, just "ID?". We could hear every door slam our neighbors chose to bestow upon us, so bring ear plugs.
Good place, room was clean & spacious. Walking distance to a lot of attractions. Breakfast was standard but good. A little noisy, you could hear the people on the top walking
This was our second time staying at the Sleep Inn in Center City Philadelphia. Our first time was not a good experience and we decided to give them the benefit of the doubt and give them another try. Well, we were placed in the same exact room as our previous stay. Our room is literally in the basement. Which wouldn't be a big deal except for our wi-fi never worked during both stays and we also had no cell phone service. Wi-fi is supposed to be complimentary with your stay. The basement and room also smelled a little strange too. Our towels left lint all over our bodies after drying off from our showers. When I checked out, the front desk attendant asked how our stay went. I said "Not so well.". I explained all of the issues I've covered above here and all he said was that we ended up in the basement because we booked a room with a king size bed. He didn't take anything off of my bill. Which I feel he should've done. But instead, he just told me what room to book next time so I don't end up in the basement. I shouldn't have to jump through hoops to book a room that will actually have wi-fi and cell phone service. I shouldn't have to walk to the main lobby in order to use the wi-fi and make a simple phone call or send a text message. The complimentary breakfast was very disappointing as well. About the only positive part about our stay was the bed was comfortable.
WARNING WARNING WARNING - bedbugs !!! ROOM 603. 
Woke up in the middle of the night from bed bugs biting. Management said that this is a new thing, clearly not reading the reviews on here. Pissed I didn't read these reviews before going here. Refunded for the room, but honestly should get money for all the crap we went through afterwards. 

Had to go straight to the laundry mat to wash all clothes, threw away my luggage, and now need to get my car detailed!

In addition to the bed bugs, the room had no hand soap, and the carpet and lamp shade was filthy, AND the sheets had stains. 

Seriously don't do it.
For a long weekend trip to Philly, Sleep Inn was perfect! Some notes:

- It is literally right around the corner from the Disney World of food and local flavor: Reading Terminal Market. This ensured amazing access to early hours and minimal crowds (us in our disheveled states also helped with crowd clearing). 

- The king sized bed was AMAZING. It was perfect for falling into a temporary coma in spite of life going on inside the room (Game of Thrones being played, clattering on keyboards, etc.) while I was in said coma.

- The breakfast was a plus. For a free breakfast, that included EGGS and bacon, it was top notch.

- It is also within walking distance to the artsy-fartsy sites to the West and the patriotic sites to the East. It can be walking distance to Pat and Geno's cheesesteaks, but we took an Uberpool.

- Service was great - the staff are really nice and accommodating. Would come back again if I'm in the area for a weekend again.
Great location, clean rooms, good breakfast.  Beds were comfortable. Walking distance to many historic sites such as the Liberty Bell and Independence Hall. Parking for a fee was good because they allowed in and outs for no additional charges.  Staff was very helpful and friendly.  This location is in Chinatown about a 10-15 walk from many areas. Our family with teens loved it.
Great location! It is walking distance of everything and is much more affordable than any other hotels in the area! Although free breakfast was offered, it didn't seem very appetizing so we skipped on that. The customer service was standard. The hotel was clean but the rooms were very small and did not offer much of a view of the beautiful city. Next door is a BonChon so the scent of chicken is strong in the hotel. Parking is next door with every 24 hours being $25, nobody really monitors the cars so be careful.
It was clean.  Close to everything.  Included breakfast and WiFi.  Parking was $25 but you gonna pay that or more anywhere in Center City unless you find street parking. Nice renovated rooms and good service.  Great location in Chinatown if you plan on going out or eating late..
