HOTEL REVIEW:

I like horror movies- so I was really excited when I arrived at this hotel and felt like I was in one. It even looks haunted from the street with the shredded cloth shades in front of the windows to the interior with the dingy carpet and walls and the worn furniture. I got a room on the third floor and was next to a closet of some sort that had weird screechy noises coming from it. (I like to think it was someone sharpening an axe over and over again on a mechanical sharpening machine).

I was disappointed after I passed out exhausted after a day of walking up and down South Street. I wanted to stay awake to see if something or someone would emerge out of the closet, or see if the walls would start bleeding. But instead of falling asleep peacefully, I was jarred awake repeatedly from the club across the street that sounded like there was either a gang fight or a European soccer game taking place outside.  I managed to drown it out by putting on the Lifetime channel on t.v. and somehow fell asleep.

The next morning I woke up to this horrible show called "Wedding Brides" (The show where they have four brides and a contest to see who has the best wedding, I thought I was having a nightmare but no, that show actually exists) and free coffee (they provide you with tiny water bottles, a coffee machine, coffee grinds, sugar and powdered cream at the hotel). 

I was happy that I was still alive but still upset I didn't get to see any bleeding walls or poltergeist activity.  I don't know if I'd stay here again, but if I do, I'm bringing earplugs and a ouija board.

Pluses: Complimentary coffee, free bars of mini soap!, good location and close to south street and historical areas, spooky ambiance.

Minus: The doors seemed a bit flimsy- so we wedged a chair on the doorknob (just in case *see photo i uploaded), loud club next door, no poltergeists (maybe they were on vacation).
Totally awful.

Full disclosure: I did not actually stay at the Society Hill Hotel - the complete story is below. Bottom line is that I made a reservation, had to cancel it without a refund, but was told I could use the amount I had paid towards a future reservation. Society Hill Hotel went back on that when I called to re-book, so my stay never happened, but after reading the reviews here, I'm thinking I dodged a bullet. This place seems shady and their sense of customer service is non-existent.

Originally, I had booked a reservation for the Society Hill Hotel for February 20 and 21, 2013 through Booking.com. I was supposed to be in Philly for a conference but I became seriously ill that week and was unable to travel. I called the Society Hill Hotel twice and left messages for them in regards to my reservation. They never returned my calls.

I then contacted Booking.com to see if their customer service team could succeed in reaching the hotel to either cancel my reservation for a refund, or see if the money I had paid could be applied as a credit to a future stay.
 
It took awhile for Society Hill Hotel to respond to Booking.com (big surprise), but later that week I eventually I had a conversation with a Booking.com agent who told me that the Society Hill Hotel would not give me a refund but that the amount I had paid ($200) could be credited to a future stay. I asked if I needed to confirm those dates immediately, and the agent said no. I asked also if I needed to call the hotel or if I could call Booking.com again and was told I should contact Booking.com when I was ready with the new dates and that the $200 I had paid for the February reservation could be credited to my new reservation.

I called Booking.com on March 22 with the new dates, which I thought I would work out because I have a wedding to go to in Philly later this year. Basically, Society Hill Hotel said they would not honor the $200 credit and expects me to pay in full for a new reservation. In other words, I've paid them money for a service that I never recieved, and now they want me to pay them MORE money.
 
Methinks not. Clearly, Society Hill Hotel is more interested in a making a quick buck than in running a sustainable business. I've asked Booking.com to stop listing Society Hill Hotel, as this place looks like too much of a hassle to deal with and are an all-around disappointment, even if they are relatively cheap.  Other travelers need to know that they should AVOID Society Hill Hotel. Pay the extra money and stay somewhere safer and cleaner that actually gives a d*mn.
Hotel Review: another listing on Yelp says that the hotel is CLOSED. Well, not unless it happened last week! Coming from LA for a conference at which my husband spoke, I scheduled the travel on Travelocity (which gave the hotel 3 stars, and travelers there rated it 3.5. I suspect ownership fabricated its own reviews). This hotel sounded quaint: "Ben Franklin room, fresh flowers, breakfast, private bath in historic downtown" ...ok. At $120 a night plus tax, I was expecting a small clean room with no frills. If the room had been $35 and had only 2 stars on Travelocity, I would have KNOWN what I was getting into. A NIGHTMARE!!!!

We cab it to the front door with a grimy note saying "Check into Hotel at the Bar". Ok, a red flag # 1. The bartender looks at a piece of paper and hands us a key on a cheap keychain (from which the key fell). He opened a back door behind the bar and told us to climb to the 3rd floor. OK... RED FLAG # 2. Up we climbed some unkempt stairs and hallways that became more dilapidated with each floor. I started to feel a little sick but remained optimistic. Once we reached our floor we noticed a missing ceiling panel with electrical wires hanging down. GULP! The front door was some cheap hollow patched door I could have put my fist through. The rickety lock made my husband curse. 

Once inside I knew immediately we would not stay. Forget red flags, this is a total bait & switch. The walls were cracked and disgusting. The furniture had scratches and looked like someone's leftovers from a street corner. I looked everywhere for some redeeming quality. Outside the window was an awning torn into a million pieces... dirty and unrecognizable as an awning at all - I wondered why no one had removed it since the wire frame it once hung on screamed RUN!!!! I saw dirt on the floor and windowsills. The bathroom was scary. I can't imagine it had been cleaned in a long time since there was black mold everywhere. A hairdryer was stuck to the wall with a piece of plywood. Upon entering the bedroom it was noticely visible that the mattress was bumpy and uneven. Like a dark and dreary dungeon, the "Ben Franklin Room" at The Society Hill Hotel has an incredible view of a 3 foot space between buildings that was the dirtiest location in Philadelphia. On the dirty window stuck a grimy file folder label which read in pen "Do Not Open Window!". We opened the closet and on the floor we found a disgusting window air conditioner. We didn't bother turning it on. After my husband found a sign which read "Not responsible for Theft" he made a comment about being shanked in our sleep by a crack head. He was furious, and I felt responsible. Why Travelocity? WHY?!!! 

Back down to the bar to return our keys and refuse to stay. The bartender explains that the restaurant is separate from the hotel, and that we would have to come back tomorrow as no one from the hotel was there. Then why did the bar hand us our keys and then accept them back when we left? And why is it that for two days Travelocity tried repeatedly to contact the hotel with no answer? And why is it that our credit card was charged for the entire 3 days for which we had booked? We could not cancel. We could not reach anyone. We had to find another hotel to stay in at the last minute. Everywhere nearby was booked. We took a $60 cab ride to Laurel, New Jersey and stayed in a Beautiful HYATT 2 bedroom suite with a full kitchen. We were quoted $149 a night, and they reduced it to $99 to make up for the cab ride. 

The Society Hill Hotel is a scam that will be reported to the BBB of Philadelphia. Our credit card will eventually refund us the money, but it will take a few months. PLEASE! Do yourself a favor and do not stay at THE SOCIETY HILL HOTEL. I cannot speak for the food, drink or anything else at the "Bar - Restaurant", but I have some advice for them: Do not take keys, give out keys, share the same name or serve breakfast for the hotel if you are not affiliated. Personally, I do not believe the claim that they are not the same since every aspect was linked to them. I believe it is just how they avoid unhappy customers and rip them off. I feel so bad for the people who show up and do not have the money to go somewhere else. Always check YELP first.
Not impressed. Possibly the worst sangria I have ever had.  

I am also rating the Society Hill Hotel itself. Yes, it is great they have good deals such as 90.00 a night. Though it was slightly funny my boyfriend had to drag my huuuge suitcase up a 4 floor walk up, I felt bad. Let's get into the 21st century people and make an elevator! 

In addition, I was afraid to touch my feet to the shower tile floor because it was so grimy (black grout between tiles), so I had to wear flip flops. The chairs had holes and rips in them. 

I'm not a demanding, 4 star hotel girl, but seriously, the fact that they had a crumbling crack becoming a hole in the wall was not impressive either. The kicker was that the mattress was worn out and two of us sleeping on the bed taco-ed it (aka: folded it slightly inward). 

And ha! Bed and breakfast? When you marked down the card, you did not get what you want since it was all out. Put down OJ? Welcome in grapefruit juice. Yuck! Put down bagel? Welcome blueberry muffins that taste like medicine! 

With the Omni down the street, spend some more bucks for some peace of mind!
Hotel of horrors! This is the first one star review I've ever done for a hotel. I've stayed in plenty of cheap, run down hotels before without complaint. If I'm out of town, I'm usually not spending much time in the room anyway so I've never been very picky. Society Hill goes way beyond being cheap and run down, however. Without exaggeration, I can honestly say that they fail to even provide for a minimal level of comfort and safety. 
 
My room was up four extremely steep flights of stairs. Climbing up stairs isn't an issue for me but transporting luggage up those stairs is. The front desk lady helped me, thankfully, but if she hadn't, I seriously would've been at risk of falling down those stairs while trying to get my suitcase up there. 

As far as I could tell, this staircase was the only way in and out if the hotel which makes me wonder what to do if there's a fire (I didn't see any fire escapes either). Normally, the thought of a statistically  improbable event like a hotel fire wouldn't cross my mind but because of the hotel's run down condition and all of the outlets that were overloaded, it definitely crossed my mind this time. 

The thought of the hotel burning to the ground crossed my mind again that night. My hotel room was freezing cold and didn't have a way to control the temperature. When I complained, I was given a run down, super sketchy looking space heater. I used it since I was freezing, but I certainly didn't feel very relaxed about it. My labmate got a room in the same hotel and although she had heat, she didn't have a functioning shower.

The icing on the cake: when I asked them to give me a receipt showing a zero balance and what I paid each night, they were very difficult and rude about it. This really isn't an uncommon request since many people need this to get reimbursed for business travel! What they eventually gave me is apparently still not sufficient for my university so I called several times today to try to talk to them about it but they couldn't be bothered to answer. If I can't get this straightened out, I guess I'll be paying out of pocket for a really crappy hotel room that I wasn't expecting to pay for at all.
I had mice or rats eat the chocolate out of my backpack while I was sleeping. The next day reception was closed so I couldn't report the incident. Just that there was mice or rats in the building is disgusting! Especially because I was on the 4th floor! This ruined my trip to Philadelphia because all my clothes were ruined by the rats! Will never visit again. I couldn't hear the rats gnawing my chocolate and clothes because there was really loud construction across the street. I was terrified a rat would crawl on me while I slept.
Alright, I know this is the budget option for the neighborhood but please (PLEASE) do yourself a favor and spend the extra $50 to stay elsewhere (several excellent options nearby). Society Hill Hotel is not even on the same par as a hostel (ie, no lobby, staff, breakfast, or seemingly much maintenance). This place should be condemned.
I can't rate this as a hotel.  I would never in a million years consider this any place for overnight accommodations.  If you know what I mean.

But as a bar/slightly divey restaurant, I love it.  Beautiful open sunlit space during the day, dimly lit and cozy space at night.  Have a whiskey at the bar after work, or grab some fries and a beer for lunch.  Food is passable - a little pricey for what it is, but I still find myself drawn to this place.  It's always chill -- no BS or attitude.   This is an oasis of real in the sea of fake that is old city.
This is a centrally located, small and intimate place. Sure it has no hilton lobbys (who needs a Hilton lobby if you are just one of 1000s), sure they don't do everyday housekeeping, but you can ask for fresh towels and toiletries resupply if you wish. It's to keep YOUR cost down. This place has privacy, and good location. For a place as central as this, I paid less than $100, that's a good deal. Or you can go stay at those chain hotels near Philly airport or above 45th street. I don't care if it's small as long as it's clean and comfy. Ok there are no hangers, but we can find a way around door knobs, wall fittings and window handles! S
Great stay, didn't see any issues from previous negative reviews... and i was looking too. Friendly staff, great view and great location. Hotel is 260 years old so don't expect the typical first world amenities. Great on a budget. Corner suite stay was very comfortable. View of American history museum from my bedroom. Would come back again.
Euw.

My door looked like it had been kicked in.

Clean sheets etc, but not very safe.

The owner is sitting pretty on a nice location in the Old City and doing NOTHING with it.

I honestly couldn't take people's money for this sort of service.

When I asked to be moved up to a room that was near my friend because I didn't feel safe and wanted his company, I was told no because it was a more expensive room.  Even though I felt uncomfortable in the room, she made no accommodation to make me feel better or safer.

DON'T DO IT!!! FOR THE SAKE OF THE CHILDREN!!!!
BAR REVIEW:

Yesterday I was super early for an event just down the block. Sat down at the bar, then moved a couple of seats because the draft beer area smelled like it hadn't been cleaned in two months - if you've ever worked in the industry, you know that smell. First drink was wrong, and before I sent it back I noticed that the glassware was filthy. Then there was several small bugs on the bar. Then, as I was 1/4 of the way through my drink I noticed there were several fruit flies in it. I stood up and left. This place is gross.
This was the worst hotel stay I have ever had. For 130$ on a Wednesday night this hotel was absolutely terrible. For starters this is a walk up hotel so do not book this if you're unable to walk up several flights of stairs. The smell in the entire hotel was musty and stale, we had no hot water in our shower or sink, our toilet ran constantly and there was mold on our shower curtain. There was no way to cover the bathroom window, so taking a shower was pretty uncomfortable. The outlets were awful, but the WiFi was worse. We were given no soap for the bathroom or wash clothes, just two towels. Spend the extra money and stay at a hotel worth your time and money because this hotel doesn't deserve a dime.
It's not possible to give zero stars here on yelp, but this place truly deserves zero. I recently stayed at this hotel just for one night as a visitor to Philly. Not only was it the smallest hotel room I've ever seen, but it was the dirtiest. Condoms and dirty underwear from previous guests were found throughout the room, proving that it isn't cleaned properly (or at all) between visits. Mice and rats were seen scampering the hallways and stairwells. Additionally, my microscopic bedroom had no access to a fire escape or any sort of alternate exit in event of an emergency. It is impossible to reach a manager to report any issues, so it is very obvious nothing will be done to remedy the situation, so I am strongly urging you to never stay here, don't even consider it.
My husband and I arrived earlier than expected to Philadelphia, so we headed towards the hotel to see if we could check in early or at least leave our bags. I started calling their office number at 12pm and there was no answer, eventually we reached the hotel around 1pm and still no answer. I had read in previous reviews that sometimes check-in can be done at the bar, but even the bar was closed. So we waited outside in the patio for an hour until they finally answered. She came down and opened the door for us and finally checked us in. That's when she informed me that my credit card had been charged AGAIN for the room, but it had been refunded back. She also handed me a refund receipt but I didn't really pay attention to the amount. The next day I noticed that the amount charged on my credit card for a night's stay  but was only refunded a portion of it. Since Monday I have been trying to call the office for clarification because obviously they charged me processing fees for refunding a charge that was their mistake. I have yet to receive a call back or even get a person to answer the phone. 

This occurrence has clouded our satisfaction of this hotel. We were willing to bypass the old-town feeling of this decrepit hotel. But frankly I don't like it when people charge me for their mistakes.
The owner was very friendly. The location was perfect. The old style of the hotel was very charming. It was nicely decorated. There are aspects that need updating, but the owner said the hotel was getting renovated soon. Looking forward to seeing the improvements.  It was very nice that the owner had coffee and cake snacks on New Year's Day for the hotel guests. 

The bar downstairs has a great vibe and a comfortable atmosphere but the bartenders need to make better cocktails. No one should serve a Manhattan on the rocks shaken over shaved ice. Bad technique. Outside of that they were friendly and fairly attentive.
I never leave yelp reviews, but this place. This place was a poor excuse for a "hotel". 

First off, upon arrival you can not go into the hotel to actually check in. You have to go to the bar and get your keys from the bartender. Who then just goes on to tell you how "haunted" the building is. Why? I have no clue. It doesn't make the place an better or worse.

Secondly, the room was a glorified closet. Barely room for a suitcase. The door was hard to lock and unlock. But when you do finally unlock it, the door hits the bed. YUP it was that small. The air conditioner looked like it was from the late 80s. So obviously is barely worked. The bathroom was so gross. Obvious stains because it's never cleaned. And to top it all off, there was no fire escape! So if something happens, you're screwed.

Thirdly, mice and rats. Yup, MICE AND RATS.

Lastly, this is check out time. So as a normal person I like to sweep the room and make sure I'm not leaving anything behind. Look under the bed, and there it was. Condoms, condom wrappers and dirty underwear. DISGUSTING!!!! Bring to the attention of the maid, who's basically running the place/not cleaning it, she barely cares. HORRIBLE PLACE.

So to finish this rant off. Don't bother with this place. Unless you really just don't care. Wishing I had seen other reviews before booking. 
Still trying to hear back from the owner or hotel manager or whoever actually runs this establishment.
I booked on a whim at the last minute. Should have investigated it but I thought, " It's Society Hill, what could be bad there?" Read reviews later and tried to cancel before arrival. My representative was rudely told in a three way call (by Mary) that, there would be no refund because "She should've looked at the pictures before she booked" So I agreed that I would go and look at the room. If it wasn't clean I would dispute the charges with my credit card.  Good news, it's not as bad as some of the reviews I read (too late). At least the room they gave me wasn't. Run down? Yes. Shabby?  Very. But the sheets were clean, the bed felt firm, not saggy. The bed smelled fresh. The guy who checked me in was pleasant. I decided to stay although it was kind of decrepit. Later when we returned to the room we discovered that the toilet did not flush. Fun times. The owners have a prime location in Society Hill. I can't believe they are wasting it. Pay a few dollars more and stay elsewhere.
My girlfriend and I stayed here one weekend because we were going to the phillies games Saturday and Sunday. We new what we were getting into when we only paid les than 200/night. I charged the room on my credit card. I then get a call from my credit card company the next weekend saying that someone fraudulently stole my card and spend 400 something dollars in Philadelphia. Ironically I have never had any credit problems before I stayed here. The place is shady and run down. I will never stay here again. I am not saying that they stole my credit card number but someone did and I only used it at the hotel. Weird.
There's a lot to say about this hotel. It's hard to assign this place a particular number of stars, because there are lots of pros and cons.

1) Location - excellent, very close to historic attractions, easily accessible.
2) Ambiance - honestly, i loved the charm of this place; I love how old it is and how it has been operating for so long. I love the antique decor (it feels like a lot of the colonial homes that I visited in New England as a kid). The furniture is honestly beautiful, and I kind of treated our stay like an adventure.
3) Amenities - there's a lot that can be improved; and they seem like pretty simple fixes in my opinion that would maintain the integrity and charm of the place. This is really want bothered me most. It seems like management doesn't really care about the little things, and I think some small changes would go a long way. As others have mentioned, the outlets need to be updated (general safety), the bathroom slightly renovated (even just a quick caulk and paint), and the screens/windows replaced. The sheets didn't feel super clean and honestly that's really all I'm looking for in a hotel (a clean, safe place to stay). As for safety, I felt ok - I doubted that any intruder would trek up 4 steep flights to attack us, though it couldn't hurt to replace the locks on the rooms - our lock was very weak. 
4) Price - it was the cheapest location I could find (granted we were there a busy weekend - flower show/st. pat's day). However, we still ended up paying $119 for 1 night. For that price I'd expect just a bit more. Also, for that price, I'd expect at least some level of service. I had to call the bar in order to check it (after ringing to bell and waiting a while). The process was just a bit uncomfortable. Although, the man that checked us in was very nice.
I started to write on Yelp almost 10 years ago. Not many people outside of coastal cities used it. Now Yelp provides a mouthpiece for every whiny and miserable fool out there. The Society Hill Hotel was terrific. Great location, clean, free soda and Diet Dr. Pepper in the mini fridge. If you don't have something nice to say, don't say nothing at all. Don't listen to all these complainers. Unless of course you love to complain. In that case, spend a bunch of extra bread to feel better about yourself because you paid double to be unconscious and dream the night away at a dumb Hilton down the street.
DO NOT STAY HERE!! it has bed bugs!! 

First off - there are freaking bed bugs. it's 5am as I type this because my friend was woken up by one crawling on her. 
The bed was suspect as to if it had been cleaned prior to us staying there, there is a literal mouse hole in the wall (like in cartoons), but worst of all I'm now going to have to spend my vacation trying to get bed bugs out of my luggage and clothes. 
Do not stay here, how it passes inspection and such is beyond me.
Do not book here!!! I booked here because it said it had free cancellation if cancelled before a certain time (24 hours). I made sure to cancel before the refund deadline and got a cancellation notice. I never stayed there. I thought that that was the end of it.

But when I checked my credit card bill they STILL CHARGED ME! I called the hotel and they said call my credit card company, so now I am in this loop calling different people and still have not gotten my night back. 

BEWARE!! DO NOT BOOK here because they will take your money!!
There is pretty much nothing redeemable about this place (aside from location). Rooms are tiny & disgusting (without AC), and the layouts are bizarre (i.e. have to walk through the bathroom to leave master bedroom). Will not be staying here again.
Omg... Nasty and requesting money back from Travelocity. 
Dirty dirty dirty... Old.. Gross ... Stinks. 
Fire alarms disassembled, mildew on shower curtain, stains on floors. Worst hotel I've ever been in.
The hotel was clean, comfy, and def budget friendly. Decor was also nice.  Check-in was as simple as showing my email from Booking and the card. 

I booked a suite for me and bae (301) last night which came to about $91 after taxes. After some drinks in the downstairs venue (see my review for Monkey Bar), we headed up for some R&R (or maybe hot sex...I'll keep you guessing ;) ). There was 2 bedrooms with a full-size and twin bed separated by a bathroom with a simple shower stall, sink, toilet set-up. Both had their own entrance which is ideal if you're splitting it with somebody and are on different schedules. 

Plenty of windows to open if you don't wanna run the air conditioning. The TV, a mid-size LCD, was in the room with the smaller bed but the extension cords and wires were long enough enough to make it work. There is also a mini-fridge and some cool Philly tourist books that are neat even if you aren't an out-of-towner. 

Check-out is noon. On our way out there was a small breakfast set-up which included coffee (ready by 8:30 daily), pastries/cookies, and fresh fruit. I wasn't in the mood, but, my fiancé said the coffee tasted really high-end. He would know since he's def a java addict. They also had some books above the food to borrow, one of which was the actual 'Book of Mormon'. That was a little amusing. 

The only thing I could complain about is in the main bedroom where we entered had no lights. The ceiling fixture didn't turn on and then the lamp had no bulb. 

Otherwise, would return.
I stopped in with a friend to grab a couple of drinks. We wound up getting the mojito's. The limes in the drinks were brown? They did give us another round after we insisted. Not the best by any mean's, I wouldn't go back.
Overall, the hotel is not that bad. Our room  was freshly painted, and cleaned when we arrived. The building is very old and the way how the room is designed is somewhat weird, but why not. However, the heat did not work, shower too tiny (cannot turn within) as well as the bed (twin size). No need to precise that you definitively need ear plus to sleep as the bar downstair is very noisy ! For us, the real issue was the service as our room was never clean during our stay (bed not done, towels not replace, shampoo not refill...) and for 125 dollars a night, this is a shame. Truth to say the location is awesome as close to the main touristic places but this do not justify such price. 80 dollars would have been more honnest.
What a mistake it was booking this place! Small, dirty, mildew-smelling rooms with bizarre layouts and poor AC. Definitely not worth the price. We were itchy just sitting in the rooms. We were able to leave and get our money back, no way we would have been able to spend a night, at least comfortably, in this hotel.
I'm not a picky hotel guest. I hate spending twice or three times more than I need to for a hotel. They pretty much all offer the same things: a clean bed and a hot shower. Give me that, and some free wifi, and I'm happy. 

I was too late to get a reservation for a business meeting at another hotel in Philadelphia. I shopped around for something nearby and unfortunately due to my rush I didn't check yelp but trusted the ratings at the site where I made the reservation. OOPS. NEVER AGAIN.

At this price point it's honestly not a surprise that this place is NO FRILLS. It's less than half the price of the other hotels nearby, and this is Old City Philadelphia. This is an old hotel. There is no lobby. You enter into a side door under a shabby awning. The office is up a narrow and steep flight of stairs. Be prepared to carry your own luggage. The office is basically a closet where one person can run your credit card while you stand or sit out in the hall. 

It's also not a surprise that the hotel rooms are not much bigger than the office. Mine had just enough room for a very squishy double bed, narrow nightstand, TV table. The furniture might have been charming some time ago, but with hard wear now look more like garage sale leftovers headed to the landfill. 

NO FRILLS also means bring your own soap and other amenities - these are not provided. Bring your ear plugs. This is a bustling city center with nightlife, sirens, construction, etc., sometimes into the wee hours. The hotel does not have soundproofing. 

For cheap lodging in the center of a major city, everything I've said so far is fairly typical and expected (although a bar of travel soap would have been nice). There is hot water and free wifi. There was also a refrigerator in the room, and a television (albeit with a cracked screen).  The rooms have private baths.  They provided two clean towels (but nowhere to hang them beyond a doorknob or the shower curtain rod). 

Here's the good: Location location location. This is near so many great places you want to visit in Philly. Museums, great food, history, culture, nightlife - it's all within a short walk and near public transit.  Also good: I arrived an hour or two before checkin, and they asked me to wait a moment while they made up my room. I was pleased that I didn't have to lug my stuff around the city for a couple hours and return later. There would not have been a place to store my luggage there, had I wanted to do so. And the price was affordable, but no bargain for what you get.

This is where it gets sketchy. My room door had a single-cylinder deadbolt lock on it and a useless slide bolt with no "keeper" into which it could slide. A similar key opened a flimsy deadbolt to the hotel door after hours. This might be ok in some settings but as my stay progressed it was clear security was not a priority. Multiple men loitered on the street outside waiting to be let in, and were let in by someone. Maybe they were guests who forgot their keys, but it did not instill confidence. 

There were several loud arguments in the wee hours between a male and a female, who each time took their fight into the hall and eventually stormed out of the building into the street. One of them tried the door to my room during one of these fights. I don't know why they would do this other than they seemed high out of their minds. I was relieved when the lock held, but honestly it would have been easy to kick the door in if they have wanted to do that. I wedged my suitcase between the bed and the door (yes the room was that small). I could hear the phone ring constantly in the office downstairs for an hour or more after these disturbances. It was obvious that no one was there to deal with security. 

Then there was the issue of my "roommate." The first night  I woke up in the middle of the night to scratching noises. I moved, and  the noises stopped. I fell asleep only to re-awaken to more scratching. I realized there was definitely a rodent under my bed. It wasn't in the wall, which honestly, I would understand in an old hotel, especially in the fall. It was directly under where I lay my head. 

I checked under the bed the next morning and found... a ziploc bag of pretzels someone left behind that the cleaning crew missed. It had been nibbled through, and pretzels strewn around under the bed. I fished it all out with a hanger. I can't say how long it might have been there.  In the closet there was a hole in the back, where the wall met the floor. I stuffed a plastic bag in it. 

In retrospect I should have complained and I should have left that first night. I just hope I can spare you, dear reader, from a fate like mine. 

When I checked out, they didn't ask me how my stay was. That's probably the saddest part. They've given up. They could have a business worthy of this historic location if they would just hire a cleaner with some work ethic, and get some caulk for the rat holes.
I really loved this hotel. It is not a typically hotel with all the boring what you expect. It charming and old. If you are a fan of Jim Thorpe you will love this place. Our room was a sitting room, bathroom, and bedroom. It was really nice and the staff was really friendly and helpful. I definitely recommend it.
An absolute dump. The furniture and bed are old and decrepit, the window AC in my room was ancient, loud, and sounded in need of an exorcism. No elevator, no coffee, not even a trash can in the "Junior Suite" that consisted of two very small rooms and a tiny bathroom with very little in the way of water pressure. No soap was provided, just a dozen tiny shampoo containers. No one was there to greet me when I arrived, I had to call a number scrawled on a piece of paper on the office door that put me in touch with the bartender downstairs. The person in charge was not in their office when I went to cancel my stay the next morning and was very rude to me on the phone and hung up on me when I tried to get my money refunded for the two days left on my reservation. I had to call Booking. Com to get my 
reservation canceled and my money returned. There are plenty of alternatives to choose from in the neighborhood.
