AFTERNOON TEA REVIEW
Afternoon tea at Sofitel has evolved through the years and it seems to only get better and better. Dear friend and I met to catch-up and have an us-day. We were greeted warmly and  frankly they know me now because I seem to end up at Sofitel bar and separate restaurant for holidays and family milestones. This visit was just a catch-up but special none the less. 

Our chivalrous tea steward brought the special box of tea with twelve caffeinated and non-caffeinated options. I went for the toffee flavored black tea and dear friend chose an herbal infusion (that's tea-speak for herbal/non-tea "tea"). This "cream tea" (tea with food served mid-afternoon) also has an optional champagne offering, I chose it but dear friend abstained. 

The multi tiered classic tea tower  appeared with sweets, savories and two scones (all seasonal so desserts, sandwiches and scone flavors change throughout the year). All were as expected - delicious as is everything at Sofitel Philadelphia !

Service and new setting: service was  divine as was the new setting. Sofitel  now uses their the restaurant (Chez Collette) to host afternoon tea instead of the bar area. I enjoy both venues but the new one was a delightful surprise even though it limited the people watching...
Sofitel's suites are well-lit and decently appointed. The living room is a modest size, with couch seating and a 37-inch[1] flatscreen, with room for friends to carry on, or a couple to relax. And relax you will; the bedroom's bed is dreamy soft.

The bathroom has marble surfaces, with a glass-enclosed shower (no curtains for the modest), and is accessible from both the living room and bedroom. My only gripe is that the doors leading into the bath aren't equipped with locks, which could be problematic depending on the situation, though that provides ample opportunities for naughty mischief.[2]

This hotel is near many shopping and dining destinations, so if you can pony up the dinero for a room, you'll be enjoying the suite life. (Sorry, couldn't resist.)

[1] According to their web site. It's not like I carry a tape measure on me.
[2] Not that I'd know.
I always thought of the Sofitel as a high end hotel chain, so I was surprised that the room I booked at this location was well within my company's travel budget. The check in process was quick and easy, and I was able to go into my room a bit earlier than the usual check in time. 

As for the room, I was surprised at how spacious it was, especially the bathroom. Though the whole room felt a bit older to me, it was still very clean and well-maintained. I think you can usually tell these things by the bathrooms the most, and the fixtures and details definitely felt out of the late 90s, but honestly I didn't care because it was all spotless. 

The bed is very comfy and I didn't hear much hallway or street noise at all when I slept. I enjoyed a perfectly nice (though expectedly overpriced) omelet from room service for breakfast the next morning as I worked from my room, and even relaxed a bit in my little sitting area with its very Euro swiveling white leather chairs. 

It's not necessarily groundbreaking in terms of design or amenities, but as far as straight-ahead hotels go, this one definitely did the job and at a reasonable rate. I'd absolutely come back to this spot the next time I'm in town!
The General Manager contacted me via Yelp in an effort to "fix" things. 

He offered me a weekend at the hotel. Tell me why on Earth I'd be interested in spending another weekend at this hotel when $3,800 was stolen from my room on the night of my wedding?! In addition, I live mere blocks from the Sofitel Philadelphia, I think I'll stay in my own house and keep my money. Thank you! 

After I declined his offer, he proceeded to tell me I could speak with his lawyers or my insurance claim representative for all additional matters. 

The insurance company notified me that the hotel did an investigation of my case. The Sofitel told the insurance company that only my bridesmaid had used the key to my room that evening- which is in fact a total lie. I know for a FACT that AT LEAST two hotel employees entered my room that evening. FACT. So in addition to an employee stealing from me, the Sofitel is now falsifying records to deny my insurance claim. 

Classy, Sofitel.
Crybabies all of you seriously. Didn't your parents tell you how to complain properly? if you don't like down pillows or the featherbed you call down to the front desk. if you think the AC isn't working call down. If you booked through a third party ( price line or hot-wire) and the front desk isn't helping call the third party and have them complain for you. 

I've had nothing, but top notch all three or five times I have stayed here. Once I called down to let them know the ice machine on my floor was broken, they brought me a bucket of ice. Make sure to call down for a toothbrush it comes in a super cute cotton pouch. 

I personally do not own feather pillows, but I generally sleep quite well on them. The feather bed topper makes this bed one of the best in philadelphia. The linens and towels are top notch. I love the milled soap too in the bathroom. The TV is at a lovely height and distance from the bed, Le Meriden and Palomar miss the mark here sometimes. The wifi is 12 or 15, but that is the same at any hotel. If you are really desperate join kimpton rewards and go sit in the lobby of palomar and surf for free, shhh I didn't tell you that. 

I love the room service here. I generally order the children's grilled chicken breast, it's a great portion of chicken, mashed potatoes or fries and a vegetable and it's fairly reasonable. They put an orchid on the tray which is a nice touch.

Avoid Chez Collette for breakfast it is very overpriced and not very remarkable. I would order room service or go across the street to square 1862 or le pain quotidien. 

They also will hold your bags which is really lovely. The elevators can be annoying, but I like the added security of having to key into the elevator. Don't bother taking the key to the mini-bar either, just go get some beverages and snacks at di bruno brothers or rite aid. 

The lightning is a bit overdone, but is great if you want to read in bed and not disturb your partner. The artwork needs to be pitched out the window, imagine deranged kindergartners channeling kandinsky. 

Overall it's in my top three hotels in Philadelphia.
Is it me or is there little that sounds better than "you've been upgraded" upon check-in?  It doesn't matter how small the upgrade is either. In my head, all I hear is Puff Daddy & Mase. 

And let's not forget that first stroll around the room upgrade. I'm opening doors and closets up in that B like it's Easter Sunday.

Although I've stayed at this Sofitel a few other times, this last visit made a lasting impression. Don't get me wrong though. All of my visits have been nice and uneventful, but they have also been very short and I typically end up booking through Priceline after being motivated by a deal. 

This time however, I had the chance to enjoy a glass of wine while typing my heart out in the lobby bar as well and Diddy bop all over my super impressive suite. So many doors, so much space and the most lovely sleep that I've had in weeks!

After this last visit, I think they may have turned me into a believer and will proactively look to them as a top option while staying in Philly! Definitely a safe, clean and chic hotel to stay in a prime location.
You know what I realized sitting here in the Philly Int'l Airport today? No one writes letters anymore. It's becoming a lost art, so today is the day I will make my move to change that!

Dear Sofitel Bed,

It's been pretty amazing getting to know you this week. Your plush king-sized comforter, your 4 super squishy, large and delectable pillows, your thick and floating happy on cloud soft pad underneath your bottom sheet and your headboard that framed your entire self so well. I really couldn't have slept without ya, so thank you for everything. I'll call ya and maybe we'll do it again sometime ;) huh huh, I said do it.

Sincerely,
Stephy "12 year-old sense of humor" S.


Dear Room Service Menu,

Are you serious? Dang, spenny is an understatement. And while I know that room service is always a rip off, $16 for a latte and a somewhat stale bagel with cream cheese seems a bit extreme, don't you think? Yes, I think you do. 

Take care,
Stephy "Puhh to the mo fo lease" S.

Dear Sofitel Bathroom,

You are pretty cool and super spacious and I LOVED the fact that you actually had counter space for me to sprawl all of my crap on. Far too often other hotel banos simply don't have enough space for girlie needs like makeup, perfume and other things that make us rock, so I truly appreciate your attention to details.

Much love,
Stephy "I feel purdy!" S.

Eh, letters are far too exhausting. I'll just stick to reviews, hehe, see ya!
I wrote my review prior to checking our belongings. It's a sad, sad state of affairs when a hotel bills itself as HIGH END to have their employees steal from their guests. 

For the past few months following our wedding I've been in close contact with the Sofitel regarding money that was STOLEN from my bridal suite. We're not talking about a small amount of money either, we're talking about THOUSANDS of dollars in cash and gift cards that our guests gave us as gifts. We followed the appropriate procedure of filing a police report. 

I requested that the Sofitel place an insurance claim on my behalf, as I was told by friends in the Insurance business, that this is customary. Michael Davis was less than helpful. I had to track him down by calling the Sofitel numerous times a day for weeks at a time. I finally had my wedding coordinator get a hold of him for me, when he finally submitted my claim, the insurance company informed me that they also could not get a hold of him. 

While we knew EXACTLY when we had been robbed, and told Michael Davis of this, he still did nothing to remedy the situation. I'm under the assumption that this person is still an employee of the Sofitel, as Michael has never mentioned an internal investigation into the theft or any actions being taken to prevent this from occurring in the future. 

WARNING - you will most likely be robbed if you have your wedding here. So, ask guests to mail your gifts directly to your home to avoid the EMBARRASSMENT of having to notify your guests that you had been ROBBED on your wedding night.

UPDATE - in addition to the above the Sofitel also falsified records that they sent to the Insurance company in order to deny my claim.
The only negative about this hotel are the thin walls which echo all of the sounds from the hallways. Besides that, everything else about this hotel was exceptional!

It's located right in the heart of the city center within walking distance of shopping and Rittenhouse Square. Valet is a pricey $45/night, but there are several garages surrounding the area that you can utilize (we ended up parking in valet because we only stayed for 1 night). The beds are plush, the rooms are spacious, and the bathroom is huge. I liked how they separated the shower and the bathtub and that they're stocked with Lanvin toiletries.

Our experience with the valet and front desk was pleasant. Everybody was very friendly towards us. We enjoyed our one night trip to Philly and would consider staying at this hotel again the next time that we come up to visit.
I don't normally write reviews, but this hotel has been so difficult to deal with that I had to. I was there on business/entertaining clients and booked three rooms. Upon check in at 3pm I was told that two of the suites were not ready yet. My clients, their wives and I all crammed into the third normal room that was ready and waited, and waited, and waited. At 6pm one of the suites became available, so we moved there. The second suite was unavailable and right across the hall. During the hour we waited for that one to open up, I kept looking at it to see if housekeeping was in there. They were not. Finally, I called housekeeping and they acted surprised that we were waiting on it. They cleaned it up and we finally got it after 7pm. 
Next morning, my big client and wife woke up covered in bug bites. We called the manager and told them about it and they asked us to leave the room while they had it tested for bed bugs. Since our flights left in the evening, I had paid extra in advance to have a late checkout. So, around 2pm, we were finally allowed back into the suite. When we walked in, we found that the bed was completely ripped apart and we had to call house keeping again to fix it. By the time that was done, there was not much time to use the room. 
Upon checkout, I told them about all the issues and asked for a discount based on the fact that we didn't get to use the room that much. They offered me 50% off one room. Seemed low, since I paid full price for the other two, but I didn't feel like arguing. 
Fast forward to when it was time to pay my credit card and I not only see that they didn't give me half off of the problem room, but they charged me double. I called to complain and I had to tell this whole story three times to three different people, the last of which was Marie, the guest services manager. She told me that the half off refund was credited to my client's card (which he gave them for incidentals) and didn't know why I was charged double. She told me not to worry. She would fix it all and email me later that night. So, three days later, no credit card refund, no email. So I go onto the Sofitel website and fill out the form to be contacted and told my story again. No phone call, no email. Finally, I log into my credit card and see that they refunded me the overcharge. So as it stands now, I paid full price for all the rooms and didn't get the half off of the suite that was promised (still too small of a concession based on all this trouble). They also removed the credit from my client's card. I don't know what is going on at that property, but they are very confused. So many good options in Philly, no need to risk it by staying here.
From the first "Bonsoir" I knew. I was going to like this place. 

And, this time, I was right. Every last aspect of my visit, from the greeting to the toothbrush for forgetful men to the impeccable room to the location - all perfect. 

My bed, as is shown in the attached photo, was a den of pillowy loveliness. Feather top on the mattress, billowy comforter over me, pillows galore, all feathery and perfect. Soft jazz from the turn down would greet me on my three evening returns from the flesh-pressing at the conference. So tiring, the flesh pressing. 

The lobby bar was filled with happy pretty people and were not Jesus in the corner waggling his finger at me saying, bonsoir my son there are four more weeks in Lent, I'd have bellied up and made me some new friends. Not that you have to be drinking to make new friends. But if you are they're so much more fun. 

The hotel is set in a narrow streeted part of Philly, a sign on the lamppost says French Quarter. People are out at night strolling, the fellows that ask for the change do so politely. 

When I return, and I will, there's no place else I'll stay. 

Cinq Étoile Brillante.
Absolutely lovely hotel ! I stopped here to have a quick cocktail and loved the inviting aroma in the lobby, coupled with the beautiful decor. Next time I'm in Philly, this will be the hotel to spend the night.
Stayed here for three nights this past week for work. Overall it was a great experience. Didn't get a free drink card that Ken H. mentioned though.

Checking in was fast and easy... all the staff were friendly -- all offered a greeting whenever I pasted them in the lobby/hallways.

What I liked:
- Great, central location
- Very stylish rooms, super-soft, feather-bed-topped mattresses
- Large 42"(?) LCDs
- Spacious bathroom with a separate shower and tub (didn't get to enjoy it this past trip... maybe next time).
- Bathrobes provided.
- Nightly turn-down service with a mini evian water on your nightstand.
- Alarm clock that can attach to my iPod.

What I didn't like:
- $30 Valet is only parking option provided by the hotel. The parking is also off-site I believe, so it takes a good 15-20 minutes for your car to be brought to you.
- Non-HD/digital tv service on a LCD = lousy television viewing
- Though they did provide both green and red apples in the fitness room... neither of the water fountains in the fitness room worked. No fountain, no bottled water = dehydrated, shortened work-outs.

Even with the negatives... I'd definitely be back.
Amazing suites.  Amazing Bed.  Perfect gym.  Perfect service.  

I think this is my favorite hotel I have stayed in to date.
The Sofitel is my destination hotel every time that I visit Philadelphia. 

My number one reason for selecting this hotel is the location! The Sofitel is just steps from Rittenhouse park, prime shopping, and many of my favorite restaurants and bars. There is another hotel across the street, which I have stayed at on a couple occasions when the Sofitel was booked, but I find the Sofitel's comforts far superior. The rooms are large and finely appointed with very comfortable beds. The hotel is perhaps in need of some updates, but really more as a "freshening up" than an entire overhaul. The hotel has one of my favorite hotel bars, and I always seem to me some interesting characters there. On my most recent stay, I found the WiFi situation totally whack! You need to download an app to access the WiFi, but there are inadequate instructions on the process and I eventually gave up. 

Overall, the Sofitel is a comfortable, upscale hotel with one of the best locations west of Broad Street.
Note:  I have never stayed here - this review is based on the great job Sofitel did catering our Corporate Holiday party in 2006.

Gorgeous ballrooms, great services, fantastic food.  (We had stations - multiple stattions - with delicious food.)

Even getting a cab home was organized and well executed.  GREAT JOB SOFITEL.

Review of bar food by Chez Colette at Sofitel:

Let me make it clear that I am reviweing the restaurant in the BAR AREA at the Sofitel - but it is the same menu and same kitchen as Chez Colette.

Service here has always been great for us - we come for lunch and I usually get the Salmon over butternut squash risotto - which is a rich, delicious meal.

My friend usually will get a burger that is served with an enormous cone of thinly cut greasy fries.  (Yes - they are a little BKish.)

The food was really good - and I had freshly squeezed OJ.

Eat in the bar - for the comfy couches and big tables and people watching.  The main restaurant (which I have never sat in) is usually dead empty.
The first room they gave me was super nice, on the 14th floor. I walked in to the room that smelt musty and I immediately became congested and dizzy. I turned on the lights and the A/C (it was 72 degrees in the room) and noticed a black spot next to the leaking A/C unit. I am very allergic to mold, so I asked for a new room.

My next room was on the 4th floor, the room was not as nice but mold free as far as I could tell. I ordered room service - Chicken Caesar salad and Buffalo Chicken Wings. Caesar was good, chicken wings were cold and tasted old. As I finished my meal, I turned to the night table to charge my phone and I found a baby roach on the table!!!!!! I trapped the roach under a glass and called the manager - Jessica was very nice and apologized. I told her I was disappointed with the hotel, and that was the end of it.

I moved my phone to the other night table and found a nail and some pieces of the table next to the alarm clock. For about $600 for two nights, I expect more than this! I took pictures off all of the items I listed above and showed my husband. He asked if I stayed at Motel 6.
My fiance and I took a trip to Philadelphia between July 29th until Aug 1st.  Stayed at Sofitel for 3 nights, and had the time of our lives!

Knowing that parking is an issue, we have done our research and was able to park at a more affordable self-park lot for $28 per night (with parking coupon which you can print online), compared to the $40 per night valet parking it really was a big help.  The self-park was only half a block from Sofitel so it was really easy!

We got a great deal on Expedia for this hotel, otherwise we would be paying close to $250 a night... we had a deal where we stay 2 nights and the 3rd night is free.  sweet deal.

The location of this hotel is just excellent.  There are lots of shops, restaurants and bars within close walking distance.  Granted the entire city of Philadelphia to me is walking distance, it is very convenient that the Liberty Place Mall and Rite Aid is right around the corner.  We can walk to the Mutter Museum (4 blocks), Liberty Bell (12 blocks), South Street (12+ blocks) and more.

We ended up with a room with a King bed on the top (14th) floor, with some city skyline in between nearby buildings, and lots of sunlight.  The room was clean and comfortable.  Love that they have both a bath tub and a shower.  The bathroom was spacious and bright, just what I love!  We have access to the mini-fridge, which the girl at the front desk kindly told me that if we need fridge space they can have someone remove everything inside so we can use the fridge!  Also love their 6pm turn-down service... nothing is nicer than coming back to the hotel room after a fun filled day in the sun, sightseeing and the room is dimly lit, curtains closed and light jazz is playing on the alarm-radio.  Definitely a nice touch!

The hotel bar is also amazing.  Reasonably priced beers and appetizers - I was really surprised at that!  

Over all, the hotel service was impecable, staff is extremely polite and friendly.  I have already recommended this to all of my friends and will absolutely stay here again on my next trip back to Philadelphia!
Very nice hotel smack dab in the center of downtown Philadelphia.  

Check in was prompt and our room came with 2 complimentary bottles of water which was nice (Frugal tip: If you need more water I filled mine at the gym on the 4th floor).  

Something unique (to me) in our room was the separate shower/tub in the bathroom which is a nice touch if you like to take baths!  Wish there was a vent for the moisture though.  

The gym is decent but nothing special.  The main lobby however is beautiful and very classy.  They also have their AC absolutely CRANKING (this was July) so be warned if you tend to get cold easily.

A highlight for us was the breakfast buffet they offer (Weekends only!!).
All the food offerings were fantastic!  We loved the french toast and smoked salmon that was on offer!  They have a little something for everyone (including fancy looking coffee presses that you press yourself at your table!).

Also another gem is if you elect to NOT have house keeping done (there's a placard you can hang on your doorknob) then you can get a $10 credit per night (minimum of a 3 night stay).  We stayed for 3 nights and were given a $20 credit (so there may be a cap?) but it helped take the edge off of the $24 per person breakfast buffet (which is worth it in my opinion regardless of the credit). 

We stayed in July which is relatively quiet around that time in regards to city events so rooms were going for under $200 for us (which is reasonable given the accommodations).
I am starting to really enjoy the Sofitel brand. My first experience here was just okay but the last few times I left pleased with my booking. 

I booked when the rate was very reasonable but compared to similar hotels (Warwick, Westin, Loews, Sonesta, etc..) in the area, I would stay at the Sofitel at a higher rate. 

The rooms are nice, not modern but tasteful and classic without being dated. The gym, lobby, and bar are all good spots and nothing to complain about. 

The staff at Sofitel is what sets it apart. From the bellmen to the lobby staff and room & maid service, 
everything was quality. 

I cannot give 5 stars because I really did not enjoy the food. I tried their restaurant a few times and it was never really that great; not what I'd expect from a hotel of this quality.
Sofitel is one of those places that uses covid as an excuse for extremely poor service. We were supposed to stay the 30th and 31st but decided that one night was enough. They have valet but do not assist with luggage, they will do room service or to go boxes, they will not clean your room during your stay but will drop stuff you need at the door. Let me first say that the gentleman working the front desk was extremely nice and did his absolute best to try and help but there is only so much you can do as one person. We asked for a crib and he said they would send a pack and play which we found to be odd but carried on. I went down to exchange money so that I could tip and he immediately asked if we got it, nope. I called him about 15 minutes later, still no. He calls me about 20 minutes after and still no. He apologizes as they told him they were on the way when we first got there. We go to the door and find the outside of a pack and play with no base laying on the ground. They could not do a million things for safety but had no problem throwing this on the ground. Nothing was included with it. If you have a kid you know it needs a base but there was not one. I called down and explained. Again, extremely nice guy tries to help. 5th round and second crib delivered... once again dropped at door. This time it was the whole thing but when we opened it up it was filled with throw up. I went downstairs where I asked that he please just change our reservations to one night. I tipped him $10 and my one regret other than the hotel is that I should have told him he belongs in a much nicer hotel. Please note that we have stayed at many places during the pandemic and have seen lots of great things to keep staff and clients safe. This place used it as an excuse. I don't feel "safe" receiving a pack and play filled with throw up.
RIP-OFF ALERT:

When I showed up, they refused to honor my confirmed reservation. Instead, they downgraded my room and charged me the same price. 

They claimed they ran out of rooms, even though I got there only a few hours after check-in. After I complained, the manager said that they would give me complimentary breakfast and charge me twenty dollars less per night.

At checkout, they refused to charge me the lower rate and insisted I pay the full price for the downgraded room. They also argued with me and tried to get me to pay for the complimentary breakfast that the manager had promised me.

I have stayed at this hotel before, and at other Sofitel hotels all over the world and never had any problems. The people here were not only awful and rude, but they were trying to do a bad job on purpose.

Note to manager: Do not try to respond to this review and try to make up for this. You were the one who did this. Did you really think that I wouldn't write about this experience afterwards?
Some relatives of mine just stayed here while visiting me, and found the hotel quite comfortable.  Despite, mind you, the constant lobby noise and clutter created by various organized groups parading in and out.  There are equivalent hotels in the same price range, just blocks away, but if you are a fan of the Sofitel chain, this particular hotel won't disappoint.

Ps - update 4/18: kudos to the excellent concierge, William, for going above and beyond the call of duty.  Merci beaucoup, monsieur!
Over the weekend, I stayed here again at an amazing rate for a girlfriend's night away. It was marvelous! Our room had a great view, the beds were super comfy, and the entire staff was professional and courteous. The entire hotel was booked but you couldn't tell because there were no elevator waits, no mass confusion, lines at checkin or checkout, etc. 

One of my girlfriends got bumped into a suite and we all pre-gamed there. The hotel is beautiful and so convenient to great shopping, restaurants, and nightlife. I will definitely be back...again.
This is a gorgeous boutique hotel! Have stayed here 2x for work and it is right in the middle of town. There is great shopping and good restaurants all within walking distance. It is a cab ride away to the tourist part/Old Town. 

Super comfy beds with the down mattress pad, down comforter etc...they give you a bathrobe. The bathrooms are HUGE and marble and the product they give you is a great smelling french brand.

I stay here for work, but would actually fork out the cash to stay here myself too! Rooms have romantic feel to them. =)
My friend invited me for tea at the Chez Colette which is the general restaurant at The Sofitel. If Yelp had a section for this restaurant I would place my review there, but alas...Sofitel is the place for which my review belongs.
I think what was glaring to both of us was the lack of attention to detail at this place. My friend had to wait for her table after receiving three messages by phone about her reservation for confirmation. People were not available to seat her and she waited while the hostess and manager discussed in front of her, for minutes,  which table was available for her. (It's not the *worst* thing, it's just not to be expected at an "upscale" establishment)
Our table was scratched up and was stained with glass rings. There was a sugar spill next to our table on the carpet and it remained and I immediately noticed it when I was escorted to the table. There were sugar wrappers next to another table that were never discarded. Again, when dining at what is supposed to be a fine establishment, one wishes for a sweet ambiance and attention to detail.
Our server was kind and did all of the right things.
Our trays of food were decent, but the atmosphere took away from what would be an elegant experience.
It was a little baffling. Sofitel is the type of hotel in which you would expect high end decor and service. It was lack-luster and not worth going back.
Let me say upfront that I have never stayed in this hotel, so I can't say anything about their rooms and service staff. Maybe they are great, I will never know.

Last year I had booked a junior suite for our anniversary, but then something happened at my husband's office 2 days before our planned trip, and he would not be able to be absent from his office during that period. I was then asking the hotel if we could please move that booking to a few days later, as we were not able to come on that planned date. No reply at all! Nothing!! 

I had written emails to the customer service and had asked for advice, as this situation came very unexpected, and I didn't know what to do and what my options were. They never replied, not one sentence I got from them, just nothing, no reaction at all. But of course they kept the money! 

$240 it was what I had prepaid, and they pocketed that and kept silent, probably re-sold the same suite to the next guest and collected the price for a second time. Maybe the next guest paid even more than I did.

We were reimbursed generously by my husband's employer, so we did get our money back - but not from Sofitel! They still have our money!

I would not have written this chapter, but this morning I have received an email with some discount offer from them. WHAT?!? 

Are you serious, Sofitel? Do you REALLY believe that I would EVER consider you again? Ever? For real? You gotta be either very cynical, or plain stupid.

You have collected $240 from us for a suite we never were able getting into, you have never replied to any of my emails when I had asked for advice in that terrible situation - and now you really assume I would consider you for another booking? 

Our anniversary was already ruined enough by that incident in the company my husband works for, and you actually made it worse by taking our money on top of that ruined anniversary. Your customer service didn't even try to resolve this, you just kept the money and stayed silent.

And now, 9 months after, you think I have forgotten about that and you can lure me again into another booking? Absolutely never again! 

Not in Philadelphia nor in any other town anywhere else will I EVER book anything in any Sofitel again. So you can keep your emails, seriously. No discount can be big enough for what you did to us. 

Don't bother sending more offers, we are now Kimpton regulars. 

Oh, and did I mention we are travelling quite a bit? Usually twice a month, sometimes even three times a month. Too bad you lost us over an amount that seems small, but it agggrevated me a lot. And your new email this morning has reactivated my anger, as you can probably tell from this steaming review.
My boyfriend and I stayed here for a wedding a couple of weeks ago, and overall the hotel was nice, but my boyfriend and I were required to place a $500 hold on our card for "incidentals." I can totally understand a $100 or $200 hold, but the price of the stay for the weekend wasn't even that much. Just seems totally unnecessary. They also didn't charge my card until we left, which was also weird, versus when I booked online or when I checked in. 

Overall, if you're going to stay here, make sure you go through your credit card statement with a fine tooth comb, because it really seems like they're just waiting for you to miss something.
real niceeeeeee
bed were cloudlicious
room service excellent
wake up call excellent
not so good bell person/door person service
hotel bar was great
great location in downtown area
lost keys there and called and the mgmt had everyone search for them and they called me back and found the keys=they mailed them to me too!
Was introduced to this brand last summer during a commercial shoot, I was set up in a very nice room  and I couldn't have been more impressed. The room was large and spacious, the amenities top notch and they think of it all from the disposable slippers (quite convenient) to the chocolate all was great. 

The best is the location, this hotel is located in the perfect neighborhood near shops and restaurants and I felt very comfortable exploring around. It was actually faster to walk than to take a taxi in the afternoons. I only visited the restaurant early morning and only enjoyed a croissant and a coke on my way out but the croissant was delicious. The true gem of this hotel is the staff, the concierge assisted me with making a last minute reservation at a steakhouse not too far (same place they shot a Scene for the sixth sense) and the following day offered additional dining recommendations for lonely party of one. Lol. 

I would have no hesitations in ever staying here again.
My husband and I stayed at the Sofitel for one night over July 4th weekend. When we arrived at the hotel we were welcomed by the cool breeze of the air conditioning. The hotel lobby was fresh and I liked the modern fresh floral arrangement and the paintings of koi fish in the lobby. 

I was advised early check in might be possible on a first come, first serve basis. Although it was only noon they were able to accommodate us. However when I asked a question during the check in process, the staff member cut me off  and said they would get to the answer. It was like they were on auto pilot  and couldn't break from the scripted welcome spiel to answer my question out of order.

We immediately went up to the room to drop off our bags before enjoying the city. When we got to our assigned room, the key card did not work. We went back down and the staff member apologized and said they had wrote the wrong number on the key envelope. We were surprised this 4 star hotel made this kind of mistake. This had never happened to me before and was a bit a annoying to schlep back down with our luggage.

Once inside the room we were quite impressed how big the bedroom and the bathroom (with a tub!) was. It also had nice  amenities such as bottled water, k-cups, cotton swabs, great smelling body wash and shampoo. The bed and linens were incredibly comfortable although there was no top sheet. The hotel also has 24 hour complimentary coffee in the lobby and free wifi.

I was disappointed at the  view from the room, although I understand not every room can have a great view. The decor and carpet was on the older side and looked a bit run down (but it was very clean). Another outdated example is the rooms didn't have usb ports but multi outlets. 

The walls were thin and you can hear everyone as they walk down the hall. The hotel was also slow to pick up room service trays. We observed one tray by our room at noon when we arrived, and then it was still sitting there later when we came back to freshen up for dinner. Another issue with the room is you could not fully close the curtains so at sunrise an annoying sliver of sun shined in the room.

This hotel is located in a great location. You can easily walk many places or take a cheap uber ride if you don't want to walk. 

We enjoyed the breakfast buffet at the hotel restaurant the next morning. They also offer a la carte options if a buffet is not your thing. It was $23 and it had your standard breakfast offerings including sausage, bacon, potatoes, a variety of breads (bagels, plain and chocolate croissants, sweet pretzels, and artisan loafs) scrambled eggs and French toast. They also had additional items such as home made granola, yogurt, fresh fruit, lox, baked tomatoes, cheeses (brie, havarti, gouda, pepperjack, cheddar)  and  a charcuteri platter.

The French influence was visible during the meal with each table receiving French press coffee instead of your typical pot of Joe. There was also French artwork, and some food items (cheese plate and charcuteri). We were disappointed at the waitstaff, as it took a long time to receive our beverages. When we were finally served coffee it came  with out cream. In addition, the French pressed coffee sat too long and was sludgy.  Our water glasses were never refilled. We also observed a waitstaff pouring in the open from a big plastic jug into a glass pitcher their "fresh squeezed orange juice". 

All in all we enjoyed our hotel stay but have stayed at better places. The service (not just the restaurant) could have been better. First impressions are important and getting the wrong key at check in and seeing dirty dishes in the hall left me with a less than positive opinion. It certainly wasn't the worst best place I've stayed but it wasn't the best either. With so many options in Philadelphia I would be interested in trying out someplace else before returning.
A nice clean building who offered a suite since I was only staying one night. The suite was SO awesome. That was the fluffiest bed I've ever been in. I'm glad all the reviews mentioned it, it's the #1 thing I loved about the room.
I loved my stay, didn't get a chance to eat at their restaurant or use the fitness room though. 

Pros: Customer Service was great. Perfect location for walking to restaurants and shops. Check out at 12:00, can extend to 1:00. Shower and separate bathtub. Bathtub is comfy and long(I'm tall so it was great) 

Cons: Walls are thin or the housekeeper is nosey. Idk but hotel staff came knocking on my door not even 2 minutes after I put Mystikal on . 
Not a good location if you plan on driving in and out. Once we parked, I didn't move it until check-out. Lots of congestion and took valet too long to bring my car around. 

Would try Sofitel's out in other locations.
Not up to my expectations, at least this trip.  Checked in on a Tuesday for an event in the city, only to find 2 beer bottle caps on the floor in the room.  The wallpaper was dingy and discolored.   The usual high end soaps and shampoos were not present.  Disappointing for a property of this caliber.
The fact that they are so upscale AND dog-friendly is wonderful. The design of the rooms are so unique and much different than anything else you see in Philly. I would trade my apartment to live in their gorgeous, massive bathrooms any day. Plus I love being greeted by "Bonjour." I love me some French accents.
I only stayed one night here because I wanted to try another hotel the night before, which I did but my stay here was pretty damn good.
I wasn't really in the room very much, but the time I was there, I enjoyed the bed, the bathroom and the room itself.

The staff was very nice and polite. I enjoyed the look of the lobby.
I will say that the elevator was extremely, extremely small!

My room was on the fifth floor and it was very, very noisy on that Saturday night. I will say I was there on St. Patrick's Day weekend. I don't think it really got quiet until after 3 AM.

It is in a very good location because it is within walking distance of a lot of things down there, especially around Rittenhouse Square.

It may be a little bit higher priced than a few other hotels in the area, but I think it was worth it. It would be a good place for a romantic getaway. 

Check-in was a breeze.
I would definitely go back to this place.
The Sofitel is one of my favorite hotels in Philadelphia. I always recommend it to friends and family coming to Philadelphia from out of town. Great rooms, modern finishings, good service, excellent location.
My parents got a good deal on this hotel (including air fare) for their trip to Philadelphia. As first time Sofitel customers, this was definitely worth the stay. Rooms are rather spacious and very well lit. I mean, there were lights everywhere! Beds were so comfy...you practically fall into the bed because they were so soft. The bathroom was really nice and roomy, with French doors, a separate tub and shower! My dad's complaint was that they received more body lotion than they did shampoo and conditioner every day, which I thought was very random. Service was excellent, though, as each day my parents requested more shampoo they got it wthin seconds. It was like as though they were waiting for the call? Ha! 

The elevator situation was a little irritating. For security reasons (and I am all about knowing that such care to ensure all hotel goers are protected), room key cards are needed for the elevator to get to each floor. During the stay here, my parents had to get their cards re-activated at least once a day, if not more. It was kind of a pain, but after over-hearing other customers complain, it was a relief knowing we weren't the only ones. I'd definitely come back again, or at least look in the Sofitel if I were to come back to Philadelphia....that is, if I got a good price deal.
King-sized beds with quality linen, L'Occitane bath products, a separate tub and shower? Those are things that I like to see when I stay with a luxury hotel chain. The mattresses are topped with feather beds which adds an extra layer of warmth and comfort when you're sprawling out. With their ample pillows tucked all around, I might as well have been sleeping on a cloud. 

The hotel is located on prime Rittenhouse real estate which means that tourists are close to all of the Center City action - the park, concerts and theater on Broad St, clubs in Washington Square, fine dining on Walnut and Chestnut Sts, the art museums, and shopping of all kinds. This weekend, it seemed to be very popular among brides and their guests as I saw at least two wedding parties coming and going. 

The hotel is well-appointed with a warm, inviting lobby and lounge with full bar (with DJ on Friday night) just inside the doors. They do feature a cafe/restaurant but I would encourage everyone to avail themselves of the offerings provided by Philadelphia's culinary renaissance. The rooms are spacious with a wall of windows. The large bathroom in their standard king room was surprisingly large and open in its plan with frosted-glass french doors to separate it from the rest of the room (tub with hand-held shower head, glass-enclosed stall shower, large vanity, hair dryer, make-up mirror, and L'Occitane bath products), closet (you'll find the bathrobes in here!), writing desk, plasma tv, and sitting area. Let's also not forget the Bose wave radio with iPod hook-up. 

Room service is prompt, reasonably priced, and available until 3am (select menu after midnight). A concierge, just off the lobby, is available to help you get better acquainted with the city. The hotel also features a number of ballrooms and meeting rooms for private events. The Sofitel is pet-friendly as well and features a room service menu just for dogs, too. 

Yes, they will greet you in French - it is a French enterprise after all, but the service is really quite good. I had forgotten my iPhone charger and the front desk charged my phone until I could procure another one. If you want a better parking rate than $34/night via hotel valet, I would recommend investigating the many other lots in the area, though Philadelphia is hardly known for reasonable parking rates. 

My only complaint is that you can really hear everything going on outside in the hallway. I am happy to note that I heard no noise from the surrounding city despite only being on the 5th floor.
We stayed here for a wedding nearby and it really was lovely. The staff was so friendly when I called to book everything and then again when I needed to amend my reservation. We had a suite and a okay view- Philadelphia can be a bit sketchy even in the nicer areas. There's lots of really great places to eat lunch with in a few blocks. Our room was comfortable and I loved the separate shower and tub. We really didn't spend too much time in there though- the wedding was at a different location but most of the bridal party and out of town guests stayed here. We tried meeting up after the reception in the bar but the POS was down according to the bar tender and we couldn't order drinks. They couldn't even accept cash and keep a written log of drinks. It was a real disappointment! We had a family brunch the next morning- buffet style and it was good. Standard food options but the staff was very prompt and helpful. Other than that bar snag everything was great.
Sofitel gets 4 starts because I got stuck with a smoking room and then got too lazy to pack up and switch to a non-smoking room. I think I was so amazed that there were still smoking rooms I couldn't believe it. 

It finally dawned on me I was in a smoking room when I was talking to hubby back home and told him how happy I was to get some matches (no one has matches on the West Coast with the whole, no smoking any where laws). Then I saw that the matches were in an ashtray...on my desk next to my laptop...in my room. Then the subtle smell of smoke seemed to get stronger and stronger. I think I may take up smoking now. At least I have a box of cool Sofitel matches to start with. 

The room is gorgeous and the bathroom is HUMONGOUS. I mean gigantico. The shower has glass doors and is HUGE. Very cool, love the bathroom. It's the size of some rooms - it's BIG.

Bed is so soft it rivals that Heavenly Bed. Big plasma televisions - that's heaven for me. 

Nice hotel - go figure, there are a lot of guests who speak French. Cool.
Great location but for Sofitel standards, we were quite disappointed.

Our company reserved multiple rooms for a conference we had one weekend. The rooms were okay, nothing to write about and the room service was mediocre. 

The reason I am writing this review is because of an incident: My boss, colleagues and I were standing near the valet booth waiting for our car - and a homeless man approached us. We did not entertain his rant but he became aggressive and was in our face yelling. My boss went in to call security and the front desk personnel told us to call security or the police... now granted, this was around 6:30AM but what kind of hotel does not protect its guests? we were technically on hotel grounds so we were baffled that nothing was done. The valet attendant also did nothing but that may be because he is outsourced and is not hotel staff.

If you expect situations like this happening outside your lobby, then a security is needed.
I absolutely love Sofitel. 

First, and most important IMO, the beds are like sleeping on clouds! *warning* do not sit on them to rest once you've checked in or you WILL fall asleep!

The rooms are spacious and clean. Shower is wonderful.

The location is amazing. It's a few blocks off of Market and Broadway. There are tons of restaurants and bars within walking distance. It's in a nice neighborhood.

The service was outstanding. The front desk people are so pleasant. I really can't say enough good things about Sofitel. I try and stay here every time I am in Philly (more than once a year).

The lone drawback is that there is no place to park. So if you're driving in you'll have to valet your car. I do not know where they take them because I did not notice any parking close to the hotel. I fly in and take the train from the airport then just walk the few blocks from the station that's right by the market. 

It can get pricey to stay here, but it is worth it. I usually book through travelocity and it's been between $100-$150/night depending on when you book.
Hard not to like the Sofitel.  Yeah, it's a little pricey in comparison to other hotels in the area but if you can afford to splurge for a quality stay, SPLURGE!   Before you walk in, you can see they go above and beyond to make their guests feel comfortable.  That's everything ranging from the concierge to checking in at the front desk.  

But the real value in this place is the room.  The rooms are fantastic here.  And the bed can literally trap you and have you sleeping in all day.  Best hotel bed I've slept in.  Everything else in the room is fantastic as well.  

Try to the french toast one morning for room service while you are trapped in the bed.  You won't regret it.
Great location in the heart of Philly. It's best to park your car and explore by foot. The hotel is well kept and the reception staff was professional and friendly. We booked through Hotel Tonight at last minute, Hector at the front desk upgraded our room to a suite. The rooms are super clean and the bar is open late. We stopped at the bar after a show and ordered a charcuterie and cheese board. The charcuterie had a nice selection of a variety of meats. The cheese board can be ordered with 3 5 0r 7 selections which vary and rotate, I enjoyed it very much. Well done Sofitel we'll be back to the biggest little city. I love philly!!
I expected a bit more especially when it came to the cleanliness. Right of the bat when we exited the elevator to the smell of cigarettes. We kept walking and the smell continued. We ended up calling guest services who then stated would send someone to spray the hallway. To be honest did they come who knows the hallway continued to smell like cigarettes for our entire stay which was 3 days. This is especially interesting as they were so focused on people not lighting candles because of a fire hazard but were ok with smoking !!! To make the stay even more delightful was the fact that In order to obtain hot water we had to call guest services more than once. Oh well if your looking for an overpriced " hotel" this is your place or for cheaper you can find a motel with the same smell and it might have hot water!!!!
I love visiting Philly and I have tried a few different hotels, but I am so glad I took the chance on Sofitel Philly! I remembered staying with Sofitel Chicago a few years back a while back so I figured let's try this location. From booking my reservation to leaving- this was an amazing experience from start to finish. The person who helped answer all my questions on the phone was super friendly, and helped me get an idea of their rooms, safety and parking situation.  I had an easy time getting to the hotel and the Valet guys were great! My room was beautiful! Super clean, nothing was out of sorts or missing. The bed was super comfortable and the bathtub was great for after a long night of being out. This is a great location- tons of great restaurants and shopping spots not too far. I will definitely be using them more often, I loved everything about them and the staff were incredibly welcoming! If you're visiting Philly, be sure to stay here for a super comfortable stay! I noticed they had high tea, I will be sure to try that out next time I am here.
Toto, I have a feeling we're not in Beverly Hills anymore.

I was slightly disappointed with my stay at the Philadelphia location of the Sofitel Hotel. I've stayed at Sofitel before (in Beverly Hills) so I was expecting the same appeal at a different location but it was completely night and day.

Don't get me wrong, the hotel is decent. The lobby was gorgeous and the staff was great. The hotel itself is VERY dated and lacks charm. The walls are also paper thin, as I could hear everything going on in the hallway and the next room over.

The location is AWESOME. You're pretty much in the center of Center City and everything was walking distance. Nordstrom Rack is literally next door and there's a Bloomingdales outlet, Banana Republic, lululemon, Starbucks etc right at your fingertips. 

The restaurant, Liberte, was ok. I went there for NYE dinner and was underwhelmed. My server, Mary, was great though. She gave us complimentary Veuve Cliquot and made a great recommendation for where to go for a NYE party (thanks boo!)

Valet was somewhat of a nightmare. I'm not used to Philadelphia streets (or the lack of in this case). If you're coming down Walnut (or maybe Chestnut. or 17th street. IDK, I don't remember where I was exactly) it's impossible to pull into valet as it's such a sharp turn. Between the impatient drivers and damn near blind pedestrians, pulling my car in was a challenge.

I'm glad I had the option for unlimited in and out of valet but at the $95 charge (for two nights), it should have come with a chauffeur.
We used to like the hotel but no longer can say the same. 

Wifi service in room was 300 Kbps wait what? It was faster in 1995! Spent an hour on phone with their outsourced IT department. No results. BS. 

Tried to get concierge to help with dinner reservations. Guy was clueless. Main guy on vacation other main guy on sick leave. 
Lame!
We just returned from a 4 night stay at Sofitel in Philadelphia and we couldn't be happier! We originally chose this establishment because we learned that they were dog friendly. When we pulled up to the hotel, we thought for sure we had made an error. The hotel was so beautiful and sophisticated, we thought we must have misunderstood their policies or walked into the wrong hotel. Sure enough, both my husband and I AND our dogs were greeted warmly and escorted to our rooms. Our pups were given treats upon arrival and they were always greeted with a smile and a kind word while entering and exiting the premises. 

The rooms were clean, modern and comfortable. The mattress and pillows were supremely comfortable (in fact, I snuck a peak at the labels and Im buying my own pillow and comforter sets for home!) Most importantly of all, each and every hotel personnel member we came into contact with, regardless of their role at the hotel, were genuinely kind and helpful, a delight to interact with. Lastly, the hotel was also very accommodating.  They allowed for an early check-in and slightly later departure and both check-in and check-out were quick and seamless.  We cant say enough great things about our stay here. We definitely intend on returning! Thank you Sofitel for making our vacation so comfortable and enjoyable!
The Sofitel Philadelphia is on par with other Sofitels I've stayed at (NYC, London, Dubai). This is a polite way of saying that you will leave this (and other) Sofitels feeling like you likely overpaid for the accommodations and level of service you received. 

Here are my thoughts on our 2 night stay in a junior suite:

Room: Good size and the furniture at the Sofitel Philadelphia is in good shape. The bathroom is nice and roomy and the Lanvin products are a great touch. But one can't help notice the little things that need work: the very scratched coffee table in the living room, the terrible springs on the pull out sofa bed, the sheet that had a hole in it, the robe that had a hole in it, etc.

Service: 

*Housekeeping confused me. We asked for an additional robe and instead they took one away. We requested a flat sheet for the bed (there is only a duvet which gets HOT) and they brought another duvet instead. Ultimately none of these things are a big deal and the room was clean enough.

*Concierge is amazingly friendly and helpful. No complaints there.

*My husband was very troubled that check out couldn't be extended by a couple of hours until 3 pm. We've never had an issue with late checkout at any other chain so I can see why he was bothered by this. We ended up checking out early and storing our luggage until our train left. Not a big deal but still...

Hotel Location: Fabulous. Can't beat the proximity to Chestnut and Market and Rittenhouse Square.

Bottom Line: If one is paying a nightly rate on par with the Four Seasons, one should get Four Seasons treatment. Next time, we'll forgo the super convenient location and stay the Four Seasons instead.
This hotel is great.

I brought my small shih tzu here and they did not charge us to have him in the room, unlike the Marriott which makes you pay $75-$150 depending on location!

The staff was very friendly and the concierge was great. The room was spacious and clean. We actually extended for one more night because we loved our stay so much. 

If I am ever back in Philly I would stay here again.
Afternoon tea review. I chose the Sofitel expecting an elevated French experience and ambiance. I unfortunately got neither of those. The decor of the restaurant was very worn, the service was mediocre, and the tea wasn't properly strained and there were many loose leaves in my cup. I also wasn't impressed with the food. 
I like the Sofitel, but if you're expecting a true afternoon tea experience, I would go elsewhere.
Really nice hotel, especially for the price. The service was excellent on all ends (valet, check in, check out, bar, etc). I called in ahead and told them I would be arriving late (1:00 AM). They said no problem, that they would have my keys already made, and I would be checked-in to make sure my reservation wasn't taken away. When I arrived, the front desk guy quickly found my keys. I asked for a late check-out, and instead of saying A) that wasn't possible or B) telling me what time my late check-out could be, they C) asked me what time worked for me. Never had that happened before. 
At the lounge area I wanted to get a soda to-go, and the bartender went out of their way to go find me a bottled soda - no questions asked. 

Maybe these are small things, but when you put them all together it makes for a nice experience.

Only negatives: *Had to pay for internet. *Parking cost money. (both not a big deal since the price was cheap to begin with)

Overall, it is one of the best hotels I've stayed in.
I stayed at the Sofitel this past weekend for a little family getaway. I had a Juinor Suite and I was very pleased with the space and for the amount I paid. The hotel was conveniently located in Center City near many eateries and businesses. 

When I first entered the hotel, I noticed the scented lobby and nicely decorated lobby area. The check-in was rapid and smooth. The employees were very friendly and addressed two issues I had in an expeditious manner. They provided a baby robe for my two year old daughter which was a major plus.. Lastly, they allowed me to check out two hours late without an extra charge. 

Overall, this was a pleasant experience at this hotel, fairly priced; and it was money well spent here. 

Thank you, Sofitel Philadelphia...
We did the King Corner Suite, what a let down. Pictures online are fake or really old. 

The front desk employees were very friendly and efficient, the rest of the staff they hire are unqualified and unprofessional. 

Their HR Dept is in the dump they don't hire the most qualified. I don't know why they hire all incompetent people. 

Sofitel is low end and not worth $300-$400 per night. 

These photos are during our actual stay in the last week of July 2021. 

No matter what, they do not listen to any constructive criticism.
We got a block of rooms for our wedding guests at the Sofitel this past weekend, and reserved a regular room for ourselves for our wedding night so that we wouldn't have to return home to our condo, which had been overtaken with wedding mess. As people started checking in, we heard stories of the best beds ever and cocktails at the hotel bar featuring raspberry puree. Everyone raved about the hotel - comfortable beds, friendly staff, amazing drinks. 

We experienced it for ourselves on Saturday night, and I'm so glad we did. The room was larger than I expected, and we had a shower and separate bathtub - I made use of both taking down my wedding hair. The beds were as comfortable as our guests told us they were. And, we got to spend one of the most memorable hours of our wedding day enjoying the company of friends and fantastic drinks in the lounge. 

We will definitely be back for drinks, and the occasional special occasion. I'm so glad we chose the Sofitel.
After a considerable amount of research before traveling, we determined the Sofitel was the best balance of cost, location, reputation and quality.  

That said, be prepared for an above adequate experience at best.  We recently enjoyed a stay at the Sofitel in Manhattan which was exquisite.  The Philadelphia location does has the French charm and elegance and we found the staff to express the same genuine warmth and hospitality of the New York location.  However be prepared for rooms with absolutely no view, hands down the coldest hallways of any hotel we've ever been to and rooms that smell strongly of carpet deoderizer.

Room service was fine but expensive (typical).  The valet was accomodating, even though we pushed them to the limit with how many times a car could be brought in and out and not driven away.  Someone else mentioned the beds are of poor quality and THEY ARE.  I have attached a picture.  The beds are FAR PAST DUE for replacing.  The mattresses sag in something terrible and the Sofitel has tried to camoflauge this by adding a puffy (and comfortable) feather top.  I slept OK, but I did expect a lot more for $200/night.

In short we'd stay here again.  Part of that decision is based on the less desirable (either by price, quality, location) of the other hotels in Philly.  For example we went to the Four Seasons for afternoon drinks and I could not believe it wasn't just a souped-up Courtyard Marriott.  So, if you're deciding between the Four Seasons at $400/night and the Sofitel, put on your winter coat and brave the ice-cold hallways to your floppy bed paradise!
I can honestly say that I'm not one who normally writes reviews but I enjoyed my recent stay at Sofitel Philadelphia so much that I had to leave a review. My girlfriend and I were staying at the Hotel Sofitel and celebrating both Valentines Day as well as her Birthday. The hotel knew we were celebrating these special occasions and went out of their way to make our stay extra special. 

We booked a king bed room which was beautiful and the bed was the most comfortable I have ever been on. As soon as we walked into the room there were rose petals in the shape of a heart on the bed and electric candles on the bed headboard. Shortly after arriving in our room and unpacking, there was a knock on the door and a very nice hotel employee was there to drop off a few gifts for us. To our surprise, the hotel had sent up personalized birthday cards, delicious chocolate covered strawberries and a birthday cake along with some other gifts to help us celebrate my girlfriends birthday. 

It was totally unexpected and very much appreciated! I have to extend a special thank you to Patricia in the Customer Recognition Dept. for going out of her way to make our stay a very memorable one. Our check-in and check-out was very easy and the hotel lobby was beautiful and our room had a great view, was both clean and well appointed. 

We will definitely be staying at The Hotel Sofitel Philadelphia next time we are in Philadelphia and in need of a hotel. Thank you again to Angela, Patricia and all the staff at the Hotel Sofitel for an amazing stay!
I saved up the money to take my fiancé here for her birthday earlier this year and was very disappointed. Fist when we arrived I had prebooked the room several weeks in advance when we got there the first room they put us in was used. The room had not been cleaned since the last people. They changed our room. We got the new room but the halls outside the room am in the room where so dirty they turned our socks black then our feet within a short while of walking around. When my fiancé tried to shower we had to wipe the bathroom and shower down because there was creamy substance all over and hair. We wanted to change rooms again but it was so late and figured it wasn't worth the hastle.

The room was beaten up with paint chipped everywhere and the furniture worn. I even paid to have a nicer room with her. I saved up for her birthday and was so disappointed in the quality. This is suppose to be a 5 star hotel and it was so dirty. The bed was not that nice either. 

The staff at the front desk was amazing, an excellent staff at the front. Which was the only positive part of the experience. 

I did not feel like it was worth the money at all. I stayed at a holiday in express the next week for work and it was so much cleaner and nicer than my experience at sofitel. The room was so much more inviting and clean, with little things done everywhere that made you feel special
I have the pleasure of running our strategic planning sessions at work.  This duty extends to selecting location and coordinating the typical 2 to 3 day working session.  Therefore, this review will cover both the rooms at the Sofitel and their conference center.  My only comment on the hotel itself is that it is nicely located within downtown Philly and offers valet parking should you decide to drive anywhere (however, you can easily walk anywhere you need to go in the city).

The Rooms: Modern, high-end bathrooms and comfortable pillow-top beds.  Honestly, I don't ask for much in a room, but the Sofitel delivers (and then some).  Wi-Fi is available, for a fee, which always drops my hotel ratings a star.  Sorry, its just how I roll.

The Conference Center: They offer various size rooms and the option to have lunch in the bar downstairs or up in the conference room.  The IT staff was friendly and easy to get a hold of in times of need, but after all the various fees and minimums for the rental, they still required users to pay for Wi-Fi in the Conference area.  I'm not a big fair of being nickel and dimed.  While that seems to be common practice in the conference center biz, Sofitel found ways to take things a step further.
My favorite. I stayed here a lot when I lived outside of the city. They let you bring your dogs. the rooms are beautiful. room service menu is fab. and i love the bar.
Funny story-- my boyfriend and I stumbled into Sofitel after a night so debaucherous that we BOTH lost our sets of keys to our apartment.  It was the only hotel with rooms available and it was too late even to be calling our friends who are nightly folk.  No hotel room in Philly is worth 300 dollars a night but Sofitel IS nice.  The bed was huge and comfy, the room was nice and well decorated.  The circumstances were unfortunate and it was late otherwise we would have enjoyed it more.

On the flip side, if you can get a good online deal its well worth it.  My mother lives out of the country and has stayed in many of the hotels in Philly.  This was by far the best.  You can not beat the location, the room service or the comfort factor.
The most comfortable bed that I have ever slept in in my entire life and there were plenty of pillows, which I love and need. 

Room service: Ordered the French Toast with Canadian Bacon, the bowl of fruit and a cappuccino. The French Toast, even not being hot, was to die for and absolutely perfect, the Canadian bacon (Good Bless its Soul) was not dried out at all and had grill marks, which equal flavor and had like a smoky taste to them...OMG!!! The fruit bowl was serious. It consisted of Blackberries, Strawberries, Blueberries and Raspberries. Are you freaking kidding me!!? Never does a fruit bowl have that type of variety or even half as much. I saved some for the next morning. And my cappuccino, even after being covered with plastic as they do, was the BOMB!! Almost better than ordering one at Peet's. 

Great location, you are in the center of EVERYTHING. Great staff, neat and clean, hotel bar is awesome and awesome people come through as well, Just splendid! 

I would highly recommend.
Free l'occitane products?  The last time I got free l'occitane products it was because I dated one of their store managers.  And he took back the products after we broke up.  hEllO, who does that?!

This Sofitel (the first I've stayed at) surprised me many times over.  L'occitane bathroom products (mmm), plush furniture, and just enough space in the guest rooms, fantastic bathrooms with separate shower and tub.  For bathies like me with a huge tub in their Miami condo, who like to fill it up with bubbles and put all sorts of Kiehls chemicals in the water, and surround the outside with candles, an ipod dock, and champagne, you'll be slightly disappointed at the Sofitel.  But you can still take a cozy bath in their tub.  And I did.

And the gym!  hEllO, us gay men need to always look beautiful, which can't be accomplished by a treadmill and some free weights.  The Sofitel had a fabulous collection of equipment, including upper and lower body machines, tons of treadmills, and even a pulley machine that I had no idea how to operate!  The gym's view is of a brick wall, so it's not like working out in Chicago's Swissotel.  Or in my condo building.

In addition, there's an downstairs lounge with a hot nighttime atmosphere.  Relax, get a glass of wine and their amazing cheese plate, and you're set for a couple hours of relaxation.

My complaints?  Few and far between.  They charge for internet.  Internet is FREE at places like Howard Johnson (of course, I wouldn't know), so why should I have to pay $12 a day for internet at the Sofitel?

Also, the hot water took fOrEvEr to come on.  Maybe it was just my room, but please: this is such a buzz kill when you walk into a room as beautiful as the rooms at the Sofitel.

This has been a Review by Fulgencio
When my now-husband and I were planning our wedding, it seemed like we were on our own as far as accommodations post-reception.  We initially felt like it would be O.K. for us to just....return back to our apartment, but when we saw a good deal for a room at the Sofitel on a discount travel website to which I subscribe, we went for it.  Fast forward a few more weeks: we were gifted a hotel suite for our wedding night, and I transferred our Sofitel reservation to the weekend preceding my husband's birthday for only eleven dollars more (as opposed to other weekends about which I inquired, which cost upwards of $100 more to transfer the date).  That being said, the staff, from my initial calls hoping that transferring prepaid reservation dates wouldn't be a hassle to every in-person interaction, was very friendly and accommodating without being cloying.  

The room is very nice but not a knockout as far as decor, although the French doors leading into the bathroom were an attractive touch.  The bed, comforter, and pillows were remarkably comfortable, and  I have a serious case of Princess and the Pea slash Goldilocks syndrome  (too hard, too soft, too lumpy, too firm, too hot, too cold, too many pillows, pillows too flat, fidget, flip over, curl up, splay out, etc., etc).  The bathroom was spacious and clean--my favorite part of our room.  The bathroom featured lemony L'Occitane bath goods (my husband noted that the lotion smelled like Pez).  The room service menu appeared extensive and actually appealing in its selection of items both comfort food-y (cheesesteaks, pizza, popcorn), luxurious (cheese plate options abound), and fresh and light (hummus platter, seafood timbales with avocado and greens), although we did not partake.  

The gym facilities were pleasant, clean, and well-maintained.  The weight machines were up-to-date and in excellent condition (more recent models than my neighborhood gym, no disrespect to my local).  There were a number of treadmills, and two ellipticals and stationary bikes as well.  The above-and-beyond touches in the fitness room included the complimentary water by the machines (YAY!), free red and green apples, and headphones with removable earpads for those wanting to use the TV screens attached to the 'mills.  (I generally don't when I'm ordinarily at the gym, but I gave it a whirl in the hotel, and watched such quality programming as some sort of cartoon program composed of basically parody commercials, and an infomercial about an infared cooking apparatus).  

Later that night at the hotel bar, Liberte, my companion and I enjoyed beer, cocktails, and bub over hours of conversation so intense that we got choked up at various points.  The atmosphere (fancy living-room-y with its large velvet chairs/couch/fireplace/dim lighting) is conducive to this type of chatting; this aspect of our experience was priceless, as the last couple of weeks have been spent doing the wake up beat/go to work/come home late/make dinner to eat listlessly/read the internet even more listlessly/go to bed daily grind, which is a heart, soul, and boner deflater.

A con: neighboring patrons' loud TVs can be heard, as in the case of someone blasting a program at 5 am which seemed to consist entirely of two people yelling hysterically at each other, like porn for those who feel too repressed to emote.  Noise from the street is also jarringly audible throughout the night; the dude letting out short, barking screams every couple of seconds until a female companion started shrieking alongside him managed to jar me out of sleep repeatedly.  Unrelated but related, though: the elevators require you to use your key to access floors above the fourth.  While minorly inconvenient, this is also nice in that it prevents situations like those I've experienced in other city hotels: random non-patrons partying in the hallway and awakening me or relatives from out of town in the wee hours of the morn.  One other neg: the vestibule before entering the hotel lobby smelled faintly of garbage, which was off-putting, but this may not be a chronic issue.  

Of special note is the upfront and helpful concierge William, who managed to give us dinner recommendations that were a) super close to the hotel on a chilly night on which we wanted to neither walk/travel far nor pay for cab, b) satisfied my craving for hearty-but-healthy food, c) made my man and me moon over each other over the whole meal, d) subtly acknowledged/respected the fact that we're locals but wanted to try something cozy and different, and e) made us two Philadelphians feel like we were on a special intimate vacation even though we live about 15 minutes walking distance from the hotel, to the point that we kept forgetting, once we returned home, that we *hadn't* been in a different city on some brief whirlwind travel adventure.
I have contacted headquarters, have written letters, and have had NO RESPONSE. I do not have respect for a company that will not even respond to a regular customer's complaint. As I mentioned before, we spend thousands of dollars here every Thanksgiving. If you have any problems, do not trust them to make any effort to fix it!
Checked into this hotel late on Friday night. There was definitely more of a younger "party scene", so if you are looking for a quiet getaway, this is definitely not your spot. The rooms were spacious and the beds were fairly comfortable. Overall nice amenities...Staff was very friendly and helpful. A true "4-star" solid hotel, but certainly lacking in some of the amenities that would make this hotel one I would return to with excitement.
Comfortable hotel in great locale.

As everyone says, the feathery mattress topper and comforters are great. It would be nice if they had standard pillows in the room, so you don't have to hassle the staff. (Not usually a fan of down pillows...)

Bathroom was exceptional; water flows hot, and they have nice towels and robes for you. Overall room decor was nice, although I did not enjoy my view from the odd-numbered side of the building - it has a view of a dumpster and ramshackle building, but hey, it's expensive real estate, right?

Didn't try room service, as that's not my bag, baby. Lots of great places to venture out to try. Don't believe me? Consult your Yelp! app!

Staff were friendly, and overall a great experience.

Will definitely be back... if they have a good special!! (Like the Kimpton Palomar across the street typically does...)
Never in my life have I had to save the thirteen emails a hotel sends you about your upcoming trip. Wellllll tonight I wish I had #SofitelPhiladelphia said they don't have my reservation because Tammy Troung made notes in the computer saying I canceled it yesterday for "personal reasons" MotherFather WHAT?!?! No I didn't. I had these reservations since Aug. So beyond pissed. They gave me a room but I reserved a suite. They are acting like they are doing me some sort of favor. Knowing they sold my suite for more money because the 49ers are staying here before their game on Sunday. LESSON learned! Philly ain't  poop already!
We stayed here for NYE 2012/2013 it was not as nice as I though it would be for a place that makes it seem like its a 4 star hotel. We had hair on the tub and the place had a musty odor and a worn look to the carpets. The bed was ok the pillows were horrible lumps of something  goose down or something. Luckily I was drinking all night and didn't notice it. The elevator did not work with our room keys and not just ours others as well. We had the bell hop take us with his ID up to the 9th floor to our room.  We noticed the mini bar fridge was unlocked even though they said it was locked and asked if we wanted a key. The fridge is packed with their mini bar items and you can't put anything else in it without removing items. It is a really small fridge. Even while checking in another guest was letting them know that the closet door was falling off in his room. For what we paid for New Years Eve I would expect more from this hotel. An 40 dollars for over night parking. What a rip off. Anyway, it seems that Philly has crept into this place and is getting run down. I would look else were for next years NYE place to stay.
One of my favorite places to stay.  Their rooms are well decorated and spacious, they are centrally located, you have your choice of a separate bathtub / glass enclosed shower, flatscreen TV, nice lobby bar, great toiletries (Roger & Gallet), and a bed that you can sink into for the night.  Their Pacific Coast featherbed was so comfortable, I had to buy one for my house.     

Breakfast at Chez Colette is the added bonus - nothing says "breakfast" like fresh squeezed juice, french press coffee, and waffles (or omelette with a croissant).
The Good: Excellent bed. Cool decor. Good service. L'Occitaine toiletries.  Decent gym, which you don't have to pay for. Excellent location.

The Bad: Very expensive valet (I parked at the $35/night public garage down the street). Had to pay for internet acess. Expensive hotel.
The Mister and I stayed in the Sofitel this past weekend to hang with some out-of-town friends. This hotel exceeded our expectations. Every staff member from the valet to the concierge to the bellman was accomodating and courteous. The room was lux and very clean. I loved the spaciousness of the bathroom. The bed was extremely comfortable and the turn-down service was a nice touch. It was convenient to the spots we wanted to go to as well. The lobby bar was fab as well and stayed crowded throughout our stay.

We are glad we stayed here and will definitely stay again. After staying in hotels every weekend for the past month (we have been on a weekend mini-vacay frenzy), the Sofitel was by far the best and in one of my favorite cites no less!
Love the idea that in a hotel in Philly they answer the phone"Bon jour".It really is a first rate hotel, bath robes too.  Rooms and bathrooms are spacious and well appointed and the beds are wonderful.  The lobby bar and seating area as well as the restaurant are really the prime amenities. First morning, I called RS and asked if they had pain au chocolat.  Silence then "sorry sir but we don't have pounds of chocolate".  That's OK , love the Sofitel.
A beautiful hotel with killer customer service and awesome cocktails at the bar. The valet option was clutch because I never would have found parking. The bellhop, Raziki, was so nice and conversational. He made me feel very welcome as did the concierge. The room was very nicely decorated, a beautiful bathroom, big closet and comfy bed. 
However, there were three things a luxury hotel could have done better. The least major offense being that the TV wasn't HD- in the grand scheme of things I know that doesn't really matter but, come on, we pay a lot for these rooms, get a not fuzzy TV. Second, the sound proofing between the room and the hallway and window outside was terrible. People talking in normal voices and construction happening streets away were way too loud. Third, and the worst offense, there was hair in the shower drain from the previous occupants. That's disgusting.
Beautiful and clean hotel. Stayed here for a couple nights on business in August and was very thankful for the AC in the hot humid weather!

Greeted with a warm welcome every time I entered. Check in and checkout were a breeze. My request to checkout late was easily accommodated. 

Bed was extremely comfortable, I had no problem with my jet lag and falling asleep early.

Good desk space and plenty of room to charge multiple devices.

Nice amenities in the bathroom. Actually got use out of the sewing kit and nail file to fix myself up before a meeting! 

Great location walking distance from restaurants, shops, sightseeing. I even ran to the Rocky steps and back from the hotel! 

I would stay here again.
I have used this hotel many times.
They have beautiful rooms and a excellent staff. Bar and Resturant are very sophisticated and enjoyable.
This is an extremely nice 14 story hotel with great location. It's surrounded by endless restaurants and bars of all sorts. There's even a few lounges within a couple of blocks. One of my favorite lounges is literally right across the street. As for the hotel itself, it has a touch of old school elegance mixed with upscale contemporary styling. I don't think they have a pool, but they offer pretty much the same amenities that other competing hotels have. One of the highlights of the Sofitel is their extremely popular French restaurant and bar. The rooms are spacious with abnormally large bathrooms. My only complaints is that the bathrooms have double doors and the one in are room didn't close properly. It had at least an inch gap inbetween the doors, so if you're a person that needs their privacy, that might be an issue for you. There's also no fan in the bathroom, so once again if you need privacy, you might have to run water while "taking care of business." My last complaint is that the Sofitel is a long hotel and unfortunately, the elevators are all on one side of the building, instead of being in the middle. So you might have a little bit of a walk from the elevator to your room. But with all that said, the Sofitel is a great hotel with staff that makes you feel like royalty. Best of all, their prices are more reasonable that most of their near by competitors.
Beautiful hotel. great location. Parking streets absolute nightmare. They failed to tell me when I arrived that construction has been going on right outside and literally had to ask a police car to move so we can check into hotel. Like the dog friendly atmosphere. Kudos for that. Also upon arrival on busy saturday with weddings etc. walking to room with hallways filled with food trays laying outside room. Gross.
Loved it.  That bed is the best thing.  Wow.  We woke up and called downstairs to find out exactly when check-out was so we could figure out exactly how long we could stay in that bed and still get out of the room in time.  Normally I'm up and racing to brunch on a Sunday, but brunch can wait when you are in a bed that comfy.  I asked for a great view, so they put us on the top floor and we got exactly what we asked for.  The window in the room covered the entire wall end to end.  Clean and nicely decorated, nice big flat screen tv, nice marble bathroom, nice plush robes, nice toiletries in the bathroom.  

What more could you want?  Oh, how about you have a relative ask if you can emergency dog-sit and you call the Sofitel in Philly where you have a room booked and ask if the dog can come and stay in their luxury rooms too and they say, "Sure! We don't have any weight limits or breed restrictions and don't need you to pay a fee, pay a deposit, sign anything, or do anything other than give us your phone number so we can reach you."  Wow.  Thanks Sofitel.

Note that parking is $30.
I sure lived the "suite" life on my birthday!

I've always wanted to go to Philly, and I figured that the big 2-9 was as good an excuse as any to get out of NYC for a night. Two hours on the bus, and the beau and I were smack dab in the middle of it. After looking for good hotels with equality as good prices, I found many good reviews of Sofitel (Dave H.'s included!) which piqued my interest. After finding an astoundingly good price of only $156 for the night of my birthday, October 11th, a Friday no less, I jumped on that as fast as I could. It was for your "average" Superior Room (King Sized Bed, which was all we needed), and I was pleased with that.

Upon arrival, we sat in the lounge, as we were a hair early to our 3 p.m. check-in; a rainy Friday coupled with all of our luggage did not leave us a good opportunity to explore the neighborhood in the meantime. Luckily, Michael at the front desk allowed us to "pre-check in", so at 3, we were ready to roll. Our next front desk member (I believe it was Hector, though he did not display a name tag at the time), got me up and going to our room in less than 5 minutes. Upon asking if we wanted a mini bar key, I exclaimed, "Sure! Why not? It's my birthday!" After a congratulations from him, he handed me the room keys and mini bar key to a room on the 5th floor. Suddenly, before we walked from the desk, we asked if we could return the room keys. He needed to "check something in the computer". We returned them, he checked the computer, printed out two more room keys, and put them into an envelope that read "1138". He quietly said to us, "Happy Birthday. I've upgraded you to a suite."

SAY WHAAAAAT?

Sure enough, up to Room 1138 we went, and we opened the door into a foyer. A large marble bathroom was to our right. A lovely living room with a south-facing view of the city was ahead of us. Our separate bedroom with the biggest freaking fluffy white bed you've ever seen was adjacent to us. In fact, if I may quote Agnes from "Despicable Me": "IT'S SO FLUFFY, I'M GONNA DIE!!!!"

Due to the rain, we did enjoy that fluffy bed for most of that first afternoon and evening. The huge flat screen TV was a pleasure, and lounging around in bathrobes and drinking green tea from our in-room Keurig whilst watching Maury Povich at 4 p.m. on a Friday afternoon before partaking in some birthday dining / drinking activities...WELL...it was an unparalleled and hedonistic pleasure.

...and I'm not one of those people that's going to nit pick about small structural wear. So there was some varnish chipped off of the bathroom doors, yes. So the sink in my bathroom room drained a little slow then "glug glug glug"-ed for a few minutes afterwards. I can not say that ruined my experience by any means. 

The best part? It was a true free upgrade. I nervously looked at my final receipt when I got it to see if I incurred any surprise charges...and it really WAS a kind gesture made by the staff because it was my birthday. How lovely! 

The staff, room, location, everything...top notch. It's the only place I've ever stayed in Philly, and upon any future visits, I'm not sure I'd want to look for any other hotel.
My boyfriend and I stayed here in early December when visiting.  We are from Philly and now live on the west coast. I knew the location was spot on and we got a great rate online.
We were uncomfortable every night. Down pillows are not for us.  Also no top sheet?? The bed had a feather top on it and down comforter in a duvet. The air conditioner was "fake"  we put it on but never felt the room cool off. Couldn't even find the hvac vents?  The temp remained 78 to 80 degrees no matter what we we did.  
We were busy everyday running around with our plans but by the 3rd night of such lousy sleeping we wanted out. 
The hotel bar is great, room service is spot on. 
Again, the location is terrific but a great's night sleep is worth it's weight in gold. I won't stay here again but would recommend the bar for meeting up with friends/family.
Ugggghhhhmuhgaaaashhh this hotel is amazing.

I'm a sucker for all things luxury, and Sofitel is it.  

The room was huge (who needs a suite when the corner room is...huge...very big), the service was on par wit what I've experienced at boutique, high-end places, it was SUPER quiet (until around check out time when housekeeping was making their rounds), and the bed?  Good googlymoogly.   SOOOO comfortable.  The sheets, the pillows, the mattress.  Everything was absolutely outstanding.

After a night of partying, I couldn't find any water in my room.  I called downstairs, and a few minutes later there were 5 bottles of water hanging on my doorknob.  

Searched the city for at least 45 minutes looking for a chai latte.  Finally just went back to the hotel to get one from their restaurant.  They didn't serve chai latte's, but the server walked me alllll the way out of the hotel to the corner of the valet lot to show me where I could find one on the next block.

So many things made this an incredible experience.  I joined their loyalty program, and can't wait to stay with them again.
Had the junior suite for two nights. Great location, very few amenities for the 500plus price tag. Room service took 10min to answer the phone one night and asked if they could call us back! The phone didn't work in the bedroom, no pool, no spa, no view. Fake "bonjour" pleasantries.

Would not choose Sofitel over even a kimpton. 

Seriously for that price tag, you expect much more.
After reading so many great yelp reviews, I took a chance and booked a room at the Sofitel. It seemed promising. Judging by the photos it looks esthetically pleasing and the price is affordable. Unfortunately, I can't say that I can agree with other yelpers. Upon arrival, I was immediately turned off that my room wasn't ready. I tried checking in at 2:53pm. Check in was at 3 pm. Not that it's a huge deal but we had to wait until the room was ready. Again, not a big deal but I didn't like it if I'm paying 235 dollars for less than 24 hours of vacancy. Also, keep in mind that they put a 100 dollar hold on your card for any damages that might occur during your stay. (Which is good compared to other places). The staff was apologetic, accommodating  and very friendly which is what you want your staff to be. Now, valet. 50 that it costs plus tip is a bit steep. I know you have to pay to park. I get it but there is no other option provided by Sofitel. There is a parking garage down the street that allows you to park for their price but they informed us that Sofitel has their own parking garage. We were on the 8th floor with a king size bedroom. When you walk in, it's OK because that's just all it is. It's a bit outdated and needs to be updated. One of the lights didn't work. There a speaker that you can't really connect to. I've been in plenty of hotels and it was truly underwhelming. The minibar didn't exist because it was undergoing a change over and the refrigerator was dirty and room temperature. Any mini bar items were in the closet. I wasn't really fan of the amenities that this hotel features. The WiFi was slow and if you wanted to watch tv, you had few channels to choose from. Just when I thought I had something positive to say about the room such as the bed, my boyfriend and I woke up itchy and on my leg there were two bites. I'm not saying I have bed bugs now but I'm not about to take a chance either so now, all my things that I brought are going to the laundry mat. The bed is comfortable but that's not how I wanted to wake up. I wanted to like this place, I really did. . Overall, it just didn't do it for me. When asked if I enjoyed my stay, I said it was just OK and I received no response from the staff. I'm not one to make a scene but I truly was disappointed. My boyfriend and I traveled from RI and were looking for something that the Sofitel just doesn't offer but it does have potential. I guess I just stayed at the wrong time. As far as location is concerned, it's perfect but next time I visit philly, it just won't be here.
I don't like to leave bad reviews, but ...

There were feces smeared on the wall of the shower. I asked the front desk to clean up. To safely allow their cleaning staff to enter, we agreed I would leave the room for a few hours. 

When I returned, there were feces smeared on the wall of the shower. Ended stuck in a room full of a stranger's feces during a big snowstorm. 

Manager/s will not acknowledge this complaint or return my calls.

If they are not cleaning feces off walls, I doubt they are following COVID protocols.
The Sofitel has a fun mood. I enjoyed my large room and luxurious bed. But the Christmas weekend stay was mixed for several reasons, mostly having to do with sub-par breakfast dining (perfect croissants but cold and rock-hard scrambled eggs at breakfast buffet) and erratic service. Champagne left for safe-keeping on Christmas Eve with a hotel employee while we went to church took half an hour to track down when we returned to hotel: and took another half hour to get up to our room...disorganized! 
But the overall vibe of this hotel is warm and friendly so I'd probably stay here again: and go elsewhere for breakfast! A French hotel should do better with its cuisine...
It's the little things that matter. When I arrived at the Sofitel in Philadelphia, I realized that I had forgotten to bring my toothbrush and toothpaste. Realizing that it was quite late and horrified at the prospect of going to bed without brushing my chompers, I called the front desk to see if these dental hygiene items were available from the front desk. And boy was I in luck! Not only did they bring up the supplies, but they came in chic little pouch (see picture). This made my night!

Given my rave review above, you may wonder why only 4 stars? Well unfortunately the hotel was experiencing technical difficulties while I was there and so the on-demand feature of the TV was not available. Normally this wouldn't have been such a big deal, but I was particularly excited about watching a movie that evening and reconciling without it was a bummer. Otherwise it was a 5 star experience!
my favorite hotel in Philadelphia, including some of the ritzy ones.  Just has a great feel, but not too pretentious.  even give you a free drink card when you check in, that you can use at the way kewl bar downstaris where all the hipsters and conventioneers go.  great, big rooms, wonderful decor and wood accents.  wish I could get my place to look this sleek.
I had my wedding at the Sofitel and I have to say everything was absolutely perfect. I'm not a picky person, and I certainly was not a bridezilla, but if I was, I know the Sofitel would have fulfilled every possible need I may have had. 

Everything was wonderful. My friends and family were impressed by the service, and incredibly impressed with the food. One of my uncles even said it was the best steak he had ever had. 

The service was impeccable. Having been in the service industry throughout high school and college, this is something very important to me. I was so happy to hear after the wedding that the service was above and beyond what anyone had expected. The waitstaff went even so far as to refill people's alcoholic beverages at their tables. I've never been to a wedding where they did that before. 

The bridal suite was amazing as well. It was so nice to come back to the room and be greeted with a bottle of Champagne and chocolate covered strawberries. It was such a nice surprise and perfect way to end the perfect night! In the morning we ordered Crepes from room service, AMAZING! The food at the Sofitel is probably some of the best food in the city. 

I absolutely recommend this hotel for your wedding venue. Melody Duffy is a sweetheart too, and you can tell she loves weddings and being the onsite event coordinator. She made our day wonderful!
Theyve added some nice room furniture.  Very nice views and room layout-  i enjoy the couch and desk as well as the large open bathroom plan with entrances from both the front room and bedroom. Well thought out.  I bet they made 2 older hotel smaller rooms into one nice room.  2nd floor has some nice conference rooms. Great location
Stayed here for a week during a conference. Most of my friends stayed here as well. The service we received was top notch. Everyone who worked there went above and beyond, something I definitely appreciate! 

For the most part, I liked our accommodations. Unfortunately the nights during the weekend were a bit loud in the hallways, lots of noise and doors slamming throughout the wee morning hours. Apparently there were 5 wedding parties there so it's to be expected I suppose.... For the amount of money we're paying, you should be able to sleep at night. Just saying. One of my friends had to be moved twice due to worms in the shower (so bizarre). 

I ordered room service twice and it was soo good and pretty reasonable. The restaurant for breakfast was tasty, they give you a ridiculous about of food which in turn is likely why it's on the pricey side. There's a ton of cool lil places to grab a bite to eat, definitely venture out of you can. The foodery across the street was my favorite by far. 

Overall the service and location was perfect for what we needed. However, I'm not sure I would pay full price to stay here again (especially if I'm trying to get away to relax and possibly sleep!)
I've always been a fan of the Sofitel chains and have enjoyed my stay here in Philly's Sofitel as well!

Smooth check-in and check-out and convenient location near Rittenhouse Square.  I didn't have a rental car so no comment on the valet service.  The hotel is only a few blocks from the 'Suburban station' SEPTA stop so public transit is a reasonable option to get here instead of a cab.  ($7 Septa train versus $30 cab). Both take about 30 minutes from PHL.

Pros:
- great beds
- l'occitane toiletries
- 24 hour gym. No pool, but the equipment is new with individual TVs, a decent weight section and offers water and apples for refreshments.
- free wi-fi!  This is a huge plus!  One of the few higher end hotels that doesn't charge you for this.
- quiet rooms
- meeting rooms are comfortable with reclining chairs and catering is good

Cons:
- nothing really

It's a solid hotel chain and the Sofitel Philadelphia is a great base for your visit.  High end linens and Flos lighting with nice touches like the music turned on for you with soft lighting when you come in.  I would definitely come back!
You know what's nice? Escaping reality by staying in a swanky hotel room in just cause. Don't believe me? Try it.

Anywho, the Sofitel lives up to what it wants to be. A beautiful hotel that makes us middle classers sigh and wish that we had a rich relative that would kick the bucket and leave us their estate.

The room was formidable, clean, and spacious. The bathroom was highlight, with it's huge tub and L'Occitane toiletries. The bed was one that makes you fall asleep by just looking at it. There is a mini-bar and room service, however my paycheck does not figure in $10 cashew nuts and a $40 ham sandwich. Wifi worked excellently.

So why 4 stars? Cause I don't have a rich dead relative and I'm bitter. But for a one night escape, it was bliss.
Once every blue moon when I opt to review one of the gazillion bland, homogeneous hotels that I stay at during the year, you can bet it's because it was bad...

This place was bad. Service was bad. Shower was moldy. And who charges for late checkout in an empty hotel? Sofitel Philadelphia, that's who...
I don't think I'd ever leave a 5 star review for a hotel unless it is absolute immaculate and I feel exceptionally great after having stayed there. But, Sofitel comes very close to being perfect. It is one of the string of hotels I stayed at that I was generally pleased with. There are just one or two things that I wasn't thrilled with. 

Ok, so let's start. This will be review 1 of a few hotels I have had to stay at  over the course of almost two weeks due to nightmares of moving and renovations of the new place. In addition to having a guest who was supposed to be staying with me...eeps! 

So after looking around, we booked a room at Sofitel. First pro, it's centrally located making it incredibly convenient to get to. First minor con though - valet parking is super expensive...I think around $65. But to be fair, I found that to be the case for most of the hotels in Center City. 

Walk through the parking area in front and into the lobby. Pass the lobby to the front desk on your right. The lobby is clean and pretty. The front desk folks were also very nice. Our room was also clean and nice. Second con, we were given a room by the elevator and we were able to hear folks going in and out all night :/

Other than that, this was probably one of the nicer hotels and room I stayed in during the two week period I was essentially homeless. I won't really include pricing in my reviews because they will fluctuate according to days/nights and the type of rooms you get. If I had to, would I book another stay here? Yes. Oh! And this hotel is one of a few that allows your pup to stay at without a fee. THIS alone makes up for the few minor cons in my opinion! lol So yes, if you are in need of a place to stay, I highly recommend Sofitel.
We have stayed at this Sofitel many times as a weekend getaway. This place never disappoints. The comfortable bed is dreamy. The room and bathroom are each spacious. Location near Rittenhouse Square is a convenient walk to several tony restaurants like Parc. 

Service: The staff at the front desk have always been swift and professional. The attendants for the car service are friendly. They have provided much needed driving directions without hesitation. If you are leaving close to checkout time on a Sunday, there may be a long wait for your car to arrive. Plan your exit strategy accordingly. 

Room: well appointed. Modern dark wood end tables beside the bed hold a selection of glossy magazines. Large windows go the width of the room, but are covered with thick drapes to keep out the morning sun. They offer a large LCD TV with High Definition service including HBO in HD.   

My favorite zine in the room is "France". Reading each quarterly issue makes me feel like I have jetted into town from Paris on the Concord. Oui, oui?
Highly Recommended
We just returned from a trip to Philadelphia. We stayed at the Sofitel Hotel which was minutes away walking to public transportation, good restaurants, shopping and within about a one mile walk of all major attractions. The hotel is a Pet Friendly. The staff was very attentive and professional. Beautiful big room, the bathroom was nice marble and decent sized with separate shower and tub. We eat breakfast at the Chez Colette hotel restaurant. The breakfast was delicious. The restaurant offer buffet style or a la carte breakfast. The hotel has valet parking or you can park your car around the corner at the public parking. Overall we enjoyed our stay at the Sofitel.
I was here of business this past weekend. I'm going to go ahead and say that I wish that they would make it clear that if you're going to use your spouse's credit card, then you need to fill out paperwork and fax it to them. (Even if you are an authorized user on it.) But, I called and asked beforehand and we did it. So, check-in was easy.

My room was amazing! I had stars in my eyes when I walked in! OK, OK, I know it's just a room, but I loved it! The bed was big and comfy. The TV was great and it had the E! network. The bathroom had both a bathtub and a big shower. All good!

The staff was very friendly. When I wanted breakfast, the valet helped me find a great place. When it was time for me to go at 5:00 am the day after, they got me a cab easily. 

Overall, I was thrilled with my stay. I recommend this place 100%!
