Looking for a spot in the heart Philly for a planned day trip and this spot came up with a room on Expedia that included parking and free breakfast for 210 as opposed to a standard king room for 150. I decided to call the hotel directly to ask about the benefits we would get for the room and was told the parking was $40+ and the breakfast was $25 a person on the club level. We went with the better option after confirming what it would include a nice breakfast and parking which we would be able to leave are car at after we checked out and still exploring the city.

We checked in late and were impressed with the location and super helpful and friendly staff. We were on the 24th floor and told breakfast was only until 9:30, so we set our alarms to not miss this experience on the club level with a special key just to get there. We were happy with the decor and comfort of the room and only wish the bathroom had an actual tub that was not made for people under five foot or more comfortable large shower . It sensuously looked more like a super 8 and not a fancy 4 star hotel.  They also have non mini bar or items in the room, but do have $4 waters sitting in the room. I say go all the way with offering guests options or nothing at all and with a club level spot I would expect at least some nice water and not pay us $8 more for your inflated room price still with one bed and a standard looking bathroom.

Waking up at 8:45 after going to bed at 2am for this breakfast we made it to the executive level at 9am and after using our special blue card to get in were essentially at a holiday inn express breakfast missing the meat. This was a total total fail considering I was told it was $25 a person for the value. I am expecting an omelette station some fresh lox and a fruit platter and it was more like microwaved eggs, yogurt and a muffin. My wife and I looked at one another and laughed. Not getting anything for myself and only thinking about going back to bed the women managing the area was very nice and encouraged me to not miss out on breakfast, but I passed and think overall I would pass on this place if I return to Philly. It was clean and comfortable, but the bathroom and breakfast were pretty important to me after how it was described and I think in the future I will stick with the hotel brands I know and not take a risk with spots like this.
They didn't seem to care about our stay and the issues we experienced. Bed Bugs are a big deal and should be treated as such. I sent the Hotel GM an e-mail and all I got was an auto-generated e-mail response. Here was our experience. Some parts redacted as I'm an investigator and need to remain anonymous. 

Jordan Cxxxxx General Manager Sonesta Hotel Philadelphia

Greetings Mr. Cxxxxxx

I stayed with a colleague of mine at your hotel for four nights last week Sun, Apr 29 - Thu, May 3. Overall, we both felt that your hotel was accommodating; however, I felt compelled to give you a list of things that we felt you might want to address. Xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx. Therefore, we were in and out of the room quite frequently between audits.

On the first evening, we were told by the front desk personnel when inquiring about parking rates that we were safe to park in the street on Sunday until 8 AM Monday. This wasn't the case as we ended up getting a hefty parking fine of $75.00 and a tow sticker on our rental vehicle.

Second, my associate woke up with bug bite marks on his hand that most likely were caused by bed bugs. This was in room number 1122. I called the front desk to ask them to come and inspect the room for bedbugs while we were out performing a xxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx and nobody ever did.

Lastly, on two separate occasions we requested the room to be turned. On the first occasion I telephoned and asked saying we were going out for two hours and if we could have the room turned. It wasn't. Another day, I attempted to call three times to the front desk, but all calls went unanswered. When leaving for our audit, I stopped at the front desk and asked for the room to be turned and was told that it would be. It wasn't. So, I called again saying that we were going to be leaving again for two hours if the room could be turned and was told there was no one available and if we would like some towels. I said I really would prefer the room turned and he said he would do what he could do. The room was turned when we returned.
I stayed here for two nights during a visit to Philly for the National School Board Association conference in March. Sonesta is conveniently located in the mix of everything - a stone's throw from City Hall, directly on bustling Market Street, less than ten minute's walk to Rittenhouse Square and fifteen minutes' walk to Reading Terminal Market. If location is one of your top priorities, the Sonesta Rittenhouse is ideal.

Why three stars? The hotel itself was on the meh side given the price point and the art vibe that I think they were going for. With so many boutique-style hotels trying to achieve an art focus this one fell flat and didn't feel authentic. Throwing a couple of signs up that say "art" doesn't  exactly achieve an art vibe. It wouldn't hurt for the windows to be updated and more soundproof given Philly's love for honking car horns all hours of the day ;)

The room was clean and my final tip would be to invest in newer, more solid mattress covers. We always check beds for bed bugs when we travel and the covers here could use an update. 

Overall, an a-okay experience.
All in all, I was mostly satisfied with my stay.  

Highlights:

1. Lounge access for extra $.  It has continental breakfast in the morning.  Coffee, soft drinks, and bottled water 24/7. You will be given a separate key to access the lounge upon check in.

2. High speed internet.  Yes, you are able to stream 4K content without buffering

3. Going to the 76ers or Eagles game?  No problem!  Go to the city hall Orange line train station.  It's only 7 to 10 min walk from this hotel.  It's only $2.50 one way.  Remember to buy 2 tickets to avoid a long line getting tickets coming back.

4. Room is clean.  Shouldn't they all?

5. Friendly staff.

Improvements:

1.  The steakhouse closes at 11pm.  If you are watching MNF in your room, you don't have much time left when the game is done.  Wish they close later.

2. Where is the swimming pool on the 8th floor?  Didn't see any sign.

3. The continental breakfast could have more hot food.

4. For the nights I stayed, they ran out of regular Keurig pods in the lounge.  Don't ask why I need coffee at night time.

5. Daily local newspaper in the lounge would be nice.

6. Lounge access with the room key without a separate access key would also be nice.
I had a super pleasant stay here during a week-long visit to Philadelphia.

So here's the down and dirty.
1. SUPER friendly staff.  They always say hello, ask how your day was, etc.  I liked it.
2. Hard beds with really nice pillows.  I liked the bed, but I could see how it would be uncomfortable for those used to a very soft sleeping apparatus.
3. Excellent housekeeping.  My room smelled fresh every day and was always nice and tidy.
4. Tiny showers.  FOR REAL.

All in all, not a bad spot.  Great location close to the charming Rittenhouse Square restaurant scene.  I would stay here again in a heartbeat.
Growing up in Nevada, I've seen my share of...interesting establishments where one can lay their head.  There's the high end, there's the low end, and then there's the middle ground.  This hotel was the middle ground. 

While there is certainly an effort to redesign the lobby and restaurant, it still hasn't found its footing.  Is it retro?  Is it classy?  Is it "high" end?  I'm going to go with all and none of the above.

While there were no problems with the cleanliness of the room, it was TINY.  TINY TINY TINY.  The closet could have only held about two pieces of clothing, and I could barely navigate around my bed.  It was roughly the size of a below deck room on the Titanic (RIP).  

I would not recommend staying here, or if you do, make sure your room is big enough for an adult.  Definitely not good for a multiple night stay where you have a lot of change of clothes.
Came here recently for a business trip.  Here are some of my overall pros and cons.

Pros
- Location is good.  It's right smack in the downtown area, making it convenient for folks who need to be close to business meetings and offices in the area.
- It's also not far from 30th street station and the SEPTA station.
- It's relatively close to some decent restaurants, drugstores etc.
- The rooms are fairly clean.

Cons
- Like many other hotels in the area, the rooms are renovated but still retain the small "feel" and the thin walls that can't be altered unless you literally rebuild each floor
- The air conditioning unit was meh and it was hard to find a good balance in terms of room temperature.  In my room it was either stuffy or freezing cold.
- Housekeeping seemed to take a long time each day to reach my room.  Luckily I didn't need to be back in the room mid-day for a nap or extended amount of time, but it's still annoying.

My stay here was definitely better than my previous biz trip to Philly when I had to deal with staying at the lousy Club Quarters a couple of blocks away, but next time I'll probably choose another location with somewhat more comfortable rooms.
My husband and I stayed at the Sonesta because of a wedding block my friend had set up for the weekend. Since we were in town for the wedding, I booked a room here for a few nights.

Overall, the location itself is good. It's in Center City on the border of Rittenhouse and is just a few blocks down from City Hall, Market Street, and about 1 mile from Reading Terminal Market and Chinatown. While the location of the Sonesta is centrally located, if you are here for a weekend like I was, you'll discover that most of the direct area is pretty quiet unless you walk out a few blocks where it's a little busier. If you arrive late at night like we did, you'll find limited options directly outside the hotel late at night. Thankfully the Wawa a block down saved us and was open 24/7.

It's easy to catch a Lyft and hop on septa if you choose but most of the city is pretty walkable. While the price we paid because of the wedding block was reasonable, there were quite a few other reasons I was disappointed with our overall stay:

1. I woke up our first morning from the hotel and realized that there were multiple dried blood stains on the sheets on the bed. I left a note for housekeeping on our way out and they did change 
2. Beds were not comfy at all - you felt like you were sinking into the bed

Pros:

1. Location
2. Room size is pretty large for east coast standards
The Dope:
- Clean, big, organized room + bathroom
- Outdoor pool on 8th floor
- Gym open 24hrs
- Quick front desk workers and helpful guest services + bell men
- Easy to get your car from valet parking
- Tons of bars/restos in 4-block radius

The ill:
- The hotel bar (Art Bar) is tiny and feels like a hodgepodge of different kitschy decor.
- The lobby is meh and small
- The $339 price tag wasn't sexy
- The $46 valet parking price wasn't sexy

I doubt I'll be back as there are waaay cooler hotels for this price.

Luckily, my stay was a business write-off.
Really not a good hotel. 3 stars for 3 stars; this hotel lacks quality service.

The rooms are OK, the gym is nice, and there is a rooftop pool, however the elevators are slower than molasses.

Almost every staff member I encountered was rude. They do not provide bowls or silverware upon first request and the hotel phone was broken the entire time.

 Never have I been in a hotel where maid service refuses to provide service after 6pm.

Do not stay here. Typically the Kimpton Palomar and Westin are similarly priced and will provide you a worlds better experience.
Let me start off by saying this was the worst time iv'e experienced at a hotel.. EVER. 1. the air conditioner BARELY worked. it was 87 degrees outside and we went OUTSIDE to cool off.
 2. There was no life guard on duty at the pool which is ridiculously unsafe, i wasn't even able to relax while my 13 yr old was swimming in the pool. 
3. it was 8pm on a friday night while me and my family were preparing to go out to Ruth Chris steakhouse for dinner, we were playing some music at a moderate volume when we hear a bang on the door and this butch female security guard tells us there is too much noise and if she has to come up here again we'll be sleeping on the street.. in her exact words. mind you again, its 8pm in Center City Philadelphia and we are listening to billy joel at a Normal volume and i say this because it wasnt like we were partying, or playing inappropriate music.. that i would understand. i was soooo appalled at her tone and poor choice of words. it felt like we were being threatened and very disrespected. 
4. we saw her again in the elevator and she gave my family and i the worst look up and down. at this point im completely done with the attitude that this woman has. she made my experience feel like i was in the detention center and she was my parole officer. 
5. as my family and i walk out to stroll Center City we see a HUGE cockroach on the premesis with 3 baby roaches around. it was DISGUSTING. 
im so dissapointed in my experience here id rather take my family to a motel where such bad service is to be expected. i spent 500$ for 2 nights to be threatened and disrespected like i was a child, NEVER returning here AGAIN. 
The Westin is my next choice for when i return.
From start to finish, this was one of the most stressful hotel stays I have ever experienced.

First, my husband reserved a king size deluxe room. I got there a day before him so, when I checked in and was given a small queen room, I thought perhaps he had ended up choosing a different room. He arrived after me and was pissed about it, so the next time I was walking by the front desk I stopped to ask the guy about it.

He looked on the computer, said we had only paid for a small queen room. He also insisted that there were no king size deluxe rooms available. I told him we would check the reservation and get back to him. I went upstairs to and we checked and we were pretty annoyed after double checking his reservation email and confirming that he did pay for a king deluxe. So, husband went downstairs to sort it out.

At first the guy at the front desk starting giving my husband the same bullshit and trying to tell him he didn't have a king deluxe available. But somehow my husband sorted it out and we got moved to the king deluxe. I can't help but wonder if perhaps the front desk guy felt that he could intimidate me because I'm a small woman. Hmmm strange how the problem got fixed after my husband did the talking.

Because of all the drama that had already happened, I didn't feel comfortable to also tell the staff that BOTH room bathrooms that we encountered were dirty. Specifically, curly hairs in the bath tub. We just rinsed it out and dealt with it until they came the next day to clean (they did a good job at this time). And, the little coffee maker in both rooms was for some reason missing the brew basket - but we only made tea so it was still usable. Also the walls are thin, you WILL hear people moaning, groaning, laughing, coughing, being drunk. Not much they can do about that, though.

As far as the staff, there are only two kinds of people who work here: people who are extremely nice and provide excellent, attentive service, and the people who it seemed were just messing with us for no reason (such as front desk guy and one person from housekeeping).

On the last day there, the entire hotel was woken at 6am by a piercing fire alarm. It was so extremely stressful I became super nauseous. The alarm went off for a solid 20 minutes, but it said "do not evacuate, wait for confirmation of emergency" or something like that so we didn't leave. I called the front desk and they said there was no emergency but they couldn't shut it off until the fire department came. I saw this mentioned in other reviews so I think this is a common occurrence? I mean holy hell I would have gladly paid double at a different hotel to not have to go through all that.

Even that could be like oh, accidents happen, but the next morning we had a late checkout because we actually wanted to get some sleep after being totally riled up by 20 minutes of unsilenceable shrieking alarms in our ears. And the housekeeper kept banging on the door! Even though we had it locked and clearly needed more time. I went to go ask her to stop and she said "Well I have to clean this room RIGHT NOW." That was a very sour end to our stay, my husband had to call the front desk to get them to ask her to back off us. I mean, maybe she didn't know that we had all been screeched at early in the AM, but it was still just too much to deal with after all the other stuff.

The location is good (right by City Hall) and the price is right (IF you can get them to give you what you paid for). But I probably won't stay here again.
Our stay was definitely a great one with no complaints. We booked a room with parking included so we had no qualms about the pricing and our rooms were so clean which is to be expected but most hotels have that problem. 

From the moment we pulled the car in for valet we received smiles and welcomes from everyone we met. The person at the front desk let us know we were an hour early for check in but did take down our number to give us a call once our room was ready and even let us check our bags into a room so we could roam the city. 

The bellman (Mervyn) was really sweet and funny. He kept us laughing every time we walked through the lobby. 

All in all, the room was clean, the customer service was great and our trip was worth it. 

The hotel is also located in Rittenhouse Square which is one of my favorite areas of downtown Philly. There are so many shops and cute restaurants to frequent. 

We would definitely return to this hotel for our next trip back to Philly.
I was really surprised by the poor reviews Sonesta received and rather glad I only saw them after my stay.  (If I'd read them before my stay, I probably wouldn't have stayed here)  At any rate, I stayed here twice - once in late November, the second time earlier this month - b/c of job interviews in Philly.  Well, ok, to be more specific, b/c there was a Groupon for $119/night.  The $119 isn't too impressive in terms of a discount but what caught my attention was that the Groupon included the cost of parking.  The cost of parking.  Included.  Mull that over.  City parking at a hotel lot always costs an arm and a leg and being eager to preserve both my arm and my leg, I bought the Groupon and booked my stays.

Pros:
-As other Yelpers have mentioned, naturally, location
-Other reviews mention that the rooms are old and dated and I don't know if I just have low standards or what, but I was very satisfied with my room.  It was spacious, had an easy chair and Ottoman and a nice desk area.  The comforter appeared clean and was comfortable.  The pillows were large and too fluffy but I always find hotel pillows too fluffy for my liking.
-Executive Lounge privileges - plus, it's FREE to get these privileges (see bottom for detail) 
-Wifi was fast and I had no problems with it
-During your stay, you get complimentary access to the Philadelphia Sports Club right across the street - and the PSC's fitness classes.  This is something they didn't tell me when I checked in but the website mentions it and I do my research before traveling.  I went over to the PSC and confirmed it but sadly, I ran out of time and wasn't able to make use of this but it's something to be aware of if you'll be here for a few days, though the hotel has their own fitness room upstairs on the 8th floor, close to the Executive Lounge.

Cons:
-Valet parking only and it is expensive.  I peeked at the sign - it's like $42 for 24 hrs even if you're a hotel guest!   (I think it was $46 if you're not a guest.)  Boy, was I glad for my Groupon-that-included-parking!
-The bathroom is pretty tiny so how I guess I coped with that is by keeping the door open (since I was traveling alone)
-No mini-fridge or microwave in the room
-Complimentary breakfast if you do the Executive Lounge (see below) starts at 6:30 AM on weekdays.  Unfortunately, I had an early start both mornings for my interviews so I couldn't take advantage of the breakfast.  If it had started at 6:00, that would have worked much better for me.

TIP for the traveler: DO take advantage of their Executive Lounge!  The first time I stayed here, the front desk guy asked me if I wanted complimentary breakfast.  Complimentary what??  That was certainly not something the website mentioned.   nor something I expected.  Naturally, I wanted to find out how to get access for it without shelling out a lot of $$ but he said all you have to do is provide your email and sign up for Travel Pass (kind of like their "frequent flyer" program).  It's like signing up for CVS rewards - free, and no strings attached.  So I signed up and then you get access to the Lounge on the 8th floor.  It has hors d'oeuvres and even complimentary wine or beer in the evening and free breakfast in the morning.  I took advantage of the evening offerings both times I stayed here, and it was great.  I usually got fruit just to make sure I was getting adequate fiber intake during my stay, and the second time they even had strawberry yellow cake.  It was a little sweet for me but whatever.  Even during the non-evening and non-breakfast hours, there is bottled water, juice, and snacks like bags of pretzels or trail mix.  

The second time I stayed here, again with the Groupon and again for an interview, I noticed that my room had some nicer amenities.  The ones from my previous stay were definitely adequate - even something for polishing one's shoes - but this time, the lotions, shampoos, and shower gels were in a really nice-looking perfume-like bottle (see picture) and the dish holding all that stuff was nicer too.  
My room also had a bottle of complimentary Fiji water, a bathrobe, and slippers!  All for signing up for this Travel Pass thing.  

I wouldn't necessarily be able to stay here again since I only got two of the Groupons and I refuse to pay $40-something bucks for parking but I was very satisfied with my stay here.
Centrally located, this is a convenient transient business hotel. It is not luxurious; On the contrary, it is a tired property with worn carpets and old bathrooms. They don't provide bottled water in the rooms. Saving grace is that they have an attached garage with valet parking. I definitely would never stay here fo personal travel, only business.
Make sure you check your receipts when you checkout.  If they email you a copy, wait for the copy and check!

When I looked at my receipt, to my surprise, I found a diner charge!  Apparently some other guests put down my room number!  0 stars for that!  How could they let that happen?

I called the front desk, they tried to look into it.  After 2 hours, I still haven't heard from them.  When I went back to the hotel to pick up my luggage, I checked with the front desk again.  This time they were able to resolve it in 30 min or so.  They sent me the updated receipt while I was in a Taxi rid to the airport.  +1 star for the in-person experience.

During my stay, I found some dirty stains on one of the supposedly clean towels.  Not a deal breaker since there are many towels, but they should pay more attention to the cleanliness of the towels.  And, you've gotta wonder if there are stains on the towels that you can't see.
Where do I start?
I took my son on a mother/son trip for 3 nights in April.  He's 11.  We live in the suburbs but wanted to sightsee around Philadelphia a bit and also enjoy staying in a hotel and getting room service.

Here's an example of the bad, and it's my biggest complaint.  Room appeared fine and clear from afar (the door)  Once we were in the room and started to get settled, it was actually my son who first noticed stray hairs on his pillowcases.  He was visibly shaken up or grossed out, however you want to describe it.  I then found the remote control which had something gooey all over it.  I didn't tell my son b/c I didn't want to make it worse but it make me feel like I was going to puke!  After I cleaned out the remote I wiped the bedside table with a wet rag just for the heck of it.  It was brown.  Needless to say, I didn't eat that night.

Another problem was when we would leave to go out during the day it was usually after 1PM and our room wasn't made up.  I called housekeeping to ask them to make up our room while we were gone and they assured me they would.  We'd get back around 6PM.  Our room hadn't been touched.  All we wanted was for them to make our beds,  tidy up the bathroom, and give us fresh towels.  We called housekeeping again with no luck.  Downstairs we went, and complained to the manager at the front desk.  He was so rude!  There were 2 men working on either side of him and both were very polite.  Not this guy though.  He finally gave us a few vouchers for the BAR.  I don't drink and my 11 year old was with me.  I made it known how unsatisfied I was and they did nothing to rectify the situation.

The only good we experienced at this hotel was it's location and we got a pretty good deal on the room, but it was still almost $200/night.
Oh!!  The valet guys were super nice, all of them.  They were so friendly to my son.  So location and nice valet men.....that's their 2 strong suits.  

My advice is to go somewhere else.
I had a very pleasant stay this hotel during my recent stay. I stayed here for 2 days. The check in process was very easy and simple. The staff who helped me check in was very friendly and accommodating. Since there was a large number of students staying during my stay , I asked for a quite room and she helped me out with that. She also accommodated  me for late check in and upgraded me to an executive suite.

The hotel has a restaurant and a cafe indoors. My room was really nice with all the basic amenities. It was clean and spacious for a short stay. The hotel is not very fancy but it does serve the purpose for business travelers.

Overall the staff was helpful and considering the location this is a very good hotel to stay. I will stay here again during my future visits.
Not bad, but not great. I stayed here during a weekend trip to Philly - the location was great - just outside the nice parts of town (Rittenhouse Square, etc.) and close to all kinds of public transit, which is why I picked the Sonesta in the first place. It was also one of the cheaper options in the area I wanted - so far, so good. 

HOWEVER. 

They neglected to mention anywhere on their website or on Hotels.com that there was serious construction going on in the building. Everything was closed off, there was no lobby to speak of, temporary walls everywhere...you get the idea. I was told to make sure my blackout curtains were closed during the day, because workers might see inside the rooms. It wasn't enough to justify switching hotels, in my case (I was running around all day and basically only came home to sleep) but the price should have been MUCH lower considering the circumstances and I felt misled by the information available when I was booking. I'm sure when everything's finished, it will be a perfectly acceptable place to stay in Philly. Until then...eh.
Yeah, it was kind of on the pricy side, but everything we wanted to do ended up being within walking distance of the hotel. I would warn you not to park in the hotel parking garage, because it you drive around for just a minute, you can find garages that are at least $10 less than the hotel garage. 

Our room was comfortable and clean, with a nice shower, mini fridge, and view of the city. We didn't take advantage of the hotel bar, pool, or fitness center so I can't speak to those. Our room was always nice and clean when we came back in the afternoons, which was impressive, because we treated it like pigs in a sty. 

The beds were nice and comfortable, and the staff was really friendly. My only complaint is that the AC didn't get nearly as cool as I would've liked. We had it set at 65, and it was still probably closer to 70 in the room. Other than that, it was a really pleasant experience.
Parking is pricey. Valet is $38 for 24 hours. Booked it on Expedia for $120 per night July 4th-6th. What a deal! The front desk attendants were friendly. To the far left are the elevators to the rooms, with the decor of red,white and black colors. 

Had a room on the 24th floor. The bedroom was clean and bathroom was spacious. Not sure why ppl said it was tiny... I had only one bed and a comfy sofa. The mattress is a  comfy Serta mattress with comfy fluffy pillows that suck my head in. Thank god i had a small refrigerator in the room. I really liked the layout of the room.

The view from my window was only of a building. Anyways, not here for the view. 
8th floor is the best bc there's the rooftop pool and the executive club lounge with complimentary breakfast, drinks, & snacks. Just check the hours bc they have a time
schedule. 

They are still doing renovations in the building. 8th floor is a mess, but its fine because from the pool, you can spot the boys working out in the gym. I had a nice time here. Very close to City hall and love park. Would definitely stay here again.

Minus one star bc I got intimidated by a scary looking security guy who just grilled me by the elevator. Not even a smile. Also, the toilet paper was in an awkward position where you have to twist your whole body around to get it.
This hotel should honestly be ashamed of itself. $750 a night standard rate in a hotel with an entire floor dedicated to conferences rooms, therefore creating the illusion that it's geared toward business and productivity. However, good luck doing anything productive outside of those conferences rooms. Apparently gouging their customers at rates of $750+ a night isn't sufficient income to provide those customers with a reliable internet connect, a slow internet connect, any internet connection at all really. After failures to even join the network, being kicked from said network on the off chance my device miraculously did connect, and a continued failure to even load Google. I instead chose to stare at my four walls, which were relatively close in the guesstimated 350 square feet in which I was provided, and instead just imagined the work I could be getting done at a local Starbucks. At least they've figured out how to overcharge their customers AND provide reliable internet. Go get a latte Sonesta and take notes.
I haven't even been in the hotel for three hours and I have been traveling since 6 o'clock this morning from the West Coast. I am starving! I tried to call the in room dining services and was met with a voicemail from the concierge desk.  I then proceeded to call guest services and they told me that the person who takes care of ordering must be up in a room. I patiently waited 15 minutes for somebody to call me as the front desk person told me they would. nobody ever called. I got on the elevator, went to the front desk and then they told me they just tried to call you a few times, so I went back to my room and nobody has called yet. I literally have not eaten since 6 o'clock this morning, have a headache and I'm not feeling very well. I have to be honest I'm highly disappointed so far! As soon as I finished writing this they called and I have already ordered from a restaurant locally for delivery.

Now I can't access the Internet and ..... maybe IT can reboot my system??? Let's see if they go above and beyond and just get a new code for me...  doubt it.
Spent a night at Sonesta for my first visit to Philly with my family. The stay was fine. Upon checkout is when my husband noticed that we were charged for the room, despite having paid for it already through Orbitz. I contacted the hotel, and was told a refund has been issued. I was emailed a statement pertaining this transaction. Today I checked my online banking statement, to see if the refund was there, and it wasn't. I called my bank, and the rep said no refund was issued or pending. I have opened a dispute for the charge. Make sure you check with front desk that the room is prepaid because clearly the staff isn't doing it.

Edit: Jordan C, that's great and all but I'm still short the cost of the room since no one in accounts is answering my calls and I haven't gotten a call back after leaving a message.
Overall I had a nice stay at the Sonesta. It is conveniently located, within walking distance of many businesses, restaurants and historical locations.

The entire staff I encountered was very pleasant and professional. The front desk was top notch, and Yolanda from housekeeping was very polite and professional. 

My only complaint was the business center. It was filthy. They keyboards made me want to douse myself with Purell. Also, color printers would be nice. 
You have a nice hotel, but clean up that business center. Stock it with a stapler, pens, etc.
Seeing the low number of stars on Yelp I was a little nervous about staying at the Sonesta when a friend booked a night for a girls day/night out. As soon as I walked in I let out a sigh of relief. We were greeted with all smiles, from the valet to the bellman. The Lobby smelled wonderful with very clean modern decor! The rooms were equally clean. The bed and pillows were all super comfortable. Plenty of outlet and usb for changing. There was a mini-fridge and safe in the room. The bathroom was a decent size with plenty of shampoo, conditioner and soaps. 
There are lot of good restaurants and bars within a walking distance from the hotel. There is a bar in the lobby and a Ruth's Chris attached to the hotel. 
I will definitely stay in Sonesta Hotel if I am ever back in Philly.
First the good. Nice lobby, the hotel is connected to a Ruth Chris in the lobby. The staff are friendly. The rooms are large, clean and nicely decorated.

Now the bad. Noisy! Very Noisy. Even on the 21st floor there was traffic noise all night. We could hear our neighbors clearly and loudly. Another guest in the hotel said he had a hard time sleeping also because of the noise. Besides the thin walls and traffic, had to unplug the refrigerator which was inside a metal cabinet creating a noisy sound chamber, it sounded like a machine gun. Flushing toilets and showers from other guests created loud noises emanating from our bathroom.

Called housekeeping to see if they had a robe... they said they'd call back... never did.

I left clothes in a drawer after we checked out. Called the hotel and was told I needed to talk to security, transferred to security who said that he needed to transfer me to housekeeping and when he transferred me the phone disconnected. 15 minutes wasted on the phone.

Call the hotel back, put on hold for 5 minutes and when someone answered they told me they would forward me to security, than said to call back security wasn't available. Tired of the run-around, I told them to take my name, room number, and that I would stop by to pick up my clothes in a few hours.

When I got to the hotel, I was told I had to talk to security. Security wasn't available, I should wait. I waited 10 minutes and asked again, and I was told that Security is helping this gentleman who is in the lobby and So I waited with him for the security guy to show up. 20 minutes later Security shows and delivers boxes to the gentleman and then offers to take the boxes up to the gentleman's room. I ask if a bellman could do that, so security could help me. A bellman offers to bring the boxes up but security decides he's a bellman and says no.

Now I've been here 30 minutes with a car waiting to take me to a train I'm going to miss. I talk to the front desk and the manager tells me I have to wait. I ask her to send the stuff to my home and she tells me I'd have to pay for shipping? Seriously? After all this wasted time? After all this frustration? Than the manager walks off.

After 40 minutes I get my clothes. Why is there only 1 busy person in a hotel who can help a former customer? Marriott, Hilton, Hyatts.... real hotel management companies know how to manage the customer experience. The don't have a single point of failure.

Never Again! I'd stay in a Trump hotel before I ever stay in a Sonesta and I'd break the law and get a room in jail before I have to spend a night in a Trump hotel.
Took a girls trip down to Philly with 6 of us in total. We bought 2 rooms with 2 queen beds for one night. 

Pros:
-For a one night stay the price was very reasonable.
-The staff was extremely accommodating and very nice.
- although we didn't use them the hotel had a bar, a steakhouse, a pool, and a gym
-close to city hall

CONS:
-we did have to travel by Uber for all of our bars (which really was probably our fault for not checking
-parking was $45 valet only (which was the CHEAP rate!!!)

SIDE NOTE:
after going out at night (we got back to the hotel around 2:30 am) there was a RAT running around our floor. We watched it multiple times go in and out of rooms through the bottom of their doors. We called the front desk and they told us there was nothing we could do so at that point we had put towels all along the bottom of the doors to make SURE it wouldn't come in. The next morning while checking out we did make the front desk aware again and we did receive 50% off our stay. The front desk was incredibly sincere and professional about the entire situation.
Pros: Location, Location of Parking Garage, Friendly Staff & Valet, and nice photos on the website.

Cons: The elevators - The building is old and there is one set of elevators.  There are four elevators total and this hotel should have at least eight.  The rooms start on the 8th floor and go up from there.  Our room was on the 9th floor.  Every time we had to get to the lobby or up to our room, we had an extensive wait.  We stayed an entire weekend and going downstairs to the lobby on that Saturday was the worst.  We had five packed elevators go by before we decided to take the stairs down.  The stairs were not safe, not well lit, and when traveling with young children, it's not very practical.  My family and another family that was waiting had to take the stairs to the lobby and the stairs lead to the street, not to the lobby of the hotel. I found this to be unacceptable for a supposed 4 star hotel.  It's really a 2 and a half star hotel but you pay for a 4 star price.

The pool - It looked nice on the photos but on a hot summer day, the pool was packed and not very family friendly.  It's akin to something you would find at a fancy Miami hotel that caters to singles.

The noise - You can hear the noise from the hallways and you can hear the housekeepers in the morning.

Overall, you are paying for the location of this hotel.  It is chic but the elevators there are a problem. I can only imagine if one goes out of service, how much longer the lines would have been to go up or down at this hotel.  Booking directly with the hotel allowed us to park for free, a very nice perk!
3 star hotel at best.  You can't beat the location but the rooms are tiny and dated!  Sheets are funky and old!! Expect a $50 parking fee too! As if the parking fee were not hefty enough there is also a $250 incidental hold on card too.  Pretty ridiculous when some places charge a $50 hold which is much more reasonable.  Bathroom is somewhat updated but expect dust bunnies in the corners! Thank goodness we always travel with cleaning products & Clorox wipes! We will not stay here again!!There are better options that are more spacious and updated.
More of a 3.5 star experience but I am bumping it up because of the location. On the corner of 18th and Market, it is right smack in the middle of the city. This makes it really convenient to get to and their valet parking option is one of the cheaper options amongst other hotels. There are also plenty of parking garages around. 

I've stayed in different kinds of rooms in my stays here - so I think your experience will vary depending on the rooms you get. Either way, my experiences here have been positive. The front desk folks are nice, not the best I've experienced but not the worst. Pass some glass doors to your right and that's where you can valet park. 

Whether it's a smaller room or larger suite, I have found the rooms to be clean and comfortable with all the basics of a hotel room. Next to the hotel is their bar - ArtBar but being in this prime location, your options for bars, dining, and shopping are aplenty, so go explore. If needed, I would definitely consider Sonesta again as an option.

*Note - no pups allowed.
My husband found a great rate at Sonesta for our spring trip to Philly and I think it was an excellent choice.

For starters the location is central - only a few blocks from city hall and multiple transit choices, easy to walk, bus or train to Old City and other choice attractions. Market St is kind of businessy, but a few blocks north or south and you'll find plenty of restaurants, bars and shops.

The Sonesta has clearly undergone a recent renovation and our room looked pretty new. We had a king bed and a comfy couch. Flat panel TV, nice bathroom, and tons of outlets, which is key. Even USB ports on the clock. There was also a mini fridge and small coffeemaker.

The bed was firm but not crazy hard and I dig the pillows. I'm picky about pillows.

The hotel staff was all very friendly and the lobby bar/restaurant is decently priced. We had drinks one night and breakfast one morning -- it's not cheap, per se, but I feel like it's comparable to most of the other quick serve places nearby. The WiFi was pretty good too. You can get upgraded for free if you join their rewards program.

One minor quibble, we were on the 11th floor and the ice machine was on the 10th or 12th. If this is important to you, you might want to ask to be put on a floor with one.

I'd definitely stay here again, and I'd definitely give another Sonesta in a different city a try.
We were here for a meeting.  Fire alarms during the night.  Power outages and emergency power  and very few bathrooms in the meeting area.
I was coming to Philly for a weekend to celebrate my boyfriends birthday and booked this hotel. I love the location its walking distance to a lot of good bars and restaurants. 
We got here on a Friday afternoon and there was a line to check in however I was very happy that the line moved quickly and within 10 minutes we had the keys to our room. We got a room on the 8th floor which at first I was a little iffy about it since that's the same floor as the pool but we had no issues at all with noise.
The room was nice and clean and had everything we needed for our stay, really loved the mini fridge.
The bathroom was stocked with body lotion, body wash, shampoo and conditioner. Usually I don't use what the hotel provides since I like my own however this stuff was really good quality and I didn't open my toiletry bag.
I did go to the pool one day and its a cool pool with plenty of lounge chairs to relax and take in some sun. I didn't actually go into the pool since the water was pretty cold.
They have a cool bar downstairs which I got to enjoy, drinks were well made and the food was pretty decent.
I will really consider staying here on my next Philly trip.
Staying here now annnnnnnd:

F*CK THIS PLACE.

The room's fine, if worn (apparently they're rebranding and redoing everything but for now this is some straight-up early 90's hotel action). Location's great. The staff can get f*cked sideways though. After a long-assed drive accross Pennsylvania to get here, and dealing with unfamiliar Philly traffic during downtown rush hour, the last thing I or my wife should have to deal with is a pile of sh*tty attitude from the front desk staff. 

We're nice people. We travel a lot, and giving the benefit of the doubt is our modus operandi. Sh*t happens, we realize that. But... how someone approaches sh*t when it happens is entirely up to them.

For one, confirm the room type we ordered. We shouldn't have to get to our room to realize you got it wrong. For two, the bellhop sent up to deliver keys to the right room (one of which, of course, didn't work) could at least offer to help with the abundance of bags instead of just handing over the keys and walking away. We tip, we're not animals. 

Most importantly, when my wife asks for directions to a parking garage, don't give her blatantly wrong ones and THEN give her attitude when she comes back and tells you that you should probably figure out the correct ones before giving them to more unsuspecting travelers. And THEN when, since she doesn't live here and is stressed out enough, can't describe the right directions to your satisfaction, don't you DARE start giving her grief about how she's not helping YOU.

My wife doesn't work here. Learn your own goddamned job. 

It just really puts a crappy spin on the start of a visit to a new city when you encounter crap like this. I've had less attitude tossed at me in boutique hotels on Manhattan. Not knowing one's way around and relying on hotel staff for directions shouldn't be treated like an imposition by a hotel concierge, for Christ's sake.
I've stayed at Sonesta probably about 3-4 times in the past two years. Once before they renovated and the rest were after the renovation. The lobby and the whole first floor had a huge update with a more modern look. The front-desk staff are very friendly and the check-in/check-out process is quick and smooth. The rooms are spacious, clean and they all include a mini-fridge, which is always a plus.  

We like staying here because of the value and location. We've actually used groupon deals on two of our stays here and the other times, they have fairly reasonable deals on their website (some of which include a parking deal, which is usually a must for us especially when city parking can be $40+ per day). The hotel is centrally located and is just a few blocks and minutes walk away from restaurants and bars. 

All my stays have only been overnight so I have not taken advantage of their gym and pool, but those amenities are available. There is also an adjacent parking deck to the hotel so you don't need to worry about where they're bringing your car (we've stayed at Palomar in Philly and I have no idea where their parking deck/garage/lot is). We've only had a problem once with the parking garage when it took a really long time for cars to come down (but I think there was only one person working there at the time) perhaps since it was on a Monday at noon. 

I definitely recommend this hotel and will come stay here again.
The room was clean and building is nice looking.  Unfortunately, numerous of issues were had that made it am awful experience.  These people are NOT nice or accommodating and the level of sass was extraordinary.

First and last sonesta experience for my group.
While the beds are comfortable and clean that's about where the niceties stop. The Sonesta Hotel failed to realize during construction that when people stay in a hotel they're not interested in hearing the people sneeze in the room next door and every passerby's voice on the street.  Are these walls and windows made of paper?! Also, the room service speed and food quality is the poorest I've experienced in Philadelphia.

If square footage of your room is something you are concerned about on the cheap then Sonesta might be the hotel for you. If getting a good nights rest is more important then you may be better off at Club Quarters. Their rooms, bathroom, and amenities are smaller, but at least it's quiet. If dollars and cents are not necessarily of concern I would recommend the Palomar Hotel. Congrats Club Quarters. Sonesta is now my last option for future stays.
Pros: location, strong AC
Cons: the staff is pretty unhelpful and unaccommodating. We upgraded our room for use of the executive lounge, only to discover that it's only open M-F (and we were here for the weekend only). I thought that they should have adjusted our rate in this case, but they said 'no'. Any other place I've stayed, I've always been able to use the accommodations, after checkout time, until my flight, etc., but here they won't allow it. 

Bottom line is that this is a "budget" hotel that doesn't care about customer service. Everything is less nice than how it's presented online, but it is very conveniently located.
Had a great stay at the Sonesta Philadelphia. What a wonderful hotel!  Thanks for the wonderful hospitality and incredible room service. 

Fantastic service from very attentive staff. Great location, perfectly located to 30th street station and all area attractions. Great place to stay and take the subway to all the arenas. Took in a 76ers game and was at the Wells Fargo center in less than a 1/2 hour by taking the subway after leaving the hotel.
Sonesta is a good mid range hotel. I picked it mostly because of the location. We walking distance to Rittenhouse park, good restaurants, and other attractions. They do have a valet garage. The lobby is well decorated and looks modern, but the rooms were kind of old appearing. It was decent for an overnight stay in the city. The staff at check was wonderful and polite. The service in the bar could have been better. No one seemed like they really wanted to be at work that day. Overall, I would definitely recommend this place for the location. But if you are looking for luxury you may want to check out some other places.
Stayed her a little over a year ago before moving to the city. Room was nice but check-in process was a disaster and so was trying to get the room service off my bill left from the previous guest. Staff was rude and did nothing to apologize for their mistakes.
I love it here. Location, Location Location. It's in a great place to unwind, dine and take on some of the adventures in Philly. Even the restaurants connected are primo for any meal. 

I'm always treated much better here than most other hotels. I've stayed in the suite, which is very large and has a pull out bed and two bathrooms. I've also stayed in a double that is sizable to any chain hotel. There is a rooftop bar, club lounge for VIP, hotel parking ($) and wonderful room service ($).
I stayed here for my birthday with some friends last month and it was ok? I work in the area so I knew it was under construction but the location just can't be beat so I decided to give it a try anyways. While there was no construction noise while we were there, I'm assuming because it was the weekend, the atmosphere of the hotel itself was greatly affected. 

The rooms were exactly what I expected, a bit older and rundown but I'm guessing they will be really nice after they are done remodeling. One major complaint is that one of the rooms which was listed as a non-smoking room had a very strong, distinct smell of stale ciggerettes and smoke. This was annoying and I actually ended up spending more time in my friends room than my own because of it. Also there are no firdges in the rooms (we brough a cooler and made the best of it) and the bathrooms are TINNNNNY. Also, the restuarant connected to the hotel closed in March so you do have to leave the property to find food/drink. 

One thing I have to say is that the staff are exemplary and went out of their way to ensure I had a great time. From getting me and my friends adjoining rooms to sending a complimentary bottle of wine and a birthday card to my room right after check in- it was such a pleasant experience dealing with the staff from check in until the moment we left. 

Overall not a bad hotel if you can get a good price, you really can't find a better location and the staff really make up for a lot of the cosmetic shortcomings. Just don't expect anything modern or updated until after they finish the renovations. I can't wait to see what it looks like when everything is done!
Stayed here over the weekend while we were in town for the S.E.E.D. Festival. Hotels.com gave this hotel a 4 star rating. I have no idea why I didn't check Yelp, but I sure wish I did. 

Upon arriving at 2:30pm we were told that our room wasn't ready. Guaranteed check in is at 4pm...FYI. Not sure why check in is so late. We left our bags and went to eat nearby. The front desk told u they would call at 4pm. 4pm came and went. We finally went back after 4pm since we had dinner reservations for 5pm and still needed to get ready. The front desk got right on our reservation and got us a room. Whew!

As we walked to the elevators, we noticed a stain on the lobby couch. Gross. We went up to our room and it just felt like a low class, $100/night room. The light switch cover fell off the wall when we turned on the light. The carpet felt so dirty that I wore my shoes the whole time. 

The pool was gross. The lounge chairs had bird poop on them. Overall, we were really disappointed with our stay at this hotel. It is definitely not worth the rate.
My favorite part of our stay was the roof top pool, although I'm surprised it wasn't heated. We stayed one night in a suite. It was huge! 2 bathrooms, a sitting area, 2 large TVs but there were small issues. Both refrigerators we couldn't get to work once plugged in and turned on, there was NO regular coffee in the room! There were 2 coffee makers with decaf and tea. Bathrooms were super clean but a huge crack in one of the bathroom ceiling. Also maid knocked on door and INSISTED on entering the room to change our menus, even after we said not right now please! It was very awkward! And you cannot call ahead to have your car waiting in valet! You have to walk down, ask and wait!
Prior to stay, was a little anxious based on some of the reviews I've read. Checking in was a breeze, though front desk is not entirely friendly but that was our only interaction anyway so I didn't care much.  Room was up on 24th floor, pretty quiet with no street noise. Room service is efficient.  Location is perfect!  On some photos the TV is still the jurassic tube model, luckily ours was updated. The robes & daily complimentary water is nice. Toiletries (bvlgari) has a nice scent to it.  Now to where they lost star points. Bathrooms were the tiniest I've ever encountered. Warning, close the toilet seat as the towels could dip in there while drying. Esp if you have kids, big towels & short in height don't go too well. Everything else is good. On our last night, on my pillow is a little crawler... ewww.   Took me a while to sleep coz all I can think of is how to protect my ears.  Needs updating as some wallpaper is peeling here & there or water stains in some areas.  I came with lowered expectations so I guess that is why I could let other details go.  Purchased through company perks travel website and got a great deal on price.  Sure I'll stay here again, BUT not at rack rate.
Let me first off by saying the people who park your car for you are rude and beyond lazy even when you are very nice to them. They charged me and friends for a 3rs car when we only had two and we had a special package that only came out to $500 but they charged us $700 which is unacceptable. They had us under the wrong package and couldnt even explain where they extra charges came from. You have to request a microwave for the room which i think is ridiculous because even a one star MOTEL offers a microwave. The only nice thing i can say is that the room was nice and everyone else besides the vallet people were nice. I wouldnt even go to another location and this was my first experience with them .
My friends and I were so excited to stay at the Sonesta Hotel for our short weekend. Everything was great until housekeeping and bellhop services disappointed us. 

Our first full day, my friends and I explored the city then returned to the hotel around 2-3PM and housekeeping failed to clean our room. But hey, it happens... not often but it happens. So we called "Guest Services" and requested housekeeping. We waited over an hour and still nothing.  We waited so long we actually fell asleep. Then we called again to speak with the manager about the issue and housekeeping finally arrived around 5PM. That caused us to lose a few hours during our very short stay because we wanted to ensure our room gets cleaned... which guests shouldn't have to do.

On the day we left (which was the next morning,) we requested bellhop because we had some heavy luggage that us girls wouldn't be able to carry down all by ourselves. When the bellman finally arrived at our door, he was not very pleasant nor did he come into the room to help grab our luggage. Instead, my friends and I ended up passing down our luggage like an assembly line to the bellman.

We got downstairs and it was time to get our car from valet. My friend clearly requested nicely to the bellman to leave the cart in the valet waiting area because it would make our lives much easier (and because it makes sense?!) Instead, the bellman totally ignores our request and unloaded our cart in the front lobby without asking us if we needed further assistance. Of course we still tipped him because we're nice people. 

Sonesta Hotel is beautiful but the guest services were not up to par. We paid good money and looked forward to exceptional customer service. We wanted the "experience." The beautiful warm dcor of our room did not match the service. It was "cold" and not what we expected from the "City of Brotherly Love." We will not be coming back. Thank you.
After seeing all of their pictures online, I was very excited to book my 3 day stay at the Sonesta for my son's 3rd birthday. 

Upon arrival, the hotel is located in a very convenient area. Lots of restaurants and stores to buy things that you may need or want during your stay. Anyway, as we arrived at the hotel, there was a parking garage attached next to it. Assuming this was their valet parking, we pulled in. I had no clue what to do after that because no attendants came over to help, or ask if we were stay at the hotel. There were no further instructions as to what we were supposed to do. My boyfriend stayed outside with the car while I lugged some bags inside along with my 3 year old next to me. 

When we were finally got to the front of the line, there was a small plaque on the desk and it basically notifies you that aside from your room fees, a $250 security deposit will also be needed. If paying with a card, the funds will be held until check out. I WAS SPECIFICALLY TOLD THERE WERE NO SECURITY DEPOSITS WHEN I CALLED PRIOR TO BOOKING THE HOTEL! Luckily I had the money, but it still put a hinder on my spending funds. It was about 3:15 PM then. Granted, I knew that check-in is at 4 PM, but I was hoping there would be a room already available. There weren't any. No problem. Now here is where things start to annoy me. We waited for about an hour or so, 4pm came and went. 15 minutes later, still no phone call. I decided to check in with the front desk and see if there were any updates. A different lady at the desk checked my info into the computer and said "oh yes. your room has been ready for awhile now." WHAT?! At this point I just wanted to go upstairs and lay down.

We make our way upstairs and as I finally get inside our room, I notice there are quite a few noticeable stains on the bed sheets. I immediately call guest services and explained the findings. The lady on the phone was trying her best to be accomodating and said she would send up someone to change the sheets as well as some vouchers for food for their ArtBar downstairs. When the room service lady finally came to see what the issue was, she immediately gave a disclaimer and said they have been having some problems with the laundry lately.

Another thing I would suggest to management is to shave down the sides of the bench in the rooms. The edges are way too sharp for a toddler running around, and even for an adult. My boyfriend and my son both cut themselves on the furniture corner. Not cool.

On our last day here, we decided to use the vouchers at the ArtBar and expected a somewhat decent experience. Nope. Iced coffee was tasteless. My boyfriend ordered a Lobster and Shrimp roll which he said was okay & fries. I ordered the chicken tenders and fries and what I recieved was 3 rubbery, dry and stale pieces of chicken. If I didn't have the vouchers, I would be pretty pissed paying for this sorry excuse of a meal. The tables were sticky from previous guests and we were even given napkins. Definitely would rather grab breakfast/lunch from WaWa instead.

Aside from that, the hotel itself seems very nice from the outside. Even the rooms are pretty decent and it's located in a very conveninent location.

I want to come back and give Sonesta another chance to redeem themselves because I can see potential, but for the prices they charge you, I don't think that will be happening.
Well located to visit Philly, walking distance to the main attractions, shops and restaurants, I had a very nice stay and warmly recommend this hotel. It offers nice rooms with confy beds, everything was clean. It was quiet at night and the staff very nice and accomodating. We used the valet parking and paid $42 for the entire weekend. Also there is a very nice and affordable cafe at the ground floor and soon a steakhouse. I would have given 5 stars but 2 elevators were not working and we had a long wait in the morning plus our room alarm clock rang at 5am in the morning! Alarm clocks should really be checked when cleaning the room!
The pros: good size room, clean room, decent bathroom, comfortable bed, good location. 

The cons: loud! We could hear everyone in the hallway talking, and the doors to the rooms slam shut, so every time someone leaves or comes back, your hear it. The lobby was super tiny. Unlike other hotels, there aren't helpful bell boys who hold doors open for you or offer to help carry in your things. I also felt like the food area off the lobby was dirty and crammed. 

Probably wouldn't stay here again unless I had to (vs. staying at Sofitel or another great spot on rittenhouse).
After staying at the Royal Sonesta in New Orleans and having a great experience, I didn't hesitate to book a room at the Sonesta in Philly. Once I arrived, I was surprised by how small the lobby was. But I guess it wasn't such a bad thing since it was much easier to navigate my way around the hotel. 

I was upgraded to a bigger room with a city view and executive club lounge access. My room was decent, but I did notice some mysterious stains all over the bathroom wall. But one thing about Sonesta hotels is they have the best toiletries! I also love the shampoo, conditioner, gel dispensers in the shower.

The hotel also has a bar that was pretty dead in comparison to other hotel bars I've visited. There's also a Ruth's Chris inside. 

The executive lounge is lovely! Complimentary breakfast, dinner, drinks, and snacks all day long! 

This hotel was in the perfect location and really close to a lot of attractions. I walked to many places, like the observation deck and the liberty bell without any issues. There are also lots of bars and restaurants all around the area.

My experience was decent, but if I return to Philly I'll probably give another hotel a try instead.
The  ONLY good thing about the hotel is location. The bathroom was disgusting, not cleaned well at all. The floor of the shower was so gross, flip flops needed to shower. The bed was itchy, and the doors slammed all night. Good luck getting any sleep when you can hear every word from your neighbors. We had a group of teens or younger adults make noise all night and continue to slam doors. I could have slept better in my car. Save your money.
Just paid $23.18 for a 12" pizza that had added pepperoni & mushrooms. Three of the 8 pieces had no pepperoni and there was only a sprinkling of mushrooms at best. I stayed in and opted for room service after a long day of work and a rainy evening. Mistake!
This is my first review on yelp because I wanted everyone to read this review and not go to this hotel.  This is truly the worst hotel I've ever been to in Philly.  I rather stay at a motel than this place.  The staff was not professional or helpful.  They were outright rude and had no idea which rooms had double or single beds.  I'm sure they were on the comp but they didn't bother to look.  They put me on hold for a good 15 mins to answer a simple question when I know for a fact that it wasn't busy in the lobby as I just came up so I called again and got someone else. When I was checking in there was no one in front of us but I couldn't get any service since they were busy chatting it up w all the other employees.  The rooms were not what was advertised online at all.  The pictures were completely misleading.  Nothing I saw online was there.  The bathroom was not even a bathroom.  You can't use the toilet and close the door.  The tub doesn't drain when you take showers that by the time I got done w my shower the water was ankle deep.  I don't understand the layout of the rooms and the bathroom.  The room itself is so outdated I thought I was going to get haunted by Ben himself.  The walls are so thin that I actually heard ppl from the downstairs room and the rooms next to us.  

The bar there was horrible. There was 2 girls working.  I over heard one of the bartenders being pregnant and servicing which is fine by me but do not use that as a excuse not to do your job.  It took me 10 mins to get a drink, I even made eye contact w her about 3 times and not once did she smile or did I sense any friendliness from her.  I actually had to get out of my seat and hunt down the other bartender.  I also want to mention that the bar was pretty empty, there was probably about less than 10 ppl at the bar.  The pregnant bartender was incompetent as she couldn't even tell me what was on her shelf.  My friend wanted whiskey and of course i ask for macallan and there's different years of it but vshe didn't know which one she had. She also had such a light hand that I don't even think she poured a whole shot.   I asked for recommendation for beer and she basically told me to stick w what I know, that was rudest thing I heard from a bartender.  We still tipped a little of 20% for the tap because we felt bad for her baby. 

Do not go to this hotel unless you wanna wait around a long time and you don't care about bathrooms and thin walls. It is not worth $125 or even $75 for that matter
I went into the room with no expectations and I was initially impressed, but over a few days, it became problematic. I was placed in a room by the elevator, which is fine, but looking at the map of the floor, it seems like other rooms are substantially larger. The room might be fine for one person, but it's too cramped for two people. 

The TV is fine. There is free WiFi. There are a lot of electrical outlets. It hits a lot of the "basic hotel amenities".

The points are taken off for a few reason: One for the cramped room. The shower was clogged when I got into the room. There was a huge hair clump stuck in the pipe and I had to remove it to alleviate the drainage issues. This should be something that's inspected after a guest checks out. The bed is firm, but the pillows were uncomfortable. It felt like after a short amount of time, I could already feel the mattress or headboard. I ended up sleeping with a throw pillow that they provided. The bed also had this weird problem where despite only using a sheet for cover, I'd end up sweating myself awake at night. I set the AC for 68 which would be uncomfortably cold, however, I would wake up every few hours and the sheets would be drenched. After hopping out of bed, I'd immediately start shivering. I'm really confused as to how the sheet and bed are able to manipulate the laws of thermodynamics but it was the worst few nights of sleep.

My impression of this place as been pretty soured and I honestly hope I don't have to stay here ever again.

Edit: I have to stay here again :(
When you arrive...it's hard to find the front door due to all the construction. Its true the hotel  is in disrepair and under serious construction.  I came to Philadelphia for a seminar which was held in the hotel.  The staff was wonderful. Very friendly and extremely helpful.  They were ablle to give me great recommendations for restaurants and shopping.  Kimberly at the desk is the best!!!  The rooms are ok.  Bathrooms are a little small.
If you are a hotel snob, don't stay here. If you like a hotel with a nice location that isn't a Super 8/Best Western kind of place, then you can't go wrong.

Front desk was very nice and helpful. It is a little weird that there seems to be no grand entrance or anything. I had to go in through the parking garage entrance. Like others have said, they are rebranding and renovating. They have pictures everywhere of what it will look like. Looks fairly nice. There is also a decent fitness center if you want that.

The rooms are nice. Nothing special, but not the roach motel people have complained about. The bathrooms are small and the sink is outside, but I found it worked well for two people. The beds wer comfortable. My room was very spacious. I could do yoga (not that I would, but you know...)

The complaints are there is no free breakfast unless you have a special membership or something. The cafe in the lobby is actually pretty good. Not that I use the pool that often, but I think it would compare to the Arctic. It is on top of the parking garage on the 8th floor. Nice view. Cold as hell! Lastly, you can't use the elevator without your card, and it is very touchy at times. I had to wait for another elevator once because the card reader wouldn't work.

Good place and at the price, a good deal. Besides, it's Philly. Not the cleanest place anyways.
Decided to stay at this hotel on business as a convenience factor, little did I know that a $250 incidental would be CHARGED to my card, not held, but actually charged. 
When I called to ask why it came out of my account I was told "I told you that, you should have listened"
If I was ok with it why would I be upset?! 
And "it will take 3-7 days to show up back into your account"
Traveling for business doesn't allow for 3-7 days when I get reimbursed after expenses are added.
So furious that the manager proceeded to ARGUE with me over the phone that I "should have listened" and "yes I told you, yes I told you"
While not offering ANY kind of solution!
The manager Daniel was so rude and I will never recommend this hotel to anyone!
We stayed here for the Marathon weekend due to it's proximity to the race.  The rooms are very dated.  Ours had water damage on the ceiling and carpets were worn and showed signs of other stains. The bathroom was impossibly small.

Our TV was very old and did not work with thr remote control.  We had the hotel provide a new controller, but it did not work either.

We had friends at Loews and the Westin.  Both of these hotels were the same price.  Skip the Sonesta and go to a better hotel.

I will say the staff were very friendly.
The front desk was very friendly and accommodating. We arrived 4 hours before check in and they were able to still get us a room.   The rooms were modern and very clean. Overall a good experience.
Staff was the best around.  Bed was comfortable.  Close to everything.  ArtBar was great.  Beds were comfortable.  My only complaint was there was a very strong "perfumey" smell when we checked in.  I have a very sensitive sense of smell so it was a tad overwhelming, but we did have an early check and it was just cleaned.  It subsided and I was fine.  Pool is nice.  We will be back.
My boyfriend and I stayed here the week after Christmas and we absolutely loved our time here.
The lobby was beautifully decorated for Christmastime.
We found the staff to be exceptionally helpful, going out of their way to ensure we were comfortable (even bringing up toothpaste and a toothbrush when we said we forgot ours!) We were greeted with a warm hello every time we entered the building.
The room was tidy and had ample space. I get antsy about the cleanliness of hotel rooms so I was happy to see how clean it was.
Moderately decorated with large windows and an equally large desk. The bed wasn't the most comfortable but the pillows made up for it. I don't know why but those pillows were SO comfortable - I wanted to steal them. (I didn't)
The bathroom was just the toilet and shower and the sink/vanity outside - a nice set up so my boyfriend and I could get ready at the same time. The bathroom was small, but who cares? The vanity and mirror were huge.
Even the complimentary toiletries were enjoyable. I usually throw them out but the body wash had the most delightful scent - I couldn't stop smelling it.

I would love to stay here again but I'm just not sure regarding the price. When we stayed they were apparently running a special (booked through Hotels.com) for $70/night. Usually it's upwards of $150. If there is another special when we need it we will definitely be back!
We are checking out of the Sonesta at Philly and out experience was great! Location was great, we walked to all the sites and restaurants. Staff were friendly and helpful especially Weldon. The rooms were clean, the bed comfortable. Kids enjoyed the pool. 
The Art bar downstairs had
Great breakfast sandwiches and coffee very reasonably priced and tasty. About 20 for a coffee, latte, 2 breakfast sandwiches and 2 bagels and milk. 
Would highly recommend this hotel for a visit to Philly.
Proactive, friendly staff. Great location.

Very comfortable, quiet room. Recent upgrades in furnishings and tech-friendly utility (USB outlets on the desk & nightstand) are really nice.

I'll stay again!
At the last moment, I was summoned to Philly for a birthday bash. I searched the internet for options and decided on Sonesta because of the reasonable price and location.  Upon my arrival, I was greeted by such a wonderful receptionist and my check-in lasted no more then 5 min.  I then quickly took the trip up to my room and was pleased by the cleanliness of my room and the space for me to just lay out! Unfortunately, I was only staying one night so I wouldn't be able dine at the hotel.  However, I could see their many options and friendly staff.

I will certainly return to this paradise in the middle of the city.
Hotel room is very clean.  Amenities were great.  Newly renovated.  Great banquet rooms and banquet food.  

I ordered room service- omelette was great each time.  The rest of the room service was inconsistent.  Need better desserts and food choices.  

I asked the in-room dining guy if the tilapia had a "fishy" taste and he asked me what that meant.  He said he didn't know what fishy was.

Would I order room service again?  Maybe breakfast only.
The hotel is located in the middle of bustling Philadelphia. My visit was for pleasure, however, I understand most people come to this hotel for business.  All of the staff that I encountered were very friendly and professional.  The check and in and out were expedient.  This is a lovely property.  The room and bathroom were beautifully appointed and as a single traveler, I felt very comfortable staying at this hotel. 

This area is taxi friendly and I had no problem getting around.  There are lots of restaurants around the hotel as well as one inside the hotel. All of the meals that I had in the hotel were from room service and the food was delicious.  I would definitely stay here again.  Just and FYI - The hotel pumps a fragrance into the rooms.  This seems to be the way more and more hotels are going.  However, if you have respiratory issues this may be problematic.
This hotel is awesome! We stayed for a weekend to celebrate our wedding anniversary. We were upgraded to the Presidential Suite, a great surprise! Then the hotel manager sent up A bottle of Champagne, fruit, and chocolate covered strawberries. Highly recommended
A couple caveats. 

I was here for a conference and our Group rate was $170 for a 2 bed room. 

That said, I was very satisfied during my stay. 

Yes, there's a $250 deposit and I didn't remember seeing anything about it when I booked the room either. 
The room, while sparse, had a desk with well placed outlets with suitable speed internet. Our conference was located here as well, the food catered by the hotel was A-OK but wasn't anything memorable as I wrote this a couple weeks later. The breakfast foods weren't stale which happens too often at catered events. The staff was very friendly and serviceable. The rooms looked to be renovated within the past 3-5 years and were quite suitable. Nothing broken or stained. 

Yeah, their valet parking isn't cheap but it's less than a 10 minute walk to many subways and it's centrally located. I didn't care. 

The wifi was certainly acceptable with over 150 people actively on their laptops. 

Again, I can't speak from an organizers perspective, but the hotel certainly did their part to make our conference run smoothly and I'd stay here again. 

My only criticism is that after staying at a sonesta brand for the first time, I receive more than 2 emails a week about their brand; those are now going to the auto delete filter.
Super decent hotel.
My only qualms: Housekeeping def didn't knock before barging in on me in my undies. lol.
Had a great experience at the Sonesta! I found the front desk attendants informative, kind and outgoing. The actual hotel was beautiful and clean, and my room was amazing! Perfectly clean, well decorated and such a comfy bed. Had a TON of great channels and free wifi. I didn't go but it's also got a Ruth's Chris inside, and a bar that's open until 11, if I remember correctly. Great place to stay and if I'm ever in Philly again I'd love to stay here!
Great location. We stayed at the Sonesta for the NFL Draft because it was a reasonable walk to the event and we were able to secure an attractive corporate room rate. The staff was friendly and attentive. The breakfast options in the hotel were limited, but there were many choices in the immediate area. The lobby elevator area was dark and cramped - but you don't really spend much time there.
I got a deal on this hotel from Priceline so I was very excited to come and stay for a surprise engagement party. When we got there, the staff was friendly and check in was easy. We booked a delux king suite which was actually to our delight 2 rooms (one for the bed and one for the couch, extra tv, and sitting area). We even had 2 FULL bathrooms! We had a couple of drinks at the bar and thought grabbing a bite to eat there was a good idea, but the food turned out to be microwaved finger foods . We went to our event and hadn't eaten. To our dismay, room service ended at 11pm and it was now 12 (womp womp) so we went to bed hungry and thirsty, since there was no mini bar or bottled water in room!!! I woke up at 7am FAMISHED so I called room service and was directed to the customer service rep who informed me that she would have room service call me.. Wtf??? They called me back 10 minutes later and I ordered my breakfast and water. The rep informed me that it would be 30 minutes, but an hour later no food had arrived. Since no one ever called to inform us of any delays, I called the customer service number 3 times to check on the food. Natalie informed me that the kitchen was backed up and our food would arrive shortly. I finally canceled my order after the 3rd time I called ...and I was STILL starving. 10 minutes later the room service guy came with the food and an $80 bill!!!! Again, wtf? The whole room service experience left a REALLY bad taste in my mouth. I doubt that I would stay there again since there were bigger name hotels in the same price range of $180 (taxes included) per night. I really feel like I was robbed today.
Ok, where do I start....... This hotel is an absolute joke!!!!
1st night: Given a room at check-in that is already occupied.  Tried opening the door, and someone else came to the door. Had to get another room. 
2nd day: Wake-up call didn't work. Someone came around at 6:00a knocking on the door for wake-up calls. 
4th day: Electricity went out for several hours. No notice or info from anyone. 
4th night/5th morning: Fire alarm goes off at 2 something in the morning and mostly everyone on my floor evacuates (without any warning from staff) down flights of stairs to the lobby or garage. Still haven't heard any explanation from staff. It's 3:40a and the alarms are just going off. 
This hotel stay has been a total nightmare!!! I definitely won't be staying here any more!!!!!
Sonesta, previously Crowne Plaza, was where we stayed and booked a block of rooms for our wedding. I was overwhelmingly pleased with their customer service and rooms especially due to so many picky reviews previously. The location for us was perfect, as our wedding venue was only a few blocks away. The bar downstairs has karaoke on Saturday nights, and was AWESOME for an after party after our wedding since most of the guests were staying there. 

We booked a room that had a conference room attached, it was great for earlier in the day getting ready and having lunch with all my bridesmaids.

We dropped off welcome gift bags a few days before our guests were arriving and they happily handed them out to each guest checking in.
I called the hotel to inform them I would be arriving around 3AM and to not give my room away. They associate on the phone informed me this was noted. When I arrived at the hotel on Saturday morning they had me down as a "no show" without anyone contacting me beforehand. I was booked until Monday. I returned to my room on Sunday morning after breakfast to find my key demagnetized. When I arrived at the front desk for a new key I was told my key was deactivated because they had me down for a 12PM Sunday check out. On Monday morning I went downstairs to the bar, with my cousin, for a mimosa. I presented my NY State Drivers License as proof of legal drinking age and my cousin presented her NY State Learner's Permit. The waitresses accepted our IDs only to return two minutes later and inform us our IDs were unacceptable and that we must provide a passport to be served mimosas. I asked to speak with the manager. I spoke with F&B manager David Lyons. Before explaining what had just occurred I inquired as to the acceptable forms of ID. He informed me that driver's licenses and passports were the only acceptable forms of ID. I informed him that I had just in fact provided his waitress with a driver's license and it was rejected. Furthermore, my cousin had purchased a drink at the bar on Sunday night and was not asked for ID at all. On that night she voluntarily showed the bartender her NY permit and said "please ID me and make me feel young". The bartender that evening did not mention her ID was unacceptable. Both IDs we presented were government issued thus should be accepted. When booking a room at the hotel nowhere is it noted that only passports or drivers licenses are accepted at the bar. My experience with David Lyons was unpleasant and far below hospitality standards. He was confrontational, defensive, unconcerned, and not at all accommodating. Sonesta should never allow a manager to conduct themselves the way David did in front of a client. Not once did David apologize for his waitress' error. I considered not returning to Sonesta after the disappointing service I received there in 2014 but thought perhaps that was a onetime experience. Unfortunately I was incorrect.
Rooms are small but nice & clean. Staff is A+ Perfect But if you need a WiFi connection, stay far, far away. They use a service with an off shore help desk. Each day took 30 minutes to be walked through many trouble shooting possibilities with my Dell PC. (The help desk tech was very nice, but accent compounded by the problem.) Eventually got one. Have had this problem before in other hotels that service provider used was apparently economically preferred internet provider. But I believe that as long as nobody died or was eaten, life goes on.
I visited Philadelphia from Los Angeles and stayed at Sonesta and I can say I am very happy with the service I received. My flight landed at 11:30 so I arrived earlier than expected to the Hotel at 12pm with the expectation that I would just drop my bag off.  The hotel representative was able to check me in my hours before I anticipated which I greatly appreciated the accommodation. The room was very spacious and the location is superb! I was able to walk to all restaurants, museums, bars & observation decks. I would definitely stay here again during my next visit to Philly.
We were very happy with our Saturday night stay on 12/26.  Our first room had an issue with the heat and the front desk upgraded us to a larger room with working heat.  The next morning we discovered that we left out toothbrush in our original room and upon checkout the front desk was kind enough to find it for us.   The only complaint was the high price of parking for hotel guests. The peppermint drink at the bar was great.  Thanks for making us feel welcomed.
Terrible service, room was sup par! It did not live up to the price we paid for the hotel room at all! This hotel was recommended by a friend who had a great stay in Florida and was also bitterly disappointed that the chain was not consistent. Would never stay at this hotel chain again. I rarely write reviews but felt that others would not want to stay here as  the cost is definitely wasn't worth the price.
Let's start off as they don't have a hot tub (but do have a pool) no bedbugs pool manager is kind of mean rooms are ok not cheap nor expensive waitress had air pod in( the eggs are horrible)
My friends and I stayed here for Made in America. Great stay! The hotel was safe and only a 15 min walk to Benjamin Franklin Parkway. Food, bars & tons of chill spots were close by. It definitely felt like nyc for a moment there. 
  The room was clean, the staff was very attentive & they knew to mind their beeswax. Plus the staff was incredibly knowledgable. By the way, next door - maybe 2 doors down is a parking lot for 30 bucks a night as opposed to the 40 Sonesta charges. We found local parking too. If you're up to it, just search for street parking like we did. It was so much fun exploring Philly! Would definitely stay here again!
Paid $300 a night for two queen sized beds and the bed seemed smaller than expected. Room wasn't as nice as I expected for $300 a night. Went to the pool twice and it was always packed. House keeping ended up never coming to our room but it wasn't a big deal. Every time you wanted to access the elevator, you needed to scan your room key which made the hotel feel safe - very smart!
Awesome hotel and even better location! Close and walking distance to everything! Restaurants, shops, and attractions. The hotel itself is trendy with real art on display in the lobby. If you ever stayed at a ALoft hotel this place is similar to that except nicer in terms of more sophisticated vs. just hip and cool. There's also a Ruth's Chris located in the lobby. All staff were nice and accommodating even letting us leave our bags with them on our check out day as our departing flight was 8 hours after check out time. Their aren't many Sonesta's as the other big brands but I wish there were. We will definitely stay at another Sonesta location again.
Omg what terrible service I had here !!


First of all we stayed at this hotel to sit by the pool all day before dinner.   Brought up a plastic bottle of skinny girl margarita from our room.   Literally had one sip of if and fell asleep without drinking it.  Was three girls sitting and the security guard woke up my sleeping friend to see if she had alcohol poisoning !!!!   Just loudly.  Was the only opportunity she had to sleep before dinner after traveling since 4am.  No alcohol in system!!!   Now everyone in the pool is staring at us !  (40 year old teachers ). He waited for her to fall asleep again and came back stating there's no alcohol allowe here !   Again so weird.  We put the alcohol that we weren't drinking in an enclosed bag like curious as to why he didn't say something when he woke us up before.  He then stood there and said he won't leave the pool area until we get up and remove the alcohol from the entire pool area  !!!   It was in a zipped bag we didn't even have cups to drink it.  So now we all had to get up , and go sit in our rooms for three hours due to humiliation that smelled like smoke !!!!!!  We were too exhausted to switch to a room that didn't smell like smoke before we went up to the pool and now we were completely stuck in it.  


Called the front desk and they pretended to care and didn't call back 


There was also a roach in the bathroom next to Ruth Chris and their reply to this at the desk was "omg sorry". Sorry??  For two minutes I watched to see if anyone would go in the bathroom and couldn't wait any longer and left.  



The service at Ruth Chris was also bad !!   Such a nasty vibe in there and not an uptight vibe, an I don't know how to do my job vibe

So tired from this day of pure hell we couldn't enjoy an evening out after dinner and we went to the art bar located in the hotel- due to lack of sleep.  I chose the most expensive glass of red on the menu.  It tasted like vinegar !!!!!  I BEGGED the bartender to open a new bottle because she had stated it had been open for four days.  She said no she is not allowed !!!!    That's right ! She's not allowed to serve me fresh wine !!!  Now some poor patron will have to drink this soured wine and will have to pay 15$ plus tip!   What abuse. 


You shouldn't be allowed to serve old wine !!  I am so so truly horrified by this hotel and also Philadelphia in general.  I won't return. 


!  I'm horrified
Don't stay here if you want to laugh past 10pm. Walls are thin. Security is tight. Guest services unforgiving. Won't stay here again
My husband got called in by the company Aramark to do a interview at their expense they had put him up in this hotel. When my husband got to the hotel they asked for a credit card for incidentals, no incidentals occurred so we should not of been charged a cent. Unfortunately the hotel charged my personal credit card rather than the company's credit card this was back on June 11. I have called at least 12 times and have emailed at least 25 times I have not got a response whatsoever. They are thieves.  They should never of charged my card I never authorize it to become charged for anything except for incidentals. Awful customer service! I have left messages for the general manager he will not return my calls I have emailed corporate they will not return my messages. Nightmare of a place would not recommend. The hotel itself is nice but the staff is so rude. Apparently corporate is definitely no better.
We checked in on 9-5-15 On 9-6-15 I stopped at the bar got a shot of Hennessy the bartender older guy was pretty cool gave him my NYSID gave me conversation served my shot I drank it left him a tip said good night went to my room on 9-7-15 I stopped at the bar before my way out ordered a mimosa the waitress asked for ID we gave them to her she checked and replied classic New York City Ids we all laughed she took the order walked away then like 2 mins later she approaches our table and states we would need your PASSPORT To serve you a drink  we was upset asked why she replied Policy so asked to speak to manager she called manager DAVID LIONS he approached we explained the situation he had a lost look in his face then I explained it was lack of communication he stated it wasn't .Didn't understand how I got service the day before but couldn't get service that day and I came from NY Drove Up To Philly Why Would I Have my passport with me if I didn't take a flight why didn't the hotel inform us when we booked that we would need a passport to visit the bar Besides the Bar incident the stay was great David Lions Need Better People Skills and they need to inform the staff of policy's if that's policy and hotel also need to inform customers while making reservations would stay there again but wouldn't visit the bar
Ideal location if you're coming in by train. Very friendly staff, modern digs, good size rooms, and everything appears to be rather clean. I liked how this hotel didn't feel as "corporate" as some spots tend to in cities.

I would've given it five stars, except in my room one of the coffee mugs next to the Keurig had pink lipstick on it. Otherwise, it was a positive experience with a great rate.
The hotel was under renovation which was never mentioned while booking the hotel online. So the entrance and some of the elevators look like a construction zone. That can be overlooked. But the rooms inside were super ancient. The TV was very old and had contrast issues. The wifi reminded me of the old dial up days(worse than that in truth).
I quite liked the hotel room. Must compliment them on the bed and the soundproofing.Room was right next to elevator and could not hear it.

Got a great conference rate. For a smaller size conference, meeting rooms were fine, but a little strange that some were on floor 2, others on 8.  Never had enough coffee at the conference coffee areas (provided by hotel catering). Containers too small and ran out.

No true lobby for sitting and mingling. Parking rate of $44 per day ridiculous. ArtBar ok for some nice cocktails but not food. But lots of great eating options all around. Great location for a small conference near City Hall.

If you get a good rate, yes, good for a stay.
So this "4 star" establishment left a lot to be desired. Check in was easy even though the employees at the front desk played more than worked. I was not told when check out was not was I told about the amenities. The room was fine but not what I would consider four star. A little after midnight a fire alarm went off. This was only mildly annoying (safety first) because we had to walk down eleven flights of stairs. The annoying part was that the management of the hotel decided to apologize for the issue by slipping a note under the door at 2:30am apologizing and offering coffee and donuts from 7am to 8am. Since I wasn't able to get to bed until almost 1am what would make the management think that I would be up at 7am for coffee and donuts. To me, that gesture seems calculated to have the most minimum impact possible to disturbed guests. Why not offer $10 off parking or a comped bottle of water. That is more impactful than some donuts and coffee when I am more than likely going to be asleep.
Stayed here for a night with my boyfriend, sister, and her boyfriend as part of a wedding room block. 

The hotel is just okay. It's centrally located in downtown Philadelphia. Our room was relatively inexpensive. The bathroom was quite tiny and had no vent. However, I do remember a positive being the yummy smelling lotions and shampoos. Parking at the hotel is $36/night. 

Overall, the experience was just A-OK. Nothing to complain about but also nothing to write home about.
Don't come here if you are expecting good service. Nobody ever answers the phone, they charge you a fee for valet, but they dont tell you it will be a separate charge. The mattress are entirely to soft, your back will hurt. No blanket, just a thick sheet. There was no hand soap and of course nobody ever answered the phone. Not worth the cost of the room. Overall looks nice and clean, but their customer service was non existent. Such a great location with potential, but never again.
The staff was very friendly and accommodating.  When we checked in we were happy until we settled in and say the side of the bedside table.  Not sure what was smeared down the side of it or how the cleaning staff missed it.  They did move us to a new room and gave us a discount but hard to look past this
I stayed here for one night, as I had a business meeting the next day. The  hotel is an ideal location if you have meetings Downtown, or if you want to do a walk about.  

Parking at the hotel was easy, and efficient, and check-in was a breeze.  I loved my room, modern, and comfortable.  If you know the Sonesta brand, they have a great reputation for top locations throughout the country, including a location in Scottdale, AZ, possibly one of the greatest places I have ever stayed at.

The concierge at this location is incredible, and how great is it that a Ruth's Chris is part of the property.  

I'll be back and thank you for an incredible one night stay.

Thanks again.
This is a really nice hotel in a great location in a great city. I just wanted to share my 2 visits, The first visit there was a black out while I was trying to get ready for an event that night so I had to get ready in the dark using my phone flashlight, when I said something I was given they ok well there is nothing we can do attitude, a big hotel like this should have generators....second visit, house keeping kept knocking on our door barely got any sleep that morning, so if you want to sleep make sure you use that door sign
Got a good rate ($189/night) but that was crushed by the parking ($48/night). Sort of cheesy, a little loud, a little brash. Sort of the same reason I love visiting Philly!

Highlights include a lively bar in the lobby. Ruth's Chris for dinner. Rooms are above average.  Hallways and other details reflect attempts at refreshing tired decor.

Kidding aside, I probably won't be a repeat guest unless my usual hotels sell out again. Still, it's not like I would avoid it. How's that for non committal?
