Southern Inn is a divey diner in southwest Philly; with amazing food. It's charming with an old decor as if you're in a speakeasy. The tables are sticky, check your silverware and keep it simple.

I ordered the fried salmon cakes w/ cheese eggs, turkey bacon, and home fries. The salmon cakes are fried crispy with a soft inside seasoned to perfection. The food is cooked with LOVE, as if you were in grandma's kitchen. 

The service is great for the regulars but not so welcoming to new comers. This is my opinion, others may get a warm welcome. If it weren't for the soulful touch I wouldn't come for the service. My waitress was blunt, facetious, and somewhat arrogant.  Stop by and experience the #1 breakfast spot in Philly.  My 4 star rating is because of the service.
If you are looking for a plate from 'Big Mama and 'dem from down the way' this is the place for you! If you don't know what that means this is NOT the place for you! 

So you know Big Mama is getting old and she just can't keep remodeling da house 'cause her drop ceiling and chairs with the plastic slipcovers looks just fine to her. With all that being said she can still cook! So no it's not the tidiest place but the food is good, the people are friendly and the platters are reasonably priced. 

This is the place that you come and get the familiar breakfast of fried salmon cakes, pancakes,  home fries, eggs and grits all for the low price of 10 bucks.  Yeah and Big Mama has that one grandchild that doesn't eat pork. Well she has something for them too, turkey and beef products.

So after having a good  breakfast on a cold day, on my way out I told Big Mama 'I'll be back" cause she had a big pot a Lima beans on the stove and cornbread in the oven.
My friend brought me to this place years ago. It's in a sketchy neighborhood, but the breakfast is sooo good! We had pancakes that rivaled my Grandma Dorothy's. They also have fish and grits, as you would expect at any other place that claims to be southern. Loved the extremely sweet sweet tea as well.  If you don't mind living on the wild side and doing "hood" from time to time, check it out.  The food definitely doesn't disappoint.
I really want to give them 5 stars I will give them 4.  The food is absolutely AWESOME!! This place is Southwest Philly's best kept Secret!! Those who Know KNOW!! I had the fried whiting scrambled eggs and French toast! I really forgot how good the French toast is!! Homefries for the table and they were great also.  My Friend got the Salmon cakes, and they too were Delish!! If you are craving some GOOD home cooked breakfast, this is the place!! I've never had their dinner food but if the breakfast is any type of indicator it's probably just as good!! If you are Squeamish in "urban" areas, then this isn't
The place for you!  While the food is awesome the place could use a little TLC.  Also my waitress sat plasticware at our table...I had to
Ask for regular utensils...and I felt that she didn't pay enough attention to us once the food arrived.  They also had a very limited drink selection.  Overall I will definitely be back.
Love this place. A southwest Philly tradition. Good food and no pretense. Same as or better than other breakfast spots charging double the price. Support our businesses.
I've been coming here for years and I love the breakfast options. They have things like salmon cakes, fried fish, and grits on the menu. The food is consistently great and the service is too.. I would give it 5 stars but the place needs to be remodeled. 

In all honesty though, the decor doesn't bother me. I'm all about the food.
One of my favorite breakfast spots in the hood. I have been coming here for about 25 years but today I was sadly disappointed. The staff took 15 minutes to bring us menus, 10 minutes to take our orders, and another 30 minutes to bring our food out. The only plus was the great food and Ms. Mary who cashed us out. However the waitress was rude,  used profanity, and appeared to serve her friends before us. I was totally disappointed. This will probably be my last visit to the Southern Inn.
Bn B%oyyguf. g egg  g  xss gu gu g g bnb yy V V n.   Nnn y Bgu gun0pppp]pp]BLLPC vy_yyyyyygyyb  bgggu guy   22222n2222. mm.j   2²lppnV]]0
Breakfast is delicious. I had fish, grits and cheese egg whites. It was so good, it put me to sleep. Lol Worth the money! I also had pancakes from here which was delicious as well. The breakfast sandwich is kind of small so just buy a platter.
Definitely a diamond in the rough. On the outside it doesn't look like a place you'd want to go to, but please go you won't be disappointed. Greasy spoon at its finest lol. Down home cooking, and Ms. Cecilia is always pleasant and nice.
