I have mixed feelings about my experience here. It was my first time at The Underground spa, and I booked a package of one 50 minute massage and one 50 minute facial for $250 ($300 with tip). Here's a recap:

Pros: Clean facilities, decent service. Small locker/shower/bathroom facilities with toiletries. Relaxation lounge with premium tea, coffee, and infused water. Great hours and open until 10 on every day. Small saltwater pool. 

Pros: Expensive. The "package" I got didn't include much of a discount from purchasing the services separately. They advertise mani/pedi services, but don't have a manicurist on staff for Sundays or Mondays. The locker/bathroom is small and doesn't stock razors, feminine products or hair ties. The relaxation lounge had a group of 4 women who were laughing and talking loudly; staff didn't enforce the "quiet" policy. Facilities lack a sauna, steam room, or hot tub. Pool is very small. 20% gratuity automatically added to all services. 

Summary: I'm a frequent spa goer, and love trying spas all over the country and world. This one had so many great reviews that I was excited to try it for the first time. For a place that advertises itself as a luxury spa (with the prices to match), I can confidently say that it is squarely mid-range. The facilities are clean but on the small side. The massage was fine - I asked her to concentrate on my neck, back and shoulders as that's where I was experiencing knots and pain, but she spent the majority of the time on my legs and feet. The facial was also fine, although the actual steaming, cleaning, facial part was only half the time, and the rest was a "facial massage" which was nice, but not what I was really paying for. Lastly, I understand why some places add automatic gratuity, but it does take away from the quality of the experience. My esthetician was telling me how most of the spa staff was carried over from when the hotel was the Four Seasons, and they had all been there for 10 years or longer... and it showed. The service wasn't horrible, but the fact that gratuity was automatic and the staff had been there forever did show. 

Overall, not a terrible experience, but not the 5-star, upscale experience that I was looking for (and paid for). I am a bit disappointed since this spa is so close to my house, and if the experience were better, I would be coming here frequently.
Once the Logan became the Logan, all sleek, new and chic, I thought perhaps the spa and space below would follow suit.  Not so, friends. I expected fancy and fabulous and instead I got casual and well, meh.

There are so few, nearly not enough, spa venues that have a sauna or steam room to linger before services that I was hopeful that the Logan with all its new bells and whistles would either have one or the other, but no.  Hotels are usually the best place where you can spend a spa with girlfriends, but the Logan Spa doesn't offer that here. Here, they have a very basic 'heated' pool that doesn't offer much in the way of a relaxing or soothing experience as it feels more gym and less high-end. The lobby is the gateway to both the gym/pool/spa and the mood is more gym than a spa lobby.  The changing room is tiny but new and modern. On the day we came, they had only one functioning restroom.  The wait room is a strangely dark cold room with two generic budget water features.  The only highlight, a very cute and cozy The logan hoodie robes that we got to lounge in.

The treatment rooms were equally generic as were the treatments. Body scrub and massage though just fine were simply not memorable.  Products not terribly high end. For the price paid, you're best to go to Rescue Rittenhouse.
The same week I started my IVF medication my company announced major layoffs so to say I'm stressed out is an understatement. I booked a relaxation massage and feel like a new person after 50 minutes with Debbie. It's exactly what I needed to calm me down and find my zen. Perfect amount of pressure and included head, hand and foot massage!
I am absolutely furious with how I have been treated by this spa. I booked two messages about three weeks before my desired appointment (August 21st). I never received a confirmation email, called the spa, and only got voicemail. About five days before the 21st, I changed my mind because of COVID news, called the spa again to cancel because they had a 24 hour cancellation policy, and got voicemail. Later, while I am in a work meeting, I get a voicemail from them saying to call back to confirm my cancellations, which I do. I get voice confirmation those appointments are cancelled.

Well, August 21st, the day of those massages, I get a harried voicemail asking me when I expect to arrive at the spa, because I am not there at my appointment. I immediately call back, saying to the completely disinterested receptionist that I had already cancelled my appointments. She told me she would send this up to her manager and that her manager would contact me, but I never received ANY contact from ANY manager, and it's been almost a week.

I wake up this morning to find I have been charged $550 to my card by the Logan. To say that I am furious is putting it lightly. To say they Logan's spa staff has been unprofessional, unhelpful, and misleading is a gross understatement. This whole process has been so clunky (seriously??? No confirmation emails? Constant phone tag for something as simple as canceling an appointment nearly a week put?) and I am furious, do not waste your time--there are plenty of message chains and small businesses that are more fairly priced and actually know how to run a business. A clown car of a spa.
I've been here tons of times and I absolutely love it! It's like a mini vacation, with the full body massage, and the complimentary glass of wine or champagne. You can even use their salt water pool after as well. It's so much fun and when you need a mini vacation it's the perfect escape!
I loved my services, a massage and body scrub, the 4 stars is more for the amenities. They only have a relaxation room to wait in, no sauna or the like, and it's a little too stimulating in there. They have trickling water, a white noise machine and also music over the speakers. I think just one of those options would be better.  I wish they had a few more toiletries, especially deodorant. The robes aren't great, they're like old sweatshirts and you can't really tie them that tightly. But all that stuff is minor, I would definitely still recommend.
It was okay. Not worth the spend. The staff was pleasant but provided NOT what I would consider a massage. The place was clean & inviting but they are in need of Training.
I'm really not one for hyperbole but Lilla just gave me one the best messages I've ever had. I've had body work done literally all over the world and this has to rank in my top 3. Great aromatherapy to start and then the hands of a god(dess). I'm on my feet all day and I've done some damage to my body, ex-dancer, and I feel so light and enervated. I can't say enough about great I feel. I'm sure I'll be sore tomorrow but it'll be worth it! Pricy-yeah-but so damn excellent! Highly highly recommend.
Have to also mention that the entire staff-From Patty to Lanez are so damn pleasant and kind.
I've been here twice in the last year and loved it both times. It is small, so if you have the ability to go mid-week, you may have a more peaceful experience. Cheryl was my technician both times, and she was wonderful. The first time I went, I had the 80-minute Nirvana massage, and the second time I had the 50-minute and a lemon-rosemary body scrub. While I enjoyed the body scrub, I think I'd go with the longer massage next time. The relaxation room is very calming, and they offer complimentary wine or champagne while you unwind. Overall, a very pleasant experience, and I'll definitely go back again!
The place is dated and small.  My service (a massage) was lovely, and the treatment rooms very well appointed, but otherwise the facility seems low end, and the spa services questionable at the price point:

1) Woman at front desk no where to be found to let me into the gym (included prior to spa service).  When I checked in, I told her I'd like to use the gym before my service.  She said she'd let me in after I changed then disappeared!  I had to be let in by a hotel guest after waiting over 10 minutes in the lobby.

2) Tea area not clean- check in woman recommended I make a tea with honey.  When I went to try and make a cup, the honey containers were empty of honey and appeared dusty, as did the tea area.

3) Overflowed, clogged toilet in the changing room.

4) Salt Water pool is for use by the whole hotel if I'm not mistaken.  Was full of pool toys and did not appear like a tranquil place to swim pre-spa.

5) Rusty shower caddies in showers.  This is a minor point, but its such an easy inexpensive fix for a higher end spa, that should be replaced ASAP.

6) The lockers are really tricky- had to try the code a half dozen times each time since the keys are super sensitive, and its very easy to mess up the inputting of the code.

My massage was very nice, but the surroundings need quite a bit of attention.  I'm not sure I'll be back to give it a 2nd chance, maybe with a gift certificate.
Very nice addition to an already lovely hotel. The space is very zen with a lovely attendant at the front desk.
