The three best things the hotel has going for it are:

1.  Location - Excellent, and in the heart of Rittenhouse Square, one of my favorite parts of Philly.  Easy walk around the Rittenhouse Square area.

2.  Cool lobby to hang in.  Work tables here and just a great vibe.  Real life feels just like the photos I've posted here on Yelp.

3.  Steve, the Concierge.  Super helpful, friendly and knowledgeable guy who said he's worked at the hotel for 40 years.  He doesn't look that old, so I hope I'm quoting him correctly.  He's a real asset to the hotel, as he was the first person I was greeted by upon entering, and the most friendliest!

The Not So Good:

1.  Very basic rooms that are sub par to the lobby.  What a dichotomy.

2.  Front desk staff not friendly, but curt.  We arrived early and inquired into updates for check-in times, as we had just flown cross country from California.  Repeatedly, the two front desk women were very curt and dismissive each time we asked for an update about checking in.  Sorry to impose ladies.  We perfectly understood the 4pm check-in time, but we had only an hour of real sleep before landing here and were nicely asking if we could possibly be put into a room earlier, if one came available.  On our 4th inquiry at the front desk, something finally came open, but they never did call us when a room came open, as they promised they would.  If we hadn't personally checked at the front desk, who knows how much longer we would've waited, even though the room was already cleaned and available.  

A more polite and welcoming staff would've really made a difference for us, because the location really is quite stellar, and location is tops for me on deciding where to stay whenever we travel.  For me, it made the difference between a 3 and 4 star, and more importantly, it's one factor that makes me reconsider returning.   

Management, take note when training your front desk staff:  Sometimes a little kindness can go a long way in the hospitality industry! Duh?!?
Warwick, you have so much potential to be a five star hotel! I'm even hesitant to give this hotel four stars because I'm a little salty over the service we received at the front desk but this really is a beautiful hotel. 

I stayed here this past weekend and checked in very early on Friday morning as our flight came in at 9 am. We weren't expecting our room to be ready so we were prepared to just leave our bags and hurry off to our favorite spots to eat in Philly. The girl at the front desk was very rude and short with us but told us we would get a call when our room was ready. We went off to spend the day in Center City and at 3 pm we still had not received a phone call so we headed back to check if we could get a room. Of course one was ready for us. 

Our room was quite big, clean, and very modern. It was perfect for a couple and also had a mini fridge.  We also had complimentary water bottles which I appreciated.

Overall I had a pretty good stay but for some reason all the staff here are just plain rude! From the door men to the front desk staff to the bell hoppers I really had a bad taste in my mouth.

I'd recommend this place to my fellow travelers as it is perfectly located in Center City and a beautiful hotel just keep in mind you won't be treated well.
If you are looking to book this hotel in hopes of a vacation or business trip to Philly, TURN BACK NOW. This hotel is not worth more than $100 per night and if you see reviewers who enjoy this hotel, I promise you they have not stayed in many hotels. 

It is managed by Radisson and it feels like a Radisson on the side of the New Jersey turnpike.

The hotel itself is falling apart. See the photos attached but the rooms are just the worst. They aren't cleaned properly and there is much needed maintenance. Not to mention the water was out to do routine maintenance for over 4 hours while I stayed here.

As someone who has been to almost every hotel in Philadelphia, I advise you not to stay here. The Kimpton, Loews, Cambria, Sofitel, Westin, & Marriott are by far better options for similar priced (if not cheaper) rooms. 

I am giving this two stars as it looks nice on the outside and in the lobby, but this hotel is nothing more than a renovated roadside motel.
Beware. The Warwick is a nice hotel with bad security. Someone came into my room during the night while I was asleep, and stole my wallet. The door to the room doesn't quite close unless you push on it, which I must not have when I got in last night. No key cards are required to get to the guest floors on the elevators, so it's possible to walk in off the street and search for rooms that can be entered. The staff were nice enough when I reported it, but said there wasn't anything they could do. One mentioned something about reimbursement but I never heard it again. 

I cancelled the credit cards after a bunch of fraudulent charges this morning, so all it really cost me was the annoyance of replacing the stuff in my wallet and $80 in cash, but it's not reassuring that someone could have entered my room while I was sleeping.
My wife and I stayed at the Warwick for 3 days, and I had really mixed feelings about the  Hotel. I had upgraded to a Signature King Club room and my basic overall feeling was that I could have paid far less and stayed at a "lesser" hotel and received the same, or actually better conveniences. The hotel is sharp looking, and I guess if you're just going to hang out there the entire time, it would be cool. I do find their "free high speed internet" a JOKE at 1 Meg/Sec connection speed. At $300+ per night, I should be getting top shelf wifi. 

While the bathroom looked very stylish, in terms of actual function, they leave a little bit to be desired. First, the sinks are WAY to shallow to be used like a proper sink (there are pictures of the bathrooms here on Yelp). Just rinsing your mouth out after brushing your teeth means water (and spit!) everywhere. The toilet was literally right up against the vanity!! If you're a waif, it's probably OK, but if you're bigger person, you're going to be cramped sitting on the toilet. Water pressure for the shower was OK.

The bedroom was pretty spacious, but would it kill them to have two suitcase stands? The bed was fairly comfortable and a bonus was that their pillows didn't smell like "head"! 

The location is in a decent part of town, especially for sightseeing during the day. 

The internet died on us on our third day, which also killed their business center. It was down at least 4 hours. 

We had problems accessing the Signature Suite area for our breakfast on a couple occasions because the room key programming wasn't done correctly (twice!). Once at the breakfast area, they were out of most items, and most of the tables hadn't been cleaned at all. Not very snazzy! But, once they had breakfast items available, they were tasty. 


Overall, I'd probably not return because the $$$ to pleasure ratio is no good. The place is nice and urban chic, but probably not worth the extra money.
Everyone was really nice. It decor was upbeat and very modern which i greatly appreciated. Parking costed about 35ish per car which I thought was quite ridiculous, granted the price of staying in the hotel in general.

Being that I stay in a lot of hotel rooms all over the world, I wasn't really moved by the room. Everything was clean, which was great. The walls in between rooms are super thin. You can hear EVERYTHING. They are on this "green" thing where they put limited towels in the room. This was horrible. By the time the person I stayed in the room with got done in the bathroom, there were no towels left foe me! I called down the room service for towels a total of 3 times, and got nothing. I had to wait until the morning when housekeeping accidentally knocked on our door.

The view of the city from outside the door of this hotel is amazing!!! It is a block away from Rittenhouse Square.
I needed to "kidnap" my best girlfriend from college the night before her surprise baby shower so her family could get everything in order.  When her mom asked me to be in charge of this task, I could think of only one thing:  steal her away to a nice hotel downtown and remind her why Philly is so much better than Atlanta and that 5 years away is enough!  I chose the Warwick and couldn't be happier with the experience.

We stayed on the Plaza Club level, which is really the way to go!  I expected the room to be way overpriced given the Rittenhouse location, and the shared weekend between Arts Fest and the big bike race.  I found it to be reasonable and didn't mind springing for the Plaza Club.  It turns out it's worth the extra few dollars.  

The hor douvres in the Plaza Club were perfect after a stroll around the square and some shopping.  The spread was complete with a variety of cheeses, crackers and spreads, fresh fruits and vegetables among other things, and an assortment of complimentary wine, beer, juices and coffee/tea.  There was also a dessert time afterward which included a delicious chocolate raspberry layer cake, cookies, and a few other small treats.  In the morning they had a great breakfast set up which included oatmeal, eggs, fresh bagels and spreads, fresh fruit, granola & other cereals, etc.  It was far superior to any continental breakfast at another hotel.  I don't know why anyone would even need to go to the hotel's restaurant for breakfast!

The room itself was beautiful and we had a great view of the pool area, the Comcast building and Liberties 1 & 2.  Wifi access was much appreciated as well as the in-theaters-now movie options for an additional fee.  It cost us $16 to rent our movie, which was far better than paying at least $20 to see it in the theater, especially because we had the added bonus of getting to watch it  on the huge flat screen TV while relaxing in our sleep number beds and eating our complimentary desserts from the Plaza Club!    

The sleep number beds were interesting since neither of us had slept in one before.  Erin liked that she could set it to "cocoon" mode since her pregnancy pillow was back at home.  It was fun trying to find our own sleep numbers and definitely super comfy while sitting up in bed awake.  Neither of us were a fan in the morning though, when we realized they weren't as comfortable to sleep on!

The hotel staff was very friendly and happy to help with what few questions we had.  The only suggestion I have for anyone who stays here is that you don't forget to call down for your car if you've used their valet service.  The spaces they use are three blocks away so if you wait until you're ready to go, you'll need to wait a litle bit in front of the hotel until they can bring your car back to you.

We had a wonderful time here and I'm glad I got to spoil my mommy-to-be friend with a nice relaxing overnight stay.
We always stay at the Warwick when we visit Philadelphia (my home town), and this is going back many years. But no more. What happened during this last trip was so egregious that nothing could convince me to stay there again or to recommend it.

On June 22 of this year I made reservations for a two night stay August 6 -8th and paid for the room in full. The stay was for myself, my wife and my daughter.  We arrived at 9:30 pm on August 6th, gave the young lady at the desk my name. She found it on the computer (I could see the screen) and then she grimaced. I joked that she didn't have a room for us: we had just seen that episode of Seinfeld where he makes a car rental reservation and shows up and they don't have a car. "But I reserved one" Jerry Seinfeld says, "that's what a reservation is."  "I know what a reservation is," the lady at the counter tells him.  "I don't think you do," he responds.

Well that is EXACTLY what happened to us that night at the Warwick. "I'm sorry," the desk agent said, looking pained. Needless to say, I was flabbergasted. The manager shows up and explains that "the cast of [some show] is in town, so the rooms are all booked up. "But I booked a room, and paid for it," I tell her.  "I'm sorry, we have nothing." WHAT?!

So they were just going to turn out a family - including a young girl - who had all just traveled 3000 miles and were expected to be warmly greeted and shown to our room.

They did offer to "walk us" to another fine establishment around the corner, but that would be only for one night and then it would be on us to pay in the neighborhood of $400 to stay another night at this place (about what I ALREADY PAID for two nights at the Warwick).

Our minds were blown, we were totally devastated. This of course goes against the whole way the system works. If a PAID RESERVATION doesn't get you a room, what does?

What I would really like to know is: Who made the decision to give up our room? Obviously someone had to have consciously decided to do it. Not only that, couldn't they have given us warning? If you are going to un-honor the reservation because you want the (presumably better paying) business of [some show], at least have the courtesy to give us advance warning. What, were they just hoping we wouldn't show up? (Did I mention the room was PAID FOR?)

The whole thing was beyond the pale. How a hotel could treat their guests that way is beyond me. The people running that place need a course in hotel management as well as common decency.

So what finally happened was, the tour manager of [some show] happened to be at the next check-in desk and overheard this whole thing, and he gave up one of his rooms for us. The Warwick ended up giving us a refund of 50% of the first night, and asked that we don't put this on Yelp.
Sheets on my bed were disgusting. Called for coffee, they were out. Asked for tea, she said she'd try. Towels in bathroom are thread bare. Air conditioner is SO loud and is a wall unit. Front desk associates are very unprofessional and poorly mannered. Had to change rooms because of extremely strange odor. Called for bell hop, he never showed up.  Air conditioning ran all night and room was still warm.  Black bugs in bathroom.  Shower floor chipping away.  Key never worked on door.  Front desk never apologized. Awful experience.
My fiance and I went to the Warwick expecting not to be able to afford it at all. But I've always loved it (my great uncle, as a bellhop there, used to give me rides on the luggage carts, and my mom's cousin got married there some 30 years ago), and it was the first place I thought of when we started planning the wedding. We figured it couldn't hurt to take a tour and have a chat. 

First of all, I had loved that old world feeling of the lobby, etc., so I wasn't crazy about the renovations that they did. The new blue/brown/gold decor took a little adjusting to, but it eventually grew on me, and I got over it. And they brought back the player piano, which definitely adds a nice touch while you're lounging. 

More importantly, when we sat down with the events manager, we were totally upfront about our budget, and instead of just saying they were out of our range, he went through their entire package and suggested things that could be adjusted to make it work with what we had. The customer service we received from them continued to be fantastic all the way through the actual wedding, down to the wait staff and banquet manager who were incredibly attentive to us and our guests. 

The rooms themselves were comfortable, clean, and quiet. We had champagne and chocolate covered strawberries waiting for us in our complimentary suite on the wedding night, and room service breakfast delivered the next morning.
First off, WOW.

I never review anything on yelp but just wow.

The front desk was so rude. They were supposed to give us complimentary water but when we went inside the room... no water?

And when we went down to ask for the water the lady just scoffed, like she was annoyed for asking something we deserved? 

Don't be fooled by the entrance and the pictures, this is probably the worst hotel I've stayed in at this price.

Please at least get better people to work at the front desk if you guys want to stay in business.

I'm giving one extra star just because the room service /housekeeping people were very nice, other than that this place is utter trash.
Hubby booked this hotel for our little getaway to Philadelphia.  The plus with this hotel, is that some places are within walking distance, like Target, Starbucks, CVS, etc. 

Hubby stated this hotel was supposed to be a 4-star hotel. I will 4-star for the lobby alone, but overall 3 to put it mildly. The lobby is decorated beautifully, until you get to your room. 

This was out first overnight trip anywhere since COVID, and came prepared with my own cleaning supplies plus gloves. We checked in sometime after 3pm. The front desk clerk asked us about parking, and hubby advised that we pre-paid and parked in the garage which is located within the hotel, but apparently the parking garage and the hotel are not on one accord, since the clerk was unaware of that the parking garage has a multi address, but we appreciated her checking and confirming the mix-up. 

We were given our keys to Room 1035. 
Upon entry, I checked every inch of the room and got out the cleaning supplies before putting out bags into the room. I am so glad I did clean, because this room needed it. The window sill was stained with appears to be coffee, and I am not sure if our room was a smoking or non-smoking room, reaked of smoke and you can see the cigarette burns on the curtains. And really, when was the last time these curtains were washed?? They were badly stained and filthy. The room was somewhat cleaned but from the amount of hair and debree found, there is no way this room was thoroughly cleaned especially in the wake of a pandemic.  

I wiped down the walls as well, since I found drink stains all around the hotel room. The outlets were deemed unsafe, loose or missing all together. The mini fridge, and the complementary water/coffee area, was not deemed clean at all. Found disgusting particles of crumbs in the area of the dish for the cream/sugar. Dust all over the lids (which I prefer sealed in plastic) and were thrown out. In the mini fridge, found stains on the door, shelves, and leftover items in it, like a old receipt, and I was not going to try to guess the date on it. The ceiling was cracked and pieces of ceiling was coming down. 

The bathroom... more hair found on the door, counter area, and around the tub and toilet.  Thank God most of my cleaning supplies were from the dollar store. I thoroughly cleaned each area and sprayed everything down. The tub had chipping paint in a couple of spots, and the drain was hardly connected.

The hotel does offer you a iron and ironing board, which needed a new cover (which is not expensive to replace). Thank I brought my steamer. There is a gym on the 4th floor available 24/7. They provided headphones, hand sanitizer, and towels. The gym was nice, but one of the air conditioners was leaking and it left a huge puddle of water, making it unsafe for users. I liked they had a restroom in the facility. Also they had a office facility available for guests,  and they are several restaurants within the hotel,  be prepared to spend $$$. However there are some great places to get to on foot, Uber/Lyft, or public transportation.  

Overall, I like the location of the hotel, but if your lobby looks like a 5-star, so should your rooms. 

Before checkout, which is 11, we were still in our room at 10 am, when housekeeping started knocking, we were finishing up last minute packing and changing our clothes. The price point was reasonable. 

*But I will say do not use the parking garage if you can help it.
This is described as a luxury hotel, and the prices are close to that description. But our stay was not luxurious.

The lobby is beautiful and stylish. There is fruit-infused water to drink. But past that, it's nothing more than a serviceable room. I've had great stays at other hotels in the area, but they weren't available. I couldn't help but compare this stay to those wonderful stays at hotels that were $100 less per night.

I'll give The Warwick this: the bed was comfortable, and the walls were thick enough that we didn't hear anyone else in the hotel. But for what we paid, I was incredibly disappointed. In a double-occupancy room, we got two towels and one wash cloth. No robes, no slippers. We got shampoo, conditioner, and soap--no Q-tips or other toiletries. 

There was no vent or window in the bathroom, so our room quickly became humid from the shower. I styled my hair in the room to avoid the serious steam in the bathroom (couldn't use the steamy vanity mirror), but that didn't help much. It was also very dark in the room, as we had two bedside lamps and a desk lamp. No overhead lighting, which made it hard to really check myself in the mirror or style my hair. When I tried to iron my black clothing, there wasn't much light to see if I was successful or not.

I suppose I could have called to ask for the toiletries, another wash cloth, and maybe a lamp by which to iron. But I didn't want to spend my time calling for things and waiting on things that I felt should have been provided. A free USA today and a Philly-themed headboard aren't really helpful. Other hotels offer additional amenities upon request; this hotel did not make that offer.

I left the hotel for an errand and it was raining. Unlike other nearby, similarly priced hotels, they did not have umbrellas available for guests to use while in town. 

We had to have a car to get out of the city during our stay. We attempted self-park, but getting in/out was a miserable experience that ended with us being told to back out down the alley and onto Rittenhouse Square. Instead, we paid the much higher valet rate, making our stay even more expensive. But I recommend that option to avoid the hassle of the self-park.

Staff didn't seem particularly eager to help.

I will avoid this brand of hotel going forward.
I stayed at the Hotel twice in a two week period.
Each time I was pleasantly greeted by desk staff who expedited my sign in and had me in my room within minutes.
I was assisted with my bags by very friendly bell service who showed me to my room.
My second stay, the desk remembered me from 10 days earlier and upgraded my room without request.

The lobby entry has been renovated to a very open and hip artsy and exciting contemporary design.
The rooms are large (almost too big) and clean with updated art work that promotes the best of Philly.
Amenities are optimal - new TV, clean carpet, fresh sheets; reasonably-sized bathroom with new fixtures and double mirror for makeup application and overflowing with towels and complimentary shampoos, scrubs and body washes.
A comfortable bathtub for those inclined. 
While the view from my room(s) lacked punch, the central location in Rittenhouse was ideal.
Everything I wanted to do/everywhere I wanted to go was walking distance.
Even a great 24 hr diner (Lil Pete's) across the street and pharmacy very close.
Excellent shopping, restaurants and other fun venues within a few blocks.

However, when I checked out from my second stay, I explained I wanted to reserve a room for a one-night stay the following month.
I was told there was availability but that the front desk could not enter a reservation.
Despite being treated like a VIP during my second stay, when I called one day later to secure a room, I was rudely and unapologetically declined by hotel reservations who explained there was a three (3) night minimum that particular weekend and I could not be accommodated because it was a busy weekend.
In fact, it was explained that the marathon was a priority weekend and only extended bookings (at a much higher nightly rate) would be accepted.
I understand business, but as a repeat and returning guest, I expected some priority.
Particularly as they expressly  acknowledged my previous stays at the hotel.
The visible hotel staff may have been courteous  but the faceless corporate automatons in reservations were notably impatient, unprofessional and offered no recourse. 
While I would have liked to make the Warwick Rittenhouse my "go-to" hotel in Philly, the denial of a reservation gave me the opportunity a few weeks later to explore an alternate local option which I will exercise when I travel to Philly over the coming year.

Four stars for my two stays, zero stars for the future.
This is a gorgeous hotel!  Very modern and sleek.  I experienced some issues with my Expedia reservation, but Marian was extremely helpful and provided some of the best customer service I've experienced in a really long time.  The room was nice, and we enjoyed the evening cocktail hour as well as the breakfast.  I would definitely stay here again.  

The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because of the rude front desk agent (I won't name names) I encountered when checking out.  She was very curt, never made eye contact, and never smiled.  She cut me off a few times before I could finish a statement/question. I understand that our jobs are hectic at times, especially when dealing with the public, but you have to remember that YOU applied for the job.  Act accordingly.
The interior is chic.

The rooms are chic.

The price is commensurate with a chic hotel.

But...the receptionists are totally basic and salty.

Yo Warwick, hire some models to align with your whole aesthetic.
booked via Groupon! The stay was very nice and pleasant. The walls are a bit thin but it posed no issue to me. Comfortable lodging and efficient staff. Beautiful hotel lobby!
Radisson Blu (Warwick) in Philadelphia, PA.
What went walking across our bed during the morning-
Why a bed bug!!
Called front desk immediately-they then sent someone in bldg engineering up to recover the bug & put in a cup. Incidentals were removed from our bill, & we were told to forward our dry cleaning bill to the hotel. Are they serious???? We are covered in bed bug bites!!! 
While the engineer has called us (telling us they take this sort of thing very seriously-yet managing to sort of blow off the seriousness of the situation). We still have not heard from the GM.
This is a disgrace as well as a health hazard. 
They refuse to reimburse us for cost of the room bc we booked it thru a discount site-as if the hotel receives no money from the other site for the room.
I'm sure other guests would love to know how this hotel treats it's guests after such a disgusting experience!!!
I can't get over this whole awful experience!!
After a quick taxi ride here from the 30th Street Station, I checked in quickly and smoothly. The lobby must have been renovated recently. It has the podium stand style checkin counters instead of one solid desk. They have elegant containers of hand sanitizer and trays of apples at the check-in podiums. Nice touch. 

The room was nice as well.  My room had a king size "Sleep Number Bed". My sleep number is 30. I was pretty cold in the room though. Even though I turned up the in room thermostat. Brrrr! I was cold. But I doubled up the comforter and piled it all on my side of the bed and I made out ok.

My meeting was in this same hotel so I had the opportunity to experience the Grand Ballroom as well. Nice. Lofty ceilings. Great A/V service. Plenty of outlets for laptops. We could have used an additional microphone or two or five but whatever.

I tried Tavern 17 (the lobby bar/restaurant), the Coffee Shop ~~~AND~~~  the fitness center. Separate reviews on each by the way.  The lobby serves hot apple cider all afternoon. Its a good thing, too. Because it was cold out there.

I enjoyed each day and night of my stay at the Radisson Warwick Plaza Hotel. I'm a fan.
Bedbugs!!!

My wife stayed here for a business trip in Philly from 1/27-29/2010. According to her price, location, and service were all great. Until she went to sleep in her king bed room on the penthouse level.

After the first night she woke up with random itching sensations and didn't think much of it because there was no obvious bite. The second night she woke up during the night noticing itching in different areas. This time she noticed bites where she had itched the night before. 

And in bed, she found an actual bedbug! The manager was not very understanding and gave her a voucher for only one-night stay (after two nights of discomfort).
Got a room here at a pretty good rate thanks to Hotwire.

Here's what I liked:

- Nice concierge
- Able parking attendants
- Comfortable bed/room
- Refurbished hallways 
- Nice new TVs
- Free refreshing water in the lobby (helpful during a heat wave)

Here's what I didn't like:
- Crazy expensive parking
- Rooms were renovated (yay!), but inherent old design of room remains (low ceilings, thin walls, small windows, small bathroom
- Loud elevator sounds
- Insane climate control (AC gets either way too cold, or sometimes spews heat when you turn up the temperature above 70F)

Hey for the price I paid, I can't really complain and the experience was mostly excellent.  But do keep an eye on some of the details I pointed out.
Used this hotel for a business booking, they charged the wrong card (the employee instead of the company) and wouldn't rectify the mistake.
The Warwick (Radisson) Hotel = TOTALLY and absolutely fine! 

That's what I kept thinking when I was there. Oh, wow...this is totally fine. Totally fine with this coffee maker in room. Totally fine with this desk setup. Totally fine with the surprisingly spacious digs. Totally fine with the pretty nice service. Totally fine with the bath products. Totally fine with the location, ok lied...location is ABSOLUTELY awesome in Rittenhouse Square, walking distance to basically anything you'd want and very easy to catch a cab. 

Booked on Priceline for $195 a night, which seems pretty steep for this type of hotel, but others in the area were going for $350+, a bit out of my travel budget. A lot out of my travel budget! Probably some large event or convention in town, or perhaps people really wanted to see if they could fry eggs on Philly sidewalks and streets. Yes, heat wave up in here!

The good news for me and my traveling companion is that the AC was cranked so intensely, we were freezing in our rooms. And it was GLORIOUS! I just couldn't even bring myself to turn it "up." After long days of Amtrak, Megabus, meetings, parties...this was a cool sanctuary to pass out in. For sure. 

I had a very pleasant one-night stay at this hotel and wouldn't hesitate to stay again. Very clean, yet humble hotel with a surprisingly beautiful lobby, standard amenities and a great location. Check for deals, as I believe this week was pretty overpriced due to extenuating circumstances, but was still the best deal in town. 

Plus, real cream for coffee in the morning!? AND free wi-fi! Ya really know how to treat a girl right.
For the love of God; no. The rooms are DARK, the bathroom tubs are peeling, the service is lacking, the employees are rude, the "business lounge" is worse than a 7/11 gas station snack section. 

Firstly, when we checked in, nothing but TUDE from the girl behind the desk. We got up to our room, and it was dark as a cave. Tiny windows that led straight out to another building. We decided to call to see if we could move. The TUDE lady said no, but she would upgrade our keys so we could access the lounge with free breakfast and snacks. "Okay" we said. We like snacks. 

We took the long journey to the lounge, because we like cheese, and what did we find? Only a lone bell pepper strip and pitchers of water, and some rank looking ranch dressing.  we left, back to our cave room. 

Couple days later, we went to do laundry in the "complimentary" laundry room. I will spare you the details, but all I can say is DISASTER. I witnessed some of the worst customer service.

In the event I return to Philly, I will take great lengths to avoid this place. 

Goodbye.
Looks are deceiving. We walked in and were so warmly greeted by valet and the entrance to the lobby is glowing and beautiful.
When we arrived at the check in desk we were told that they had overbooked the hotel for an event and that our room was taken. Literally drove and hour and a half in traffic for a birthday event in the city and not a single warning when we arrived that we wouldn't be staying at the hotel we booked. I'll have you know, I booked this room 3 weeks in advance and they literally waited until I arrived to tell me I wasn't staying there. 
They then tried to relocate to a hotel by the airport. I chose center city for its location and the plans I had for the night and they wanted to transfer my guests and I all the way out to the airport. 
One of my guest accompanied with was pregnant too. She's traveling 9months/her final weeks of pregnancy for one last event before she would have to settle down with her first child and was rejected a stay after almost a two hour drive to the city. 
What hotel cancels your room and doesn't tell you ahead of travel?! So rude and unprofessional.
We picked the Warwick for its central location on Super Bowl weekend, but I can't say I will be back. I was pleasantly surprised that we were upgraded at check-in to include breakfast in our stay, but that breakfast was reeeeeeeeally underwhelming. Unless you're really pressed for time/wanting to save a buck, I'd suggest going to the myriad of other restaurants in the Rittenhouse area.

Our room was nice, though we were pretty close to the elevator and could hear the comings and goings of everyone on our floor. Room service was prompt and checkout was easy. The valet is steep (I think almost $50/night) so I was able to find garage parking nearby for about half that.
Walking in you think you're getting a swanky upgraded hotel. Lobby definitely has all the bells and whistles but once you get to your room it's like they threw some new furniture in there but no finishing touches. The plus is I'm on the business floor with free breakfast, so I'll see how that is in the morning.
Tastefully decorated from the time that I've arrived at the steps and right up to my room.  The area of Rittenhouse is beautiful and preserved, the Warwick is conventionally situated. It reminds me of being in Manhattan but on a smaller scale.  The front desk agents are very helpful and friendly, housekeeping ladies are attentive and they've kept the room spic and span. 

The Warwick is now one of favorite places to stay.  

Great visit!!
My travel partner thinks I should give this 4 stars, but he is far less picky than I am. We received an amazing rate on Hotwire (50% discount), so we decided to stay here at the last minute.

Pros
-The staff was insanely friendly and helpful: everyone from the front desk people to bellmen/parking attendants. 
-The location is nice. Far enough away from the crazy touristy areas, one block from Rittenhouse Square, 1 mile from 30th St. Station, nearby shopping, etc. 
-Hotel was clean. 
- The lobby is aesthetically pleasing, although, it needs more seating. 
- Free wifi! Yes, FREE!
-iHome radio in room. Very convenient for Apple users.

Cons
-The elevator was not working when we arrived. Since we were on the 9th floor, with suitcases, we had to wait 25 minutes before we were able to get on the elevator. When the elevator did resume, we had to wait for all of the residents of the building to be escorted to the front of the line, so they could be taken up first.  I realize things happen, but it was super annoying and not a great first impression. I feel bad for the poor guy that was stuck IN the elevator for 30 minutes. He was not happy. 
- The TV was small, for the distance we were from it, and had a fuzzy picture. 
- The lights in the entry way to our room (where the full length mirror was) did not work.
- Horrendous, cheap carpet in the hallways. Lobby and carpet is a contradiction in decor.  

Overall, based on location and cleanliness, we would probably consider staying here again if we were to receive the same rate.
Got a great price through Priceline.com, but I have one knock that really annoyed me. We put the order through for 3 adults and got booked a king sized room. Not sure whose fault that was, probably Priceline, but we were able to get this corrected at check-in. The issue I have is that I got hit an extra $25 a day to have a room with two beds. Didn't think that was right.

Besides that issue, it's a wonderful place. The rooms are modest but clean, beds comfy, free waters and coffee, big screen TV, modern style.

The location is awesome. Anything you would need is within walking distance. Bars, restaurants, lounges, conscience store, coffee places, fast food, clothing stores. In the lobby there is access to 3 different food places: The Tavern 17, The Coffee Bar, and The Prime Rib. the Prime Rib seems like a high end steakhouse, probably won't get to it during this visit. We got here in the afternoon, so I didn't experience The Coffee Bar yet but will in the morning. We had dinner at Tavern 17 and it was great (wrote a review for that as well). Also across the street is a 24 hour pizza place (cash only) which would definitely come in hand if I had my party pants on this weekend.

I read a review about parking where somebody said they couldn't find a parking garage. Their weed must of been really good because there are like 5 parking lots around there. The hotels lot is like $35 a day and $45 a day for valet but you can come and go as you please. We parked a block down at a place cAlled Patroit parking. $21 for 24 hours but you can't come and go as you please. It's the best deal we've seen.

The lobby is so cool looking and Tavern 17 will serve you in the seats in the lobby next to fire place. VERRRY cool. The staff has been very welcoming thus far. Plus I'm a die-hard NY Giants fan rocking my red, white, and blue in Eagles country and still have been treated nicely! 

Very happy with everything with the hotel, but they lost a star for holding me up for the extra $25 a day.
This place was great!!!

I stayed here one night with my husband on our wedding night and was not disappointed! Checking in was fast and we were able to get an inexpensive upgrade with a beautiful view! The building itself is beautiful and the front lobby was breathtaking. 

I was slightly wary previous to our stay due to some of the negative Yelp reviews, but I think they're out-dated because I didn't experience anything subpar. Also, I believe they have done a recent remodeling.

Overall, everything was clean and beautiful.
Never again 

1 i called to make sure i would get foam pillows. I arrived at midnight and got duck. Took 20 minutes to get foam - no apologies 

2- shower never worked right. Either too hot or too cold

3- clock didn't work 

4- fire alarm went off. Maybe not their fault but I'll blame them
We did a groupon then decided to stay an extra night and the concierge (ginger European dude with a beard?) was not helpful at all about booking a second night, so I ended up doing it on my phone and we switched rooms in the morning based on what was available. The sheets and the bathrobe had tears in them.

The rooms and the lobby are gorgeous and swanky, and very spacious, and the location is great and convenient to shopping, bars, and restaurants. Our second night room was an upgrade to club level, so we were able to enjoy the complimentary breakfast bar and cocktail hour drinks/hors d'oeuvres (self-service). They need to hire additional staff for the lounge since there were plates left everywhere from other hotel patrons and one girl had to both restock the food and drinks, and try to tidy up. The female concierge/receptionist who helped us when we "checked back in" was really kind and helpful. I appreciate that the room had a nespresso machine and not just a regular coffee maker... although it wasn't plugged in or placed near an accessible outlet so I had to move it. 

I don't know what the point of offering a groupon deal is if you're just going to treat the clientele weird, or maybe that concierge was just having an off-night, but it was kind of annoying and off-putting. 

Pro-tip: the 24-hour valet parking garage on 17th street is $28 per day, which is cheaper than the hotel garage.
The Warick is a great hotel in a perfect location in downtown Philly. This neighborhood boasts good restaurants and shopping.
The hotel has a complimentary breakfast and a nice bar for a drink with colleagues. There is a nice lobby to wait and work as well. This is a good choice for business when we are often traveling alone and need some perks for being a road warrior.
okay let me preface this by saying that the hotel by itself was very pretty, clean and modern. My friends and I went to stay for our friend's birthday. Then when we tried to check in, (check in is at 3, we got there at 3:30, mind you) our room wasn't ready... and 6 different groups checked in as we stood there at the front desk. The woman at the desk was very polite, and had told us the 'supervisor' was in the room inspecting it. We had an early dinner reservation at 4:15, and TWENTY-FIVE minutes later we get a room and go up to it. Upon our arrival, we came across housekeeping just starting to clean the room! About another 10 minuted and a manager comes by and finally lets us in to the room next to it, with 10 minutes left to get ready and run down to dinner. All that was done about this: waived the valet fee. Whoopdi-freakin-do.
Booked our stay using Groupon. All staff was extremely friendly and accommodating- from the valet guys, door men, front desk staff and housekeepers. 
Parking was expensive ($45 per 24 hour period) however well worth the money with limited parking options and tons of parking restrictions on the surrounding streets. 
Beds were comfortable. Shower was decent. 

Location was about a mile walk to Independence Hall. 

I would stay here again or recommend it to a friend.
The outside facade & hotel entrance give the impression that you'll be staying at a location where you'll feel pampered and relaxed. Front desk staff and valet staff are friendly. 
Unfortunately, that is the best I can do with complementing this place.
First, the acoustics are wild - you can hear everything going on in the other rooms.
Secondly, if I were to compare pillows to pancakes, there pillows are crepes (I put them on top of the other [x3] & it was the height of a small water bottle). Unlike delicious crepes, these pillows leave you unsatisfied & uncomfortable. The beds are rock hard, combine that with the "pillows" & you're in for an uncomfortable nights sleep. I've never wanted to get out of bed so badly. 
Also, when we arrived (4pm) there was an open water bottle and some pills in the hallway entrance to our room, we left the room around 6pm & it was still there, we came back around midnight & it was still there, we left around 11am & it was still there. 
Felt generally like an unkempt, subpar hotel.  Left disappointed.
Anson at the front desk is the only reason this hotel got more than one star from me. He was awesome and the self-proclaimed hotel mascot. The lobby is also impressive and I found myself thinking..."this is a Radisson??"  That didn't last long. 

Checked in around 4pm. Room they tried to give me they had to check on and it turned out to be not cleaned yet. I received a room on the 5th floor. Once I arrived to this room, I realized why they were trying to give me a different one...There's two double beds and they are SMALL. My window is facing a brick wall and there is zero sunlight in the room. 

Having arrived hungry after not eating all day, I found out that they do not have room service between breakfast and dinner. I tried calling once they opened and no one answered until 15 minutes after opening time. I placed my order and it arrived about a half hour later. They left and I realized half the order wasn't there. I called five times, getting an answering machine each time and finally got someone on the sixth try. They said they'd check on the rest of the order and subsequently brought it up free of charge. Again, staff is very, very nice but it seems this place is very, very understaffed on room service and housekeeping. I feel sorry for the folks that work here because it seems there's some issues with management. 

I am in Philly often and have had plenty of great experiences at hotels. I am very happy that my time here is relegated to just one night and am, frankly, very surprised at the price for what you get here. I will not be back.
Our second stay here, great location walking distance from all of the hot spots near Rittenhouse Square. They have done some renovations which have made the hotel note appealing. The ambiance is just....beautiful! It's really a great hotel in a great location. The staff is friendly and attentive which is always a plus in my book. 

The only reason I am giving it 4 stars is because of the valet parking. I understand that the hotel is in a prime location, and it is a good hotel rate for the area but the valet parking could be included or at a reduced rate. My only complaint. Other than the parking everything was great.
This hotel is a total scam!!! The pictures online when you go to book look great but once you enter the elevators it all goes down hill! I checked in about an hour and half ago. I got my room and wanted to rest after flying in on a red eye. I get into the bes and within minutes my entire body starts to itch. I turn the lights on and find there to be Bed bugs and hair in the bed. Gross!!! I quickly get dressed and go down to tell front desk. Robert helped me out. Seems like he has zero authority to do anything and refused to give me a refund. Said insurance company they have has to reach out and make a decision based on their investigation lol. Well I have pictures to prove it all. Don't stay here. Better off on the street it's cleaner than this dump! Marcelis the security officer who wrote up the report even told me this place is a nightmare. Thank you for being honest and helpful. I'll wait till Monday for  the refund after their investigation. DO NOT STAY HERE
I stayed at the Warwick on 12/17/16. I purchased a Groupon based on the reviews on Groupon and Yelp. The reviews weren't raving but they were okay. Upon arrival to the hotel (on a Saturday night), the parking situation was horrendous. The valet staff seemed to be working hard, but there was a line of cars going down the street. I drove around twice to find the self check garage as recommended by the front desk staff. This garage was worse than trying to use valet. There was a back up on the narrow two-way street and no one was there to greet drivers and assist in the parking process. After several minutes of waiting and frustration setting in, I decided to go to another garage. They weren't personable, but I was in and out in less than three minutes. 

Once back at the Warwick, the bellhops greeted us to ask if we were checking out. Not sure why since it was after 7pm and we were walking into the building. But whatever. Once inside, the lobby looked just like the pictures and I was impressed. The woman at the desk was very nice and pulled up my information and checked me right in. The assigned room was on the 10th floor and was allegedly super nice. I will never know because I never got to stay in that room. When I got to room 10**, the door was cracked open when I stuck my card in the slot. As I proceeded to push on the door, it started to push me back and I'm thinking "Ummmm what's going on?" So I pushed it harder. It was then and almost simultaneously that I noticed a bag and a purse on the dresser and a woman behind the door seemingly naked saying something in a foreign language. At first, I thought she was housekeeping but ruled that out due the purse and absence of a cart. I started to have a conversation with her but didn't want to seem like a pervert and just gave up and went back to the front desk. 

I explained to the same woman what happened but her nonchalant response pretty much said 'oh well. Let's just get you another room.' I was reassigned another room on the 9th floor. I asked if it was as nice as the initial room allegedly was (minus the naked lady) and she said yes. When I arrived to 918 or 917, I wasn't impressed. It looked like any hotel room except it had a very nice television. The bathroom looked nothing like the pictures on the hotel website so I was highly disappointed. It was no different from a bathroom at a Holiday Inn or Marriott. No offense to either. I just had high hopes based on the pictures. Beyond that, my only other complaint about the room was the view or lack there of. I had the pleasure of opening my curtains to the top of another building and looking at their cooking and ventilation systems. Needless to say, my curtains remained closed and I did without sunlight for the next 17 hours. 

I can say I slept peacefully and the checkout process was seamless. Other than that, I got nothing. I would not stay here again without a Groupon or free night.
Stayed here over the weekend with my wife.  Staff was friendly, and room was great.  I left my blazer in the closet, and called when I discovered this later that day.  Took a few messages and ~20 minutes on hold to speak with somebody.  Although the room was still empty, no blazer.  Was assured that someone would call back "first thing" the next day, nobody did.

I know that it was my mistake to have left the jacket in the room, but it's hard to understand how it could not have been turned in by housekeeping.  A follow up call would have been professional as well.
Going to a fantastic event like the Yelpies influenced my decision to stay in Philly for a couple extra days, So after I Shatnered up a good deal on Priceline, I was ecstatic to see my stay end up being at the Radisson Blu Warwick. With my many visits to coffee Bar (http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-coffee-bar-philadelphia) I've been able to get a good glimpse at the hotel's interior, and with a previous stay (which I can't get into too much detail for the sake of not revealing too much from a friend's bachelor party) leaving me satisfied, I felt that I would be in good hands. And overall the Radisson delivered a beyond satisfactory hotel experience.

The room and bed were both comfortable, and I loved the touch of them adding recognizable Philly icons like Rocky and the Love Statue into the decor. The bathroom was also adequate in size and featured plenty of solid amenities.

The fitness center could have featured a bit more equipment, especially for abdominal department. But it did give a good cardio and weightlifting experience while offering good perks like Ipod hookups, plenty of outlets to charge your phone on, and free apples. With my good experiences in Coffee Bar, and Prime Rib being a highly regarded steakhouse; I was expecting to get more out of Tavern 17 than it being a basic run of the mill hotel bar. But while it was that, it did have a better than basic beer menu, especially when enjoyed during happy hour with discounted food options.

With all of the above and it just being a block away from Rittenhouse Square, the Warwick is definitely a hotel that I'd recommend to anyone visiting, and would definitely be ecstatic over Shatnering a deal for myself again!
Disappointed.

Booked this hotel a couple weeks in advance for one night and for the amount that paid (over $200) I was expecting a much better experience. 

We arrived at the hotel and used the valet parking because we couldn't find the parking garage. When we found it, it was way after the fact.

We checked into the hotel at the front desk and were told the rooms were not ready. We had arrived AFTER check in time. After holding us up for a bit, they finally let us check into the rooms but were told that they were return with hand towels. We were provided with our keys and checked out the rooms. We noticed the ceiling has several cracks, one very large one right above the bed. This didn't feel safe or secure. The room was also dirty, trash on the floor and obvious that the room was never vacuumed. The bathroom was dingy and the toilet was making a horrendous loud noise. We had to run out to meet our friends in town and once we returned, we asked to have our rooms switched. 

A hotel attendant delivered the new room keys to us and we returned the old room keys. They had to downsize us from a Urban King Room with a sitting area to a Queen size room with no sitting area. It was a drastically smaller. But this room was cleaner and had a bathroom that didn't make obnoxious noise. Because they had no rooms equivalent to the room that we paid for, we asked to be refunded the difference since it was a vast difference. They agreed do so after discussing it with their management which we very much appreciated.

For the amount that we paid for this hotel, it was not worth it.

Afterwards we looked around at other hotels in the area, some being very nice and luxurious boutique hotels we saw that they were actually more affordable and pet friendly which we would have loved to bring our small dog. 

I agree with some of the other Yelpers in saying that their gym, coffee bar, breakfast bar and such are not obvious and very hard to locate. Additionally their elevators are really small and cannot hold many people or luggage so we've had to wait for elevators most of the time.

We won't be returning. We will definitely stay at the surrounding hotels in the area. I wish we read the reviews before booking with this hotel.
This hotel is a ruse. It is the pure embodiment of lipstick on a pig. It is poorly managed and nothing more than a fancy lobby to greet you that gives no hint of the poor construction and poor service that will plague you throughout your stay. Stay away.
I was at the Warwick for an overnight stay. I was expecting a relaxing, peaceful night but my stay ended up being the opposite of that.

PROS
+ The location is fantastic. There's plenty of dining and shops around the area and the hotel is just a block away from Rittenhouse Square. 
+ Upon entering the hotel, the lobby is gorgeous and notably the only area of the hotel where it gives off the luxurious, swanky vibe.
+ When checking-in, the front desk staff were friendly. 
+ There's also fruit-infused water in the lobby. In the rooms, there's your standard coffee/tea starter kits and two complimentary bottles of water.

CONS
- The Room. Maybe it was the luck of the draw, but the room we got had broken light fixtures and it seemed outdated.
- The walls are paper thin...you can hear EVERYTHING. Including whenever your neighbor decides to profusely flush and rinse at 3am.
- Be prepared to sacrifice your arm for valet parking ($52/day) or your leg for self parking ($44/day). 
- The beautiful view of the shady alleyway. Again, it was not a big issue since I was out and about most of the time, but it's not the most pleasant thing to look at when you're supposedly staying at an upscale "luxurious" hotel.

Overall, the stay here was more along the lines of a 3 star hotel. If you are a light sleeper, I'd avoid this hotel and pick another brand in the area.
Stayed here with hubby for a night while he was on a business trip.  He had a nice room on the eleventh floor.  I believe this is the concierge level so it came with some extra perks.  Not only that but he had a really large corner room.  

The room (#1119) had really nice space, a king bed, large TV, desk and chairs.  The bed was comfortable and the TV got a good amount of stations.  You could occasionally hear things from the hallway but it was mostly quiet and no disturbances during the night.

On the eleventh floor there is lounge that has breakfast and a cocktail hour at no extra charge.  The breakfast was quite good, as was the cocktail hour.

Parking here is valet only and is quite expensive.  We found the Latimer Garage nearby for half the price.  If you don't need in and out privileges I would recommend parking there instead.
Although the hotel is in a very convenient and upscale part of Philly- near Rittenhouse Square, the hotel is dated. Furniture and fixtures are older with dings/scratches/rust and should be replaced. The hotel has the appearance of class and high end decour, but when you look closer, they do not pay attention to detail nor update the furnishings. The curtains, carpet and various areas of the room are dusty, the AC units are loud. The air in the room is dry and has a faint mildew smell. The beds are sort of soft and takes a minute to get comfortable in to fall a sleep.
The staff over all is friendly. Front staff, bellhop, room service and house keeping are accommodating to some degree. You should examine your billing statement carefully, they make careless mistakes in room service billing....$600plus in charges for a $100 meal. Further,  the valet and garage staff are carless with vehicles, reversing back through the street and side alley when  paid to valet your car.
My Luxury car was damaged while garagein their car. They denied the claim about $3000 in damages by stating that they did not see anything on the video camera. Park somewhere else if you can.
The 3 attached restaurants vary in cuisine and are okay. Prime Rib more upscale and over priced. Spice Finch more casual with Mediterranean style. Coffee grounds very casual.  Since I travel quite a bit and stay in hotels, I recommend you find a better hotel deal somewhere else...unless you like the convenience of the neighborhood. 
Very Disappointing Stay
Wir sind in diesem Hotel fr 2 Tage untergekommen und der erste Eindruck war sehr laut, da derzeit noch Renovierungsarbeiten in der Lobby statt fanden. Diese sollen bis Oktober abgeschlossen sein. Das Zimmer und auch das Badezimmer hat eine angenehme Gre. Leider hatte man im Hotel das Gefhl, dass wir nur eine Nacht bleiben und so wurde unser Zimmer nicht gereinigt. Erst als wir am Nachmittag zurck kamen und es ansprachen, behob man den Fehler im System und schickte das Housekeeping aufs Zimmer. Als wir dann abends das Zimmer verlieen und spter zurckkamen, erlebten wir etwas Einmaliges...unsere Keycard funktionierte, auch nach mehrten Versuchen, nicht mehr (gelbes Licht statt grn). Aus Verzweiflung haben wir einfach mal den Trgriff benutzt und die Tr ffnete sich. Knnte mit der Karte geklappt haben, aber wir schlossen die Tr wieder und konnten die Tr, ohne Karte, ca. 20x mal einfach so ffnen. Unglaublich. Kurz bevor der Hausmeister kam, hrten wir ein techn. Surren an der Tr und es klappte wieder wie gedacht. Wir wollten uns nicht vorstellen, wir einfach es war einfach so in unser Zimmer zu kommen und Dinge zu entwenden. Hoffentlich kein wiederkehrender Fehler
Timeframe: Stayed for two nights.

Price: Only about $330 for two nights in July 2015

Hotel: Hotel looks very nice from the outside and inside! It is in a very hip and popular part of philly called Rittenhouse. The lobby is grand, white, clean and very modern. There are plenty of places to sit to wait for your friends and family. 

Room: The room was quite big! Granted I did book a 2 bed room. My friend stayed at the double tree 3 blocks away and it was not nearly as spacious. Plenty of space to walk around plus you get a lounge area. Plus hallways where so long and this room was so far from the elevator that I really didnt hear much noise.

Views: From the 5th floor I was able to see the beautiful row homes. 

Linens: No complaints on the linens.

Elevator: Elevators was fast.

Bathroom: Nothing to rave about but they did provide plenty of towels daily.

Overview: Would definitely recommend this place for anyone who can get a decent price.
2 Divas' Journey recently stayed here and we were very happy with our stay! Room was nice, spacious and clean! Great location off 17th & Locust in the Rittenhouse area. There are a lot of places within walking distance like Federal Donuts, Honeygrow, and Lil Petes right across the street. The lobby is something you MUST spend some time in, with the lush seating and fireplaces you can sit and have some hot chocolate, meet new people or people watch outside!! Fall and Winter are the best times to enjoy this! The best part of the lobby is the story on the walls and the carpet. So cool and ask the front desk for a card to show the background behind the story....very eclectic! 

Only issue we had was the price of the valet which is $40, you can come and go as many times as you want but we felt that was a little pricey. They also have a garage but depends if you want the ease of valet because there is only a $6 difference between the two options!

Would definitely stay there again however because of the location and rooms.
The hotel was nice enough but billing and customer service has been a near nightmare since we left. 

I'll try to keep this short.

My entire family attended a private event at the restaurant there about a week ago. Free valet parking for the night with the hotel stay was promised, so we all had our cars valet parked. When we got inside though, no one seemed to know anything about it.. We booked our rooms on the website with the promo code to get the free parking, I'm not making it up.. I tried asking employees about it but none of the staff seemed to care much.. They weren't making an effort to figure out how to give us the free parking or help us. That was $45 out the window for each of us. Big bummer.

Next, I found out they gave my room to my dad who arrived there an hour before I did. (I guess the person up front just asked his last name, which is the same as mine). It was no good, when I went to check in, they gave me keys to his room... So my girlfriend and I walk into what we think is our room only to find my dad sleeping on the bed...Yeah. 
It was all messed up so we went back down, told them about it and they decided to just give me my fathers room.. so essentially we switched. But they redid all our credit card info which I didn't like..But whatever I just did it because at that point I wasn;t feeling good about the night so far. 
I thought it was all good from there, what else could go wrong? Haha, okay, In the end, I was charged for my dad's room AND someone else's room! I'm assuming my dad was charged for my room but who knows!? Maybe he payed for a strangers room without knowing too! It's a big ball of crappy confusion. 

I called the hotel today as soon as I found out I was charged wrong and the lady on the phone told me I have to call back 2 days from now because the accountant isn't in. She was short with me and again, didn't seem to care, didn't apologize for anything.. It's like, you guys messed up so much! It feels like they just don't care. I hope I can get it all straightened out, I guess I'll find out in two days..

With the rooms here being $250 and up, I cant believe the service. No way I'm ever going back. 

If you stay here CHECK YOUR BANK ACCOUNT AFTER!
We've stayed here several times and have had a great experience each time! The location is phenomenol, with the back of the hotel facing Rittenhouse Square. 
Fun fact- this hotel is also a registered landmark! 

*secret tip*
when you stay here, always request an 09' room. ( what I mean by that is lets say fourth floor- 409, fifth floor -509 etc.) Each floor has one and they are always a little larger then the rest of the rooms on the floor. It just has to do with the original layout and design of the building and as a result, the 09' rooms have more square footage yet cost the same! We found out from an employee there and always request 09's now. They are  noticably bigger!
Came here for a wedding, did not stay here, so this review is based on the wedding experience only!!!

There was a cocktail hour, which was in a room upstairs down the hall from where the reception would be. There were two small bars that did the job. The room was slightly crowded but that got people mingling. Many times, I heard, "well, how do you know the bride of groom?" The passed appetizers were plentiful and there was also a station in the middle of the room. That is perhaps why the room was crowded.

The reception had a large dance floor and two bars (both located at the same location though, so two lines). I had the beef dish which was excellent. The temperature was great and a good size portion. Everyone was served at once regardless of their food selection. The service was excellent!
I have stayed here on numerous occasions. I like the convenience, manageable cost and area it's located in. Upon checking in this time around, we attempted to get in our room but were unable to do so since the keys didn't work. They tell me "don't keep them near cc's". I told the front desk I just checked in and they weren't even put in my pocket yet. So that's strike 1. Strike 2 is upon entering our room someone was in there. Apparently it's a security guard. Ummm, why does security need to go into a room that hasn't been check in yet (mind you we checked in around 8pm). Called the front desk, no apologies just a bs answer. Strike 3, Stayed 2 nights, room was never cleaned...called front desk again bs answer and "we will send up clean items". Never happened. I really liked this hotel and everything about it. After this experience, I will check in somewhere else. I visit Philly often and it's a shame.
I will give this hotel 4 stars for an overall good experience but their is room for improvement. Check in was pretty easy and quick. The room came in with two bottles of water in the house. Had a small issue tooth fridge, however they sent a maintenance man to fix it quickly.

The room was overall clean and bed was comfy. The bathroom was a decent size as well. I tried the gym and it wasn't too bad it works but the weights and some of the machines are definitely outdated. What's nice is they offer you towels and green apples though.

Some of my small complaints include the walls were a little thin. I literally can here water flowing through pipes when someone on my floor showered. In addition, something was up with water temperature in the bathroom. It was very difficult to keep it consistent. 

On a positive noted the lobby as you come in is very nice and welcoming and I like the fact that their are fire places.
I would avoid this hotel,  they are across from a construction site which they never mention.  After a mix up in our reservation (not their fault) they had me wait for over 2 hours in the lobby while someone cleaned a room. Once I checked in it was full of cigarette smoke and ashes smeared on the carpet.  Took another bit of time for them to move me,  got to sleep at 3am.  7am the jackhammers started up.
Worst hotel experience I have ever had,  no one even called back when I left a message about my experience.
Call me old fashioned but when I walk up to the reception desk to check in I expect a "Hello", "Welcome", or some sort of greeting.  A smile would be terrific!  Don't these people realize they have chosen a customer service profession?  Does management do nothing to train and supervise?

Pathetic. 

Shortish, white girl, long dark hair....perhaps being a postal carrier or some solitary profession would be more suitable. Consider it.
I stayed at the warwick for a night. The lobby is beautiful and the attendant at the front desk was pleasant but the room itself was just ok. I didn't mind much because we did a lot of sight seeing so we didnt spend much time in our room. I was upset about the $52 valet parking charge though. I didnt see that coming, would have been nice if they notified me. The location is convenient, only reason why I would possibly stay here again.
This hotel has engaged in shady dealings and services and has not done anything to make things right.  We came for a two night stay with our children to look at colleges.  The room next door was "rented" to patrons who blasted loud rap music all night and who wee smoking pot and engaging in illegal activities.   I called the front desk three times.  The lady told me security was going to take care of the guests. They did nothing. Instead - we ended up having to pack our own bags and move our own room at 1:30 AM.  We were told that the people staying the room were not responding to security and that the police were going to be called.  

Today - we spoke to the manager - Cres.  She did NOT DO ONE THiNG to make things right. She told me she was still investigating the situation- eighteen hours later????  They did not even send me a bottle of wine or a lunch or a dinner or comp us the room. They did not one thing.  Further - Cres advised that they did not even know if the room last night was actually sold last night. This means that someone let the dirt bags in the room next door stay there free of change - someone in security or at the front desk- let them engage in illegal drugs and other acts and then did nothing!  Cres could not even tell me whether the police were called or not!  Really?  18 hours later and you don't know or have a report as to whether the police were called to your hotel or not?  It seems as we paid for a four star hotel - yet there is some sort of prostitution ring going on here! And the management knows about it and is doing nothing.   Do not stay here!    They do not care about their patrons.
Usually stay at the Sofitel when in Philly, but opted for a change this time! The public spaces are great, but the rooms are lacking! While spacious, the rooms are tired, and they don't clean the HVAC units! Also, there was no, and I mean NO, hot water at night! Location is great, but I'll look elsewhere before staying here again.
I don't understand where these low ratings are coming from. We live in Philly but were having our floors redone and had to be out of our home for 4 days. Two of my friends stayed here last fall and loved it so we decided to stay here too. It's also much more affordable than the others in the same area. All staff was lovely at every interaction. Due to covid they are not cleaning the rooms daily but will bring you anything you need if you call and they're very prompt. The location is also great and we loved that it was dog friendly, even though our pups didn't join us for this stay. We were super happy with our 4 night stay (last Thurs-Mon) and give the staff all the credit in the world for continuing to work throughout the pandemic and maintaining a friendly attitude throughout it all. We'd totally stay here again!
- Front desk staff was great. Only problem I had was when I was heading to the airport at 4:30am the day of departure. After calling down to the valet SIX times with no answer to ask them to ready my car, I took my valet ticket down to the front desk. The woman at the front desk called it in to the valet, who actually picked up the phone, and said they'd bring the car around. After waiting about 15 mins the valet guy comes in to the front desk looking confused. Turns out the woman at the front desk gave him the wrong ticket number for my car. Took another 5-10 mins to get my car brought around to the front. I almost missed my flight, but thank goodness I made it. Valet is $40 per day. 

- Came back after a long day of client meetings and found that the housekeeper had conveniently left my toothbrush on the bathroom floor of my room. Gross! 

- Fitness Center desperately needs some attention. Went on three different ellipticals and all were broken. The TVs on many machines were also broken. 

Overall this is a comfortable hotel with nice furnishings(except for the fitness center).
The lobby is nice. The rooms aren't bad looking. I am writing this from my bed here in pain! The bed is hard as a rock! I like softer beds, my husband likes firmer ones. Neither one of us were able to sleep well on this one! They must have gotten a special with this! We booked our room through Priceline, it was only 30 cheaper than their published price, but they stuck us in from of the elevator. So anytime people came off talking, laughing or singing....we were serenaded. Because it is in the city I did not expect a big room, but it was. Yet the bathroom is minuscule and the idiot who designed it has the door swinging in instead of out. It is almost impossible to step in there! Avoid this place at all costs. Valet is $40 which is the norm for big cities. But horrid hotel.
I decided to take a little road trip late Saturday & we ended up in Philly, with the hopes of getting a cheesesteak.  Since the trip was not planned & it was during COVID rooms were limited & some hotels weren't answering, I guess because it was so late.  After contacting several hotels with no success,  I called the Warwick & they had a clean room available.   Thank goodness!!! There is a parking garage connected to the hotel that cost about $40.  Check-in was quick & the front desk staff was courteous.  The lobby was nice.  The room was an average room & it was clean.  That's all that mattered to me. Overall this is a decent & quiet place to stay, I would stay here again.
An absolute disappointment. I stayed here some years ago and Rittenhouse is one of my favorite areas in the city, since I recently gave up my condo in the city, I've been frequenting hotels in the city and we decided to give the Warwick a shot. Because of its historic reputation I was looking forward to our stay and to say we were let down would be an understatement. Staff treated us dry at best, before we even walked in. Once we made our way to the room, common areas on our floor did not look clean. Walking into the room there were multiple things broken/not working properly and it did not look/feel clean. Luggage rack was broken, one of the lamps looked broken, phone did not work properly, the shower wouldn't work unless the faucet was running making it feel like the shower was backed up, the toilet would sometimes run 15-20 min after you'd flush, the make up mirror was almost falling off of the bracket, the air conditioner would only run for short periods of time then shut off regardless of the settings, and the iron ruined one of my shirts. In terms of cleanliness, many surfaces felt sticky or you could see drink rings on many surfaces, there were stains throughout the floor and surface area of the room and bathroom, there was something spilled/splattered over the bathroom door, the sink and toilet were dirty, the ledge on the bathroom looked filthy and we found trash in one of the drawers. We originally were given two adult towels and ONE hand towel. We called the front desk within 30 min of check in and the response was "talk to the manager when you check out". Regardless of whatever your reasoning is for staying at a hotel, you should not encounter these issues at a hotel that boasts the accommodations and amenities that the Warwick suggests it offers. I've attached some pictures for reference. It's a shame that this hotel no longer proceeds its reputation.
Spacious corner King room with 3 double hung windows. We received free happy hour drinks.

Beds are not that comfy. Pillows are fiberfill, not goose down. Had to run the bathtub 10 minutes to get hot water.

Club lounge is great. There is a full selection of drinks: beer, wine, spirits, espresso machine. Two seating areas with tables and sofas
Love it! Central. Friendly.Clean. 5 stars all around. 

Restaurant. Coffee Shop. Gym. Buisness Center. All necessities under one location. plus everything is walking distance to great restaurants, cafes, bars, banks, etc. 

Extra touch: fresh fruit added into their water (in lobby) ALSO: there is a slip in your room you can fill out with a breakfast order & time preference you would like it delievered to your room. only a $2 service fee. must hang on your door by 2:30am, um...perfect!
Took advantage of a couple of the Cyber Monday deals that the Radisson Blu Warwick hotel offered in late November. Even with the winter we decided to book three nights and check Philly out. 

First Impressions - 
Hotel has been recently remodeled to align with the boutique style of hotels. For the most part I like the look, except that this is an almost 100 yr old building and I wish they would have left the lobby a little more period correct. Beyond that the lobby, hallways and rooms are all well done. Clean, modern without being over the top.

Room(s) - 
We were on the 11th floor in a business class room. While the building is 20 floors, floors 1-12 are the hotel and floors 14-20 are condos. Our room was a nice size with a king size bed and small fridge. Added bonus was a nespresso machine which sure beats the standard in room coffee makers. The bed was super comfortable (I missed it once I got home) and overall we loved the room. We did have a couple issues though. The sink in the bathroom, while modern, leaves very little space for toiletries and makeup. I'd rather have a less modern vanity that is more usable. Secondly our room (1103) had a connecting door to 1104. The doors between rooms do not deaden sound at all, so when our lovely neighbor was up at 4:30 am on the telephone the morning of our first nights stay, it sounded like she was in our room. The hotel kindly moved us to another corner room. So if you can request a non-connecting room at check-in. Our second room while about 30 sq. ft smaller was still nice (although we did have issues with our tv) and actually worked better (and was quieter)

Amenities - 
If you can stay on the business class floor with access to the business class lounge. You have access to a morning continental breakfast and evening cocktail reception. The morning breakfast was good, with hot oatmeal, pastries, juice, cereal, breakfast sandwiches (varies ea day). The evening cocktail reception had light bites, 5 different wines , premium beers and mid grade spirits with various sodas and mixers. Overall a nice way to wind down in the evening. And the service (except for one evening) was absolutely top notch. 

I did also check out the gym on the 4th floor and must say it is the most well equipped gym I have experienced probably ever at a hotel. Gym quality equipment, plenty of machines and weight lifting options. If you are one to work out when out of town, this is the gym you want in your hotel. 

Location- I'd only been to Philly once before (some 15yrs ago) and had never made it out of the Liberty Bell area. So I was pleasantly surprised see that I missed out on so much. The hotels location near Rittenhaus square was perfect. There were plenty of places to shop, eat and explore. While we wish we were a bit closer to Chinatown and the Reading Terminal market it was still only a 20-25 minute walk to those places. Easy access to the subway (a few blocks walk). Overall a great location, which we highly recommend.

Conclusion-
We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Radisson Blu Warwick. Nice rooms, friendly staff, great location. Definitely worth checking out.
"Blu Scru" Worst service ever!!! It started before we arrived, when told our reservation was for a room with one king bed. There were 3 adults in our party, so they suggested we upgrade to a room with 2 queens for an add'l $$ -- done. We arrived to find we'd been misinformed - they had no queen beds, only doubles, so we shifted back to a king room and asked for a rollaway, told it would be sent right away. It was 9:30 pm and we were tired, had an early appt. next morning. At 10 pm, I called about the no-show rollaway, heard person I was speaking with ask someone in background if he was still on break, then she promised me the bed would be sent right up. 10:30 pm, I called the front desk, promised it would be there in 5 minutes. Ten minutes later, the hotel manager called to apologize and offer free b'fast coupons. At 10:45, the bed finally arrived. I could not even look at the person delivering the bed, much less respond to his mechanical apology. Next, the room - small but functional; bland decor. The bathroom HAS NO VENTILATION SYSTEM, just a window. So, if you want to air out the room from a steamy shower or whatever, you have to open the window. We were there in mid-October; it was cold in the bathroom when the window was open. Lobby decor almost comical, trying way too hard. The restaurant staff was CLUELESS and inattentive; food was mediocre at best. Valet parking is not coordinated with the hotel, so you have to get the ticket and bring it to checkout yourself, then go back to the valet. Two star hotel with 4-star price. Complete disappointment!!
An iconic hotel in the heart of downtown Philly that's been transformed into a modern show place.  The rooms have been completely redone in the upscale style of the Radisson Blu brand.

We stayed in room 1110, a spacious king with a great view of the city and the inviting hotel pool that is lit at night with blue lights  then violet then blue again.  Our room had been completely refurbished with new plush carpet, marble tiled bath with a rain shower and a huge flat screen TV that divided the large room creating a sitting area behind.  The bed featured a soft inviting comforter and nice adjustable LED lights for reading.  The 3 small windows have pull down shades that completely block out light and the room was super quiet (one of my favorite features in any hotel)

As they were still in the midst of renovation of the lobby there was some inconvenience with the valet service and you have to come in through a side door.  Will be much better when finished up.
My friends stayed here for a weekend, and I spent a night with them in the hotel. The lobby is gorgeous, and the hotel is in a great location. They allow dogs (with a $50 cleaning fee), and it's a short walk to Rittenhouse Park, which is a great place to take your dog for a walk. The staff I interacted with were really friendly, and the check-out staff even gave me a bag of dog treats when I was sitting with the dog in the lobby. They also didn't mind watching our bags for a few minutes while we walked the dog, and were quick when we needed to call a cab. They also have a coffee shop in the lobby, which made me a delicious soy latte and bagel with cream cheese. Apparently the restaurant here is also quite good, but we didn't try it or room service. The vending machine in the hallway did charge me $2 for a bottle of water, though (boo). 

The room itself was nice but worn. Everything was just generally nice enough to not be bad. The room was also fairly big. For the big bed in the room, the sleep number remote was broken and didn't work. We also ordered a cot, and they charged us $25 for each night of the cot (I've never been charged for a cot before). It was the most unbelievably uncomfortable thing I have ever slept on in my entire life. It was on some green mattress that felt like a blow-up, and my butt sunk down about a foot lower than my head. The fact that we paid for it just added to my annoyance. We didn't hear anyone in the rooms next to us, but anytime anything happened in the hallway, we would hear it as if it was in the room with us (so be careful what you say in the hallway cause everybody can hear you!). 

Three stars because it is a decent hotel, in a good location, and allows dogs. The staff was also really great. Minus stars for the uncomfortable $25 cot and the general worn down feeling. Overall, not bad at all, and I'd stay here again if my friends came with their dog again and it was cheaper than the other options.
Woooo Sleep Number Beds! Hey, we have Sleep Number Beds! Did you hear we have Sleep Number beds???

When you get past the gimmicky quality of the sleep numbers, it's a pretty damn nice hotel. It's just been redone and with the exception of the odd and slightly confusing reception desk, everything looks lovely. The staff were always friendly and helpful.

Our room was so big!! We had a room with two double beds and there was plenty of floor space between the feet of the beds and the dresser. Our friends across the hall, also in a room with two doubles, had even more space! A friend in a room with a single king bed was not as fortunate.

Drinks at the hotel bar are a little pricey and it was sooooo cold in there! (Holy air conditioning, Batman!) The atmosphere, however, was great. I certainly was not unhappy to unwind after the wedding with friends in the lounge area of the bar.

The food at the event was wonderful. And again, I have nothing but wonderful things to say about the staff.

 Is this a cheap hotel? Goodness no. But it's easy to see why with spacious rooms, comfy beds and a superb staff.

I almost forgot! The automated piano had a very interesting play list that included, but was not limited to: The Cheers Theme Song (I was confused but felt right at home), The Rose, Let's Hear it For the Boy, We Could be Heroes and Wind Beneath My Wings.
This is a good book in a great location. I booked on Hotwire and am glad I did because it seems like staying in Center City nowadays is a small fortune otherwise. The room was clean, staff was VERY friendly and accommodating, and if you're going out in the Rittenhouse area this is probably your best bet in terms of price and location. The room decor was cute and artsy which was a pleasant surprise to me. Parking was expensive but the garage is literally attached to the hotel and it's worth it I think. I would stay here again and had a great experience here. It's far cheaper than many hotels in this area and why pay more when this is comfy, clean, nice, and pleasant!
Stayed here last weekend. I was informed that I was the first person to get a finished upgraded room. The room was incredible. Very stylish. Really nice. The real reason this place gets a five stars was because of the service. Every single single person in the hotel recognized me on sight after our first encounter, from the front desk to the to the bellhop to the valet to the bar, and they really hustled to make my stay comfortable and convenient. They were excited about the new rooms to the point where the bellhop was telling me the history of the hotel and the room upgrades while I was in the elevator. The valet service brought my car up in a record time considering we were right off of Rittenhouse. I really can't think of anything that could have been done better.
Stayed here twice, both times for job-related matters, and it has never failed to amaze me.  The rooms are amazing and so spacious, and they have complimentary waters in each of the rooms, as well as a  pretty nice complimentary breakfast in the lobby each morning.  

The people who work the front desk are very helpful.  The first time I stayed here if was for an interview, and my entire life was a mess.  I went to them for everything and knew where nothing was, nor how to navigate myself in the easiest city to navigate ever.  So I went to them each time and they were pretty helpful, despite this obviously being outside their job descriptions.

If there's anything that I would complain about, it's the way they handle noise complaints. There were a bunch of people with the company I was with all staying at the Warwick at the same time, so we were all hanging out in my room one night, drinking and getting ready to go to the club.  Eventually, everyone went downstairs, but I stayed upstairs for a second, and instead of calling and just asking us to keep it down, they decided they needed to send some security person up to the room to break everything up, which was not the way I would have handled it.  Fortunately, we had already finished, so I suppose it didn't matter but wasn't a fan.

But I am still a fan of the hotel.  I had great stays, it's conveniently located, love the lobby staff (and the aesthetic) and would totally stay there again!
Just because you put lipstick on a pig, it won't make her a lady.

I've never had to write a review while I was still IN a place, but well, when you reach new levels of incompetence you leave me no choice.

I checked in preparing for a week-long stay at around 3:30pm. Lobby seemed lovely and check-in was a breeze. I get to my room and was generally pleased. Noticed some weird stains on the wall paper in the bathroom, but it could very well be from the housekeepers mop, so no biggie.

Although outlets are not only hard to come by and you'd have to be part contortionist to plug anything in, I fired up my laptop to take advantage of the free wifi, but noticed that the connection was crazy slow. I called downstairs to inquire about it and the young man  that answered the phone was in a word - condescending. He kept talking in this weird soft tone as if he were reading bedtime stories to 3 year olds. When I figured that this was his extremely hard attempt to use proper english, I asked him to stop and just speak normally so we could get the wifi fixed. He stopped, but kept switching back and forth and was unproductive, so I asked for his manager who he said was in a meeting, but would call me back.  By that time the wifi starting working at a normal speed, so I could get a few things done, and although he did send an engineer up, I no longer needed him.

So I'm in my room for about an hour, and get ready to leave out to take care of a few things, but I stop off to use the rest room before I leave. While I'm in the bathroom, I hear someone coming into my room with a key. No knock, no nothing.

What
The
Eff??????????

I jump up to push him out and it's a male employee who said "oh I didn't think anyone was in here, but it's cool". Excuse me? It certainly is NOT cool muthaf....

I went downstairs to speak to the manager and livid can't even explain how pissed off I am. I don't feel safe, and I got to a point where I had to instruct him to not have ANYONE come into my room unless I specifically call down and ask for housekeeping and WHY THE EFF WAS THIS DUDE JUST WALKING INTO ROOMS??? The manager offered to upgrade me, but quite frankly that shit is a small band aid on this HUGE problem, and I declined, Besides, it would just be an inconvenience to me since I'd have to repack and unpack again and I had stuff to do.

Then I walked out to grab a cab that I had to hail myself in the rain, while 4, count 'em FOUR of their door staff just stood under the canopy watching me.

When I returned late that night there was a letter of apology under my door with a coupon for free breakfast, which was quite frankly insulting seeing as how there were more issues and I haven't been here 24 hours yet.

I had a pretty uncomfortable sleep but that could be attributed to me not knowing how to work the sleep number bed (some instructions would have been nice) but anyway the coup de grce to this god awful 18 hours is that I wake up to absolutely no hot water. Not even lukewarm.

So I'm typing this while I'm covered in a blanket because there are no bathrobes as the plumber has been spending the last 40 minutes trying to restore hot water, but am I really supposed to stay here for another 6 days? What the hell is next - the room will explode?

I prepaid through priceline, so I need to find out what I can do because this is some straight up bullshit.
Radisson Warwick Philadelphia
- 5 Stars for service, amenities and location; 4 Stars OVERALL, due to its noise in hallway. Hope renovation will get rid of the noise!

Great location and wonderful staff! Comfortable, clean rooms (though a bit noisy). Has a health club and a business center. FREE WiFi. The Business Club Level is worth the extra upgrade cost.

I enjoyed my 4-night stay in this elegant hote l in late August.It is conveniently located in the lively Walnut/Chestnut Shopping District, andwithin walking distance to several major attractions of the city. The Septa Rail Station, which goes to/from the airport is only10 min WALK away. All its hotel staff is well trained, including valet and housekeeping - all efficient, friendly and helpful!

This hotel has a huge, elegant, comfortable lobby. On one side of the lobby is a good size, popular "Tavern-17" Restaurant-Bar with two large, inviting, open entrances; around the hotel corner are the "Coffee Bar"and the famous "Prime Rib Steak House", both accessible from the lobby area. All of them are popular to locals and tourists. There's a very small business center off the lobby, too.The hotel is wheelchair friendly.

ROOM at the CLUB LEVEL
- I got an unexpected Free-Upgrade to the Business CLUB LEVEL. My room is pretty good size with 2 large windows with a city view; quite plush and useful furnishings, including a king size bed equipped with a remote control for desirable
"SLEEP-NUMBERS", 6 pillows; a large office desk, lounge chair with ottoman; a safe, fridge and a modern one-cup coffee maker! The bathroom is also sufficiently large and comfortable. Free wired and wireless Internet.
- However, from inside the room, I can hear annoying noises in the hallway, especially in early morning and late at night.

The Business Club Lounge amenities include FREE breakfast, happy hour drinks and snack, and evening deserts, not to mention a nice Business Center. Needless to say, I enjoyed the Club to the fullest!
- By the way, at one time I forgot my key card. The Club Lounge staff, Darleen, was nice to let me into the lounge, and personally went down to the front desk to get me a duplicate key! She also does a wonderful job taking care of the Club Lounge, making the guests comfortable and feel welcome.

The hotel also has a nice fitness center, which I did not use, however.

ROOM BEFORE UPGRADE:
- The regular room which was assigned to me originally was considerably smaller, but did have a king size bed. Its bathroom was tiny with only a shower stall. When I first checked into the bathroom I found the "clean" towels lying on the bathroom floor along with the fallen, skinny towel rod! - The flimmsy short towel rack had been broken from the brackets!I called the reception desk about it. The receptionist, Ms. Nastasha, was apologetic and offered me a FREE Upgrade to the Club level. She even sent someone up with my new room key, to help me move into the new room!- A great service in minding the details, which is "A Mark of Excellence in achieving customer satisfaction!"

In general, even though the rooms are quite dated and a bit noisy, they are clean and comfortable.
- I was told that the hotel is planning to start its renovation very soon. I hope the new rooms will be more upscale and have better sound proofing quality.I visit Philly often, and am looking forward to staying the newly renovated Radisson soon!

Peterskis, Aug 2012
--
Great location, and it gives you the basics you need. Out of all the hotels in the area, Warwick will be one of your cheapest options. But, you get what you pay for. I would say it's the nicest motel in Center City, but one of the worst boutique/lux hotels.

This is the third time we've stayed at this hotel in the last few months, and the same things seem to be an issue each visit.

The AC in the rooms sucks. Wall units that seem to be at the end of their lives. The room was WARM to HOT even with AC on max. Granted it's very hot outside, but the hallways are cool and crisp. It's the room itself that was pretty unbearable.

The other thing that kills me is that the sinks in the bathrooms never seem to drain. You need to put the water on low to keep the sink from overflowing. Which is frustrating because every time I go to wash my hands or brush my teeth, I feel like I'm dipping into the small pool that's form in the sink due to lack of draining. I think the first trip we just got a bad room - but like I said before it's our third stay in the last few months and these problems have been in every room.

In total - you'll be booking a room at the Warwick for convenience and price. Great location, cheap room, provides you with the basics you need. Not much of a "lux" or "boutique" vibe, though.
My main complaint is that I have no f*ing idea how to work a sleep number bed.  No clue.  And it made for an uncomfortable sleeping experience.  Also, the outlets by the desk did not work and so therefore one of the two lamps didn't work.  So my room was quite dark.  Sure I could have complained and had them fix it (or more likely move me to a different room) but it wasn't worth the hassle.  

When I booked the hotel the website told me I got a complementary breakfast but when I checked in I found that that wasn't precisely true.  You get up to a $20 meal credit that can be used at any point throughout the day.  Even better!  I will talk about the food in my review of Tavern 17 though.  

The gym is great.  Really big, everything has an individual tv attached, there is a water cooler, you can control the room temp, etc.  There is even a huge area with weights.  I have never experienced such a large gym in a hotel before.  

I also liked how they restocked the soap supply every day and added some random treat to the selection.  One day some sort of shoe shiner, another day a shower cap.  Thanks folks!  

The reason I give this place 3 stars instead of 4 is really just the bed.  Perhaps I should have gone for a smaller sized bed and it wouldn't have been sleep number.  Perhaps I should have just asked them to explain how to work the bed.  Alas, I did neither of those things and it made for a mediocre experience.

Also, I work for the fed govt and have tax exempt status.  They ignored that fact until I brought it up and handed them a tax exempt form (even though it says TAX EXEMPT on my credit card, I had booked a fed govt rate room, etc).  When I brought it to their attention and gave them the form they quickly took the tax off of my bill but if I had never mentioned it, neither would they.  Can't blame them though I guess.  

The location is really great if you like nice restaurants.  I was here for work and the office I was going to every day was only a few blocks away.  I also felt safe in this area walking around at night.
Cool hotel. Interesting old meets modern.  Works.

Pleasant staff, nice exercise room, great location.  Cool this week but pool area looks nice. 

*** rooms comfortable, updated and large.
Roach in the room. Light didn't work and fridge wasn't on. We asked about the light and fridge at the front desk and were assured it would be taken care of, but after spending the day in Philly, the room was the same. Everything was fine until I reached to open the mini fridge and a roach scurried inside. We immediately checked out.
The newly updated Radisson was nice.  They certainly put all of the bells and whistles into the hotel lobby and it stands out.  The staff was great and everyone was friendly.  The attached parking garage also a plus.  But once you get into your room, the quality control quickly can be seen from the remodel.  

Overall the room, though new, lacked on the finish.  Slide the closet door, you see nothing was touched inside.  In the bathroom, the new shower hardware wasn't secured properly, caulking was bad, and it will be an issue down the road.  But for now the hotel works and it has a great location.  Once this new setup gets some wear and tear, not sure I'd stay there again.
Overall I had a wonderful stay here this past week!

Pros:
+Location, location, location! Walking distance from SO many bars, restaurants, retail. Truly the location could not be better right in Rittenhouse Square. 
+Beautiful modern decor throughout the hotel and the room was spacious
+Price was right! Around $160 a night (Sun & Mon)
+Friendly staff
+Extremely clean!
+Bed was SO comfy

Cons:
-Tiniest hotel bathroom ever! Could not have two people get ready at the same time :/
-Valet is $40 a day and rather slow
-Double check your bill. I was charged $20 for a breakfast I never received. They took it off no problem but if I never looked....


I would absolutely stay here again!
The Raddison Blu can be summed up in one word: Inconsistent (in the worst ways).

Let me start by saying this... the staff at the Raddison are fantastic. Everyone there is clearly working as hard as possible to make your stay a good one. A special shout out to Warren on the maintenance staff who is amazing and super helpful. What upsets me is that I ever had to meet Warren in the first place.

Key fact: My wife and I love air conditioning. One of our great pleasures is coming in to a cold hotel room after a day of walking around in the heat. Its August right now, and hot in Philly. 

When we got to our room we were immediately taken with how big the room was (it was massive), and how lovely the bathroom was. Every room has a small fridge (a nice touch, and uncommon). The bed is comfortable. But we also immediately noticed that it was hot. This is common...hotels never bring the AC up before check in. Our standard practice is, lower the temp, go out to dinner, and its cool when we return. But when we returned, the room hadn't cooled at all. Now we're worried, because the AC isn't even pumping out cool air. We went downstairs and they offered to send someone from maintenance. We asked for a new room. They gladly agreed. We were happy.

Next room...smaller than the first. Bummer. Still nice though. But warm. Turned the temp down on the thermostat, and the AC unit didn't even respond. Nothing. Called down. This time, we accepted the offer for maintenance. That's when we met Warren. Warren agreed that the unit wasn't working correctly. He left to go get a new AC unit (who knew you could do that??). While he was gone, all of a sudden, the AC kicked in. Warren came back, and swapped the unit anyway. I started feeling better. So I hopped in the shower to cool down, expecting a cool room soon enough. The shower had amazing water pressure. That was great. Then the AC kicked off, never to come back on. It was at least 75 (humid) degrees in the room, even though the thermostat was set to 68. Why was the AC not on? Who knows. By now, I'm starting to freak out a little. Warren came back, took me to a new room to give me a chance to approve it. It was also hot. He agreed. Then a 4th room. That room was completely cool...like 10 degrees cooler than any other! We were thrilled! So we switched rooms again.

It was room number 3 (not counting the room Warren and I both agreed wouldn't do) that we stayed in. By far the smallest room, with a bathroom less than half the size of the others. It probably is the room they sell last because it is so small. But we made it work because the AC functioned, and that's a requirement. 

But remember that awesome shower from the prior room? This rooms shower had half the water pressure of that other one. On the other hand, the room w/ the awesome shower had a toilet that didn't flush fully. I never even had a chance to get that handled. //sigh//

So lets say that the last room we got...the one we stayed in...had been the room we'd originally been given on check in. We'd probably have been pretty happy. Not ecstatic, but fine. Fantastic AC, comfortable bed, tiny but workable bathroom, meh shower pressure. We'd never have known the difference. I'd probably have thought all the rooms were this way, and given the hotel 4 stars (one star off for bathroom and water pressure). But because I saw and experienced other rooms, I know others were huge compared to ours, with twice the water pressure. So I know we could have had a very different stay than the one we actually had. The room quality varies from room to room so vastly, that I cannot ever see us staying here again, or recommending it. You simply can't trust that you'll get a good room. The room next door could be great, while yours is simply OK (or worse...outright broken). That kind of random unreliability doesn't work for us. The positives (and there are positives) are outweighed by the wild swings in consistency and quality.
If you like clean, AVOID this hotel. If you prefer staff that does not work hard at ignoring you, you should stay elsewhere. 

I stayed here for five nights in October 2017. It would have stayed just one at most, but every hotel was full due to a convention. 

From day one there were issues with cleanliness. I found hair in my bed, which led me to check the mattress for bugs. Pretty sure I found at least one, see pics. I told the front desk, they said they would send up an engineer. I did not expect a scientific examination of my room, and I did not get one- they came back and said, "we didn't find anything". They never offered to put on fresh sheets, or fresh towels, or even to offer different room, but they asked me wait for a disgruntled manager to take a "report". When I asked what it was for they said it was for their insurance. Another words, nothing to help the situation, but wasted my time just to cover themselves with their insurance company. So unprofessional. 

I wish I could post more photos of all the things I found inside the room and in the hallways. There were stains all over the carpet in the room in the hallway; strange stains in the bathroom behind the toilet; rust all over the kitchen sink legs, the hairdryer look like it was 15 years old and was bent and dented with hair and dirt all over it; the sink would not drain; the bathtub stopper was loose and did not work; they were burn marks on the desk; paint was peeling from the ceiling and there were old water damage stains. The curtains were so dirty that they were different color on Tom than on the bottom. Disgusting. 

When I made the front desk aware of these things, they showed no interest. But I did notices the front desk guy, especially the guy with short dreadlocks, made it a point to look away any time anyone ever came into the hotel. Never heard him say 'hello' to anyone. Not all staff is just bad, Emily at the front desk was nice and so was my housekeeping lady (although she obviously did not clean the room well).

Another guy in a separate group found a number of bed bugs in his room. It took the hotel three days to dry clean his clothes. Unacceptable. 

It's a shame there's so many things wrong with this place, because the lobby is beautiful, and they invested a lot of money into upgrading. Too bad all that money and effort is being wasted by  most staff not caring for the hotel or the guests. 

I'm definitely making a point to never stay here again, and urging my employees to do the same.
This is not a 5 star hotel but it deserves a lot more than yelpers have given it. I just finished my first stay and I must say I will definitely be back to Phily and when I do I'll be staying here. Hotel location couldn't get better, and the staff were very kind and helpful. 

I had booked a one bed room, but my friends who booked at the Westin down the street lost their room because they had overbooked the hotel, when I explained the situation the Radisson staff were kind to upgrade my room for 2 double beds with no extra charge so my friends would have a place to sleep. 

I give it 5 stars because they deserve more than the 3.5 yelpers give it.
I would normally give this hotel a 4 star rating from the look of it, but there are the things that were bad. If the room next door or above turn the shower on, it's louder than as if in the same room with a piercing sound. Do not let them try to put you in a room next to an ice maker machine, that's almost just as loud. The staff is snobby and has attitude. It's supposed to be a nice hotel, but the staff member checking us in not only had major attitude but had a huge tattoo on her neck of a tongue. I mean, cover that up, it doesn't fit into the hotels image in my opinion. The lobby is nice and chic, great for pictures. Again, the noise of the neighboring rooms showers are unbearable.
First of all this hotel is beautiful. The classic European inspired facade and the modern interior did it for me! We checked in on NYE after a long night out and not wanting to take a 2 hour drive to Harrisburg. The front desk was very friendly and welcoming.  Our room was on the 9th floor. Not much of a view but that's not what we were there for.  Our single room was spacious, modernly furnished, very clean, and comfortable. The king bed was cozy and felt like heaven! We will return. Thank you for your hospitality!
I stayed here for about a week during a professional conference.  Our room was very nice with the LCD screen and Sleep Number Bed.  The bathroom was a bit small and the temperature control was inconsistent. The staff really nice, friendly, and accomodating.  The restaurant/bar was a very nice suprise with great drinks and delicious and reasonably priced food.
We picked this hotel because it was dog friendly, and on that I can give it stellar reviews. From the maintenance staff that came to our room several times (will explain) to the other guest we encountered riding up and down the elevator, no one seemed the least bit put of by the dogs being there. Usually we get one or two comments about having Pitt mixes, but we didn't get one. Even people with kids came up asking if they could pet the boys, which rarely happens. Overall Philly rocks just based on its pet friendly people. 

The hotel itself was nice, I wouldn't' recommend the bar (see Tavern 17 review). The room advertised a sleep number bed, ours didn't work. The room itself was nice but a bit small. The bathroom was large and looked like it had been updated within the last few years. We did have to call maintenance a few times, the first being 15 minutes after we arrived because the bathroom light stopped working. Upon review they realized the entire light fixture had blown, not just the bulb, but since it was the end of the workers shift he'd have to have the next people fix it. The next shift took care of it with no problem, and this guy was super nice to the dogs who he allowed to stay out of their kennel. 

He had to return the following day after I discovered the tub didn't have the piece that stops it up for taking a bath. I take a bath everyday, so this is a big deal to me. It took him about five minutes to rectify the problem. 

The third call was after we determined that the noise that kept us up most of the night was obviously the air conditioner malfunctioning, since the room started to feel warm. We called and the maintenance people and after several trips, about 30 minutes, the problem was solved after they switched out the entire unit, which had frozen up. 

My only other complaint was that when we got our bill the food credit we verified we'd receive which was part of our booking package, wasn't taken off and no one ever really apologized for the inconvenience of all the maintenance issues, which amounted to one a day for the three days we were there. When we got the food credit we discussed the maintenance issues and also received a $50 reduction on the bill, for a savings of $75 so I'm not super upset. 

The major plus is the location, especially if you have pets. Close to the square, lots of restaurants, the market. I would stay there again just based on the location and the pet friendliness.
Overall, nice. I stayed for almost a week here and we mainly enjoyed its proximity to a lot of cool restaurants, gastropubs, shops, amazing architecture, museums, etc in Rittenhouse Square Center City/downtown Philly. 

The front desk person here was not nice at check in but maybe it was because we arrived around 11am which was way before check-in time? We had come straight from the airport. So while waiting for our room we sat in the cool-looking foyer for a bit which had interesting art-deco-y design, and the place was pretty bustling with people coming and going probably because it still tourist season (mid-August).

After waiting for 15 minutes or so my boyfriend randomly went to the front desk to ask a question and was told that a room had became available. It was nice to be able to check in so early at around 11:15am. The room we got had a thin slice of the view of the city and was a bit on the small side, but the king-size bed was comfy, had a nice bathroom with a working window, and everything was clean. Good room service breakfast with a Lavazza coffee option. So again, not a bad nor totally amazing experience but a pretty nice place to stay to experience the city for the first time.
I really wanted to give this hotel at least four stars.  Staff was very pleasant and we were able to get a late checkout.  However, the water pressure was awful.  For me, the water pressure makes or breaks a hotel.  Other than that, great location.
It's all about customer service and this hotel lacks it. We've stayed here before and it was great but check in today left a bad taste is my mouth. Front desk was rude and seriously for the amount of money I spend a night it's not worth it. Hundreds of hotels in Philly that will give you a smile when u check in.
i'm in philly for a wedding.  And while family stayed at much nicer Omni, i stayed here to save some dough (half the price, thanx Priceline!).  it was all i hoped for.  
huge guest room with pullout couch.  simple, ok furniture (tho desk was very noticeably beaten-up).  flat-screen tv sans HD or PBS (strange).  free wi-fi, nice.
mind you, this is tourist class hotel...heck, there are residence apartments here (and I don't mean 4-Season condos)
i didn't dine here cause its good central locale offered many places to dine outside front door.
The lobby and public areas are very fun and bright. The rooms are clean and nicely decorated. The bathroom seemed smallish. Loved the bright colored carpets of the hallways. Staff was quite friendly. Fantastic location as well.
Room was good and price was fair given the great location of the hotel. All was fine until we tried to leave - 

9:45 am - text the valet to have our car pulled up (what a great feature, we marveled!),  grabbed our bags and made our way down to the street 
10:00 am - exited the lobby, no car yet which was potentially understandable given the other parties waiting
10:10 am - 25 mins after requesting our car, we checked in with the valet who told us it was on its way
10:25 - 40 minutes, still no car, are we being punked?! Check in again with the gentleman out front who tells us that he works for the hotel as a greeter and doesn't know what's going on. Zero help or insight.  
10:35 - 50 minutes, no car in sight. Panic and uncontrollable urge to leave the Radisson sets in. Request the head of the valet. He goes inside the hotel to "find the car" and does not come out with an update. 
10:45 - An HOUR after we requested our car, it pulls up to the curb and we are told that they are sorry, parking will be refunding. Parking?!?! Please refund that hour of my life that I will never get back. 

All in all, accidents happen and businesses encounter issues. BUT, as a customer it is much easier to accept inconveniences if handled properly and with good customer service. This was not the case here and the valet/hotel employees were repeatedly unhelpful. Unfortunately we have a non-refundable room booked for this weekend so we will be forced to take another chance on the Radisson. Stay tuned.
I am stunned by the lack of service at this hotel. First we were placed in a room with soaking wet carpets. Then we were moved to a room with a broken phone, no towels, and no bedding for the sofa bed. I will never come back to this hotel again, and I highly recommend against it for anyone else. For the money, there are far superior hotels in Philadelphia.
This Warwick Hotel has an amazing shell but once you go and explore it, you can see that it's rotten. What kind of 3-4 star hotel charges 25$ extra for a conventional necessities such as a microwave!!! Everything looks up to date but not the furnace. Every time the heat comes on, it like a pack of hyenas howling at the moon. I upgraded my room to a vip suite and it doesn't seem to be any better or bigger than a regular room. The vip lounge on the 11th floor was also a bonus because of the upgrade but the coffee was less than warm. The women that worked at the lounge seems like was forced to do it because I saw her at the front desk and she looked miserable serving and refilling drinks. I went on a Valentine's Day and checkout the day later. But that morning at 8am the cleaning lady knocked and then she came in without hesitation. My wife and I were still sleeping and we got awaken. The check out time listed is 12 at noon! Every time we would walk in and out of the room the cleaning lady would pray onto us and ask if we're checking out the room. I know that she's just doing her job but I feel like she's watching my every move. The hotel is poorly insulated, I would hear my neighbors conversation very clearly. This hotel will not get my business again. I can pay a lot less at a different hotel and get a nice rest and also a free to use microwave.
My girlfriend and I came in to town to go to the eagles and the Seahawks play at lincoln field. Jacqueline and Anson checked us in. They were awesome!  Friendly, helpful and funny. They even comped us in-room breakfast. I'll definitely book here again!
