April 9, 2016, a day that I will forever remember. The Rittenhouse Hotel and the Lacroix Restaurant in The Rittenhouse Square area of downtown Philadelphia were an extraordinary backdrop for a special moment in my life ... My Wedding Day!

The Rittenhouse Hotel, situated directly across from Rittenhouse Square, and Lacroix Restaurant with Lily's Cafe and the La Serre private dining space provided us with the wonderfully ideal, intimate, elegant and organic setting for our wedding.

5+ Stars for Sylvain Briens, Food and Beverage Director for Lacroix. From Day One upon when Sylvain walked us through the hotel lobby, lounges, and the various areas within the restaurant, he was not only the consummate professional but also very charming, personable and witty. Sylvain's attention to detail was also second to none and certainly solidified our decision to make this the perfect setting for our special day. Aside from the obvious visual beauty of the hotel and restaurant, it was comforting knowing that everything, including all the little details, would be taken care of with ease and elegance. Equally as impressive was the way in which he and his staff accommodated our guests treating them with the same level of importance as we were given as the bride and groom.

So, who expects a snowflake-laden day to pop-up on the second weekend in April? Well at least not me, however the atmosphere of The Rittenhouse was so wonderful that the snow was an afterthought as it was sunny in my head and heart.

The pre-wedding cocktail hour was held in Lily's Cafe, the same space where the nuptuials were exchanged, was quite splendid with several hors d'oeuvres ... tuna tartare, short ribs rillette, heart of palm tempura with aioli and crab complimented by an open bar of wine, champagne and cocktails. The hors d' oeuvres received rave reviews from all the guests as they nibbled and mingled prior to the ceremony.

My vision for the decor played out perfectly as my wedding planner, Tonia Adleta of Aribella Events, brought all the decorative elements together in such an organic, intimate and luxurious way.

Our dinner reception was held in La Serre, an intimate private dining space with a long wooden table with seating up to 18, adorned with cream and green florals and accented by beaded candles. The chairs were upholstered in a forest green velour which enhanced the overall natural feel for this quaint environment. It was just the touch that we were looking for to complete the picturesque French country setting.

The servers were very precise, executing their skills masterfully like a choreographed performance, attending to each of the guests' requests and needs. Dinner was exquisite ... a true compliment to the setting with traditional starters of either Caesar Salad or Shrimp Cocktail followed by expertly prepared and plated selections of Butter Poached Lobster, Filet Mignon, Green Circle Chicken, or English Pea Risotto. Some of the main selections change seasonally depending on when you hold your event, just one of the finer details that Sylvain discussed with us as we built the menu for the evening. Dessert was artistic and yummy choices between a Chocolate, Salted Caramel, Hazelnut and Mango delicacy or Pavlova with Grapefruit, Pistachio and Honey. We told our guests that hopefully they saved room as last but not least was the wedding cake ... baked by Sweet T's Bakery in Haddonfield, NJ ... a gorgeous naked triple-layered cake champagne vanilla with salted caramel and blueberry velvet adorned with fresh florals and drenched with strawberries and blueberries. The wait staff also gracefully handled serving all of the slices of cake to our guests after we cut the cake and shared our first slice.

If you are planning a mid luxe wedding in Philadelphia and want exceptional customer service, attention to detail and a setting with a multitude of beauty, style and elegance, Lacroix restaurant in the The Rittenhouse hotel is the place.
Rittenhouse takes the cake as the best hotel experience I've ever had. To say they outperformed would be an understatement. All I can say is it's clear that they value their reputation, and they certainly lived up to it.

I stayed here for my annnjversary via AMEX fhr, which comes with an upgrade. The upgrade I got however, was 4-5 levels above the room I initially had. The room looked like a luxury apartment on the upper east side of Manhattan and was absolutely huge. Fully equipped with dining room living room, kitchen, two bathrooms, bedroom suite and floor to ceiling windows. The most beautiful room I've ever seen. Later that evening, they even sent a complementary bottle of champagne and chocolate covered strawberries to the room with a happy anniversary note. #nailedit

The hotel itself has a classic feel with modern touches. The service is a reminder to days (before my time) when hotels went above and beyond to provide a personal experience for guests. From the check-in when the room wasn't ready and they took our bags and personally escorted us to brunch, to the remembering of your name by all the staff, this is the gold standard for what a hotel experience should be.
I had a wedding in Downtown Philadelphia and would be attending the Rehearsal Dinner, Wedding and Sunday Brunch so I decided to get a room for two nights at the Rittenhouse. 

The room I got was on the 9th floor and overlooked 20th Street, which was nice, but I would have preferred a view of Rittenhouse Square. However, the amenities in my room were great. The TV was giant and extended while the couch had a roll-out bed inside of it. There were plenty of seating areas and the large king bed I had was very comfortable.

My room lacked much of a kitchen, but they did have a little section that had a coffee maker and a mini-bar. However, I was in the bride's room a couple of times and noticed she did have a full kitchen, but I suppose that was due to the fact that she stayed in a suite.

The lobby here is really nice with some seating areas and close access to the hotel's Library Bar. There is also a nice Italian restaurant inside the Rittenhouse Hotel. 

Also, the staff here including the front desk staff, concierges and doormen are all helpful, polite and courteous. 

Finally, when checking in you get a few vouchers for some free drinks from the bar. Also, depending on when you check in they may have chocolate covered strawberries available, which is a nice touch. 

Altogether, the Rittenhouse Hotel is one of the nicest hotels in all of Philadelphia and a great place to stay for any occasion!
The Hotel is nice with nice spa and restaurants but the valet service is so ridiculously rude with horrible service. We were first to pay and request the valet after our brunch. However, our car never came we asked multiple times regarding our car.. They just kept saying it will be here. 

After 45 min that was the last straw and I went to the cashier to again request a status and told them this is the last time I am asking please get us our car. We were the only ones still waiting on our car after 45 mins. I am 8 months pregnant and have being standing and waiting for 45 min. It was by the far the worst experience I ever encountered. And the worst not one person apologized.

I would probably never come back because of this. I would give this review no stars if I could.
My husband loves staying in fancy hotels, so for his Christmas present, I planned us a weekend in Philadelphia at The Rittenhouse Hotel, deemed by TripAdvisor as the best hotel in Philly. Maybe my expectations were too high, but I was kind of expecting something a little grander, with high ceilings and classic Rittenhouse charm. What we got was something a little more dated and closed-in. Not what I dreamed it would be, but my disappointment turned around when I saw our view. Gorgeous! Definitely splurge for park views, there's nothing like it. Since we were there in December, at night it looked like a fairy land with all the lights. It was worth every penny. 

The restaurants on site are fancy, but not vegan friendly. Thankfully, you're a hop skip and a jump away from V Street, HipCityVeg, and P.S. & Co. You'll be well fed around Rittenhouse Square!!

Service was great. When we realized our first room didn't have a tub, they quickly switched us to a room that had one, with equally stunning views. They held our bags before and after check-in while we explored the city. Complimentary champagne at the Library Bar was such a treat!

The Rittenhouse was a lovely experience. I don't know if we'll be back but we enjoyed our stay.
This is a great and luxurious hotel that's tight next to a park.

1. Reserve online.

2. Check in using your ID and the same credit card on file.  The whole process takes less than 5 min.

3. Take an elevator to your room.

4. Someone will bring you ice, a bottle of water, and a piece of chocolate.

5. Unpack and hang our clothes using the hangers.  Thete are tons of hangers in the closet.

6. Lie in bed, enjoy the view, or watch TV on the big screen.

Tips: upon check in, ask for a map if you are not familiar with the area.  Generally, this is a safe neighborhood, but if you are exploring around town,  receptionists can tell you which areas you might want to avoid.
My cousin was getting married in a gorgeous episcopalian church on Rittenhouse Square in Philadelphia. To make life easier for her guests, she booked a wedding block in the hotel next door to said church. This hotel was appropriately named The Rittenhouse (Hotel) and turned out to be pure luxury. 

My boyfriend and I got off the 30th street station and took a cab to the hotel. As we got closer, the streets had more trees, more people were seen sitting outside little restaurants and cafes and the area as a whole seemed so alive.  Rittenhouse Square turned out to be this lovely, charming park surrounded by little boutiques, stores, cafes and restaurants. 

We pulled into the drive way where a doorman opened the door and gave us a warm welcome. The doors opened and I immediately felt that this posh, elegant hotel would exceed my expectations. The concierge checked us in immediately and offered fresh chocolate covered strawberries, sugar and peanut butter cookies as a sweet welcome. On top of this, we were each given our own complimentary drink cards for one drink in Bar 201. 

As I shamelessly finished my cookie en route to our room, I noticed how the hotel seemed to pay homage to Center City and its rich history through its design and atmosphere.  Our room alone matched the feeling of the rest of the hotel but had new modern features. Por ejemplo: a large flat-screen television, private bar stocked with yummy but seriously over priced water and snacks, a large, luxurious marble bathroom with mirrors everywhere, oversized bathtub and glass enclosed shower with massage shower head and a bed that made you want to end the  relationship with the bed you have at home.  The room itself was like a small studio with a king sized bed, plush comforter, a desk and living area with a couch and chair. Our view was decent though it wasn't facing the park, it gave us another unique view of Center City. (Basically the kind of view you would get if you were, say, a resident.)

During our stay, we never indulged in the free drink, room service or hotel restaurants. I know, that's crazy no? Well, we went out to Il Pittore and walked back to the hotel in the evening to get a sense of the area. It was a lovely walk and Rittenhouse Square was bustling with activities and sprinklers that randomly come out and spritz you! The next morning, it was still bustling with activity except overnight a farmers market popped up, as did bookworms on benches and the occasional jogger and stroller. It was all charming and surprisingly not too loud. Just a gentle hum of activity. 

As that morning came and went, so did my cousins wedding. We went back into the hotel and headed upstairs in what felt like a whole new venue outside the hotel. It amazed me how this beautiful wooden reception area led to one of their ballrooms. Apparently, this can fit about 300 guests and there are event specialists onsite to help orchestrate your special occasion. The ballroom had a little stage, large enough for a band to play live music, and several round tables and one long all surrounded by the dance floor. The ceiling was high and the windows were close enough to being floor to ceiling. There was even a grand piano.  It was fantastic.  The following day, we walked in the same area again into The Boatroom - much less magical than the reception/balloon area. It was an enclosed, intimate area suitable for your closest family and friends to enjoy a buffet and sit with one another. Though it was awkward for those who tried to circulate and move around. 

It was a pleasure to celebrate such a special occasion here. Overall, the hotel did a superb job and I wouldn't hesitate to come here again.
I love the location of this hotel right next to the park. It's in the heart of an outdoor shopping district and restaurants which is nice as well.

The service here is nice, but our front desk clerk seemed a tad haughty.  Probably because we didn't fit in with most of the older, more snooty looking clientele here.

Our suite had a nice view of the city and the bed was very comfortable. Overall the room was nice but everything looked a little worn for such an expensive place.  Sofa bed was very comfortable and toiletries were high end.

The lady who came to turn down our bed was such a sweetheart. She gave my kids extra chocolate and water.  Also, even though the front desk came off a little cool, they gave my kids a free movie for the night and snacks.  

I would definitely stay here again.
*ALERT ALERT*
This is going to be another completely bias review, as the Rittenhouse Hotel hosted our wedding reception in 2010. 
Lori Maslowski, Director of Catering, was a instrumental in creating our whole event! She was always in touch and really kept her cool! She anticipated everythingThe hotel itself is a mix of commerical, and residental space. Tt's localed in the heart of Rittenhouse Square and the park is literally footsteps away.
Our Bridal suite had an amazing view,  overlooking the park, the adjoining living room space was magnificent and large, it was about to 7 bridesmaids, other family members, videographer and photographers well!  The large marble bathroom was magnificent.

The Lobby area which housed our cocktail hour was separated by double glass doors that separated our event from guest check in! The Mary Cassett lounge was a wonderful setting for the party to really begin. There is also an outdoor garden area  to unwind with in the lounge.
The formal ballroom is large enough to house 250 people. I really fell in love with the chandeliers and  wall sconces, it truly set a beautiful backdrop for our reception.

I've also stopped in at LaCroix on several occassions and the service and food is impecciable! They have the best turkey club, I've ever tasted.  The sommelier here is wonderful, if you ever get a chance to chat him up, he will give you some great recommendations.  The food is remarkable and I favor the chef's tasting menu!

Although, there is an air of poshiness to this hotel, I've always felt welcomed when I've visited.
The entire staff really paid attention to our every wish; banquet managers, waitstaff, front desk staff were truly remarkable and the service is top notch. I can easily see why it's been given the 5 Diamond Award.  Obviously, the Rittenhouse will forever hold a special place in my heart, but judging by other experiences, my review isn't too one sided.
What a beautiful hotel! I was fortunate enough to stay briefly in a lovely suite overlooking Rittenhouse Square. Our suite had two separate rooms and yes, two bathrooms (well one was a half bath). The suite was appointed with lots of soild wood furniture and was tastefully decorated in a traditional upscale manner. The bed was very comfortable and the hotel provides terrycloth robes, bedroom slippers, and an unmbrella if you are unfortunate enough to need it. 

The service at the hotel is excellent and we enjoyed chocolate covered strawberries and lemony sugar cookies at check-in. Our housekeeper, Susanna (I think?) also did a great job cleaning our room and turning down our bed at night. When we needed our car at the end of our trip, it was ready and waiting for us by the time we made it to the lobby.

The location and service at the Rittenhouse is fabulous. Would I stay here again? Absolutely!
After returning home from a one night getaway in this hotel (to visit the fantastic Van Gogh Up Close exhibition in the Art Museum) I am now reevaluating hotel rates in general - what is it exactly we are paying for when we are booking hotel accommodations: the room/suite itself, the service, the location, the view? 

How do I rate the hotel in general if all the listed factors vary greatly from each other? 

We have had a similar experience before, also in Philadelphia. The Palomar (a Kimpton hotel) had a fantastic spa room I greatly enjoyed, but the service was not up to par.

Here, in the Rittenhouse Hotel, it was the other way around: the staff was indeed superb and flawless in every way (every single one we met), but the rooms were not quite meeting our expectations. 

The 2nd room was adequate (after we moved from the first which had not been to our liking), but we have had bigger and better rooms (and suites!) elsewhere for HALF the rate we paid for a "deluxe room" at The Rittenhouse. 

So is the prime location worth the prime rate? Or the view onto neighbouring buildings and the park? Or does the outstanding service justify the outrageous rate?

The deluxe room 912, while kept up over 20 years, seemed outdated. The furniture had chips and nicks, and the curtain even had a burn hole from a cigarette! (Since when is this property a Non Smoking property? For how long has this hole been there already?) 

While this was not disturbing us, the very high price was simply not matching the room's condition. It was absolutely clean, but it seemed strangely outdated. The style was very pleasant, and I would keep that (so this is not about fashion!), but when things get damaged or worn, they should be replaced. Especially at a rate like The Rittenhouse's!

If we had paid around $200-250 for this room, I would have been absolutely happy and would have simply ignored the chips, nicks and the burn hole. But with over $500 per night (incl. museum tickets, valet parking, breakfast for 2, taxes and fees we paid $517) you are really getting onto another level here, and I am afraid that their rooms are not worth that price.

Now that the Hersha Group (owner of properties like Hampton Inn, Residence Inn, Courtyard by Marriott, Holiday Inn etc) recently bought The Rittenhouse Hotel (March 2012), maybe they will take some steps to refresh the rooms. 

I had serious doubts that our first (small looking) room really had the advertised 600 sqft, in fact I suspected that a mistake had been made and we had mistakenly been put into a "superior room" (their term for standard room). 

The front desk reassured me that our room indeed was a "deluxe" room (one step above "superior") and that it really had the advertised 600 sqft, only the layout was different from room to room, and therefore it looked different than the picture online. 

But without me asking they were looking for another room right away, found one, and a servant led me there to evaluate it. 

On the way to the new room he asked me whether I had seen the large bath room, and he mentioned that its huge space is counting to the room's square feet measurement. I had seen the bath in the first room we were put in and had to tell him that they were actually not big at all, and that I was actually a bathroom nut who chooses hotels by their bathrooms, and that I am usually staying in hotels who offer spa bath rooms. And those spa bath rooms were really not comparable with the Rittenhouse bath rooms. He was a bit silent after that and then we changed the subject. 

I found their bathrooms really kind of ordinary. Separate shower stalls are standard today, and the low tub was not comparable to anything other hotels would offer nowadays (google "Fuji tub" to see what is out there in other hotels). It even lost its water while I was still sitting in it (seal was not tight). 

But we greatly enjoyed the 2 corner windows we had in deluxe room 912, which was actually laid out pretty well with its furniture, and it felt indeed spacious. 

The vanity section between the room and the bath was also designed well. Make up mirror and big dressing mirror were helpful, and the free Fiji water and the fresh nuts were a nice greeting, along with a welcome card from the management.

Another plus was the free Internet (wired and wireless), the turn down service with robes and slippers and LaCroix chocolates, and the generously sized tubes of Aromatherapy toiletteries. They also offered complimentary shoe shining over night.

II actually would like to return to this property, if they'd offer a good deal. You know, if they had a loyalty program which would offer perks and exclusive offers to members only. 

Oh, I forgot - they do have that already - but unfortunately it costs $150 yearly to join the "Access Level" and even $1200 yearly for the "Leaders Club Unlimited Level"... (Seriously!) 

So where will I stay next time in Philly?
Great location. The manager, Mr. Markowitz, was not very hospitable.  We will not be coming back here.  The Ritz Carlton is our first choice for luxury and service
Pricey but well worth it.  The rooms are incredibly spacious with sitting areas, and immaculate.   I love the bathroom with great shower pressure (my #1 thing i notice about a hotel) a television in the bathroom (love that) and a very comfortable bed.  The staff is incredibly gracious and accomodating.  Anything you need, is yours.  And location, location location.  Walk outside on a beautiful sunny day, and your'e in the lovely rittenhouse square with your hearts content of bars restauarants, shops and places to walk.

But I'd call it more "comfortably elegant" than swank.
Great spot. Great service. Overlooks park. What more can you ask for. We had a wonderful time and were treated like royalty. Price was a little steep but that's nothing compared to the memories we retained for this magnificent stay. Book your trip.
I have stayed in many hotels in my travels and this place knows service and how to treat a guest ! Over the Top style !
Where do I start?  This is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed at.  In fact, I think it's my favorite hotel of all time.  I went once with my girlfriend.  We were treated like royalty.  We had such an amazing experience we went back again on a trip with my parents.  They loved it too.

Their rooms are large and have a charming classic American style.  Both times, we had a room viewing the park, which was beautiful in the morning when we were enjoying breakfast in our room (their room service is prompt and delicious).

The service in this hotel is impeccable.  From arrival to departure you feel so comfortable and welcomed.  Upon arrival we were given a voucher for a couple glasses of champagne at the library bar, which was such a nice gesture.  Right when we got to our room, we were greeted by a staff member with complimentary nuts and fiji water.  As you can see, the pampering continued.

We tried the afternoon tea, which was one of the best I have ever had.  The service at the tea room and the set up was flawless.

At checkout, they had a tray full of chocolate covered strawberries and fresh baked cookies.  It made it hard to leave!  When we were ready to leave, the door man arranged the hotel car (a beautiful jaguar) to take us to the train station.  

Thank you to everyone at the Rittenhouse for making both our stays so memorable.  You are the premiere hotel in Philadelphia, the city of brotherly love.  We will be back!
Actually spent a night here in the Presidential Suite (hey booked the Junior Suite but got a free upgrade).  Probably 2,000sf, it boasted a grand piano and two bathrooms.  The dining room table could sit 12, and the view overlooking Rittenhouse Square was spectacular.  The suite was so big that I actually got lost trying to find the bathroom at night.  A couple glitches kept this from a five star rating but overall I felt...presidential.
Our first trip of 2021, and we decided to spend some time at the Rittenhouse Hotel in Philly.  Can't recommend this hotel enough. From the time we made our reservation, our check in and during the length of our stay, the staff was amazing.  Anyone and everyone who we interacted with, greeted us with a smiled and made us feel at home.

We stayed at the Rittenhouse Hotel for 3 nights.  There's a driveway with some parking at the front door of the hotel.  You can leave your car here for some time, while you unload your luggage, check in.  When we checked in, the hotel had upgraded us to a suite, which was really great of them.  The check in process was quick and Samena at the front desk gave us a warm welcome.  She went over all of the Covid safety precautions, and also the benefits that came with our reservation.  A few minutes later, we were headed upstairs.

Our room was on the 6th floor, room 600.  it was facing the rear of the hotel, and had a view of the City, and as we found out the next day... the sunset. You walked into a fairly large living room, which had a minibar, couch, some chairs and a cafe style dining table.  Through the next door, you walk into a study area, which had a desk, and a small separation for the bed.  Within the room was a small hallway that had a double closet and the bathroom.

The bathroom was really nice, with a tub and a separate shower, and double sinks.  The entire room had smart switches, including the bathroom... and you could easily control the lights, and dim them as you liked.  This was one of the features that we appreciated the most.

The hotel also carries one of our favorite bath amenities (Acqua Di Parma), and one of our favorite teas (Tea Leaves Company). It also had an illy coffee machine and pods, which you could make coffee or an espresso.  We also had a separate hot water kettle for tea.

Our stay included a credit for breakfast, which was provided through in-room dining.  Food was delivered promptly, and due to safety precautions staff doesn't enter the room, but do help make sure the food cart gets into the room.  Food was hot, and everything was covered.  Eggs were cooked perfectly, and the juice was fresh. When you finish, you just roll the cart outside, and call in room dining, so they can come pick up everything.

It's been a while since we've stayed at a non-chain hotel, and we are so glad we chose the Rittenhouse.  Wonderful stay, and we can't wait to come back again.
It's not a bad place to be.  Large rooms overlooking the park.  Huge marble bathrooms with tub and shower options.  Everything was clean and neat as it should be.  

Service wasn't as warm as I would expect but they weren't rude either.  The doormen were helpful for finding local spots to dine.  The car service was super easy as well.  The lobby was over the top, very luxurious. But I don't spend much time in lobbies.  Overall, pretty charming spot to sleep.
This is the swankiest place I think in all of Philadelphia.  This hotel is seriously decadent.  It's got a HUGE parlor downstairs with lots of nice furniture, a Steinway, and a garden with a fountain out back.  The staff is impeccably helpful and polite.  The rooms are sumptuous and pricey.  They also rent out space for weddings and stuff.  I certainly can't afford this place, but if you have the money and are from out of town, definitely stay here.
Spacious room, hot showers, luxurious bed, & room service were all wonderful. It is a short walk (but feels longer in heels!) across the park to our favorite restaurant. So happy my husband and I were able to celebrate our wedding anniversary with a mini staycation at this hotel.
Originally I liked this hotel. Very nice and great staff. But my stay was back in December. Today, seven months later I get an email from them saying they charged my card on file for transportation that they apparently forgot to charge me originally. This was a business trip so now I need to go through the paperwork from back then and see if I can get reimbursed for this. It took them seven months to charge this to me. They sure didn't seem to care, just a robotic apology because they got their money and I'm the one left with the tab if I can't get the reimbursement. Trust lost.
We have now stayed at the Rittenhouse Hotel twice, one 4-night stay, and a second 2-night stay.  During both stays we were on the "R" floor, newly renovated, and technically the "unlucky" 13th floor of the building.  (we are not superstitious!)  On our first stay, we dined in Lacroix Restaurant for dinner, and on the second stay we had brunch on Father's Day.  Both meals were top notch, and we had two friends with us for the brunch.  They commented that "this is the flashiest hotel we've ever been in."  We really like it here, and the people are very attentive to the needs and wishes of guests.  My other half used the spa every day.  The hotel gets a score of 95/100 from us, and I'll leave it at that, plus a good collections of photos I shot on the afternoon of Father's Day, 19 June 2016.

One DEFINITE negative is that nearly every electrical outlet is taken up by hotel stuff.  There were two free in the bathroom and two in the bedroom; NONE at the desk.  Where would you prefer to set up your laptop and iPhone and such??
There is simply a lot of class and elegance here. The bar looks beautiful and the bartenders have a great deal of knowledge. The drinks are expensive, but the ambience is really nice. It's a great place for a casual night out with a few of your closest friends.
What an upscale and posh place to stay. A friend and I went for a conference, and when I tell you our jaws dropped when we walked into the room! The room was very spacious and clean. It could have used some minor paint fixes, but still great. The bathroom was also pretty amazing. Which also mimicked the quality of service from the workers there who all had great attitudes. It's pretty pricey, including the mandatory $49/night valet parking, but it's definitely a great experience nonetheless.
With great hotels, it's the small details that make the difference, and the Rittenhouse Hotel has certainly succeeded.  From the first person to greet you to check-in and throughout your entire stay the staff at the Rittenhouse Hotel exemplify excellent service and professionalism.

As for the facilities, they are first rate.  The rooms are extremely spacious, and thanks to the unique architecture, most have views of Rittenhouse Square.  The bathroom has a separate tub and oversized glass shower.  Toiletries are from Aromatherapy, and the bed was very comfortable.  The meeting rooms at the hotel are also very comfortable, and we made good use of them during our stay.  The location couldn't be any more central or better, but you should definitely check out Lacroix.  I've had both brunch and dinner there, and it is consistently one of the best restaurants in Philly.  I also got a great rate at $249/night, so why would anyone stay at a Marriott or Hilton at the same price?  Highly recommended!
On Saturday March 6th, I drove down to Philadelphia from New York to have a last-minute date with a friend.  I normally don't stay at high end hotels.  But I knew the Rittenhouse Hotel had superior standards for cleanliness.  That's important during this time.

I booked the room on Hotel Tonight, an app that does not give refunds.
As I rolled into town, my date texted me that she thought she had a fever and was afraid she had Covid.

My reason for going to Philadelphia was lost.

I pulled into your driveway and was greeted by Seamus, the most charming man in Philadelphia.  I was angry.  I was heart broken.  I wanted a refund on my room and to go back to New York.
Danielle began work on my refund.

As I stood outside waiting for Danielle, Seamus and I talked.  He pointed out all of the things to do in Rittenhouse Square.  He uttered a phrase that became my mantra for the weekend "Mr. Kelly, you're already here."
Danielle and Hotel Tonight issued me a full refund.

10 minutes later, Seamus's advice sunk in.  "Mr. Kelly, you're already here."  I rebooked the room.

Between Seamus and Danielle's travel advice and the cleanliness and quality of room 704, I stayed not just one night but two!

Special shout out to John in room service and the library bar for maintaining such charm (and his ability to remember names).  John at the door also was very kind!  And Danielle's partner at the front desk was also amazing and helpful!

Please accept my best wishes and gratitude.  You have assembled a great team.
Stayed here for 3 nights on my first trip to Philly. Great location to explore the city. Easy to walk to cab/Uber anywhere. The hotel is very nice. The rooms are quite large. We had a nice city view. The shower was a bit temperamental in terms of temperature. But nice bathrooms. Enjoyed staying here. They have a nice bar as well. On Saturday night they bar had a great musical trio playing. Highly recommend for a tourist or romantic getaway.
My partner and I recently stayed here for the first time to kick off a long weekend celebrating our anniversary. Situated on Rittenhouse Sq in Center City, the location can't be beat. It's in a terrific neighborhood, close to our favorite restaurants, cafes, and museums in Philly. We booked a room on an upper floor that offered park/square views and it was great. The room, decorated in a more traditional decorum, was very large and included a full-size couch in a separate sitting area, king-size bed, adequately-sized desk, powder room area, and a huge bathroom! (We live in a 700-sq ft 1-BR condo in downtown DC and I was joking that the shower alone is bigger than our apartment.) Major plus for us: there was an Illy coffee and espresso maker in the room. The staff was attentive, professional, and very accommodating. We didn't get a chance to relax in the lounge or bar area just off of the lobby, but would have if we had more time. 

I have no complaints about this property, but I will say I probably wouldn't stay here again. We're in our 30s, and while we're certainly not kids by any stretch, the overwhelming majority of the people in the hotel seemed to be *much* older than us (by at least 30-40 years). Not a bad thing at all, we just prefer a more diverse and mixed age crowd. I felt like we were staying at our grandfather's hotel--very nice, reliable, with a lot of navy blazers and khaki pants and a smell of strong aftershave.
Was here for a work related event and the spread that they set out for our continental breakfast was SO TASTY! Everything was covered from condiments for you morning  coffee or tea to spreads for your morning bread. Our lunch was great also salad fresh. tomato soup was delicious! I will be sure to go back and visit the hotel!
Whenever my wife and I go out to dinner with the grandkids in Philadelphia, we always enjoy a drink or two (my wife has more than two generally).  However, we don't want to risk the safety of the little ones by driving back to the burbs, so we have a condo at The Rittenhouse in downtown Philadelphia.   It's absolutely great!

The doorman, Joe, is very nice and knows all of my grandkids and my dogs by name! So awesome!   Our condominium has two bedrooms and a great view of the park. It's the closest I can get to taking a nice walk in Rittenhouse Square with my wife unless, of course, we are shopping. 

They also have chocolate covered strawberries and cookies available in the lobby on weekends.   Quite delightful.  Even if we aren't staying in the condo, my wife will still stop in for those goodies.   She loves them!  She and the grandkids once ate the entire plate, which I didn't think was very appropriate. Luckily, Kencey and Will, who work at the front desk, just laughed it off!

Sometimes, my wife and I will go to the hotel for coffee, tea and biscuits! So great!   Our good friend, Martin, usually stops by on the weekends, but the front desk knows him and just let's him up.  Skip, the front desk man is also great! 

The guys working the lobby always take my dogs out for walks because we sometimes bring them to Parc for dinner (only when we eat outside, of course - this isn't Paris). 

They also offer room service to the condominiums so my wife orders it often for breakfast and dinner when we are staying over. On Sundays, she goes to Le Croix for brunch. She loves their mimosas. 

Great condominium. My wife and I will be staying here tonight after our dinner at Buddakan with our grandson, Lou, and his friend, Gloria.
This is our 6th year visiting The Rittenhouse Hotel. We try to stay here at least twice a year. The hotel is what I would consider to be 5 Star in the most perfect location in Philadelphia. Once you get here there is no reason to get back into the car unless you have to leave the City. There are many room configurations, they are all unique and spacious. For us this has become our home in Philadelphia, they do have a condo as well so one day we may even be able to have a place here. 

We love the new gym, The staff is exceptionally well trained, friendly and professional. The Management is first class.  There is nothing you could every want that they wouldn't do for you. There was a point in our travel history that we stayed at many of the other name hotels in Philadelphia and there is just no comparison to The Rittenhouse so we stopped doing that and we only stay here. You should do the same. 

Rachel & Carl
Fort Lauderdale - Philadelphia
Customer service isn't their strong suit. My husband wanted to throw me a birthday party at this place and he wrote them several letters. They never responded.
The last time we stayed at this hotel was the last time. (Sometimes it takes you awhile to learn when your money is not wanted.) We were JOLTED out of bed in the middle of the night by the emergency alarm which forced everyone to evacuate. Just as we were getting ready to head outside, we were informed that it was a false alarm. Only later did we learn that the Miami Heat were in the house and one of the wives pulled the fire alarm. For a joke? In a drunken stupor? Who knows. All I do know is that when I mentioned this at checkout we were barely given an apology, but this seems to be business as usual at this establishment. We ate at their restaurant, LeCroix, and found a hair in the food and they acted as if we were the jerks for mentioning it. 
Save your money and go to a place that values your patronage. This place overcharges and acts as if you should be worshipful for the privilege.
My husband and I stayed here along with our 3 year-old daughter. This place was very nice- we would definitely stay here again! Rooms are very spacious and clean. Service is impeccable. Bed was SO comfortable- we all got a really good night's sleep! Location is excellent- right near good shopping (Anthropologie on the corner, Burberry down the street) and good eats (Max Brenner's just a few minute walk away!). They even provided a mini robe and slippers for my daughter. At turn down, they give you chocolates (that were really good!), weather report for the next day, and free shoe polishing service (put your shoes out by 1am and they're returned by 6am the next day).  We also dined at one of the restaurants in the hotel, Lacroix. Excellent food and service! My only complaint was that the pool was small, but overall this is a great hotel and I hope we will return sooner than later!
Don't get me wrong, the place is pretty nice. I will go along with others that have positively commented on the reception of guests. However, for a place that prides itself on phenomenal service I will have to slightly disagree. 

I stayed at the Rittenhouse for three days on business. Upon checking in I had the desk make reservations for a car for me to use on my third day of stay (which I needed by 10am on the third day). Naturally, I assumed everything was arranged after they assured me that it would be. However, at 9:45am on the third day (the day I needed the car) the hotel called me to mention that the rental car company I prefer did not have any cars available and that they wouldn't be able to secure me a car (again, this is 15 minutes before I needed the car). 

After firmly insisting that I wasn't in need of a car to go sight seeing, I truly needed it for business, I had to essentially instruct the head concierge on other companies he might want to try to get me a damn car (all I needed was four tires, an auto tranny, and a navigation device). After seeming quite put out by my request, he was finally able to get me a can by 11am (an hour later than I specified). Needless to say, I wasn't extremely happy with their "world class service." 

I may have had an isolated incident, but I'm pretty sure I won't return to the hotel if I need special arrangements made. Otherwise, the hotel was "fine."
Nothing bad to say about this place except two things:  I asked for the NY Times and we got the Wall Street Journal (small potatoes, for sure); and the morning felt like a freaking cacophany of slamming doors.  I mean, seriously, the door next to ours slammed at least 15 times, and my brain was rattling.  They should invest in those things that slow the doors down before they shut.

Besides that, lovely time.  Nice big room, ridiculously comfy bed, we got a view of the Square, amazing deep bathtub with really nice aromatherapy bath products.  Just a very very nice place to stay if you can swing it.  But be prepared to wake up whenever your neighbor is off to work.
Recall my last review; great hotel and service but lack of any fitness facility kept it from 5 stars. Also thought the shower was a little small. 
New fitness facility is now open. All top of the line Techno Gym equipment. Trainers very friendly. Dressing room first rate with steam and sauna. Great spa area, you can get a straight shave to boot. 
PS The shower in my room 507, full size along with very spacious room. 5 Stars baby.
Did not end up staying at the hotel because bad weather cancelled our flight. At first they told me they wouldn't offer me a refund for the room. The hotel called me the next day and not only offered a refund also offered a free night at their hotel. Class act.
*This review is for the spa*

Working retail really sucks the life outta you! After holiday season and working 2! Not 1 BUT 2! 50 hr work weeks back to back, I told myself that I deserved a treat! And what better way to treat yourself than with a spa day!

Spa: 
Every inch of the spa was clean and very modern. Once you've checked in, The girl from the front desk gives you a tour of the whole spa, which is helpful! They have a relaxation room (tea and water is provided) Sauna, Steam room, Gym and a pool. They give you a locker ( more spacious than I expected) and you can make up your own 4 digit code which is nice! The robes are very warm and plush. They also give you slides which came in handy since I forgot to pack some for the pool.
The women locker room is very nice, they provide you with everything you need! Hairdryer, brush, comb, deodorant, razors, you literally just have to bring yourself and a bathing suit.

*Also, This is my first real spa experience. I usually go to Hand and Stone for a massage, which I never really enjoyed but w/e it did the job. Why pay $150 for H&S when you can pay the same price for a more relaxing and luxurious experience.*

General Service: All the staff members I encountered were very nice and accommodating.

Atmosphere: It felt very luxurious, staff and guests were all very quiet which I appreciated. The Relaxation room was my favorite part! The lighting was perfect and there was enough space for multiple people to really relax and stretch out.

Massage: I had the 60 min "The Rittenhouse" massage. Colleen was great! Ive had a massage by a women before and usually it makes me very tense, but I was so calmed and relaxed that I would definitely book with her again!

Pro Tip: They let you stay as long as you'd like. My massage was at 1:00, I arrived at 12 to check in, used the gym, I swam in the pool and relaxed before my appointment.  It wasn't busy the day I was there which was perfect! After my massage I spent almost another 2 hours taking my sweet ole time just relaxing. Sat in the steam room for a bit, showered, did my hair, makeup, etc!

I definitely recommend The Spa at The Rittenhouse!! I will be returning very soon!
if you are hanging out in rittenhouse square and need to pee, this is the restroom to go to. just walk to the west side of the park, cross the street, go right up to the entrance and the doorman will open the door for you. then go through the second set of doors (automatic) and make a left. walk straight ahead and go up the last set of mini stairs on the right. then make a left. and then another right and then another right again (i think.)

super clean and fancy, welcome to luxury. you will immediately notice there's a world of difference between these bathrooms and the one at barnes and noble, which may as well be the restroom at market east or jail.

there are real flowers in the restrooms. there are two or three different types of hand towels/napkins, all made of soft cotton. it feels strange throwing them away, but they are indeed disposable. the stalls have doors with a knob that shut. you get the picture.

after one stop at the rittenhouse, you will never want to wait in line to pee at barnes & noble again.
From Wikipedia: "Hotels seeking to join The Leading Hotels of the World must apply for admission. To be considered for inclusion, a hotel must be in the luxury category. Inspection reports based on hundreds of criteria are subsequently filed with the Executive Committee, whose members then vote for acceptance or rejection."

One stay at The Rittenhouse Hotel and it's abundantly clear how they not only made the cut, but undoubtedley continue to exceed the criteria in every way.

Located directly opposite the also highly-rated, renowned public Rittenhouse Square Park, The Rittenhouse is a beautiful, elegant establishment that perfectly and uncannily blends extravagance and homeliness. 

My family of four, together with my parents, travelled on an East Coast tour staying in multiple Starwood hotels but this was by far the highlight. The Rittenhouse were extremely accommodating and welcoming, as well as being completely understanding and receptive of our needs. We were given adjoining rooms - something not one other hotel in a week of travelling through five cities could manage - special welcome gifts for the kids, and special welcome champagne for the adults. Every, and I mean EVERY staff member treated us with genuine respect, charm and professionalism. Special mention goes to guest services member Perry who made us all feel like royalty returning home immediately upon arrival, and to Michelle, the freakishly talented mixologist who concocted the best, by far, Whiskey Sour I've ever sampled in my life - fittingly known as 'The RH', their signature cocktail - in the chic surrounds of The Library Bar.

My only complaint? That we stayed only one night. But in that twenty-four hours, with the help of charming general manager Reginald Archambault and his brilliant staff, we had an incredibly relaxing, rewarding and memorable introduction to the City of Brotherly Love.

It's money well spent to experience a stay at a hotel of this calibre. Six stars.
Spacious room with a massive bathroom and a great view of the park.  Our flight arrived at the crack-o-dawn and they let us have early check-in when we arrived at 9am (thank you front-desk man Greg, you rock).  We attended a wedding there and it was beautiful.  They service and catering was amazing.  The elevators take forever but that's my only complaint.  The black out curtains and proximity to restaurants/shopping were also much appreciated the morning after the wedding.  If I ever need a hotel in Philly again, I will definitely stay here.  AAA discounts as well, yeehaw.
Stayed here for a week on a work trip very old school classic decor - gold finishes, large rooms & unbeatable location. Exceptional staff. Room service is expensive ($40 for breakfast) but the food was excellent,  delivered exactly on time by a fantastic guy that couldn't have been nicer. The parking fees are horrendous so if you've rented a car (1st, WHY cause you can walk/taxi/uber anywhere for less) just know it's gonna cost you a bundle.
I can't say much about sleeping here, since I have not done that, but I have had breakfast, lunch and tea and best of all, I have had a massage and facial in the spa.  These things were so good, I'd sleep at the hotel just to have tea and a massage again.

The spa area is being renovated so it did not lose points for dinginess.  The spa staff was stellar. My two clients and I had massages and facials and each of us felt that they were some of the best services we have ever had.  The atmosphere is warm and friendly, yet a little posh. There is a sauna and lots of goodies in the bathroom (you know, combs, brushes, razors) to make you feel like you have the conveniences of home. The prices are on the high side, reflecting probably the location (next to Rittenhouse Park) and the usual clientele.  

The tea service was amazing. The view is almost suburban because of the proximity to the park.  

There is valet parking and a discount with the spa services. Still it costs $25 to park there.  Parking exists around the corner in a private lot, but there you pay almost $20 depending on how long you park.  You might as well use the valet service and get a few extra minutes at TRH.
This review is specifically for the afternoon tea. 
I had been having a rough past few weeks and my husband surprised me by making reservations here for afternoon tea (hadn't had it for the past few months, since I moved to Philly from D.C.). Bonus: it was one year since my now husband proposed to me :)

The place settings were beautiful and cozy and the music, softly played all my favs from the Sound of Music. (I secretly lost it at edelweiss, such a beautiful song). The harpist was a dream. 

I also must say the service was impeccable from the minute you step in to coat check until you leave. Servers were very attentive and knowledgeable. We got the $55 package which came with the sweet and savory tea bites and cakes platter, a glass of wine and your choice of tea in your own teapot. What I was unused to and was quite pleasantly surprised by was the "sharing" option where for $20 more you could get another tea/teapot. I am definitely used to just having to pay double price. 

Honestly, I loved all the little sandwiches and the scones (and accompanying spreads) were amazing but I didn't much care for any of the desserts except maybe the little fig one. I think I might have enjoyed them more if they were chilled. Not sure. Also when the server came to explain what was on all the platters, she only spoke about the scones and savory stuff and didn't mention anything about the desserts...I mean some were obviously chocolate but since they were so thorough with the rest why not? Also we opted for the sharing option because I am used to 2 of everything being brought on the platters anyway but maybe next time we might just pay double because there was only one of everything so difficult for both of us to try everything.
We stayed here just before Christmas this year and had a great time!  Rittenhouse Square park is lit up with balls in the trees, what a view at night.  The complimentary hot chocolate and peppermint sticks were such a warm and welcoming way to come in from the cold.  

I especially like how kid friendly they were!  The bathroom was decorated in sponge letters for each of my children's names and they even had kids robes and slippers and a bedtime story book about Philadelphia.  

Front house staff very friendly and professional.  I can't wait for an excuse to return.
This was the nicest hotel I've ever stayed at. The hotel staff was extremely friendly, the room was large and it had both a shower and a bathtub, slippers, robes, flatscreen tv, free wifi, great location, etc. No complaints other than it being pricey.
Beautiful, clean, we had a great view from the 7th floor of Rittenhouse Square. The staff was fantastic, always smiling and helpful. I would love to stay again.
I was fortunate the event I was attending was at this amazing hotel. Over the top on customer service. Great luxurious room. Slippers, robes, great bathroom condiments, HIGH-speed internet and more.

I stayed 2 nights and I would go back.

As others have said, you can't beat the location. The park, the street vendors, really old buildings. Close to everything.

Great place to hold events. The banquet staff was ON IT. Our event for 250 people had a cheese steak buffet!
I love the location in Philly near all the best restaurants. Service is excellent as is the food in the main dinning room, particularly for brunch. Rooms are spacious and well lighted. Would absolutely be 5 stars except for two things. First, the showers are the size of small phone booths. Stand sideways or you might not get out. Second,  no real fitness center. For what is probably the most expensive hotel in the city, I really think they need to address those two significant negatives. That being said I  keep coming back--location, location location.
I really liked this hotel. Perhaps it was the fact that the trees in the park just outside were blooming, and the hotel did nothing to impede my enjoyment of them, but I was really glad I chose this one over the Ritz-Carlton, where I have usually stayed. 

Clear, large room, friendly service, perfect location. I have nothing critical to say.
Lackluster... Our room was spacious but everything was old. The chalking in bathroom was two different colors. Room had odd sewer odor.  We ordered room service. The turkey club was the BEST we've ever had and the hamburger was the absolute WORST - beyond words how terrible it was. Fries had so much salt that even the kids would not eat them.  Evening bar menu had very little to snack on.  Disappointing experience.  Sadly, we would not go back.
The Rittenhouse is really my idea of heaven.  Everyone there is super polite and heavy on the customer service.  It feels like you are the hotel owner every time you stay there.  It's the only place I want to stay when I'm headed to Philadelphia.

The rooms are very nice.  They are super roomy.  I'm not sure if I'm upgraded because of the Virtuoso travel club, but my rooms are excellent.  There is a seating area with a TV, sofa, and work desk, as well as, a bedroom.

The restaurant is amazing.  The food is creative and delicious.  Like the hotel staff, the service in the restaurant is top notch.  Everything I've eaten there is excellent.

If you are looking for the top in Philadelphia hotel, the Rittenhouse is it.
Decent. Was missing a TV on the desk in front of bed so we were forced to watch the tv that was in the sitting area
My new husband and I stayed here for the first few days of our honeymoon - what a glorious and luxurious way to start our married life!  It was the perfect place to rest and celebrate after we were married on Rittenhouse Square.  My mother-in-law gifted us a few nights at the hotel since we were having our wedding reception at the delicious La Croix restaurant. When the hotel manager found out it was our honeymoon, they upgraded us to the most beautiful suite looking over Rittenhouse Square. Everything about the experience - the celebratory champagne from the manager, the luxury bed and bedding, the lavish marble bathroom, the attentiveness of the staff - all made it an experience we will remember fondly for the rest of our lives!

If you want a memorable and luxurious stay in Philadelphia, book your stay at The Rittenhouse Hotel.
We checked in today for 4 nights with our 2 year old son, and it's been nothing but fantastic start so far! Personalized toy, milk & cookies for my son upon our arrival.
The Rittenhouse is an old school luxury hotel sort of stuck in the 1990's: thick carpets, lots of beige tones, polished brass everywhere, tea service in the afternoon, classical music piped into the lobby, and an expensive restaurant with ho-hum food.  The rooms however are another story.  Here is where old school lux scores points with me.  The rooms (why you stay at a hotel, IMO) are huge and my room overlooked the square.  The bed was enormous and extremely comfortable.  There were thick, comfy club chairs in the room, a large desk and a massive LCD television.  I could live in this place.  The bathroom was quite large too and was well appointed with soaps, shampoos, body washes, etc.  The shower was spacious and delivered scorching hot water.  There is nothing worse than standing like a zombie outside the shower at 6am waiting for it to heat up.  Another nice touch - a small LCD television next to the sink, so I could watch CNBC whilst shaving, fantastic stuff.  I felt that the hotel left a lot to be desired, but the rooms were absolutely excellent.
The wallpaper was peeling, there were nicks in the sink, the carpet was dirty.  Location is good, but, this hotel is very overrated.
ugh!! stayed her 21 years ago and loved it.  they have not changed one thing since then! yuck! the decor is so stodgy and it smells like a great grandmother's apartment.  so disappointed.  with so many choice in center city, we are so disappointed.  the bed is saggy and the bathroom is so old.  the scale in the bathroom must have been there since the hotel opened in the 80's.  do not stay here.
Large very comfortable rooms with a great view of the square. Spa and club has a perfect fitness room with an appropriate balance of cardio and weight machines. Lacroix resatuant was solid both for breakfast and lunch. The souffle pankcake with caramelized apple and walnut was truely special. The library bar and put together a superior cheese plate with a decent wine selection. Bottom line is they hit all the luxury notes here and the service is top shelf.
The back bar is small but the drinks are amazing. They also have a nice private courtyard to enjoy the drinks outside.
Great location and one of the best staff I've encountered in traveling.  We spent wedding anniversary there and the accommodations made the trip extra special.  Definitely would stay there again.
I scratch my head thinking about anyone that would rate this a 4 or 5 star hotel. We were hoping it was since it is ranked among the best in Philly. A 5?  4 Seasons, some Ritz Carlton's, Mandarin and Langham in NY. Not the Rittenhouse in Philly. It is a Hyatt. A solid 3. 
Location. 5
Service.   4  They do try hard. 
Restaurant. 4. Excellent food, nice venue, good service. 
Room.  2. When you enter the room, in our case a suite, your jaw drops at how poor this room is. It appears the hotel has not had a new piece of furniture since 1975. The lobby is a 1965 green motif. The furniture in the room is old, chipped, covered with smudged glass. The chairs and couches have some stains, they are bottomless when you sit on them as the cushions are basically broken. The air conditioning was old and loud. There are various chips in the wall, our bed sheets had rips in them, the vent was hanging off the wall. Worst of all the place smelled and felt like your grandmother's house covered up with industrial strength cleaner. My wife wanted to leave when we walked in.
For a Virtuoso Hotel, The Rittenhouse falls short.

Two major problems:
1) The bed was uncomfortable. This is all a matter of opinion, but both my girlfriend and I woke up sore.
2) Valet parking..$40 a day? Seriously?

The staff was nice, but that is to be expected at any hotel. Overall, this was just an okay hotel.
The only reason this hotel is getting 2 stars and not 1 is because the room itself was nice. Once we got there at 3:30 (check in was at 3) we waited TWO hours for our room. Keep in mind this is supposed to be a 5 star hotel and we paid over 700 a night for our room. Next day we wake up and waited AN HOUR for our car to get valeted until we couldn't wait any longer because we had to get home and had to beg the guy to let us get our car our selves from the parking garage. If we didn't go get it ourselves we probably would have waited there for over an hour. Definitely would not recommend this hotel especially for this price of it we should have been able to stay there for free after everything. Don't waste your TIME or MONEY for this god awful service.
Well we stayed in the Executive Suite City View. The room was no better then a Marriott room (Marriott is wonderful, I only say that because this is a 5 star hotel) however amenities the hotel has to offer is A1! There was no microwave in the room. However room service was nice enough to heat up our food. The fridge was only big enough for the mini bar options, not to actually put food  in (I'm sure that was done on purpose). The room was definitely clean, however there were cracks in our bathroom floor by the toilet. We paid 640 for the suite and based on the size and room itself it wasn't' worth it. However, it's definitely a nice hotel. They only have valet parking, which was nice.
We went in for a drink. This was the worst bar experience I have had in America. We were ignored upon arrival, after half an hour, we approached the bar for a drink as we assumed there was no table service, where we were rudely told that we had to sit down. Old men accompanied by young girls were served at the bar promptly however we received no service. After eventually being asked what we wanted, the bar staff provided ice water, and then continued to drink whilst behind the bar. We were treated like scum, my advice is do not go.
What a grand hotel! From the minute we pulled in to the minute we left, everything was spot-on perfect.

Check-in was incredibly smooth, and everyone from the valet to the concierge to the front desk staff was helpful, cheerful, and personable. 

Our room was AMAZING. We had a fantastic view of the park because of massive windows. The king-sized bed was so comfortable we didn't wake up once. Our room (suite?) was so spacious, and I loved that there was a vanity area right outside the bathroom so I could get ready while the fella showered. Speaking of the shower, it was awesome; most stand-up showers barely have enough room to turn around, but this one might've been bigger than my entire house. The toiletries and water pressure were great, and it came with a hair dryer (hooray) and a scale (boo hiss).

The staff gave us a complimentary fruit bowl and offered turn down service. We also had a card under our door in the morning with the weather forecast. Last but not least, free wifi!

The location couldn't be better and more central for what we wanted to do (LOVE park, art museum, Independence Hall, Liberty Bell), and it was easy to walk places or catch a cab to/from the hotel.
Really nice and classy establishment. Very enjoyable. We went here for an anniversary weekend and were not dissapointed. Best mattress I've ever slept on at a hotel hands down. Really spacious, no noise anywhere, comfy bathrobes and slippers, INCREDIBLE view. Just so nice and the location can't be beat.
About as perfect as a hotel stay can get. I had a lovely, spacious, clean room and extremely friendly service. The boutique shop on site was a bit of a letdown as the selection was very limited.
My room was missing a remote and they had one delivered to me in less than five minutes.
The location is perfect.
