I hadn't been here since it was Four Seasons and I was a college student down the street waiting for Dave Matthews' tour bus to pull up here. Oy. True story. Lots of really awesome improvements and upgrades have been made! 

While I personally did not stay here, I can speak about the very pleasant interactions I had with employees, including valet, and about the gorgeous common areas. My uncle and The Portland Trailblazers do stay here often and are very pleased. The rooms are rather spacious and very clean! 

From the valet, to the concierge, to the door man, to the very friendly, personable bartender at the bar in the lobby, all were overly kind and made us feel very welcomed! The female woman who greeted us by the front door even gave my girls a toy from their treasure chest. Such a sweet and appreciated touch! The staff were all very well trained and went above and beyond doing their jobs. I even overheard the concierge giving great advice to a guest regarding local attractions and such. You can really tell they take a lot of pride in their hospitality! Noted! 

We sat at the bar, by the fireplace and even in the game room. All were stylish, sleek, sexy, chic and trendy. I noticed every artsy detail of the place. Amazing design! I really loved the vintage photo chandelier when you first enter! Look up! It's awesome! The little courtyard looked lovely as well! They have a large indoor pool and an adequate gym. 

I also loved, and must mention the Moore College Of Art & Design original artwork for sale on the walls! I loved this collab with the school down the street. It warms my heart when local supports local!  (Shout out to my Alma Mater!) 

There's a neat restaurant with great ambiance attached called Urban Farmer. It was great for a creative cocktail at happy hour time and I hear a meal here is bound to be a good one! 

There's also a semi new rooftop bar which over looks Logan Circle. While the prices may be a tad high, the views of the city from up there are beautiful! 

I will highly recommend The Logan Hotel conveniently located on The Parkway to my out of town friends and family. I would definitely stay here myself and would say it's worth consideration if you're headed to Philly especially if you're taking part in activities on The Parkway such as Made In America or 4th of July! Perfect location to be in the middle of all the action.
I had a very pleasant stay here while in town.

Nothing is open at the lobby but a coffee shop where they also sell breakfast sandwich. We stopped by there every morning to pick up breakfast and ate at our balcony overlooking Ben Franklin Parkway. Patio had nice chairs and a table, perfect place to hang out and enjoy the view.

Staff there at the front desk and coffee shop was as pleasant as they can be. They greeted with nice smile every time we walked by.

King suite with patio was spacious and I really liked their patio. Did I say that already?

My favorite part was that fluffy robe. They sell at their spa if you want to take one home. I travel with a carryon so no rooms in my suitcase otherwise I would have been very tempted.

It's a Rocky style robe. I wanted to come to Philly just to pose like him at the Art Museum. It was my #1 things to do and their robe was cherry on top.

Great location, close to so many attractions and walking distance to a train station. Amor love sign is right across from this hotel.
Very trendy... The ambiance here as a little weird on the day that we decided to lodge. From reading other reviews, it sounds like this used to be a four season property, but is now Hilton. That sort of thing doesn't really matter, but does lead to some interesting questions. Firstly, we received stares, quite a few of them, mostly from guests. Secondly, the young lady at the front desk was very kind. The cleaning staff was also equally hospitable. Finally, the room was clean and view was perfect. Comfortable room size and beds. Valet parking is ridiculously high. Other area hotels are charging far less for valet. Not sure if we would stay in town again as compared to the burbs, but it was a fun experience. 

Overall rating 3.5, closer to 4.
Things I Like About The Logan.

1. Somehow* they had the most affordable** rooms in the area (with double beds). 
2. The bars downstairs (Urban Farmer and the other one) are gorgeous. 
3. All the lights (except the blinding ones in the bathroom) are on dimmer switches. 
4. Good beds. 
5. Good showers.
6. The alarm clock is some crazy Bluetooth hybrid that charges your phone and doubles as a speaker you can play anything you want through.

Things I Don't Like About The Logan.

1. They aren't great at communication. I specifically left word at the front desk for them to give my brother a key when he arrived (late, as always). Somehow, there was no record of that, which cost me a little sleep. 

2. The valet fee is $55/day. I don't drive a lot, but am I wrong in thinking that's absurd? I feel as though parking should be included when you stay at a hotel of this caliber. And even if it isn't, I feel like the service needs to be faster if I'm paying $55/day + tips for valet parking. And if it does happen to cost the ridiculous amount of $55/day, they should pay the valet guys (who obviously work hard) enough and tell us customers that they make good wages, and not to worry about tipping. Maybe they do pay them well enough, but there was no notice I could find, so we were still tipping them on top. You know, because we aren't animals. 

Solid hotel, though.
____________

*Hotwire.com.
**Still not affordable, really. But better than some.
TLDR; BED BUGS.

Regretfully, due to bed bugs in my room that bit us all night while we slept, I feel obligated to warn the public. 

The room was all around sub standard in many ways, but I feel bad going into those things given that it all added up to bed bugs feeding on us during the night. We woke to bed bugs crawling on the pillows. 

The hotel rightly refunded everything after sending up a security lead and some other type of hotel authority, but it took some prodding and it was all very unpleasant. 

Pro: the breakfast they graciously comped us at the hotel restaurant was very good, and the hotel pool is pretty.
My experience at this hotel was hot and cold. (2.5 stars if I had the option)

The GOOD:
+ Beautiful hotel in the middle of the city. Great location to get to the Art and Franklin Institute Museums. 
+ Really pretty inside with cushy rooms and there's a game/library downstairs where you can play pool and sit by the fire. 
+ Attached to Urban Farmers which is a really fantastic restaurant. Urban chic decor and really delicious foods. Come early for breakfast!

The BAD:
+ As some other reviewers mentioned, we did not get our rooms on time. Even though the manager responded saying this would be fixed on other reviews, the issue is definitely not fixed. We waited for 2 hours (6 PM) to finally get a room. There was a family of 4 next to us who was still waiting when we got into our room..... who knows how long they had to wait. This is just UNacceptable. I have never had this happen at a hotel, much less a $200/night hotel. They tried to make it up by giving us food vouchers.... but really, we needed our room when we needed to check in to make it to dinner and the rest of our plans. This would've been an automatic 1 star experience if it weren't for the lady at the front who after I complained, gave us complimentary breakfast at UF. This is the ONLY reason I gave this place any more than 1 star because we were given a delicious breakfast. 

+ Our room was on the 2nd floor and it was LOUD. At night, people were dancing to loud music in the lounge area and we could hear everything. The doors and walls were definitely not sound proof and we tried hard to go to sleep to very loud  music at 11 pm.... Being on the 2nd floor also meant we had no view whatsoever... I think we just oversaw the roof.

+ Our room had ZERO towels when we arrived. You would think for how long it took them to turn over the rooms, they would make sure we had towels.... We had to call for the towels and wait for them to be delivered....which set us back on dinner even more after the late check in.

Overall, I was very disappointed in this hotel. We decided to splurge on a nice hotel since we wanted to fully enjoy the city and be close to everything but this hotel did not live up to expectations. I know it's new so it's still fixing its kinks... but really, late check ins should not be a thing - esp. not a regular basis which seems like it is. 

*Beware of reviews from a long time ago on TripAdvisor or other travel websites which gave this place 4+ stars because this hotel use to be a Four Seasons which apparently was amazing (They're the same location so reviews from the old hotel were combined with this one). This new hotel is only a few months old as of March 2016.*
I have now stayed at the Ritz, Rittenhouse, and Logan hotel in Philadelphia and have come to the conclusion the city's poverty is at fault for its hotels staff, hospitality and hotel amenities not the brands themselves. Wharton students are not the Inn-keepers of these supposed 'luxury' establishments, rather poor uneducated simple people who live in one of the poorest cities in the United States. No one from the Cornell school of hospitality and hotel management is employed at these wretched places that much I can assure you. 

At my most recent outing at the Logan I awoke at 5 am to the sound of electric staplers and screw drivers working about in the room directly above me. I called down the front desk to ask them if they could kindly do something about the noise. They told me that unfortunately the room needed repairs and work has been done on it all week. Very well, then why on earth would you check me into  the room below it if you knew men with electric tools would be pounding away at 5 am. 

Calling to book the hotel, I asked about the spa, and they said it was 'state of the art and brand new' only to find out once I've checked in that it hadn't even been opened yet. Frightening.

The Four Seasons used to inhabit the Logan Hotel's space. I can see why they left, they didn't want to tarnish their reputation with a property that could not find experienced hospitality people to employ in Philly. The poor and uneducated Philadelphia work force is ill equipped to handle the necessities of guest willing to pay 500 plus a night for a hotel room. Sadly, the jokes on the customer, for one reason or another we must be in Philadelphia, probably for something to do more with the 'mainline brass' than the rest of its population and we must allow ourselves to be swindled less we find ourselves in a best western advertising its premium cable package on a sign in its conveniently located parking lot with double wide trailer capacity!

Please excuse my brevity, diction, syntax and prose. :)
Our room was dirty. The coffee table has cup stain and it sticky with some sort of residual still stuck on it.

TV corner has a lump of black/brown clayish material stuck on it.
Our stay here was spectacular. This is a Hilton brand hotel and this location fulfills every expectation of what a Hilton branded hotel should be. Location seems to be in what I would consider a business district but nonetheless convenient. Upon our approval I was in aw of the decor. Sleek, warm and comfortable. Our check in process was simple and our room was ready upon arrival. The rooms are spacious and beautiful too. While the rooms do not come stocked with a microwave, all you have to do is contact the front desk and they will bring you one right up. We did have a fridge and were kept fully stocked on toiletries like body wash lotion etc. Over all a wonderful stay at this lovely hotel and I would definately consider this if traveling again to Philadelphia in the future.
Overall we were very impressed with the Logan Hotel.

The lobby is very spacious and quite gorgeous with lots of interesting artwork and sculptures and statues all over.  The lobby has many seating areas and nooks and crannies all over the place. The air conditioning on a sweltering weekend worked great, not only in the room but everywhere including the upper hallways and that big lobby. 

And by the way, the AC in our room was not only very effective but also very quiet, with none of the bone rattling thunder claps that often accompany a thermostat's call for conditioned air.

Our room was spacious and beautiful- more artwork everywhere. Comfy bed, huge bathroom with an awesome shower, and well-functioning WIFI.

One very cool thing the Logan offers its guests are FREE Philadelphia soft pretzels in the lobby!

The location is tremendous- right in the heart of the Logan Square/Logan Circle tourist zone with dozens of museums and attractions and restaurants on every block.

We had breakfast at their house restaurant Urban Farmer (separately reviewed) and it was very impressive as well.

Our room rate was $169 a night, which I think is a great price for a swanky big city hotel in a high tourist area. But the add-ons killed that buzz -$58 a night for parking and a variety of taxes that upped the ante another $28 a night. 

Thank you Logan Hotel and staff, we had a very enjoyable stay.
Disappointed and won't be back.  Most staff care, others don't.  My colleagues apparently didn't get good service from the bar on multiple nights and I also observed other service inconsistencies.  Late night room service menu was so bad I left hotel to walk to Wawa (as a chicken Caesar salad was the only choice).  I have no complaint about my room or the decor, but it's not amazing - just okay.  Gym is small and there is no hot tub or sauna (even though there is a spa).  Kicker though was the most unprofessional behavior I have ever witnessed from a hotel manager (Ronald I believe) who got into a bizarre, as far as I am aware unprovoked verbal altercation with my husband at the end of 5 hour glorified cocktail party (i.e. no sit down meal) for which my my organization totally overpaid.  The Four Seasons or W equivalent this hotel isn't.
God awful, terrible....  We were promised a room, getting in line... Etc... Have no idea what they're doing and it isn't worth it... Wedding and 40 Rooms in less than a year coming up yet they won't take care of you for anything ... Philadelphia is way too big with way too many bars to ever come here here... Stay anywhere else, do anything, etc... It's absolutely insane... Comment here an ill give you a full explanation, what terribly run place
The short: I'm obsessed with Hilton's curio collection and think they should hire me to do their PR/corporate branding ;-)

The longer: this is a hotel. I've now been twice on business... The rooms are big, modern, trendy & roomy. The beds are comfy. The toiletries (shampoo, soap, lotion) smell amazing. The bathrobe is a cool grey sweatshirt material. There's an indoor heated saltwater pool, great gym & spa access. The restaurant in the building is ridiculously good- so the room service is amazing. The rooftop bar is bougie AF and has an awesome view of Logan Circle at sunset. The hotel is walking distance from city center- shopping and great restaurants- and the museums. The staff are all really nice. The lobby and seating area are beautiful. 

I would actually not look to stay anywhere else in Philly - personally or through business travel- after finding this spot and enjoying it so much. And, Hilton Diamond members get $18 voucher and 1K points. :)
Stayed here for 1 night solo during a 9 day visit to PA from Las Vegas. I had stayed at a few different properties during my visit and was saving this Hotel for my Last night which was a Saturday night, as I wanted it to be a relaxing night at a nice hotel. 

The hotel used to be the Four Seasons from what a local told me. It is advertised as a 5 star hotel and the pricing reflects it. It is one of the pricier hotels you will find in the area, maybe besides the Rittenhouse Hotel. It has valet, indoor pool, spa, gym, wedding venue, restaurant, rooftop bar and a few outdoor areas. 

When I arrived I had to stand in a long line to check in full of others that were there for a wedding. Mostly younger Hipster types. I could tell right away why this hotel is so marked up. It is a wedding venue hotel. It caters to people having weddings and their wedding parties. Do not stay here if you are not in a wedding. That is all. Not worth the price. 

When I finally checked in. They gave me a bag with a water and my room. My room had an overlook of a courtyard and a gravel rooftop. King room, bathtub, small fridge, sitting area, large mirror, tv. Pretty standard for a 3.5 star or maybe 4 star. The blow drier was crap and it took me 1.5 hours to blow dry my hair. I had to listen to people coming in from weddings all night get to their rooms and at one point there was someone singing karaoke at about 3am. Security luckily shut that down pretty quick. 

I did venture down to the spa on Sunday to go swimming. The pool didn't have an actual spa you could use? But there is a spa you can pay for? I tried to book a spa treatment and they were fully booked... you know due to weddings. I didn't use the gym, but walked through it and a guy using it said there was everything there needed to get a workout in. 

Overall, it was just uhh. Average. I would pay $180-$200 a night for it. But not anything more.
I quite liked The Logan. 
PROS:
- The atmosphere was modern yet still sophisticated, upscale yet still comfortable and not stuffy, large, but not big box - you get the idea! 
- Great options for dining and libations: Lobby bar, Urban Farmer (bar and chop house), a rooftop bar, a coffee shop, and 24/7 room service. Again, all had a really great atmosphere. I love the look of this place!
- Amenities include an expansive gym, a lovely indoor pool, a nice outdoor courtyard, and a spa that was voted best of Philly.
- Room cleanliness was impeccable. I have to commend the housekeeper servicing 359 during the weekend of 11/2-5. She and all of the housekeepers on our floor always smiled and said hello.
- We were able to check-in early and we received an upgrade looking over Logan Square with beautiful views and the windows open slightly to allow fresh air. The room is large and the bathroom is spacious. In-room amenities included a super comfy robe, shoe horn, safe, lockable closet, mini-fridge, wine glasses, a Keurig coffeemaker, and really nice bath products.
CONS:
No major cons here - just my nitpicks.
- The lobby bar was closed one evening for a private event. There are 2 other bars in the hotel, so you still have options...it was just that we specifically wanted to go to the lobby bar that evening - silly, I know. 
- The fire alarm went off around 4 or 5 a.m...no fault of the hotel, those things happen all the time, but we never got any direction or explanation as to what happened.
- Service was good, but nothing special. It was more of the vibes and location of the hotel that sold it for me.
The lobby looks pretty, the photos are pretty but they tried to scam me. At check-in, she told me that while a free upgrade was not available (dpacd available perk for diamond level Hhonors), I could pay $75/nite, plus taxes, to upgrade from a junior suite to the Pennsbury suite. She proceeds to claim that this is a "deep discount exclusively for Diamond members". Given that my parents were visiting me and my son for the day, I decided that the bigger living room made sense. Once I got to the room and could recharge my dead phone battery, imagine my surprise when I saw that I could have simply rebooked my room online using a AAA discount for just $78 more INCLUDING TAXES for BOTH nights. Not just me, but any Joe Schmo with a AAA card could get the lower rate for this room. I don't like being misled or overcharged, so I went to ask the front desk later to see if this could be fixed.  She kept making wrong assumptions about why I was able to find the lower rate, and after about 10 min of shooting down her arguments, she went in back to "speak with a manager". they kept me standing around another 10 mins, another staff member assures me that "someone is in the back with a manager working on this". When she comes back out, she says that I can speak with the manager in the morning since we're staying a second night. I insist that I want to clear this up tonight before being overcharged for my stay. Then her story becomes "well, the manager isn't here right now". Hm, so exactly who were you "working on this" with in the back?!? The same person was was offering me the "exclusive Diamond discount"?

Next day, by 430p the manager has not yet reached out to us. Line in lobby has been 6 people deep every time I swing by. I'm not wasting more of my vacation time standing in line only to be told more lies.

Actual hotel room?
Pros:
*Large living room in pennsbury suite
*Expansive views of eastern half of Logan Circle
That's what you're paying more for.
*saltwater chlorine pool was super fun for my kid. I did notice that, while the water was clear on Friday afternoon, it was less clear on Saturday evening and downright  cloudy on Sunday morning
Cons:
*elevators broken or not working. Of the three, there was always one not working. This was especially problematic on Sunday between the groups heading to brunch (there had been a wedding at the hotel on Saturday night) and checking out.
*walls are paper thin. Imagine being asleep in the dark with your six year old when, in the middle of the night, it sounds like two strangers have walked right into your bedroom and are talking with each other right at your bedside. Their conversation was so clear, and their volume was at normal speaking levels, that I could easily have joined in and they would've jumped out of their skins. I'm sure they didn't appreciate hearing my kid getting out of bed  at 6am, either.
*poor to no internet signal in our suite
*Weird suite layout. The bathroom is right by the front door and only accessible via living room. Shoe designed this place?!? The bathroom should have been place with doors to access it both from living room and bedroom. Duh.
*Broken minifridge: two of the three shelves are broken, and it had been unplugged and was full of watery puddles. Gross.
*one single trashcan so tiny (6x6x11) that it hardly holds anything before it's overflowing
*not enough outlets in usable places. Given that people travel with computers and smartphones, why are there no outlets by the desk?!? The lamp happens to be plugged in via a long cord that snakes across the floor, past the minifridge and behind the floor lamp. This is both unsightly and a griping hazard. No room to plug anything I over in that corner because the mini fridge, the keurig, the desk lamp and the floor lamp also plug in over there. So you ha s to choose between working in half darkness, not keeping your food and drinks cold or no tea and coffee. I know which one has to go but I am still tripping over all the cords snaking across the floor. And I still don't have a place to charge my phone unless I put it (a) in the bedroom so I have to get up and walk across the suite to answer calls (and can't be on a conference call if my phone needs charging) or (b) on the floor near the entry foyer.

Update: I called the Hilton Hhonors Diamond line to see if they could straighten this out for me. The person on the phone with me said that she could also clearly see that the Joe Schmo AAA rate for this room was the rate I said I could get as a person off the street, less than half of what the staff at The Logan was trying to charge me per night for my "exclusive Diamond level upgrade". She said that while she could not do anything at that moment, that I should call back if it didn't get resolved by checkout. Magically, at checkout, the $173 upgrade charge was waived.

Does anyone wonder why Starwood has the better program and reputation?
We took our two toddlers to Philadelphia for their first time, and were excited to stay in a one bedroom suite with them. Unfortunately, the upkeep of our room was not good. The redeeming quality of the hotel was it having a pool and great room service options. 

For starters, after opening the sofa bed, which would be occupied by my kid, the sheets were stained, used and even had a jar of jelly. It was so gross and made me very uncomfortable considering it was only a thing sheet and directly onto the mattress; who knows how long it's been like that and what stains have seeped through. Upon calling for a sheet change, housekeeping assumed it was just us wanting a sheet change and I had to point out that it was a previous guest. Honestly, I was expecting the front desk to call and follow up or something, because that was really gross. We then saw the decorative pillow stained with several brown spots. And the final straw was sitting on the carpet and finding a piece of chocolate chip cookie from who knows when. Then you have the clock still on daylights savings time. All of these things added together made me lose my trust in cleanliness; these are things that at a minimum, should be checked for before turning over a room.

The positive of their rooms is the beautiful window view of the Logan fountain, and even in the master there's a beautiful view and ledge for kiddos to sit on and people watch. 

Another plus -- the room service from Urban Farmer was really impressive and we felt there were plenty of options. Best room service food I've had; salads are really hearty (with radish, juicy grapes, carrots, fennel) and the fish of the day, grouper, was really cooked to perfection... not dry at all! Breakfast came on time, with delicious cappuccinos, a tasty and filling English muffin sandwich (which can actually feed two) and eggs breakfast. The staff delivering were also extremely friendly and nice to my kids. 

Just beware delivery is $5 plus a 18% gratuity charge. Valet parking is $58/nt. 

The pool room and salt water pool itself were warm temps, and there were plenty of towels, noodles and kick pads for the kids to use. 

I don't know if we'll stay here again for the next Philly trip, due to the lack of responsiveness/follow up to our room issue.
3.5.

I have stayed in many hotels in Philadelphia, I frequent the city on a somewhat regular basis. I like to try different hotels, because I like variety. I had a great time here, but was a little let down. When I viewed the photos, I was expecting my room to have a balcony area (I had a double bed--parkway view room) however I was told, those are solely in the suite rooms. Also, I noticed the robes, but again, those are only in their suites. The room itself was pretty basic, standard double room. The bathtub was deceiving larger than I thought, which was a positive.

The lobby area was nice and had ample seating and a nice fireplace area. The front desk, valet and security staff were all very friendly. 

The bed wasn't the most comfortable, but it was okay. The bed could have been a bit bigger and firmer. Also, another negative was I've never seen a hotel that didn't have a Lan outlet near the bed--it was a bit of a nuisance to have the phone charge by the table and had to go back and forth. 

Either way, I would potentially return here, but only to stay in their suites.
Stay here for one night upon getting stuck in the Philadelphia airport.  I was looking all over trying to find something on my phone and I couldn't find anything close to the airport so I decided to choose this as I always try to stay in Hilton hotels. 

This is from their curio collection and my understanding is that this used to be the four seasons in downtown 

It was less than 15 minutes from the airport by Uber. The premises are nice, it is right in the center of town so there isn't much greenery. 

Walking inside everything is very well cared for, they are our couch groupings to sit and have a conversation, there is a bar which had several people sitting at it upon my arrival at 11:30 PM. There is a couch groupings around a fireplace near the bar. 

Inside is decorated in a modern fashion very attractive. The hallways are a bit dark but everything was very nicely appointed nonetheless   My room, I had requested a king bed and when I got upstairs it was two double beds which was not nice but I was too tired to go and change out my room. I had asked for one at the end of the hallway which I did receive. 

Inside the room they have several nice features including a cure egg coffee machine although they only had decaffeinated nighttime tea not any regular tea. They had a good array of products in the bathroom including shampoo, conditioner, lotion, body wash, vanity set, a make up remover pad which unfortunately was dried out, but the thought was good.

I would stay here again in a heatbeat!
Really nice hotel in the heart of phillys downtown area! Beds are comfortable and it's in walking distance of the bustling Rittenhouse square! We enjoyed the stay!
Traveled to Philly for a post holiday retreat and to take our 7 year old son around Philly and Sesame Place. First impression: the hotel decor is on point and well put together. Comfy and stylish seating looked welcoming. Different art pieces (sculptures and paintings) graced the lobby. Check in was smooth and the front desk was helpful. As our first day came to an end, I was pretty happy about my selection. Until it was time to sleep. I woke up at midnight itching. My husband asked me if I was okay and then he noticed his cheek was swollen from a bite. Yup, there were bed bugs. We called the front desk and they immediately sent someone (I think he was from the engineering department?) He was very polite and reassuring. He got to our room and we checked our beds and sure enough, he found two bed bugs. He captured a couple and placed it in a cup for a sample. We went downstairs and spoke to Matt and Paulette in the front desk. We had asked for allergy meds since my husband's face swollen and I have bad allergies to bugs. Matt was kind enough to get Benadryl for us. The front desk staff wasn't rude or mean, but as I spoke to them, they seemed indifferent. You would think that they would go the extra mile to comfort guests who were just bitten in so many areas (face, elbows, feet) they moved us from room 802 to 508. So tip: do NOT stay in 802. Our bellhop (wish I remembered his name) was very nice and chatted with our 7 year old son. He told us to call him if we ever need anything. My husband had a hard time falling back asleep at 1am, paranoid that there would be bed bugs again. As mentioned, the front desk seemed indifferent as if it was OUR fault. As if we wanted to find and get bitten by bedbugs. They didn't offer us a refund or to do our laundry (we were scared that we might take the bed bugs home with us) until we asked. We asked and we received the refund and the laundry was taken care for us. I spoke with Michelle on the phone the next day to ask about sending our laundry and she was kind enough to offer us vouchers to the on site restaurant Urban Farmer after I had asked if they served breakfast. Anyway, the lesson here is, if you need something done at The Logan, you need to ASK because they won't make that initiative to go above and beyond to rectify a bad experience. It would've been nice if they took care of everything without us going after them. I'm a pretty easy to please person and I don't try to make any unnecessary demands, but just wish this was handled differently.
Wonderful stay at the Logan hotel. So many great reasons why this is one of the many great hotel philly has to offer. Location is great, near all the attractions. Service is great, especially if you are Hilton honors gold and up. 

Restaurants: bars at the lobby is open and nice, with posh fireplace. There is also "The library", where there is a pool table and huge flat screen for you to enjoy and chill after your day. Urban farmers is a must try. Farm to table, fun, rustic chic and modern atmosphere. This will be the main dining hall for your breakfast if you are HH gold and up. French toast and shrimp and grits are both really awesome. Assembly is the rooftop bar. Posh quaint with outside terraces over looking the city, with fireplaces. One of the few bars that actually carry Louis XIII in it's crystal bottle. even if you don't wanna drink, try the rooftop for a quick browse or even hang out by the fireplace outside and chilax. 

Amenities: awesome warm salt water pool. We enjoyed the pool so much even during 30s climate. There's also a nice gym. Spa services available. 

Parking: yes this hotel like many lux hotels in the prime downtown area, parking is around $50+. However, if you will not be driving around the city, there are a lot of parking garage options nearby. this hotel is rated 4.5 stars, in prime area with lux amenities, so parking will be equally pricey.

#travelbug #cityexplorer #hotelreview
Wow.  What a nice addition to the Philadelphia scene.  Great service staff food and drinks.
3 star hotel. Nicely appointed rooms. Beautiful lounge, garden and outdoor seating area. Convenient La Colombe coffee bar in the lobby.
Here are the issues: we stayed in a suite for the weekend for $700+/night. Impeccable cleanliness is expected at this price point. There were black hairs on the bathroom floor and in the shower. The bidet (which I did not use btw) didn't look impeccably clean. The lighting in the room was dim, especially in the vanity area, and one of the lamps did not work. Housekeeping never came on Saturday.. so ended up making our own bed in the afternoon.
We also had an adjoining room for the weekend which we paid an additional $350+/night. There was furniture blocking the doors to the adjoining rooms, so we had to move chairs and lamps in order to gain access. We spent over $1000/night to move furniture!? This should have been set up prior to check-in. These details are key.

We stayed as part of a room block for our daughter's wedding. There were issues with this too. One was the hotel contact person had an attitude, almost to the point of rudeness, about one last-minute reservation change. In addition to the block of rooms, we rented several pods at the rooftop Assembly lounge. In total our group dropped over $30K for the weekend. At this price point, I expect five star service. 

Note to self: stay at The Ritz!
5th floor room stay was nice. The view of the city and foundation was beautiful.
Our room was clean and neat, the bathroom felt a bit outdated but that was fine i'm not staying here for the bathroom.  All the accommodations were lovely, love how there is a library and lounge is so TRENDY & inviting. 

We didn't have time to visit the pool or gym but if we stay again i will MAKE time The lobby's decor was beautiful i lovedddddd the hanging pictures. The service we received was great every one was very polite and if we needed help finding a place we were helped. Even out front the valet drivers were friendly. The price for the valet was a bit expensive per hour so we just did an all day. I didn't bring my dog but i saw other guest with their pets which is nice to know you can bring your fur baby on a nice stay as well.

Will def stay again and recommend.
My recent stay at The Logan was nice. I checked in on the Hilton Honors app on my way from New York and requested a Digital Key (allows you to pick out your room, use your phone as a key and bypass the front desk). For whatever reason, this didn't work and I still had to stop by the Front Desk. Not a huge deal and I received a room with a view of the square, plus on a higher floor, for my troubles. Cool!

Beyond that, the room was modern and clean. The bathroom could have been nicer, with a sink that made sense (the faucet was almost directly over the counter, so water would go everywhere). I realize it looks cute, but a sink needs to function too! Honestly, I'm not sure why the Logan is considered an upscale hotel...I would want more. I'm thinking the location and a few of the amenities are the reason (Spa onsite, Rooftop Bar, popular steakhouse on the main floor--The Urban Farmer). Apparently the hotel was previously a Four Seasons, which had rave reviews...so there is likely some "leftover luxury" from there, I guess.  I must say, the Rooftop Bar was actually very cool with gorgeous city views. Also, the pool was never overly busy and seemed to be well kept, except for a couple of large puddles on the floor. FYI, the hotel website says the pool is heated, which didn't appear to be the case...maybe the heat was broken. 

Whenever I encountered the staff, I thought everyone was helpful and courteous. Parking at the hotel was ridiculously expensive, so my family parked on the street or in parking decks when visiting.  Overall I would certainly stay here again when I'm in Philly. Happy Travels!!!
I am so annoyed right now.  I am a Hhonors Diamond member and I have stayed at multiple Hilton properties.  I called today to find out about an upgrade and to see if they would waive the pet fee as I would only be there for one night.  The first girl I talked to was basically reading off a script.  I was told they don't do upgrades in advance.  Also, she didn't seem to care about my status and was just repeating herself over and over.  She also had a slight attitude.  I am not sure if she was upset about having to work or whatever, but she was not the typical person you talk to when calling a Hilton.  As to the second issue with the pet cleaning fee she basically could care less.  She once again told me how "very sorry that there was nothing she could do for me."  I asked to talk to her supervisor.  I guess he didn't want to be bother either because she came back on the line and was like "oh yeah I talked to him and there is nothing that can be done."  I then said to her that "I asked to speak to your supervisor and not to play the phone game."  I called and asked to speak to him not have her relay things to him.  I then got the chance to speak to him after some hesitation from her.  He came on the phone and basically read from the same script she was reading off of.  I have never heard of not getting an upgrade over the phone.  Also, they NEVER make me pay the pet fee.  This guy just didn't care and I got the impression I was interrupting his lunch.  I will probably cancel this reservation for another Hilton in Philly that does upgrades.  What a joke for a high end hotel.  The place won't stay open if they keep treating their loyal customers like we are trash.
I'm a big Hilton fan and stay with them all the time when I travel for work.  I've come to expect a certain level of quality.  Not at this location.  The bathroom vanity was cracked all the way through and was barely on the wall.  The shower head was in disrepair, as was the bedside lamp.   The coffee table was filthy as was the fridge. That really bothered me as they claim to clean and disinfect the room in this COVID era.  They put a sticker on the door that says something to the effect that this room has been cleaned and disinfected.   The cushion on the chair was torn and large stuffing was showing.  This room is typical of a stop and bop not a Hilton property.  Avoid room 770.
It's been a nice experience so far. Wonderful new spa, gym and workout room. The pool is a fantastic escape. The staff is truly amazing. They are the best in Philadelphia. From the valets to the front desk to housekeeping ... First Class!
Had a terrible experience here. Well actually didn't even get to stay here. I booked online and even called to confirm my check in. When I came to the hotel they told me there were no rooms available and could not accommodate us. We had come from NYC and since there were no rooms available we had to get back on the train that same night. Please do not book here if you are looking for good, quality customer service. They did not offer anything to help us or even compensate. Please don't book here if you want a pleasant stay.
Beautiful hotel in Rittenhouse. We got a really good deal online. Check in went smoothly, and we had everything we needed in our room. We were only there for the night so we didn't get to swim in the salt water pool, but it was very enticing. Even their workout area was inviting! We had drinks and entrees in the Urban Farmer which is a restaurant within the hotel (which was very funky, contemporary and delicious). Parking was expensive so we parked at a local garage and walked. Overall, we were very happy with our stay and I'll definitely return!
Stayed at The Logan last weekend (8/13) for one night. As far as hotels go, the stay was okay. Definitely didn't like the fact that there wasn't any free parking. It was $55 for the valet and $48 for the parking garage. Didn't mention anything about paying for parking on the website unless I missed it. Anyways. 
Corridors really dark. Very poor lighting. It made the hotel seem seedy 
Bed was ridiculously soft and uncomfortable 
Fridge didn't work. Had a replacement fridge delivered which also didn't work
Saw a roach in the room. Though I killed it and threw it in the trash only see the bugger moving around in there still. 
Location is nice as it overlooks the park. 
Bar on the roof was nice. 
Overall, even though the stay wasn't horrible, I won't recommend this hotel to anyone.
I arranged for myself and a small group of friends to stay at the Logan for a bachelorette party for one night. The rooms and facilities the hotel are comfortable and nice. However, their customer service is terrible.
I had originally booked 2 rooms, then upgraded one room in person when I was at the hotel. A few weeks later when I called to confirm, both rooms had been changed but they were next to each other.  
Then, when we got to the hotel our suite was not ready yet (and wouldn't be ready for another 2+ hours) and the other room was NOT what I had confirmed on the phone. In fact, it was on a different floor. I told the woman at the front desk about all this and she said there was no note in the reservation about it being a special occasion and there was nothing she could do. So we went to the other smaller room for the time being.
When we got back from dinner another man at the front desk said the suite was finally ready (it was 9 pm when check in was at 4) and that there was actually another room next to the suite available. I again explained the entire situation and he said we could switch but we would move our own belongings. We went up to switch and the keys did not work. Once we got correct keys, we moved our own luggage to the new room. It was on the same floor but down the hall from the suite, not next door. We did not need the rooms to be right next to each other, but it was infuriating to be lied to after all the mix ups. 
I paid for both rooms, despite all the confusion and moves, and then two weeks later I see another charge from the Logan on my credit card. Turns out, they billed me twice for an upgrade. 
I spoke to at least 4 different hotel employees about which rooms we were actually supposed to stay in and none of them apologized, seemed to care or offer any type of consolation. There was one helpful manager I spoke to the morning we left, she was only employee to apologize for all the confusion and mix ups. However, I would not stay there again considering how badly they kept messing up a simple 2-room booking and how poorly they handled it.
This hotel doesn't understand anything about customer service. Their staff is generally unhelpful and they have a poor attitude. Choose any other hotel in Philadelphia and based on probability you're going to have a better experience. Also, if you want to have a drink at the rooftop bar make sure you make a reservation.
Most of the hotel is smartly decorated. Some of the rooms, although nicely done have the old Four Seasons furniture in it. The Logan has no turn down service and the service is generally below the four seasons standards. The Lobby and new restaurant look very nice and smart looking . One problem is the lobby bar lounge is simply not planned properly and looks awkward in two separate areas. There is no concierge. The food in the restaurant is edgy and pretty good. The hotel did a good job on the pool and spa area a 100% improvement.  The remodel cheated on a number of improvements and it shows, the service is below standards for a luxury hotel which the Logan is not. I would give the hotel a chance as the hotel is still in process of further improvements.
I really enjoyed the Logan.  I was wary after reading some of these reviews, but I always take reviews with a grain of salt.  This was another experience that justified that attitude!  

The Logan has a super hip lobby, which sets the tone.  Staff was quick and very friendly.  I stayed in the one bedroom suite.  It was HUGE.  Very clean.  A lovely white couch in the sitting room and a big sumptuous king bed in the bedroom.  GIGANTIC bathroom with brand new stand up shower, bidet (yay!  I love a bidet!  Ha that rhymed).

A few things that were a bit surprising.  I ordered breakfast by hanging the order card on the door.  It was a very fine looking order card, so I didn't expect what I got for breakfast! But was delivered it was a bag that look like you continue to take out. Now mind you, food was absolutely delicious! Simply wasn't very formal.  As I said it was more like takeout than room service.  We also ran out of towels quickly as there are only two large bath towels.  That is a very easy fix however.  Those two reasons were the only ones why this hotel did not receive a five star rating from me.

Overall it was a lovely experience and I will repeat. Try it! You'll like it!
I have never had such a horrible experience anywhere ever. From beginning to end, the service was atrocious. I went to check out the roof top bar with a few friends. We were told they were at capacity and would have to wait half hour. We were directed to the hotel bar while we waited and the server was so unprofessional. I ordered some small bites and she asked me what time was it. Not, let me check if the kitchen was still open. She was so rude. An hour went by so we decided to double check about the roof top. We actually ran into friends who were leaving the roof top and was told the place was empty all night. Waiting in line again, the bouncer Dante, starts to scream back up. Mind you, the line had barely anyone there. So it wasn't like we were pushing or in the way. He continues to get in our faces telling us to move. My girlfriend goes to find a manager to talk to. Sadly enough, she comes back saying the manager was unapologetic and didn't care. For anyone who thinks about going here should really think twice. I was a fool to even consider this place as a wedding venue. Never will I ever come back.
I spent my wedding night here with my wife. I called ahead to request champagne and flowers in my room, and arrived to find nothing of the sort. I called to the front desk to inquire and had to be transferred to three different people before being told that no such request was noted in their system. 

To the hotel's credit, they did try to rectify the situation by offering us free champagne and food at the hotel's restaurant. While I greatly appreciate the gesture, we would have preferred to stay in our room, enjoying champagne together in private. 

The room was extraordinarily disappointing. As a consultant, I've stayed in dozens of hotels and would say this room was on par with a Holiday Inn, or a standard Best Western. The shower was the nicest part of the room. I can see absolutely no reason as to why this hotel would be rated 4 stars. 

Service, again, was mediocre. The employees at the front desk didn't care to go beyond the cursory "Hello," and as mentioned previously, my request for champagne was not met and rectifying the situation took 3 transfers to different people in the hotel and 5 minutes spent on hold. Breakfast the following morning took 35 minutes to be delivered to our door and consequently resulted in us trying to gulp our food down before running out the door for the airport. 

To be frank, I regret pay the $389 I did for the one night. I could have had just as good of a stay for 149 at Holiday Inn.
The old renovated Four Seasons now at Hilton Property.  Hillary and Bill Clinton have stayed here. Great rooftop bar and restaurant- the Urban Farmer.  This hotel is conveniently located and known as one of the best in the city.

I asked to be in a room facing the Logan Circle fountain and that was honored.  The gym is clean with plenty of equipment, headphones to borrow, a beautiful lit, decent sized pool.  Very luxurious.

The bath towels and lotion/shampoo etc are of high quality and smell nice.

The bed was comfortable.

2 complaints- very loud noise above my room.  I was on 2nd floor.  Have no idea what it was but I couldn't sleep.

Also, my wifi didn't work the 2nd day I was there.  They put me on a call with AT&T and that didn't help.  This should not happen as it's more of a hotel for business people not a touristy hotel due to the caliber and price. Also, they make you pay for wifi.  It's free if you are a Hilton Honors member but it should be complimentary.  And the fact that not everyone was probably using the wifi, it should have worked.

Also, the front desk lady when I checked in kind of had this elite look like she almost looked confused when I went to check in.  No smile or anything.  Not sure maybe they get a lot of randoms in there but I just didn't feel welcomed at first.
I have an upcoming stay at the Logan. I called the hotel tonight with some questions about my stay, that I couldn't find on their website. My reservation was booked through a third party site. The hotel hadn't charged my credit card but the reservation was showing as "confirmed." 

The first call to the hotel, someone answered and promptly disconnected. I immediately called back. The operator quickly transferred me. I spoke to a representative named Linda.  Before I could ask my question, Linda told me "Because you booked through a third party, I will not be able to help, but go ahead and ask." This was a huge turn off. I didn't ask my question. Instead I asked a follow up question to the information she'd given me. She brushed me off and told me to call the third party because she didn't want to guarantee anything. Linda went on to tell me that I couldn't use my Hilton Rewards card because the hotel isn't paid by the third party. She left me feeling panicked. 

I did call the third party vendor and spoke with a customer service representative. He spoke with the hotel directly and provided me a Hilton confirmation number. This took about 10 minutes. I tried calling the Logan back to speak to someone but the line just kept ringing. 

Needless to say, I am concerned about my upcoming visit. Let's hope the customer service improves within the next few days. 

I will write another review once my stay is over. I'm rating the Logan one star, due to the lack of professionalism I've experienced so far.
The hotel is nice. But their room service is ridiculous. Here is a picture of what $80 gets you. No water glass, the wine pour is barely 4oz, salt and pepper in paper? No sides (the mushrooms were inedible and an additional charge). Needless to say I won't be back.
Great "new" hotel overall.
Formerly The Four Seasons Hotel.  Nicely renovated with almost 100% Restoration Hardware decor...very of-the-moment.  Try to get a room facing the lovely Logan Square.   The rooms on the other side of the hotel look into an office building...blah.  Great hotel location, walking distance to the convention center and many sights.

The only problem with this property was the bathroom.   No ventilation.  There is a vent,  but the master-fan was not turned on to pull the air out...a big pet-peeve of mine.  Also, someone decided to instal European-style toilets.  I hate them in Europe and I especially hate them in the USA. 

The restaurant (Urban Farmer) is SUPERB!  We ended up eating here (via room service) all three nights.  Tip: The room service menu is rather stripped down...go to the restaurant and borrow one on their full menus.
This is a fancy, modern hotel and we loved our stay.  The rooms are spacious and have excellent views. Ours overlooked the Basilica right on the square. The decor is clean and modern. The bathrooms are a good size and have been updated as well. 

We were here for a wedding. We got to see the ballroom and the courtyard used for the event, beautiful! The staff was so attentive. Both for the wedding and just as a hotel guest, we received excellent service.
Dirty! Went up to the room and found 5-7 hairs in the shower/tub. That is disgusting!! You would think during a COVID era that the room would be clean... I then did a little walk around the room and noticed the ceiling... moldy! It honestly just looked like part of the ceiling was falling because it was dirty and really gave a look of mold. The manager was nice and tried to help us book another hotel room because they were completely sold out and had no other room for us. We cancelled our reservation and made our own reservation at the Hyatt in center city - much better experience.
What a gorgeous hotel in a very nice section of Philly.   We had a great visit and found the staff very friendly and responsive.   Only complaint is we wish they had more food options within the hotel.  And on our last day the restaurant made us wait for a table for breakfast even though they were empty.  But would definitely visit the hotel again on future trips.  Especially if in the city for the art museums.
I attempted to stay here a year ago but had the worst time at checkin I decided to not move any further and left the front desk and checked into the Sofitel. So i decided to give them another try and again was Highly disappointed with my staycation with my 3 sons. We decided to give mom a mens free night so I booked the Pennsbury suite 521. I will say my check In experience was good, we were able to get a pool reservations which was great we pretty much had the pool to ourselves. 

The suite was clean and spacious but not 4 star worthy it's hard to think that this once was the four seasons well now I can see why they built a new one . This suite is a bit worn in to say the least couch in sitting area/living room is uncomfortable, poor water pressure in the shower. It's a bit dated for 2020 on the parkway and for 700sq feet this suite is empty I would have thought it would have had a king bed but I must of mis read the description it's a queen. The worst part is the technology and entertainment in the shite. 42" TVs in suites are to small most suites I've stayed in had at least 55" also they have no in room on demand or PPV I thought we would be able to watch movies but the ch line up is basic plus 1 HBO and most of the Chs didn't have a signal. Thank god we brought along the Xbox so we were able to watch Netflix and amazon prime via the Xbox. 

For $400+ total I feel cheated, 1hr swim time was the highlight everything else gave me a lower end hotel feel like a Double Tree or Hilton Garden. This hotel needs a renovation. If you're coming to Philly or staycationing let this be a last resort this is not 4 star or luxury even tho it's a Curio collection. I'm a Hilton Honors member and Hilton need to step up their luxury presence in Philadelphia.  Or reduce these rates to match what it is. I planned to stay another 2 nights but no way I'm checking out promptly at noon and heading to a true 4/5 star hotel not sure just yet but I'm looking at Sofitel, Palomar, Monaco, or four seasons.
I have to start this by saying that the staff at this hotel could not be any nicer or more accommodating they really were fantastic and this review is no reflection on them...but with that being said, I, unfortunately, found a bedbug on my bed as did a co-worker who was staying on another floor in this hotel. And more unfortunately, it was already after I had spend 1 night there. I am beyond distraught and now have to figure out what to to with my belongings. Needless to stay I cut my business meeting stay short and got out of there QUICKLY!  That little thing was crawling all over my bed. I had to post this because people really should know what they are getting themselves in to. Bedbugs are no joke!!!
Nice room, plenty of outlets and fast internet. Beds are very comfortable. Surprising room problems for such a high-end hotel that point to sloppy housekeeping include very loose toilet seat, one small bar of soap to share in the room, one cup for the coffee maker. Room facing the Ben Franklin parkway is plagued by traffic noise, especially occasional groups of 20 motorcycles till 2 am. It is quiet after that. Air conditioning is very quiet. Overnight parking is $50+.
Rooftop bar sports a beautiful view of Logan fountain, but is very pricey; one beer and a glass of house wine is $22 +tip. No real pressure from servers, so you can nurse one drink if you want. We weren't charged a cover on a Friday night.
I expected way more for a so called top notch 5 star hotel. I was highly disappointed with my stay. There is creapy haunted looking art around the hotel like the join or die sign by the hotel or vreepy art that was on my floor but i looked besides that as everyone have different taste. The room was lack luster nothing special however I was grossed out ad there appeared to be a dry blood stain on my curtains. I informed the staff in which they just said oh ill tell the cleaning crew about it. That did nothing to make my stay more comfortable knowing that was their an now wondering how. Next i made sinple request during my stay as i was there for work and  knew my schedule would be odd so nade request for when to leave my car upfront so i wouldnt have to wait long for valet non was honered. Overall not a good stay at all
For the first "real" visit in Philadelphia, this hotel serves it up. It's located in walking distance to everything. Of course there's no parking but there's garages nearby as well as on the street parking. The decor and it's art is so welcoming and invites you in with a huge smile. There's a bar as soon as you walk in. They have this amazing rooftop bar and the view is to die for. Of course there's no free coffee or bagels in the morning but at least you can take on the sites and find something while site seeing. The view from our hotel suite was amazing as well. This hotel is on the pricey side but thanks to good networking we were able to us the friends and family discount!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!(notice all of those exclamation points). The room was very spacious, the bed so damn comfy, the bathroom was cute nothing spectacular(I'm a bit of a hotel bathroom critic). It's the first thing I look into when I open the door. Would I stay there again??? Yes, just as long as I can use the discounted price
I stayed at the Logan for 2 weeks and never again. Nothing big happened. I received etiquette service and I don't dislike the hotel itself. However, I cannot stand when hotels have paper thin walls. I hear every sound from the hallway, especially when someone talks outside. It echos and the sound comes straight through the door. Walls between rooms are quite thin as well. I got startled once because someone coughed next door while I was by the desk and it sounded like he was right next to me.
For the price, and the fact that everyone likes to tell me it was formerly the four seasons, it does not live up to its name.
Nice hotel, nice location and overall good vibe. Low rating relates to service and customer responsiveness.  A hotel employee unexpectedly entered our room walking in on us with no cloths on. He said he was told the room was empty and was charging the menus. I called the front desk to report the incident and was told a supervisor would get back to me. I was never contacted by anyone and never offered an apology.
I worked here 11 years ago when it was the illustrious Four Seasons.  My heart fell when I entered the front door.  The beautiful lobby is now a cold empty bar.  The once bustling lounge is now many dark and unwelcoming doors.  What was once the most sought after reservation in the city is now a trendy chic farm to table with servers wearing plaid shirts with suspenders.  I felt like I was in the twisted future of Marty McFly.  It is not what it was or what it should be but here we are.
The Logan hotel has been recently renovated. It used to be a Four Season one. I'm a Philadelphian and actually live just about a block away from the hotel. Partner treated me with a staycation for NYE. Very easy check in. Because he is a Hilton Honor member, they gave us also two $15 vouchers to use at the restaurant, bars or Spa. 

We got a room with a parkway view. Not in its best shape since there's lots of construction going on, but it still remains the best one for the city. Bed and pillows were very comfy. I liked the simplicity of the room. Bathroom had a nice, spacious shower and all of the toiletries had were a decent size as well. Towels were also bright white and soft. I took off a star because I really dislike when cleaning personnel is loud on the hallways. Basically, they are the alarm clock. 

We ended up eating at Urban Farmer, which I do recommend but be aware that the service isn't the best. On the way to the check out, we saw that they had a great breakfast buffet. Don't miss it. To finalize the review, I would say that the hotel has a very great location for anyone visiting the city of brotherly love. Do recommend.
Super cool and artsy hotel. The staff was extremely helpful and pleasant. Any hotel that has a 24 hour gym is my type of place!! Absolutely loved the location, right in the middle of the action, walking distance to many touristic things and conveniently located within walking distance to a 24 hour rite aid. The rooms were large and super comfy. The amenities were top notch, I absolutely loved the comfortable robes and wanted to purchase on..but $100 was a bit steep :). The complimentary make up remover towelettes really blew me over...they really thought of EVERYTHING! I cannot wait to come back here.
I booked a room here primarily for the location and indoor pool. Later I read some disturbing reviews and worried that I may have made a mistake. The pool was lovely and serene and a nice size. The service was excellent so I don't agree with the negative reviews. There was also a nice happy hour Wednesday evening with complimentary appetizers and drinks. Total surprise.  So though the prices are steep you can walk to the museums, Chinatown and little Italy so I would say go if you can. Also, the farm to table restaurant downstairs was awesome!
Comes with a great rooftop view although it can get really crowded so try to make a reservation for the rooftop bar if you can. Wish it was available for hotel residences to come up throughout the day especially for breakfast but is unfortunately only available during the evening. 

Convenient location to the Franklin Institute, art museum, public library and center city but not necessarily to many popular food places--or at least the ones we had our eyes set on going to. Nonetheless, the staff were all friendly, rooms were all clean and they had a lovely courtyard where you can lounge at. Overall, we had a great experience here and would stay again.
This is a very nice, full service, upscale Hilton hotel, located right in the middle of Logan Square between the museum and the financial district.   The service was spectacular and the staff here does an outstanding job of accommodating their guests. If you are driving in, then plan on paying $58.00 for valet parking.  It is only $9.00 more than finding a parking garage, and it is worth it.   I took my wife with me to this hotel and she loved the salt water swimming pool.  It was warm and relaxing.  Our room was on the second floor.  It was spacious and the walk in shower was a wonderful convenience.  We had a nice view of the parkway but the upgrade of $16.00 to have the view was not worth it.
The traffic and the craziness that went on between 4:40-6:30 am woke us up several times and it was annoying.    I would return to stay at this property but I would stay on a much higher floor.  I give the Logan Curio Hotel 4 solid Yelp stars.
I came down from Assembly for a late night snack and libations. I met Henry the resident bartender and asked him to be creative and make me a drink he would be proud of and what he made me, was so incredibly balanced and delicious. Without revealing his recipe I learned he made me a cocktail with titos vodka as the bass and grapefruit as the top note. It was enlightening and refreshing and I couldn't have asked for anything more. 

In addition to the cocktail, I ordered a flatbread with mushrooms and seasonal vegetables. Although the vegetables (in particular the mushrooms) didn't taste fresh, I was impressed with the lemon zest accent you found in every bite. 

I have not had the opportunity to stay at the hotel; however, the lobby is beautifully and comfortably decorated in modern clean decor which makes you feel comfortable indulging in an old fashioned or a lemon drop. Have faith in your bartenders and enjoy!
While I'm not entirely sure where to start- please allow me to say WOW!

From the moment my husband and I walked into The Logan, we were treated like royalty.

We stayed in a suite with an incredible view of the Benjamin Franklin Parkway- highlights are a magnificent fountain, the grand library, The Franklin Institute crowned a little ways down by the Art Museum. 

The room itself was modern and sleek but also welcoming and comfortable. The bed was ridiculously comfortable too.
The bathroom had updated features...and the cozy hooded bathrobes were a nice touch. 

We would stay here again in a heartbeat! 

The charm of living in Philadelphia and indulging in a staycation is very underrated. Whether you live nearby or not- the Logan is an impeccable choice.
PHILADELPHIA: on our Philly trip, we made sure to pop-in to a couple of dog friendly hotels for the next time we make a visit. The Logan - Philadelphia's Hotel has a beautiful view of Logan Square and is convenient to the Benjamin Franklin Parkway. We spent time in the lobby and found they have a pool table along with a bar and a modern fireplace. A good place to stop and take a breather before continuing exploring the city.

Here is the dog policy from their website, as of May 2019:
All dogs are welcome with a $50 enhancement fee
Upon request, dogs can receive:
Pet bowl and bed
Homemade treats
Downtown pet guide
Dog shaped waste bag dispenser
A portion of the pet enhancement fee will be donated to a local animal shelter.
3.5 stars.
Nice, great design, overall good service.
Cons: shower didn't get hot. So disappointing.
Our room had a balcony and obviously smoking guests. Although the room didn't smell, you could get wigs of smoke, which made me and my kids cough a bit at night. Restaurant, GREAT food, terrible service.
The Housekeeping Dept. at this Philadelphia hotel is so poorly run it has overshadowed our entire stay here. 

Do not book a stay at The Logan if you want, expect or believe you should get attentive,  responsive,  conscientious or professional service with regard to anything relating to your room.

The details:
- The maid(s) on the 5th floor absolutely refuses to put hand towels in the room sufficient for 2 checked in guests. She insists on leaving 1 towel per day; even though we have requested towels and explained the situation every single day of our weeklong stay.
- The same maid also refuses to restock paper coffee cups, coffee cup lids and cup hot sleeves for the 2 of us guests staying in the room.
- When we call Housekeeping to request the items they say, "We will send those items right up." Hours (3+ each time) no one has still shown up with the promised missing items. They never arrive. This has happened consistently every single day! We have been to many many hotels (or various tiers) all our lives for business & pleasure all over the world. We are not high maintenance. We have never experienced such inept Housekeeping service in a hotel ever before that equals this! BTW, this is a Hilton affiliated hotel....
- When we arrived,  the knob to turn the bedside hanging lamp was missing. There was a loose wing nut placed on the end that wouldn't turn the lamp on/off. Housekeeping said they'd get Engineering to come fix it. A young man came up, looked at it, said it wasn't as it should be and that he would fix it while we were at dinner. Over an hour later we came back it was still broken. But he'd taken the wing nut. We called again. He came back with another young man about 15 minutes later. The 2nd guy suggested they just remove the lamp control knob from another room to put on our lamp. Why don't they have/order spare parts?!

The list goes on. But you get the idea.

No one at The Logan seems to know how to run or manage a Housekeeping or Engineering department in a way that's appropriate to a not inexpensive hotel that's part of a major, branded chain.

I won't get into the rather bland tasting food in their Urban Farm restaurant or the fact people working the front desk had no clue said restaurant serves ice cream (during a week of mid-90's temperatures).

Stay elsewhere! The only cool thing here were the "Rocky" style hoodie bathrobes.  And they are exorbitantly priced at $100. The average purchase price for even heavyweight upscale hotel robes is $70-75.
We stayed at The Logan for two nights while we were in Philadelphia to attend a wedding. Overall, we had a really nice stay. The public areas of the hotel are beautiful and the rooms are very nice too. The service was generally good and it's nice that they offer free soft pretzels in the lobby and free bottled water in the rooms.
The only problems we encountered were that: 
1) we had requested a crib in advance for our infant and they assured me it would be no problem but when we got there they had no idea we needed one. Fortunately they were able to get one up to the room very quickly.
2) Our first night, there was a loud party in the room right below us. That room had a balcony (ours did not) and they must have had 20+ people packed onto it, laughing and talking loudly and playing music at 11 pm at night. Fortunately the baby was able to sleep through it, but my husband and I were not. We called the front desk and they broke up the party once, but then the people returned - this time they weren't playing music, but there were still a bunch of people making noise on the balcony (which was right below our bedroom window and the noise traveled right up). We complained again, and I'm not sure if security kicked them out of the hotel or what, but this time the party was shut down completely. I can't really fault the hotel for this, since they dealt with the problem, but it did detract from our experience.

The bride and groom hosted a pre-wedding family mixer and a post-wedding buffet brunch at the hotel and the food at both events was good. We also had a brunch at Urban Farmer, the restaurant in the hotel, and it was good too, if slightly overpriced (as one would expect at a hotel restaurant).
I had a wonderful stay at The Logan for my bachelorette party!! My sister was able to get into the room at 9am (super early check-in) and fill the room with surprises for me :) Admittedly, we are needy girls and had to call the front desk to ask for various items (extra towels, extra waters...), which they delivered promptly (even at 2am when we needed sheets for the pull out).

The hotel has everything you need, coffee, snacks, bar, restaurant, amazing views AND, The Assembly Rooftop Lounge, which was unbelievable. The hotel staff was so kind and accommodating!

We live in Philadelphia so we weren't looking to do any touristy activities, but the location is very central to all the attractions and easy to get to and from. It's a great place to experience Philadelphia (or have a stay-cation)!
Staff welcoming, friendly and helpful. Good room service at reasonable prices. Comfortable, clean and downright luxurious rooms.
Close proximity to museums, not a bad seed amongst the staff, helpful front desk, good food at the restaurant. Shower, elevators, beds all in the B to B plus range- not the four seasons that it once was, but not too shabby either.
Spent a night here for my sons birthday weekend. Got a very good deal on Priceline, and as we were going to the Franklin institute (check out Jurassic world while it's still open!), it was a total score. Very close to where we were going. And a bonus, our room faced the fountain and Logan square, and today was the philly half marathon, so we got to watch the runners from our room. 

Rooms were very nice. Very good size. Bathroom was decent. Shower got warm, not hot. Still though, I was happy. 

Downside as many say is the parking fee. $55 is steep even for philly. We knew the cost going into it though, and as I was lugging a 4 year old and luggage and a stroller, I didn't really feel like finding a street garage. 

Front desk was very warm. When they asked what brought us in and my son said it was his birthday weekend, they got a treasure chest and let him pick out 2 prizes. Very nice touch, and it instantly made my son smile. Points here for sure. 

Overall we were very happy with our stay and would definitely come back
This review is for the Spa ... 
We checked in Friday evening around 5:30pm
Upon check in re received a coupon for a mani & pedi. Perfect, because that's exactly what I wanted  I called down to the spa to hopefully get in right away - as the front desk said "there should be no problem getting your services done tonight"
Well of course they said they only had time for a Mani and then I was put on hold to then be told they were booked. Ok fine tomorrow morning at 9am

I go down to my appointment and was taken to like to wait. It was nice dark and cozy. I then get escorted back to the pedi chair.. I sat in the chair for about 10 minutes before we even started..
It felt as though it was her first day and she had no idea where anything was.. 

So I guess this review can go 2 ways 40% of people enjoy the relaxation/massage the other 40% want their toes to be on point - perfect shape, get every last cuticle out of my sight, please use that pointy thing and remove everything from underneath and there sides of my toenails... You get the picture the other 10% want a perfect flipping pedicure because you're charging me $45 for it!!!!!!

Anyways let's just say my polish is now chipping and this was done Saturday morning.

My manicure 
I would have done a better job.. Now listen I get my nails done every 2 weeks - mani/pedi  NOT HERE but it was least minute and they needed to be done!

Again she didn't know where things were, she was worried about everything on her station more than she was about my nails. I had to tell her multiple times shorter please shorter. 
The paint job awful - like to the point im going this week to my place to get them done. Polish is already chipping they just look so undone you can see the lines through the polish. 

Oh and they charged me $25 to take my gel polish off.... Um ?! Right !

Oh and for the cherry on top - the coupon isn't valid on weekends... So we paid $95 + $20 tip

I mean...... Thanks but no thanks!
The only good thing about this experience was the products they used which were SPAritual - most amazing products ever!

Hope this helps
This review is for the Spa ... 
We checked in Friday evening around 5:30pm
Upon check in re received a coupon for a mani & pedi. Perfect, because that's exactly what I wanted  I called down to the spa to hopefully get in right away - as the front desk said "there should be no problem getting your services done tonight"
Well of course they said they only had time for a Mani and then I was put on hold to then be told they were booked. Ok fine tomorrow morning at 9am

I go down to my appointment and was taken to like to wait. It was nice dark and cozy. I then get escorted back to the pedi chair.. I sat in the chair for about 10 minutes before we even started..
It felt as though it was her first day and she had no idea where anything was.. 

So I guess this review can go 2 ways 40% of people enjoy the relaxation/massage the other 40% want their toes to be on point - perfect shape, get every last cuticle out of my sight, please use that pointy thing and remove everything from underneath and there sides of my toenails... You get the picture the other 10% want a perfect flipping pedicure because you're charging me $45 for it!!!!!!

Anyways let's just say my polish is now chipping and this was done Saturday morning.

My manicure 
I would have done a better job.. Now listen I get my nails done every 2 weeks - mani/pedi  NOT HERE but it was least minute and they needed to be done!

Again she didn't know where things were, she was worried about everything on her station more than she was about my nails. I had to tell her multiple times shorter please shorter. 
The paint job awful - like to the point im going this week to my place to get them done. Polish is already chipping they just look so undone you can see the lines through the polish. 

Oh and they charged me $25 to take my gel polish off.... Um ?! Right !

Oh and for the cherry on top - the coupon isn't valid on weekends... So we paid $95 + $20 tip

I mean...... Thanks but no thanks!
The only good thing about this experience was the products they used which were SPAritual - most amazing products ever!

Hope this helps
I'm a wedding photographer, and this past weekend I photographed a wedding at The Logan.  I thought I'd be a bit nostalgic for the former Four Seasons, but that couldn't be further from what happened!  I was blown away by the elegance and charm of The Logan, and completely impressed with how modern and vibrant it is.

Per usual, Eric Allen was impeccable, making sure that everything was perfect for the bride and groom.  The ballroom was gorgeous, and the entire staff on hand for the wedding was kind, efficient, and flawless.

I look forward to photographing many more weddings at this fantastic property and with the fantastic people who work with the weddings here!
I have an upcoming stay at the Logan. I called the hotel tonight with some questions about my stay, that I couldn't find on their website. My reservation was booked through a third party site. The hotel hadn't charged my credit card but the reservation was showing as "confirmed." 

The first call to the hotel, someone answered and promptly disconnected. I immediately called back. The operator quickly transferred me. I spoke to a representative named Linda.  Before I could ask my question, Linda told me "Because you booked through a third party, I will not be able to help, but go ahead and ask." This was a huge turn off. I didn't ask my question. Instead I asked a follow up question to the information she'd given me. She brushed me off and told me to call the third party because she didn't want to guarantee anything. Linda went on to tell me that I couldn't use my Hilton Rewards card because the hotel isn't paid by the third party. She left me feeling panicked. 

I did call the third party vendor and spoke with a customer service representative. He spoke with the hotel directly and provided me a Hilton confirmation number. This took about 10 minutes. I tried calling the Logan back to speak to someone but the line just kept ringing. 

Needless to say, I am concerned about my upcoming visit. Let's hope the customer service improves within the next few days. 

I will write another review once my stay is over. I'm rating the Logan one star, due to the lack of professionalism I've experienced so far.



Our stay at The Logan was nice. I was a little hesitant about the visit. I'm updating my review and changing the rating. It may have helped that I posted my concerns and voiced my concerns prior to our stay.  Or it may have been a coincidence that our visit went well.  Either way we were happy. We arrived shortly after check in. The representative who checked us in, started to tell us the room we reserved was not available but she quickly double checked the availability and gave us what we had paid for. The view was awesome! We had an amazing view of the fountain and Logan square. 

The Pros/Cons: The bed was comfy. The pillows were a little too soft for my taste but I was able to make a modification. The sink faucet did leak, when in use. It created a puddle of water on the vanity. I didn't like that the bathroom was not well ventilated. The lighting wasn't that great in the bathroom. The was an extra lamp in the room but there wasn't a place to plug it in. I'm assuming it was for decorative purposes only and not functionality.  Would have been nice to the additional lighting. 

Also, we found that there were not enough electrical outlets to plug in our devices. They didn't replenish the coffee and tea our second night. I'll assume there is some sort of possible towel and wash cloth shortage/crisis there.  We had to ask for more. There was only one wash cloth when we checked in!  



 We did have a chance to check out Assembly. The view was awesome. We were able to get in on the a busy Saturday night. I'll review Assembly at a later date. 

Overal our stay was enjoyable. I would stay again, if they offer any specials. I'm still in the process of having my Hilton rewards updated.
We stayed at the Logan for three nights during the long Thanksgiving weekend, making use of the excellent Visa Signature Credit Card deal (free breakfast, automatic upgrade if available, 25 USD dining credits).

Pros:
- The Urban Farmers restaurant is amazing. The staff is very friendly and helpful in providing suggestions (though some of the matres D' can be somewhat off-putting, especially when it is busy), and the food is amazing. We had brunch and dinner several times, and loved the waffles, pancakes, and omelets, as well as the fresh salmon entre. The restaurant combines different interior styles with a homely and warm setting. It always seemed to be busy, both at the bar and in the seating area, with hotel guests and outsiders, which is a good sign.
- The room (sixth floor) was decent: clean, everything felt fresh, ok view of the inner courtyard, and was always made up in time.
- The pool was not too big, but the salt water was nice and was at kept at a pleasantly warm temperature. Patty the supervisor was friendly. The pool has separate hours for adults, and for kids (+adults), which helpfully caters to all kinds of pool users.
- The front desk staff was friendly.

Cons:
- As other reviewers pointed out: the (valet) parking is expensive (55 USD per night), but we used SpotHero (which I can highly recommend) to find nearby cheaper parking (right next door for 33 USD per night, of 3 blocks away / 10 minutes walk for 17 USD per night - though we had a bad experience with the latter parking as the front passenger door got scratched; will link to separate review).
This property is 2.5 star at best.  The room
we had was covered in dust (headboards, dressers, lamps). The fixtures in the bathroom were falling apart. The staff never answered the phone and were not willing to provide any basic level
of customer service.  Nor did the staff or management care at all about the state of the room.  The bar and lounge area were dirty (wet chairs, crumbs in the sofa and chairs) and tables/areas were not cleaned as guests left.  The elevators did not work well.  There are only top
sheets on the beds (no duvet comforters even in winter, as apparently those are a special request?)  This property is a dump with terrible customer service.  Further, it really looks like and feels like they did the cheapest renovation with the cheapest materials to get the hotel open and running.  

Stay at the Ritz.
Came in late last night, staying one day in philly. The night staff didn't seem very helpful, or maybe we were just tired. Asked for a rollaway bed and was told they are a fire hazard and not allowed...WTF?? So
I guess this is the only city that deems it so?

Rooms are very nice and clean, and a good size. The beds seem smaller than the queen we have at home. The bed seemed extra small since there were no rollaways, one of the kids slept with us...
I love this hotel. I have stayed at several in the Center City area and this is my favorite. I really like the upscale feel of the Hilton Curio Collection hotels.  The bed is so comfortable and plush.  I also love being able to go to Urban Farmer down off of the lobby to get a night cap or grab some dinner at the bar. I travel for work fairly often to Philly and this is definitely my go to hotel.
It just so happened that the Logan had a fire the day of my wedding, and despite all the panic and 80 guests that had to be placed in other hotels I thought they did a good job.  Kate Blunt my sales coordinator did a terrific job handling everyone and was very professional.  My wedding was at another venue in the city that evening; however, looking back and being on the parkway with all my closest friends/ family in our robes drinking coffee for a few hours was a memory I will never forget.  The staff at the Logan treated me and my husband wonderful and the property is still one of my favorites in the city.
The Logan hosted a franchising event that I attended, so I got a room at the hotel.
This used to be the Four Seasons hotel before. The room was big and nice, they have a nice gym at the basement level, the business section for the event was organized and professional, and the staff was accommodating. Over all a very good stay
Today is supposed to be a stress-free day as it is my brother's wedding. I am with my future sister-in-law and the other bridesmaids getting our hair and makeup done in this beautiful suite. We were abruptly told that we need to vacate the space as it is not our room! As we are sitting getting beautified we have to stop everything and move because they made a mistake. They left the adjoining doors open between the bedroom and the rest of the suite so when we checked in, it was assumed it was our entire suite. That's a no. We had to fight to get compensated. This is not what any bride needs on her big day. We were told that we could have a bellhop to help us move our stuff. A bellhop?! As in a man we tip to help us move? That we would have had to use anyway?! Ridiculous. There were also a number of issues that occurred that they claim they didn't know of. As in the door to our room was left ajar- with our passports and jewelry on display for any passerby to snatch. Also, the bride called down for her dress to be brought up. An hour later and no dress, the bride called again and they said they didn't get the first request. Another lack of communication. I understand it was a mistake, but we should not have been made to feel that it was our fault. It was not handled properly or professionally. Just added stress on a day that was not warranted.
Everyone is nice, everything looks high class, everything is expensive! Lobby is definitely really nice with I believe a restaurant in it. Has many different conference rooms and halls that are great for throwing parties or having corporate events. Valet is $55 a day if you are a guest there. There are no stairs for you to walk from lobby to 2nd floor or any floor, so you must use the elevators! But this spot is worth your money. In the heart of City Center, where everything is for tourists, walking distance to food spots, walking to pretty much anywhere. I would recommend this place, if you, however, have money.
Can't say enough nice things about The Logan. I'm not the boutique hotel type of guy and I was a little worried when my Hilton Honors agent suggested it. Those worried were quickly dismissed at the door when the valet helped me get me out of my car and while assisting me to the front desk took great pride in explaining the hotel amenities.   The check in process was quick and when the desk associate realized that my address didn't match the address of the assigned HH number she verified my information and corrected the error. I was impressed how quickly she made the correction, done before I could pull my HH card from wallet. 

Room was a large double/double with very comfortable bed with lots of pillows and furnishings large brand new flat screen TV. Bathroom was also large with full size tub/shower with great water pressure and temp. 

Kureg coffee pot, fridge, in room safe, plush robes and a sign on closet door that stated a key to lock it is available at concierge. 

Two line cordless phone was too difficult for me to use properly when I tried to dial room service. After a few moments of trying the second line rang. It was room service calling me asking if I was trying to contact them. 
That's customer service. 

Room service was great. Its menu is an abbreviated version of the Urban Farmer in the lobby. My steak arrived cooked perfectly medium and temp. Of note was the side of creamed spinach which instead of the usual gloopy white mess was mostly spinach with a slight glaze of cream. 

Something that impressed me was the elevator service. I was told the hotel was full and attendance at the lobby bar verified that. The thing with the elevator is that there was always one there. Press the button and instantly I heard the chime and a door would open to whisk me to my floor. How did the building know I needed an elevator? LOL. 

Breakfast at the Urban Farmer was tasty and served quickly. I had eggs Benedict. I was surround by people having business meetings and I was impressed how well the staff were able to get their orders and serve without disturbing the flow of the meeting.  

Check out was quick and the valet returned my car quickly. Something that made me smile was while waiting for my car the morning door man waived and yelled good morning and wished a great day to everyone passing on the side walk. 

Oh one more silly comment. I could not find the hotel. I drove around it and finally called them the women who answered the phone gave me very explicit directions and then offered to stay on the phone until I pulled into their drive way. I was sitting about 50 feet from their entrance when I made that call.
The Logan was an upscale hotel in the center of Philly. Walking distance to the Liberty Bell (25min walk). Free parking is basically non existent however the in house valet parking ($55 a night) though expensive its worth it if you plan to drive around and return. If you plan to leave the car in the lot and not take it out throughout the day then find a garage nearby cheaper.
The pool was amazing except for no changing locker rooms for a rinse off (salt water pool)... supposedly thats just for spa guests. I had to dry off as best as I could and head upstairs wet and cold. It just 2 bathrooms available for the guests using the pool. 
All the staff was amazingly nice and the rooms were nice too!
There are refrigerators in the room... we definitely used it to store food because the food in the area is pricey.
Coffee maker in the room was amazing and each day they gave us new water bottles, coffee/tea refills.  
I recommend this hotel if your looking for a comfortable stay.
My partner has a severe allergy to down feathers.  When the room was booked a feather free room was requested.  At check in, an upgraded was offered and accepted.  I specifically asked that the new room be turned while we were gone for dinner.

Returning several hours later, checked and determined that there were down pillows on the bed.  Called the front desk, they confirmed the feather-free request, apologized, and said housekeeping would be up.  45 mins later I called to ascertain if they were planning to come.  10 mins later housekeeping arrives with two pillows.  

We explain that any contact between the down pillows, sheets and comforter require changing.  His response was "why"? The circumstance and ramifications were explained, and the bed was appropriately turned.

I spoke again with the front desk, and raised the concern that if we hadn't been in the room and just two pillows had been substituted the results could have been problematic.  While apologetic, she said that a room had been set aside that was feather free, but I had taken an upgrade.  

As I had specifically asked at check in if the upgraded room could be de-feathered and it wasn't, is a fail as far as I am concern.  I didn't waive our severe allergies protections for a $25.00 upgrade.
My partner and I stayed here for 2 nights this weekend, and I have to say it was such an awesome experience! The hotel is in the middle of the Art district, which is a little bit of a walk from the center of Philly but it wasn't too bad at all, maybe 10-15 mins. If you like museums this is the perfect place for you.

The hotel is absolutely beautifully decorated. We checked in at 2.30 with our digital key - no waiting in line! Our room was spacious, modern and the bathroom was very clean and was also very modern. The bar downstairs is great, it has a nice cosy fireplace and is perfect for evening drinks. The staff are so lovely - we had a great waitress and the bartender makes stellar cocktails. They also have philly cheesesteak spring rolls which we ate at least 4 times during our stay, they were delicious! They also have a small library room which has a pool table and TV - we were lucky enough to get this space to ourselves a few times.

The staff are so friendly, and as a Honors member they gave us $15 vouchers to use for breakfast or at the bar or spa. We used them for breakfast at Urban Farmer, which is a really cool restaurant attached to the hotel. The food and the service was great, and because of the vouchers we didn't have to pay much at all - definitely worth it.

Overall we had a great stay and I highly recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to stay in Downtown Philly!
These days I love to travel and get to know my country in an intimate way. For me this means going to every state and getting a feel for the people, architecture, food, landscape, and history. I enjoy staying at some of the best hotels in the process. The Logan is a pretty nice hotel. There is a contrast between what you see in the public areas and what you get in the private rooms. The room we stayed in had lamps with missing lightbulbs and a scratched up sofa. There was no bath tub. And overall the room including a living room suite area was just ok. However, the amenities were upgraded. I wish the rooms for the guests were as nice as the bars and restaurants for the people stopping in to eat and drink.

My family and I got a very unsettling vibe from the bartender here and some of the staff. Maybe it's a Philadelphia thing. Send me a message if you have ever encountered this vibe here. My husband, my parents, and our kids stayed here and can say we won't return. I really just like to feel welcomed when spending over $200 a night on a hotel. 

I loved the rooftop bar! It had a great view of the city and a beautiful layout. If you come to this hotel to drink know that the drinks will be about $15-$20 per drink.  Also you can skip the $58 dollar valet parking and park across the street for a better deal.  Can't wait to return to Philly this summer and find a real luxury hotel. I noticed they have a Sofitel
This had previously been a Four Seasons property and the location is great. I had a nice view from my room albeit on the 2nd floor. The rooftop bar has great city vistas,  a nice bourbon/scotch selection, and outdoor patio seating with gas fire pits.  The standard rooms are larger than normal hotel rooms, as is the bathroom. The Urban Farmer, which is the in-house restaurant, has nice selections and surprisingly good food. Valet or self-park options are available on property and they have an off-street driveway which is incredibly convenient. I'd definitely come back when On business travel in Philly.
I've been on a hotel tour of Philly, trying to find the perfect business hotel. I'm preferential to The Hilton brand because of status. While the Logan is beautiful, it lacks in customer service. 

Let me cover the good--the lobby is beautiful. It features a beautiful bar and tasteful art. The hotel features a lobby bar, an overpriced steakhouse and a rooftop bar. The rooms are a nice size and the beds are posh! An added bonus are the products in the bathroom. 

Now the downside...I was charged for parking even though I didn't have a car. I called back later in the day to have it fixed and the woman hung up on me. When I called back again, she acted like she had picked up the phone from a hold. She didn't acknowledge what she had done and when I mentioned it she said it wasn't her fault. A few minutes later I received another receipt showing that they were still charging me the same amount. I called a third time only to have a guy tell me I couldn't read the receipt. My next call will be to Hilton international. 

Moral of the review--pretty place to stay. Get a printed receipt before you leave.
Just went to a work event at the Logan. The staff were amazing.  Everyone was so nice, helpful and went out of their way to be helpful. The event was on the rooftop and the view was spectacular.
This is a beautiful hotel. I am in its restaurant, the Farmer's Market. So far, the food is amazing. I just had a "shooter" soup sample. Sooo good! Cornbread. Really good. The atmosphere is good. The music (recorded) is good. The room is spacious and well-decorated. This is a good place.
First time there, won't be the last.  One of the best Curio by Hilton hotels I have stayed in. Pricey but it delivers in effortless and competent service.  Would come back again and again, the Kimpton(s) have lost us.
We were really excited to stay at this hotel but we're extremely disappointed. The lobby area, spa area and the hallways looked very nice so that was good! The room? Not so much. I went to put food in the fridge and it smelled terrible as someone's molded sandwich had gone bad in there. Which told us that they hadn't even checked the fridge at all in the past few stays (called the lobby about this). Someone also left their makeup on the windowsill which, honestly, wasn't hard to see so maintenance isn't even trying at this point. After swimming, we went to get ready for the evening and the blow dryer didn't work at all - on top of the mold all over the shower curtain. We left, came back late that night, unsurprisingly, the bedside lamp doesn't work. Figuring nothing else could go wrong, we went to take it down. There was disgusting black stuff on the sheets (see photos). We immediately called the main lobby again to explain and it took AN HOUR for someone to come (after having to call for an updated ETA - mind you it's like 130AM at this point). They finally arrive and say "here" and hand us the sheets to change ourselves. What?!?!?!? The best part is at checkout we explained what we went through to a receptionist, and the manager (standing right there at the next computer, Laura? Lauren?) made a strong effort to pretend like she didn't hear or wasn't listening. Yeah, she took another costumer real stinking quick! Why 2 stars you ask? Those are specifically for the pretty common areas. Everything else really sucked.
I can't say enough about how wonderful the Logan Philadelphia is... 
Location: Logan Circle, close to all tourist attractions and easily walkable to the convention center where I had a conference.

Basics: The hotel is gorgeous , with a beautiful, open lobby, plenty of space to work, with bar, coffee shop and on site restaurant, Urban Farmer.  All staff were super responsive and just delightful!

Room: The room was spacious with a luscious king bed , wide windows with a view of the central city. The bathroom is high end (love the glass subway tile and rain shower head) with ROAM bath products. 

Dining: Lobby bar has tasty classic cocktails, coffee shop breakfast treats and great coffee, lunch at Urban Farmer included maple bacon deviled eggs, appetizing grilled chicken sandwich with bacon, avocado and aioli on a crispy brioche bun.
Room service prompt with food from the restaurant. 

Verdict: Won't stay anywhere else in Philly now!
I came to this bar anticipating to have a quick drink with my friends before going to their rooftop  the bartender who's name I unfortunately did not catch but can be described as bald and medium to larger build was very rude to my group of friends  when we asked for drinks he did not know how to make he "suggested we go across the street" to a less well known bar  he was not friendly and did not make us feel invited to the bar and in fact made us feel we should not be there  I hope in the future your staff is better instructed in how to interact with customers as this was an off putting and offense experience  thank you
This isn't written out of anger or annoyance. Just objective observations for a hotel that I had high hopes for. We stayed in room 563...maybe it's a one off and not indicative of their overall cleanliness and standards. 

Pros: (1) friendly, high quality staff that greets with smiles and a pretty fast check in, (2) beautiful views from many parts of the hotel, (3) responsive guest service whether house keeping or restaurant, (4) beautiful lounge area and restaurant, (5) spa was open, even during COVID, with proper precautions taken, (6) very speedy valet, impressive with the number of guests they had, and (7) pretty good food and beer selection from the restaurant. The view and perfect location deserve to be highlighted. A few google searches will yield results of what you're in for, but it's something else to see in person. One of the best views possible, and even better if you go upstairs to the restaurant to watch the sun set over Ben Franklin Parkway. 

Cons: (1) TV in our room needed two remotes to work and was so slow...why not just get the internet-based TVs like every other hotel these days...moderate capital investment for a huge return? (2) seemingly moldy sheets that were quickly replaced by housekeeping, but how is this even possible?, (3) second bedroom fold down bed left a lot to be desired, clearly wasn't new, could feel the springs, supporting legs looked almost broken or at the wrong angle, (4) the couch was sort of damp and clearly worn with pelting...again, a small investment in a new couch would make all the difference, (5) I think our room was one floor below some sort of service room, because a door would slam at all hours of the night on both Friday and Saturday night, well into 2/3/4am, not helpful when you have two young kids, (6) we called ahead to ask if the "kids bunk bed room" would be available, to which we were told yes, and when we showed up we were told that room has not been in service since the start of COVID...we were told it would take "two days" to get it ready and wasn't possible for check-in, (7) no slippers in the room...these cost maybe $1 a pair...such a basic amenity, (8) no extra sheets or pillows in the room, even for the second bedroom, management will argue COVID cleanliness/liability, I would offer they can be easily sealed in bags like many other hotels, not something you want to have to call and ask for at night, (9) HVAC in our room was musty and dusty, clearly hasn't been cleaned properly in a long time, my whole family woke up stuffy and sick, and (10) just not at all worth the price paid when compared to hotels within walking distance.
This is a luxury hotel at a reasonable price, right now anyway! Former Four Seasons property. I liked the Urban Farmer restaurant and lobby bar. Walking distance to the best museums (Barnes, Rodin, Philadelphia Art, and others).
Great location, modern hotel. friendly and welcoming staff. Clean and big room. Rooms are quite. Perfect for tourists or business trips
This is a really nice hotel with an abundance of art work sprinkled in various locations around the hotel. I have nothing negative to say about my stay at this hotel. However, I would suggest that they add some activities to do during ones stay there. Like a karaoke night in the lobby or a dance session in the pool on a given night. It would definitely add another element to ones stay there.

I have to say that I was impressed with the front desk man/concierge Mark. He made my stay the absolute best. He was knowledgeable about things to do in the area, down to earth, kind and always ready to help. He is a real asset to this fine establishment and his customer service is nothing less than stellar.

Another thing I wish to highlight is the pool room. It is a very relaxing area of the hotel which also has a few great books and a quite scenery for reading. Not to mention, at night you can go out the back entrance of the pool room and listen to the water gentle move and stare at the stars. Magnificent setting.

Make sure to treat Mark good if you stop here. He's the best.
I'm only giving one star because at least the night staff during check in was nice. The hotel itself is lovely and the location is great. I stayed there Saturday into Sunday. Exhausted from work I went to bed.
Woke up a few hours later with a full blown allergy attack. I noticed the bed, blankets and pillow was
Made of down feathers. Which of course I'm extremely allergic to. By that point my eyes puffy and my skin covered in hives I went down to look for someone to speak to. Couldn't locate anyone. So I went back to my room. Removed my belongings from the bed and proceeded to use the shower as a steam room. When I checked out. Still visually having a full blown attack. The staff was extremely rude and uncaring. They said I should have requested a non down bedding? No where on the room listening or site did it mention there it was. The last time I experienced this was in Paris: and they fixed it right away. I have stayed at Hilton's all around the world. I have never been treated this way. I spent the rest of Sunday and most of Monday in the er with trouble breathing. I let Priceline know which then contacted the hotel. But they refused to refund anything. I normally don't post bad reviews. But people need to know about this place. They will steal your money through parking, then if you have any kind of issue they will treat you with complete disrespect. Like I said I travel for a living. And have never been treated with such callous disrespect in my life.
Great hotel. Well done, modern, but old school hotel service with sharp young staff. Can I tell anyone how irritating it is to go to the hip hotels like Aloft?  So cool and casual that they forget you are a customer. Not so at hotels like a The Logan.  All smiles with a 'yes sir', a 'how are you?', a 'welcome back to The Logan'. 
Shouldn't be that hard to take care of customers. The young woman at the front desk that checked me in was so polite, all smiles and all business. The gentleman at the downstairs bar ( red/blonde hair, beard, glasses, tat on right arm) was the same. So polite and so on point. (Late Monday night - March 11)
I travel here for work from Denver. I'd prefer to be home. The folks at The Logan definitely make it easier.
If you want to sum it up in one sentence, it's just not worth it.

Pool was closed for 'mechanical reasons", and it was the only reason I chose this hotel in the first place. 

Room was standard but I could've gotten a better experience going to a 2 star hotel. Nothing was dusted in the room, btw and there was nothing premium about any of the room features. No bath robes, no slippers, just a security safe and a chair. Again, super standard.

Lastly, the hotel employees treated me like a second class citizen. Not sure if it's because I look younger for my age and dress pretty casually or if it had something to do with being an Asian woman. Probably both. I know this is standard protocol, but the way one of the employees asked for proof of my credit card really rubbed me the wrong way.

Bottom line. You are better off staying at the Sofitel if you want luxury service. I usually stay at Sofitel's for work trips and should have just stuck to what I know.
