We generally enjoyed our stay at the Windsor Suites - it was in a convenient location (steps away from where Made In America) was taking place and definitely a spacious room with great amenities. Most of the staff, was incredibly nice and helpful, except for the staff working the first night, who were anything but accommodating. 

We got in late after and after our drive in and check in, we were starving and got to work prepping some food to make, so by the time we got to turning down for bedtime, it was late. When I pulled the covers down, I was shocked with the amount of stains. We called downstairs to request some new clean bedsheets to be sent up and were told they would be sent up shortly. A half hour goes by, and nothing, so we call again, same deal, front desk said they will send someone up shortly. We wait for another half hour before my friend goes to the front desk to find out what's up. She learns there's only about 4 people on staff at the moment and no one from custodial/keeping is on staff. So what were we supposed to do with that? Sleep in dirty sheets? By this time it's after 1 am in the morning. We're exhausted. We just want to go to sleep but who is going to sleep in dirty sheets? My friend finally gets someone on staff to bring us up some new sheets, and guess what, they bring up a mattress pad. They also granted us permission to have late checkout on the day we were leaving which we had put in a request for anyway. We laugh, strip the dirty sheets off and cozy ourselves under a mattress pad because at least it was clean. We put in a request with housekeeping the next morning to have new, actual sheets brought up, and once those weren't brought up we quit trying and just dealt with the mattress pad. Housekeeping just made the bed with the mattress pad. 

But other than that whole debacle, we did really like our room, our balcony view and we even got to enjoy the pool for a smidge.
My husband and I was recommended to stay at the hotel. Making a reservation with Windsor Suits was very pleasant. They are very accommodating and helped us find the best possible discounts. I had originally got the AAA rate but later learned the 1 day Phillis parking pass was the best way to go. Let me start out by saying you definitely want this parking pass because there is No I mean absolutely NO street parking. I know this so well because I received a parking violation. 

Anyway. We stayed two nights. There are two entrances into the hotel one which is the main entrance and the other which is connect to the parking garage. 

When you walk in you are greeted by the concierge every single one of them was very nice. We checked in which was less then 90 min and it was the best customer service we received. Make sure they put the sticker on the back of your parking pass and don't lose it. 

What I love about the decor is that there are quotes from Benjamin Franklin everywhere. Our room was on the twelfth floor. Not much of a view but I like being on the top floor. Anyway let's get down to business. When we walked in the room it looked just like the website ( no false advertisement here). Very clean, and smelled amazing. It had a full kitchen, a mini dining area,  Full length mirror, one coat closet and the other was a walk in closets. 

The reasons why I'm taking a star away is because our bathroom door was unable to close not that it mattered to me anyway. It's was just my husband and I in a room. There is also no ventilation system going on in the bathroom at all, and the water pressure from the sink was just ridiculously low. However, the shower water pressure was great. My last complaint is that behind the night stand there was trash. It looked like house keeping never got around to picking up someone else trash before we checked in. But nothing cra

This hotel is located in a good place walking distance to everything. Some of the places we took UBER because of the down poor of rain. 
Oh I almost forgot they have complimentary umbrellas they keep by the door that you can borrow. How amazing is that. 

There are two restaurants that are attached to the hotel. A pub which serves pretty good food and they also deliver right up to your room and an Asian restaurant ( we didn't eat there ). 

The checkout process was just to easy. They send you an email early that morning and you just hit check out type in you room number and your receipt is emailed to you within seconds. 

Bottom line is that I highly recommend this hotel and will definitely be staying here again.
Excellent service and the suite was very clean. The suites here are huge! They even offer a huge walk in closet. I travel a lot and have stay in many hotels but the Windsor Suites has one of the biggest closets I've come across at a hotel (at least in the room I had).
What a horrible stay. I've never felt so disrespected and surrounded by incompetent people in my whole life. And we only stayed 1 night...

My sister had stayed here once before and really enjoyed her stay so we decided that for the price we couldn't really pass it up. 4 people, 1 room, with parking, $200? Not bad. 

So the night before our trip my fiancé received an email allowing us to schedule our own check-in time, so we picked noon. 

We arrived in Philadelphia at 11:30 and tried to drive straight to our hotel. We tried multiple roads and realized all the blocked. Frustrated after trying to get to the hotel for half an hour I decided to call and ask for assistance. This is where things get interesting. We were told that since the construction was occurring if we wanted to check in we would have to "figure it out ourselves" and to "find alternate parking." That didn't sit well with me. We were already paying almost $40 for overnight parking, they shouldn't have disregarded us so easily like that. I was also told check-in was at 3pm regardless of what the email said. Not a great first impression. 

An hour or so later my fiancé received an email from Aja, an associate at The Windsor mentioned that they were trying to put a hold on his account but he recently had to get a new card so he emailed her the new number but we never received an email back confirming she got it. So half an hour later I asked him to call and see if she had gotten it, which she said she hadn't.  This was impossible but he once again gave her the number over the phone and we went on our way. 

A few hours later we arrived at the hotel. As we walk in to check-in the 2 front desk men gave us an unnerving look. Odd. My fiancé proceeded to check us in and the guy goes "we were just about to cancel your reservation." Um excuse me? What do you mean you were about to cancel our reservation? The card was once again declined because Aja, the baffoon, never updated the number! Not for nothing, maybe you should be checking that your coworker finish her job before you get nasty with people who are paying to stay there. 

The room was nice but I didn't like that there wasn't enough towels considering there were 4 people staying in the room. 

Now onto the horrid valet parking. Saturday night we had a dinner reservation for 8:45 that was 7 minutes away from the hotel. We arrived in the parking garage at 8:15 and asked for our car. It took 25 minutes for someone to bring our car around. Ridiculous. The next morning we called for our car and when we went downstairs the guys were still sitting around in the booth and no one had bothered to get the car. Save your $40 and find parking elsewhere. 

The room was nice but every associate other than housekeeping was very rude. 

Now here's the fun part, my fiancé got charged 3 separate prices and the hold on his account took 5 days to clear. Alan who works in the financial department was incompetent and I do believe Aja and the other rude front desk man made charges on our account because I called her out for being a moron. 

Never ever ever stay here. Everyone sucks, they're overpriced, and they'll charge you multiple times because they're idiots.
I generally only feel compelled to review places that are exceptional or exceptionally bad. The fact that my experience here belongs in the exceptionally bad category is one reason why I write this, and the other is out of shear disappointment at the people who positively reviewed this property and made me feel comfortable selecting it.

Below are my reasons for the poor rating and for my unequivocal suggestion to you the reader, to look elsewhere. 

1. Our room smelled so badly of of past cigarette smoke we had to wash unworn clothes when we got home.

2. The floor throughout the entire suite was stained in more places than I felt like cataloging for this review - and covered with debris I had to pick up so my my infant daughter wouldn't put in her mouth. Attached is a picture of a sanitizing wipe (thank god I had a mega pack with us) after one swipe across the bathroom floor - similar outcome in the kitchen. This is not an exaggeration or doctored picture, the floor was really that disgusting.

*Pro Tip - Should you stay here and bring a child, make sure to bring a playpen or something else to cover the floor - we used a half dozen towels.

3. The sheets on our bed looked and smell like when you neglect to move the load from washer to the dryer (but for a week). Attached is a picture of the fitted sheet with what looked to be mascara and mold spots. 

4. Pictured is the view from the pool area up at the enormous building that completely blots out the sun beginning at around 11:45 am in September. The water was literally around 60 degrees, and coupled with no sun and high wind, rendered what could have been a sole pleasantry to this god awful stay miserable.

*Pro Tip - Be vigilant, as there is an employee stationed on the deck to let you know you cannot use children's floaties, but not much else. My wife literally saved a member of a completely unmasked, six-person party's child from drowning in the pool, while the staff member "working" the pool was texting on his phone, and offered the child water post-incident.

5. The balcony is stark, unfurnished and disgustingly dirty (picture a low income, soviet-era flat dweller's balcony and you'll have an approximation of what you can expect to soak in the noise and confusion of the streets below you on).

6. There are completely exposed coaxial cables running between rooms, which are used to deliver a television experience that will whisk you back to early 90s residential cable feed (channels numbers that have hyphens in them and a guide channel with scrolling TV channel schedules).

If you've actually read this far, please believe me - I want to see the best in places, and truly only complain when something is truly awful, and this place is beyond bad. Do yourself and your family a huge favor by looking elsewhere. 

This place should be ASHAMED to charge what they do ($850 for two nights in my case). This property is nothing short of a clip joint in my opinion and I'll be reviewing it everywhere I can so others don't have to experience this.
This is from my stay in Feb 2010.
First off, as others have said, the money you save here is not worth it.

Here are the problems my family had on our only stay here:
1) a MOUSE ran across the floor of our room
2) the room was just old and dirty, there was old paint, dust, old dirty carpets, etc.
3) the heat in our room was either off or 80 degrees. The temperature knob on the heater did nothing, and we had to manually turn the heater off and on when necessary.
4) the sheets were old and the beds were uncomfortable
5) the kitchen was old
6) the kitchen had a stove but NOTHING to use to cook in (no pans, pots, or skillets at all)
7) the hallways apparently have no heat
8) I hate to know what it would be like in the summer if the AC works as well as the heat does.
9) With all of the above, the TV also had very few channels and no movies, so I couldn't us it to help forget about the crappiness of the room.

Now, I don't travel that much, and when I do don't stay at fancy hotels, so I don't expect much out of a hotel, but this place was just too much for me. I would much rather pay an extra $20-50 and stay at another nicer, newer hotel (e.g. the Residence Inn or Loews).

All in all, not worth the money or anything else to stay here. I've stayed at $100 hotels that are nicer.
Located right near pricier options like the Four Seasons, The Windsor is a hidden center city gem, especially for extended stay. The rooms are really spacious for Philadelphia and location very central to great restaurants and bars & the suites have full refrigerators, dishwashers and a kitchen. My wife and I visited and found it very easy to get to the art museum and other Philly must sees. The rate was also very affordable compared to the comps and the staff quite friendly. The only con was expensive valet - $33 a night. If you drive to philly though, I guess that's on par.

If you travel for extended work or with a group or family, this is a great spot to choose and beats other extended stays like residence inns. We will be back for sure next time we are in town!
Bri was exceptional, and went above and beyond to accommodate me during my stay! I give her 5/5 stars. 

Stayed 5 nights and the security was very rude. With a keycard in hand, the guard asked if I was staying in the building( which I did not mind, that is his job.) I replied yes, and this is where things went sour. It was pretty obvious he profiled me, pointed out to me by a friend. 
And told me I was not going to the 24th floor, and I responded that I was. Then asked how would he know if he never asked my room number. He quickly retracted his statement and apologized for "how it sounded". 

Also, dishes in washer were all dirty and no liquid around for me to wash loads, and saw a huge mouse in my room on the last night of my stay.
It was kind of awful. We stayed here during the week of Thanksgiving in 2014. 

When we walked in the doors, we noticed some renovations, so we're like okay...well I hope this will be ok. The guy checking us in was ok and speedy. When we got to our floor and checked the number...we didn't even go in as it was right outside of the elevators. Who wants to ever stay right in front of elevators?! So we headed straight back down. We asked for another room and the guy now was giving us attitude saying well we had something special set up in the room for you. They did get someone to bring it back down which was a bag filled with a few goodies and a liberty bell key chain. Really? Okay that was nice of them (Apparently my sister in law had mentioned that she recommended the place to me as my brother was staying here for 6 weeks.)

We got a new room and well it was great until the next morning when the construction on our floor started. Really? The renovations started fairly early and woke us up. The accommodations would've been great had this and the heating was in order. The floor beneath us was nice and warm. If you're renovating a floor don't have occupants on it. The room was very large and lots of closet space. It's pretty much a large studio. The elevators were so slow! Gosh. We had to basically add a 10-15 minute buffer whenever we planned trips out that had a timeline.

Plus: The hotel was located fairly closely to all Philadelphia attractions and convenient to a lot of public transportation. There is free wifi so can't really ding them on that.

Minus: We were so cold during two nights of the stay since the heater was not blowing hot air. We complained to the staff and they said the heater only turns on if the temperature outside is less than 50. The renovations had a shaft blowing in cold air.

Our three nights here would've been great, but instead was the worst nights we stayed in our trip to Philadelphia and also for the price (which was on the top end of what I'm willing to spend) I was expecting much more.
I appreciate the clean sheets and the warm bed but I do not appreciate the fact that the bed flips up if you sit on the end. I appreciate the plentiful hot water in the shower but I'm not a fan of the lack of amenities, empty soap bottles or dirty eyes dirty appearance of the bathroom. I appreciate the beautiful balcony, the views of the city and the furniture and the furniture but I do not appreciate all all of the dog hair on the floor of the room that was clearly not cleaned up after the last occupant.  I appreciate the fact that you have a vending machine that takes credit card and not cash, but I would prefer one that was actually stocked with products and not fully sold out rendering it thus useless.  I appreciate the powerful heater that kept us warm through a chilly Winter's nights but I do not appreciate the fact I could hear our neighbors partying until 2:00 in the morning through paper thin walls.  I love the low rates but next time could I please have more than 2 towels in the bathroom.

I love the fact that we are walking distance to everything thato everything that downtown Philadelphia has to offer. I love the pricing and availability of the rooms. I love the fact that it is a dog friendly hotel. 

And I appreciate the friendly staff and front desk folks that checked us in just after midnight.
I have no idea why this place doesn't have better reviews. I loved it! The price was super affordable and it's in a great location. I got a full king studio suite and was upgraded for free to a room with a balcony during check in. My room had an awesome view of everything on Ben Franklin parkway. The hotel staff was very friendly and professional. I forgot to bring toothpaste so they had someone bring some up to my room for me. Room service did a great job every morning and even replaced the shampoo conditioner bottles for me even though I did not finish the previous bottles.

There are two restaurants downstairs that are open late. Con Murphy's and asia on the parkway. I tried both of them during my stay and thoroughly enjoyed each one. Don't forget to use your room card because hotel guests get a discount. 

The location was perfect for me to get around everywhere. Just a block away from suburban station and there are many bus stops around the area. Two taxi lines always available around the corner. It's right next to restaurant row so you have a huge variety of places to eat within walking distance. The museums are also right up the street. 

The room itself was quite impressive. I had a full kitchen with stove, microwave, refrigerator, dish washer, keurig coffee maker.. Couldn't have asked for more. There was also a full walk in closet with hangers. Sleeping area had a VERY comfortable king sized bed, small dining table, office desk and tv. 

I will definitely be staying here again during my next trip to Philly!
Horrible experience, never returning. We found bedbugs and management refused to reimburse our stay and denied that any existed. Front desk staff was rude and unresponsive to our complaints
I've stayed here a couple of times over the last few years.  The rooms are all suites which is nice.  They are dated though.  The hotel is located in a great location.  Close to Olde Town, Franklin Institue, the art museum and so on.  There are great places to eat nearby.

The prices for the rooms were more than fair, but parking was quite expensive.  It's a set price for guests, but in my opinion high.  I remember it being $25 a day, but one of the pictures shows it is up to $29.

The pool was refreshing in the summer and has a great view of the city as it is on the roof.
I am currently staying here for business, and this hotel is where they have housed us. At this moment, the sounds of drills and hammering are surrounding me from every angle. There's major construction happening a few floors above me but apparently the sound is echoed throughout the building. It is SOOOOO loud that it has given me a serious headache. What's really upsetting is that the most they have done for us is give us some cheap earplugs! Come on Windsor....this is not a way to run a business. 

The rooms need serious updating...the kitchen supplies are old and incomplete....it took me over an hour and a half to bake cookies! And they still weren't cooked! And on top of it all....i've seen a mouse twice run across my floor! If I hadn't been given this place to stay through my employer, I would definitely be choosing a different place to stay. 

Be warned. Stay away.
I hope this review posted on 2/6/11 can update some of the issues earlier posters talked about.

First I would like to say we are here in the hotel because our son, a college student at Temple University, was hospitalized and had surgery this week and we came from out of town to be here.  He is now recuperating in the room with us.

Is the hotel perfect? No.  But after all we went through this week, this place is heaven.

I picked this hotel because of its great location, price and convenience.
I flew into PHL and wanted a hotel near the rail and subway lines.

It's a $7.00 train ride on the Airport Line from PHL to Suburban Station  which is a block a way from the hotel. Suburban Station is also a hub to the local subway lines.  You can access the Broad Street Line via the concourse in Suburban Station or walk 5 minutes to City Hall and enter there.

Walgreens and Wawa are less than 5 minutes away. Two restaurants are attached to the hotel. The Windsor is located on Benjamin Franklin Parkway and the major museums of Philadelphia are minutes away. Love Park with the famous Love sculpture is almost across the street.

Our room is large, clean and nicely decorated. The full kitchen has a sink with garbage disposal,  gas stove, microwave, full size fridge, dishwasher, lots of cabinets stocked with silverware, pans, plates, glassware etc. I thought the beds were very comfortable.  We needed a rollaway bed in addition to the two double beds and it was brought right up.

An earlier poster complained about the wireless but we had no problem. I have a Mac and my son has a PC and we have had perfect service for 7 days so far.

TV worked great and had about 32 stations, but the room lacked a channel guide.

Good sized desk and plenty of outlets throughout the room. But it would be nice to have more than two outlets by the desk.

Our maids Sharon and Irena were friendly, cheerful and did everything they could to make our stay more comfortable.

The front desk staff is very nice, always pleasant and helped me with some copying I needed.

The hotel has two computers and printers in the lobby for guest use for free. It was very helpful when I needed to print some documents.

Were there problems with the room? Yes. But the staff is friendly and accommodating.  The first night there I found the heater control door was painted shut! The maintenance man was up in a jiffy with a screwdriver to pop it open. Yes the heat does not work perfectly. It's true - its either hot or not, but the room was mostly comfortable without the heat on. Apparently this is a common problem in the hotel.  Time for new thermostats Windsor? Yes the shower controls are confusing. Probably some architect's or designer's idea of cool looking plumbing, but please give me simple on-off controls anytime. Yes the water temperature was scalding one day and not so hot the next-but generally ok.  The shower head wasn't very strong and when I asked, they replaced it right away. There was a slight leak at the connection but they came back and fixed it. I had a problem with the door lock, it did take a couple of visits, but the maintenance person, a very nice lady, did some work on it and its perfect now. After I've spent 10 days here the room should be perfect for the next guest!

In conclusion there are minor annoyances in life and I try to roll with them .
If I stay one or two nights in a hotel and somethings not perfect, I rarely report it unless it is egregious. Sure, this room needed a few things fixed-perhaps past guests had ignored the problems, but the hotel won't know about the problems unless a guest reports it. Its a good lesson to me to always report a minor issue so that the problems don't keep adding up till the next guest is irate.

I totally recommend this hotel for anyone visiting Philadelphia and I will stay here again.
This place is a dump !!!! It should be closed ! No air conditioning?!?!? The room smells disgusting, like what ever someone was cooking in here has completely permeated everything in the room. I can't get the smell out of my clothing, the bed is crap and the room wasn't clean. Someone else's hairs all over the place. Customer service was trash. Stay away
I rarely write one-star reviews but I really had a bad experience here. And I have a hard time believing this sort of thing doesn't happen a lot, because from the moment I arrived at Windsor Suites, everything seemed broken. Room wasn't ready at checkin time. The thermostat seemed broken, or quirky -- tried to turn the air on after the heat, and hot air was still blowing 20 minutes later. Finally just turned the thing off. Internet didn't work, either, which is a real bummer when you're a business traveler like me. 

But the worst part was the IN-ROOM FIRE ALARM ANNOUNCEMENTS that went off intermittently from 4 a.m. and lasted for more than an hour.  From what I gathered from the front desk, they were having issues with their system and it was a false alarm. Nonetheless this alarm included disturbingly loud, in-room announcements and sirens that woke me up into a panic and didn't stop for a long time. Nobody on my floor knew what to make of it -- some of the announcements said to stick tight and await further instructions, which didn't come for quite some time  -- which makes me wonder what would happen during a real event. Never again.
I don't stay in hotels very often, but I must say my experience at The Windsor Suites was a positive one. I really loved the location of this hotel. It was walking distance to nearly everything Philly had to offer. We're pretty much in between the Philadelphia Museum of Art and the Reading Terminal. So you can walk one direction towards the Museum  and go through Ben Franklin Parkway and through the Rodin Museum and near towards Eastern State Penitentiary or towards Reading Terminal which will lead you close to the Liberty Bell and other touristy sites.

Upon arrival, we had the valet take our car. They offer a in and out service which was very convenient for us. It allowed us to take the car out at night and see some the sites and hit up Pat's Steaks. The checking in process here is a breeze. The concierge was really friendly and helpful. There were a few things I disliked about the hotel. One would have to be their elevators. They have 3 elevators but they were all so slow! My second was their bathroom. The toilet seat was loose and the sink counter and cabinet below was dirty. I had to wipe everything down with disinfectant wipes. Everything else was pretty spot on. The beds were a bit small but it was bearable. The rooftop pool was nothing luxurious but for what it is, it worked. It wasn't crowded, they had fresh towels on hand and plenty of seating. Beverages weren't allowed at the pool site. The views were pretty nice.

Verdict - I would definitely come back to Windsor Suites if I were to visit Philly again in the future. I would just suggest to the management and housekeeping to make sure the toilet seats are on tight so that they don't wobble or break loose every time you sit down. And I hope in the future, the dust and dirt that was all over the sink cabinet would be gone. The value and price you pay is definitely worth it since you're getting a suite. Kitchen is kinda small, water and coffee are complimentary but I wouldn't recommend using their coffee machine. It is filthy! We ran water through it, and the hot water it produced was utterly disgusting! The closets were plentiful spacious. Our view was okay, 10th floor view of other high rise buildings. I wish we had a view of the other side that overlooks Ben Franklin Parkway. Everything about Windsor Suites gets an A except for their cleanliness. If the room was completely spotless, huge A all the way.
The staff is so friendly and accommodating. Seamus handled an issue with our reservation booked through a third party with grace and ease, made the wait painless, upgraded our room, and gave us a stellar dinner recommendation. The room was lovely, in a great location, and our stay here was just an all-around incredible experience.
The renovated rooms here are a wonderful home base for a short stay in Philly. I'm not sure I'd stay here on an extended basis, but for a weekend getaway it was perfect. The location was great, and the price was definitely right. I cooked my own meals in the kitchen, and enjoyed the view from the 16th floor.

The Wi-Fi is free, but I found it to be spotty and finicky, and the kitchen in my suite could have had more dishes to cook with. That said, the room was huge, really clean, and well-appointed. The renovated rooms are tres cute!

I feel like I got a great deal for my money, and I will definitely stay here again if I need a room in Philadelphia. Ask at the desk to make sure you get a renovated room, and you'll be very happy here!
I am writing this review right now because I was just awoken to some drunkards who had pulled the fire alarm just now. I am here visiting family an trying to make the most of each day but have been finding it hard to sleep with the all the noise. The concierge desk lied right to my face saying someone was cooking when I could hear them outside our room laughing at their prank. The con murphy's food was mediocore at best. I would not suggest this hotel for any other reason unless you like going out and staying up late. It just takes one bad group of people to ruin the whole experience because of how thin the walls are you can hear most everything. Ice machines are not all functional. It has not just been tonight we have been dealing with our next door neighbors since having arrived. The only positive thing i can say is that the location of the hotel is convenient for getting to all the tourist destinations but then again there other hotels in the area. Hmmm Please trust me on this don't book this hotel. I can go through lists of complaints. Elevators are way to small and slow to accommodate the traffic. Concierge services is practically invisible and impolite. Nearly slipped bc floors in washer dryer room had not been cleaned so there was detergent on the floor. They try to trick you by saying complimentary free wi-fi but then when we got to the hotel they had alittle sign and in small print said "limit 2mb" under free wi-fi and they charge by data usage not daily use. We had booked a suite ad had made arrangements for roll in beds but when we got to our room it was way too small and they made us pay to move to another suite. There were also BED BUGs in my bed sheets. Philadelphia was wonderful, this hotel is NOT!
I stayed at The Windsor Suites this past weekend while celebrating my birthday with friends in the area. While my overall stay was enjoyable, sadly it ended in tragedy. To make a long story short, WE WERE CHARGED 3 SEPARATE TIMES FOR A TOTAL OF $1118.61....We only stayed for one damn night!  

After 14 calls made to The Windsor Suites describing the mishap not one call has been returned in an attempt to resolve the issue from their "accounts department" we were only offered "I don't know what else to tell you" and " It's out of my hands" 

If you choose to stay at The Windsor Suites my advice to you is to book using a prepaid card with only the amount due available or use cash during checkout if possible.
Absolutely terrible property management. No guarantee that the air conditioning will be on so definitely don't book now/summer. Gives poor excuses as to why they can't turn on the air conditioning if not that then zero response from property management Tim Nolan. If you are a hotel guest you will be HOT. Especially in a building like this where heat rises. All they will do is tell you to turn off the system entirely. Which leaves no room for any type of air circulation and opening a window will make it hotter. If you are looking for a getaway or to relax do not book. No way you will be comfortable when it's 75+ degrees with no escape. Save yourselves and your money
From check in to check out, my stay was wonderful. The two girls who checked me in on Thursday afternoon were really sweet and made sure I knew of all be available amenities. The bell hop was also readily available which I appreciated. 

I booked this hotel for a group for work using Hotels.com (it was cheaper than booking directly through the hotel). The rooms were very large and the bathrooms were extremely clean. LOVED their shampoo and conditioner they provided and they also left plenty of towels. The waters in the kitchenette were a nice touch. 

I would certainly recommend the Windsor Suites if you are looking to stay in the city. It is centrally located and the parking garage connected to the hotel makes for total convenience all around.
DISRUPTIVE CONSTRUCTION AS OF MARCH 2015 AND TERRIBLE SERVICE. DO NOT BOOK IF YOU WANT TO SLEEP.

As of March 2015, this hotel is undergoing construction and they are selling rooms that are affected by the noise. I noticed the obvious construction in the lobby when I checked in, but I didn't care about the appearance. I *DID* care when I was woken up at 7:30 by an obnoxious, jackhammering noise. I called the front desk and was told that "nothing could be done about the construction" and that there were no available quieter rooms.

I recorded the noise with my phone: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0m9D1Y1J6Q 

The hotel refused to refund my money, even though the room they provided me was intolerable and they couldn't move me to a tolerable room. They did offer me a free breakfast, a whopping $9.95 value, rather than acknowledging that I had paid for a place to sleep and they had not given me one.

In addition, when I went to check out, the construction workers were blocking two of the three elevators at exactly 11 a.m. Even the vaguest notion of customer service would suggest taking a construction break at checkout time. Instead, there were people stuck on the elevators who could not get out in the lobby and had to return upstairs, switch to a different elevator, and go back down to the lobby. And the staff was laughing about it. Meanwhile, the people waiting in line in the lobby were covered in plaster dust. RIDICULOUS.

Also,  the air unit only worked on "heat" and not "cool." I see this is a problem that other reviewers have had, so I guess the hotel just doesn't care. The water in the hotel does not get hot. At best, it reaches "slightly warmer than tepid."

I stay in Philadelphia every two months and this was far and away the worst experience I have ever had there. Nightmarish. Will never return.
I loveeeed this hotel. Our suite was so spacious and beautiful. Everything in the room was in pristine condition. The hotel staff were very sweet and had suggestions as to where to have dinner. Parking is an additional charge that the hotel unfortunately doesn't have control over but we did not have an issue. The balconies are great especially during sunset.
Marie, the manager on duty this AM was extremely rude to me and my mother. I understand the rule of not giving us an extra room key, that's fine, but as a paying customer for the last 5 years, I have never been talked to in such a rude manner, she rolled her eyes and neck over a simple question. I was appalled! I hope someone in management has a talk with her about CUSTOMER SERVICE!! 2/9/19 Room 607
Stayed here on Valentine's Day and it was great!! All rooms are suites complete with full kitchens and beautiful bathrooms. I booked a studio king and was pleasantly pleased at the design and layout of the room.  The kitchen is a real kitchen...not a kitchenette.  So if you prefer a home cooked meal you can prepare it yourself.  The hotel itself is very modern, rooms gorgeous and location is perfect to museums, shopping and other attractions. The restaurant downstairs offers breakfast for $10.95 for hotel guests which is great if you decide not to cook in your room and wait...FREE WIFI!!!

 My only gripe is the cost to park...$42 per day is ridiculous to charge for a hotel guest.  I found parking on the side street next to the hotel for FREE!  Also a bonus for me..there is a great nail salon next door (City Nails) who gave me a great pedicure for $20.00!!

I plan to go back when the weather gets a little warmer so I can experience the area on foot.
So I basically called Windsor Suites home for a few weeks while my mom was in the hospital. It was an ok experience. Just ok. 

Overall: It could have been much worse. Please fix valet parking and the lack of a vending machine. This place is a hotel, extended stay, AND an apartment building. Is a vending machine with soda and chips too much to ask for?! If you can afford fancy iMacs for guests I'm pretty sure you can afford a vending machine! I can't tell you how many times I got back from the hospital late at night (early morning) and all I wanted was a ginger ale. I'm sorry but as a young woman I don't want to go around the block to wawa at 3am.

Cons:
- Lack of vending machine situation. See above. 
- Valet parking. Where do I start? They seriously dented our car. They left our windows open (in December!) and oddly changed the passenger seat settings drastically the same night as the scratches (hmmm!) Not to mention we didn't learn until after five days or so that the valet parking is coordinated with the front desk for hotel guests. As a result we were double charged by the valet company and the hotel. Not ok.
- Plumbing is in need of major help. Showers are super loud. I understand it's an old building but this is wake you up at 6am loud. There were several occasions I thought the toilet flushing was about to sweep me away. No joke once I finally got home the first time I flushed the toilet I quickly hopped away as I was used to abnormally loud flush at Windsor. 
- Kitchens aren't necessarily what they advertise or like what they show on yelp. My "kitchen" didn't look like the pictures whatsoever. No stainless steel appliances or updated cabinets for me! Would have been nice having one of their updated kitchens since I was a guest for so long. Instead I was terrified to even touch the ancient plugin stovetop. 
- No room service or in house restaurant. Sure, there's the attached Con Murphy's but as I learned that's hit or miss. Nor is it the same as room service if you're in a hurry. 
- Slowest elevators in the United States without a doubt. 

Pros:
- Location is great. Near plenty of stores and restaurants that don't all close on the weekends like other city centers.
- The housekeeping staff was awesome. My favorite part of my stay by far. I had a few weird requests (like scissors) over the course of a few weeks and they were always accommodating. My hours were strange going back and forth between the hotel and the hospital. If my room wasn't serviced on a given day (because I was sleeping at a goofy time) they left me a bag of goodies on my door. Very much appreciated!
- Front desk staff were super nice and helpful!
- I didn't try it but you can order food and beverage items (as well as pet food!) directly to your room for a fee. Not quite room service but better than nothing I suppose. 
- During the week it's pretty quiet. Unfortunately that changes on the weekends. Every weekend I was here it seemed like there was a rave across the hall or next to me. Ugh.
We booked a one bedroom suite with 2 beds and a pull out sofa. 

The hotel is on a caddy corner on a busy street. It is not ideal to unloading a vehicle (as we Ubered to the hotel); parking in the garage attached to the hotel is $45 a night. The bellman was nice and helpful. Check in was quick and easy. They do add an additional $250 deposit when you check in (which would of been nice to know especially since I called the hotel twice before arriving). 

The room was musty when we arrived so we opened windows. Due to the change of weather the room was warm and the AC did not work well (having the windows open was helpful). I loved the room, spacious living room, full kitchen and the balcony; the bathroom is small and the water pressure is low. The kitchen had a coffee pot, stove, microwave, refrigerator, can opener, utensils, cups, pots and plates. They provide small toiletries but were responsive when we needed extra bedding, towels an toilet paper. 

There are two restaurants attached to the hotel (Asian and American type food); ordering from Ubereats and Door Dash were also helpful. 

There is a pool but it is seasonal, the gym requires a reservation and there is a fire pit on the roof (but the space is small). 

My biggest issue with the hotel would have to be cleanliness especially with the world being in a pandemic. There were definitely areas that we had to disinfect with wipes and spray before touching such as the refrigerator, dining room table and bathroom. The linens also had lint and markings as if they were not washed well. 

Overall the suite was accommodating, staff were nice and it was good for a quiet girls weekend.
The valet parking is absolutely horrendous here. My vehicle was damaged 3 times here and they will deny claim once you pull out of garage. You must perform a full inspection on your vehicle before you leave. I know that SP + operates the parking garage but they are working for the Windsor and even wear Windsor polos. If you're going charge these kind of prices to park you should own up to your employees mistakes when they damage vehicles!!
Home Greatness!!!
I was recommended this hotel by a friend and damnit she was spot on w everything!
Beautiful Hotel, Eye Catching Decor, walk distance to a lot, short Uber ride to others, etc.

Hubby and I stayed here this particular weekend to attend the catastrophic Roots Picnic and despite how the festival ended, my stay at The Windsor Suites made up for it!!!

We entered and was greeted by Beth and a young AA gentleman who were both so pleasant and accommodating. As soon as we walking into our room of the elevator, there was an immediate wow factor w the spacious layout and view of pretty sky scraper building (Comcast I think).
I had a kitchen, WALK IN CLOSET, spacious bathroom w a SEPARATE VANITY sitting area and plenty of drawer space.

We were directly across the street from Sister Cities Park and walking distance LoVe Park and The Terminal (YUMMY)!!! There were so many fine dining, pub and American restaurant eating places within walking distance, 1-2 museums, etc.

Parking isn't the best but there are plenty of options and we economically opted to park in a garage 2 doors down underground at Logan Square. Most reasonably priced on the weekends.

I must admit this place was a little more than what I usually spend but it was worth every cent!!

Kudos to The Windsor Suites and its affiliates for providing a super fantastic experience.
Awful customer service for an error in booking dates. A simple error booking through Travelocity. I needed a room for tomorrow for the Eagles parade and the search still had my June dates in it from a previous search. I tried to contact them twice via the Travelocity "message" feature with no response. Travelocity called to explain and Chris said he could not issue a refund. Really? 5 Months away and you couldn't issue a refund for an error? There weren't even any rooms available for the dates I did want. Will never stay here.
We stayed here recently for a convention and couldn't have been happier. It's a 10 minute walk to the convention center, the nearest bar sells 6-packs (bc you can not get them at the convenience store), the 3 different front desk people and 2 different porters were all SUPER friendly and always asking if they could help with anything if we were in the lobby, and honestly the shampoo/conditioner/body wash line they use is worth the 5-stars alone. It's called Pepper & Guild, and we had a warm oak scent that I became so obsessed with that I had to track down a way to order it online. So, kudos for the great pairing - Windsor Suites & Pepper+Guild! The one slightly annoying thing that happened is the cleaning lady stopped by at 930am on Saturday. Check out is at 11am.. and we weren't even checking out that day, so we thought that was really odd/slightly rude.. but not the hugest deal.
This is THE WORST PLACES I HAVE EVER BEEN .. Isaac (the manager) is the worst most disrespectful ,condescending person I have ever worked  with .. he told my wife that he can accommodate 5 people in my family with (air mattress/cot), at 3pm the front desk called me and told me they were bring a mattress (air or normal) to my room .. I got back to my room at 10 pm 7hrs later and no mattes!!! ISAAC told me that I was "shit out luck" not in those world but told me there is nothing he can do. GAVE ME A BOXSPRING  TO SLEEP ON WITH 2 blankets and 2 pillows.. 




I WILL NEVER COME BACK TO THIS PLACE !!!!! EVER
Very spacious suite with a view of Benjamin Franklin Parkway. The room was clean and customer service was good. I was allowed to check in early and leave my luggage in the baggage room when I checked out (but wanted to wander around the city more before departing).

Parking next door is a bit expensive but typical for major cities. Unlimited in and out access.

Irish pub downstairs.
Stayed here yet again. Not by choice but because I had to as this is where I have to stay whenever my mom is at HUP. I think they've really taken the criticism they've gotten online in the past year or so to heart and have tried to change things for the better. Great work from what I can tell!

This time around unloading our car, checking in, and getting up to our rooms (on two different floors) was much smoother than it has been in the past. The man who helped us with our luggage was super nice not to mention we learned they actually have a freight elevator for the luggage racks. Back in 2016 we had to deal with this ourselves and no one pointed us towards the hidden freight elevator. Huge plus!

Valet guys were great. There were a lot of cars there when we were there and they handled the rush much better than they have in the past.

My only complaint: a bottle of soda is still $2.75 in their vending machine. Yes you read that right! $2.75!!! I'm pretty sure that's illegal in some states! While I'm glad they have a vending machine, this is just horrendous. Go around the corner to WaWa.
Have had a fantastic stay at the Windsor Suites. Clean, modern, spacious, centrally located, and excellent customer service. Highly satisfied and would definitely stay here again if visiting Philly. I'll be checking out their partner hotels too - Modus Hotels. Thank you Windsor Suites!
I stayed here for three nights a few weeks ago and couldn't have had a better experience! The staff was extremely friendly and helpful in navigating the area. The hotel is super dog friendly, which was great for bringing my pup. They provided food bowls, treats, and a sticker to put on the door alerting staff of the dog. 

The room was clean, comfortable, and huge compared to a lot of places. The place had three giant closets, a great bathroom, and a decent sized kitchen. Overall, I'm very happy with my experience and will definitely be back!
So I was overall underwhelmed with this hotel. Maybe it's partially because I expected better from the pictures from the website (the real place doesn't look as nice as the pictures), and maybe it's partially because I'm now used to 5 star hotels. But this place did seem subpar for a 4 star hotel. 

First of all, the check in time was 3 pm, which was in my opinion really late. And the checkout time was 11 am, and they were unwilling to accommodate and allow for a later checkout time. 

The hotel room looked like it used to be an apartment. There was a kitchen, and the closet was a walk in closet (which was the only part that I really liked). The rest of the place was pretty standard. 

Lastly, I did ask for more toothpaste, as I had just ran out of toothpaste - and despite being told that they would send someone right away, I never got my toothpaste. However the front desk did provide me one later after I asked.
ive stayed at this hotel many times and this time I was highly disappointed. The place is not worth the $$$. You would think for the price you pay, you'll get a clean room, kitchen and bathroom but no you dont. Everything was so filthy. my boyfriend and I really wanted to just leave without staying the night but unfortunately we had to. The TV didn't even work. The only bright side was the view other than this is place is a complete rip off.
The renovated rooms here are a wonderful home base for a short stay in Philly. For my birthday weekend getaway it was perfect. The location was great, I enjoyed the view from the 11th floor, and the price was definitely right. 

The Wi-Fi is free, but I found it to be so spotty and finicky it was unusable. However, the room was huge, really clean, and well-appointed. The big screen tv's in both the living room and bedroom were welcome (as was the HBO) but did not get much use as this hotel is so centrally located almost everything and there are much better things to do within walking distance than watch TV. And on that note, while a concierge service is not available, the hotel staff are quite knowledgeable and pleasant to talk with regarding any travel suggestions you may need. 

I feel like I got a great deal for my money, and I will definitely stay here again if I need a room in Philadelphia. Ask at the desk to make sure you get a renovated room, and you'll be very happy here!
This place was a nightmare! We booked this hotel through Hotwire, what was supposed to be a 4.5 star hotel it was definitely comparable to a 1 star motel! Walking into the 5th floor the rugs headed to the room we're absolutely disgusting and stained... Now going into the room... I've never been so disappointed  the room smelled like wet clothes from the get go. The room was poorly lit with different colored lights, there were literally stains on everything! The couch, the walls, the metal in the bathroom was black and looked rotted, everything was old and out dated, the lamp was broken, it was so disgusting that we couldn't even sit down in the furniture. Right away we called Hotwire to change hotels but at that time it was already 2am. We complained downstairs and showed the photos so they upgraded us to the executive suite... This was better yes maybe a 2.5 maybe 3 star room... I'm saying this because all they did was take the crap old furniture, painted over it and reupholstered everything, looks nicer but felt very cheap, it seems they even used the old couches that were heavily stained and just put new fabric on it because the couch was so uncomfortable. I'm happy we only needed to spend one night here and thankful Hotwire is placing us in a new hotel. First day in Bangkok and this was the worst way to start out trip.
Stayed here for 2 nights a couple months ago.  We had my 10-month old daughter so we needed a kitchen to wash bottles, boil water, store milk, etc. The room itself was very spacious. 

PROS:
+Huge King Size, comfortable bed!
+Fully stocked kitchen with microwave, 4-burner stove, oven, full size fridge, sink, and dishwasher
+portable crib with wheels 
+extra desk space for working and storage
+HUUUGE walk-in closet
+Extremely friendly customer service
+Prime location with a Wawa within walking distance and a restaurant downstairs; Comcast center directly behind it.

CONS:
-The thermostat!  The building is old and the pipes don't allow the building to run AC and Heat at the same time.  So when we felt it was cold, we could not turn the heat up; we could only turn off the AC and let the room settle to a normal room temperature. 
-$40/night parking fee, valet only

Overall it was a nice stay and I wouldn't mind coming back.  Definitely an ideal place to stay if you needed a place for an extended amount of time.
Location is great and staff were wonderfully accommodating. Rooms are huge and come with a full kitchen; I would definitely come back and stay at the Windsor Suites the next time I visit Philadelphia.
Overall the hotel is pretty nice.  I haven't stayed anywhere else in Philly before but I do travel a lot & this hotel was great.  We got a good deal on Priceline & parking was $30 a day...you can also take your car in and out as many times as you want.  Everyone working in the hotel was very helpful and nice to us 

They have a rooftop pool, it is small but still nice.  Our room was HUGE!  We had two big closets, a typical size bathroom, a full service kitch with a small table, king bed, desk, and chair/foot rest.  

The shower seemed a little bit dirty & my girlfriend said the hot water kept cutting out while she showered (but that didn't happen to me).  Only thing I would say that could have been better was if the bathroom was cleaner & they had a new shower curtain.

Great deal I would say.  Right in the middle of the city within walking distance of many attractions.  I would stay here again for sure.  We have 2 days left and im sure they will be just as enjoyable.
Bad experience. ..2 night stay with wife and 8 yr old daughter.  1st night, a fight in excessively small lobby.  Police came and had a hard time getting control.   Scared my daughter all night.  2nd night partying people up rowdy all night.  2 am- 5 am getting no sleep.   Unsympathetic and arrogant managers gave the same answer. ...we evict all guests after the 2nd complaint (that's it).  I paid good money to get a good night's sleep, it never happened. They could at least of erred a complimentary stay to redeem themselves if my stay was uncharacteristic.
The +
Fairly cheap rooms for Philadelphia
Good location
In-room kitchens
Large rooms

The -
Terrible beds and pillows
The shower
Bad wireless
Paper-thin walls
Old and run-down rooms

Yes, this place features a good location and in-room kitchens, however that wasn't enough for me. I was here on business and looked forward to some rest after long meetings. That didn't happen. The bed is not comfortable. Pillows are super small, as if for Lilliputians. The shower is pathetic: it literally takes 12 minutes for the hot water to come on in the mornings. Then, you have to turn the water back down as it stays scalding. Nothing is worse than a bad bed and a bad shower. One night I was kept awake by some idiot next door who was talking with someone on a cellphone speaker phone. It wasn't his fault because he probably didn't know about paper-thin walls. The entire look of the interior is old and dingy. It needs major updates. Loose wires all over, busted doors, old electrical/cable plugs near the TV that haven't been fixed (it takes about 2 minutes to putty holes!) It just makes me feel that this place doesn't care and that they know they are cheap and sport a good location. Also, the wireless was not working. In addition to the desk chair that didn't adjust, I had to deal with the wireless problems on many occasions. Two visits from the 'maintenance' crew and nothing was fixed. I tried calling the Hotwire wireless 1-800 line and no fix. The one maintenance person told me that anyone with a Mac has this issue. I've never had problems with Ethernet on my Mac, so that is not true. In the end, they couldn't fix the problem and I was without wireless for five days. I ended up going to the Starbucks.

Avoid the temptation....yes, you might save $25, even $50, but is it worth it? No.
My friend and I were looking for a not too expensive but still nice place to stay for a festival in Philadelphia and we sure found it! Great location, close to a lot of things, restaurants in the hotel! We got there 3 hours before check in and out room wasn't quite ready but they called us as soon as it was and it was absolutely perfect. There was a full kitchen with utensils, several closets, a great view from the balcony and a separate living room and bedroom! The shampoo and conditioner were more than just your basic products and the bathroom had a great little vanity mirror. The only problem is that Hotwire lists the hotel as 18 and older check in when it's really 21 and older, but the hotel let it slide as long as we agreed to follow a set of rules they printed out. I'd love to visit again!
Wish I didn't have to say this but CHECK YOUR CAR BEFORE YOU LEAVE VALET. I park here for business a few times a week. Never really had a problem with the valet.  Parked there earlier this week. Went straight home. parked in my driveway.  Came out in the morning and noticed that there was a place on my bumper that was clearly rubbed against another car or something stationary. Also my license plate guard was cracked. I am meticulous with my car and know that nothing happened on my ride home or in my driveway overnight. I immediately called and filed a claim with the parking company at the Windsor. 
I just received a denied claim. Reason being that I didn't show the damage to the attendant before I left the premises. 
How about the attendant letting me know that the car was damaged before I left!!!!!!!!!
To be honest with you I don't really care about the damage anymore. I can maybe buff out and use some touch up paint and buy a new license plate cover. 
ITS THE FACT THAT SOMEONE WITH WHOM I TRUSTED TO PARK MY CAR HIT SOMETHING AND DIDNT TELL ANYONE!?!?!?  How is this alright and how many times has this happened to other people. 
What a shame. Will never park there again.
Booked here for 4th of July 2015 via Hotel Tonight. Originally, we were attracted to this hotel because the rooms on the app were advertised with balcony rooms. However, after further research (post booking) we learned that not all rooms here have balconies. To us, the balcony was important because of all the festivities that would be happening below, on the Benjamin Franklin Parkway - what a great birds eye view, even if the Embassy suites would obstruct the view of the main event, the fireworks over the art museum - we wanted to feel as though we were outside without being in the crowd. Prior to checking in, the people at the hotel informed me that rooms were assigned at check-in and they couldn't promise anything until the day of. So, I arrived very early to the hotel to try and arrange something, however the attendants at the front desk are very strange in their techniques of "best accommodating guests" 

I was told that no balcony rooms would be available nor would any become available throughout the day. Even after I offered to pay for an upgrade, I was assured that they were booked to capacity. But when I overheard another attendant speaking to the guest next to me offer multiple rooms with balconies (and give options as to which room they wanted), I decided to confront my attendant about their availability. She walked away for a while and after several minutes she was magically able to "switch a few things around" and make it work. But for a price, I paid $100 extra for a room with a balcony - which ended up actually being a great room and kind of worth the money....but not the hassle, haggle and confusion it took to get it in the first place. I came in person to make these arrangements at 11am and was told that my room would be ready closer to check in (3pm) but I would receive a call when the room was good to go...and of course, I never received a call. I actually ended up calling the hotel around 4pm to inquire about the status of the room and that's when I was informed it was ready. Also, they force valet parking on you as if it's mandatory (30-something odd dollars a night), but there's literally a parking garage with $5 evening parking, out by 9AM right around the corner and probably many other garages within walking distance and street/metered parking available close by. 

Besides bargaining with the front desk, everything else about the hotel is actually pretty nice. I have also previously stayed here a few years ago and since then, they've changed the look of their lobby completely...the lobby is almost unrecognizable, but they're still undergoing construction. The rooms are very spacious and the kitchenette comes in handy! I wish I could've cancelled my reservation though, but due to booking through a third party, this wasn't an option. And I'm highly aware that booking through a third party leaves the room assignments to the hotels discretion, but I didn't like feeling mistreated because of the means by which I booked my room. Regardless of whether I booked directly through the hotel, Expedia, Priceline, Orbitz, Hotel Tonight or whatever medium, essentially, I am still a guest of the Windsor Suites and expect to be treated that way.
Matt and Seamus were excellent!!!  They made us feel very welcome and assisted with special requests.   Excellent place to stay for the night
I stayed here because Orbitz had a great deal for a night in February. I paid $88 dollars for a weekend. I was pleasantly surprised with the size of my room, full sized kitchen, cleanliness. A huge plus of this hotel is LOCATION. It is right in the middle downtown and easily accessible no matter what part of downtown you want to explore. The staff was really helpful and accommodating. I would definitely stay with them again.

Only downsides: I booked an extra night with them but they were not willing to honor the price of the night I had already stayed.
I live in Philadelphia, so that made it a bit difficult in knowing where to stay in Philadelphia since i've never needed a hotel. However, I used to travel for work and have stayed in hotels all over the world, so I guess that permits me some grounds to review one. I was going to be entertaining a guest from out of town for a week, so it made it easier to stay in the heart of the city for sight seeing. 

I reviewed over 20 hotels and this seemed to be the best for the money. Not knowing anyone who had ever stayed here, I decided to be brave.

It really was the best hotel. I'm sure there are plenty others that boast swanky amenities, but this hotel was just perfect. I stayed the week after New Years. 

First and foremost- the staff- Every single person that works for this hotel- were amazing. Seamus at the front desk gave me a great room when I asked if he had one with a view. Extremely helpful, friendly, courteous employees work here making sure I had everything I needed. The customer service here goes above and beyond, from every department. From the front desk to housekeeping- every person here had a smile and a warm personality. That is so important.

The room was really big. And super clean. Fresh linens, huge beds, gorgeous refinished tile bathrooms. A big kitchen with fridge and stove- it was a mini apartment. The shower drains were a little slow- but it's the city, so, it happens. 

I will always recommend this hotel and if I need to stay in the city again, this is where I will stay. I could not have been happier with my visit here. Thank you, Windsor Suites.
My S.O. and I came to Philly for a concert, and wanted to be able to lay low, stretch out, relax, eat, and "pre-game" before hand. The Windsor hotel was the perfect choice. 

We had a great time at the Windsor.  
I'm a stickler when it comes to cleanliness, and this hotel passed the test. 

We stayed in a king studio suite, with balcony, and felt right at home.  The kitchen was perfect size, and had everything I needed to put together a nice cocktail hour of appetizers. 

No issues, our stay was easy & comfortable...easy uber p/u and drop off location. 
The bell-hop, Isaiah, was a pleasure, and the front desk ladies were very warm & accomodating. 
We look forward to our next stay!
I can't really complain about my stay here. We were in Philly for 5 days and spent the last 3 nights at the Windsor. The room we got was bigger than our apartment in NYC (we upgraded, but i think they accidently gave us a HUGE room, that or the price is just AMAZING).. the king size bed was amazing. We had a balcony, living room, and full kitchen. I wish it would have been a bit more clean and updated. That fitness room is kind of a joke, but i just used the treadmill. The staff seemed friendly and took care of everything we could have asked for. If we come to Philly next summer we will probably stay here again.
This hotel is in a great location and has 2 really good restaurants attached to it; however, that's really the only things that it offers.  The bad: very outdated furniture, the sheets smelled upon arrival, TV only had like 13 channels, and overall just not a hotel I'd consider staying at again.
After a very long day of taking care of business, we had to stay overnight in the Philadelphia area. After doing a bit of research, I decided to stay at the Windsor Suites. Upon arrival, I was very tired. I was also struggling with my disability. The truth is, I could hardly walk (even with the assistance of a cane). In addition, my elderly mom  was equally as tired. From the moment I contacted the facility, I knew our stay would be positive. Prior to getting inside, I was greeted by Hansan T. (The parking attendant). I did not quite understand the parking requirements and became discouraged. Hansan went into customer service excellence mode, he solved the problem with a quickness. This kind young man even went on to mention that he could see we were clearly ready to get some rest due to the extremely late hour we arrived. After which, he proceeded to help my mom and I get out of the vehicle. He would not even accept the tip I was trying to give him. I think it's safe to say this gentleman sealed the deal completely prior to even getting inside the lobby LOL. Shortly thereafter, we were greeted by a courteous front desk receptionist (Pamela B.). She took care of the paperwork in a matter of minutes and the security guard carried our bags and helped us upstairs. The room was absolutely beautiful. We were only staying for a few hours, however, after seeing the room, we definitely wanted it to be a longer stay LOL. The room was absolutely beyond average! It was well-kept, clean and well worth this positive review. I am a social network YouTube vlogger and I will definitely spread the word to my colleagues. Thank you so much. When we were leaving a very kind gentleman was helping us to get the car (I did not get his name). When I called The following day just to make sure I got the names correct, the gentleman that helped (Thomas) was  the sweetest ever. I'm not sure which was more beautiful to me, the customer service or the facility WOW! Hopefully, we can return in the near future and get an opportunity to enjoy the place with a bit more detail. Thanks again!
my boyfriend & i have stayed here in the past & enjoyed the suites but did notice staff to be curt & aloof. this time suite was gorgeous but unfortunately after turning off nitelight for reading in bed there was a swarm of either waterbugs or centipedes on bedroom ceiling. tried to kill them & even more would appear. also there was evidence of water damage on the ceiling. called front desk & there wasn't any bug spray in the house. now why couldn't they have gone down to the maintenence room. we were offerred another room but reprimmanded for checking bed for bed bugs or bugs on bedroom ceiling. staff members were rude, unproffessional and down right mean. we were asked to leave premises for demanding to inspect new room for bugs!!!!! furthermore the next day when we asked to speak to the gm in private we were denied & he raised his voice in public at us!!!!!!! we stayed in room 1908, have called the board of  health & that room has a balcony door that's basically a health hazard. the glass is so difficult you can barely open/close it. in addition there are only 2 elevators & they are extremely slow. the lobby is in desperate need of a renovation & security on the 4th should have been tighter. all other hotels in the area only allowed gueast members in, not this one.on the brighter side we checked out & merrily settled into our suite at the 4 seasons!!!!
I stayed here for work training (5 weeks) and experienced some strange occurrences:

1) Housekeeping threw away a bag of my groceries during my weekly cleaning. I called to complain and the front desk blew me off repeatedly. 

2) Before checkout, I left some items (full size shampoo, conditioner, body wash, razor) as well as a freezer of food and my ray-ban sunglasses. I called three times to confirm that checkout was at 11. When I came back to the room at 10:40, it had been "de-trashed" and ALL of my items were thrown out. Housekeeping was sympathetic, but made less than a mediocre effort in figuring out if my FULL-FULLSIZE ITEMS were thrown away or stored. I got my sunglasses back but lost $75 of hair products.

Over the course of my stay, housekeeping/the front desk were less than receptive to my requests for BASIC things. 10/10 would never go back.
We stayed 4 nights at the Windsor Suites during March, 2009.

We were attracted first by the value - a very reasonable room rate for the time we stayed there. A relative visited the hotel before we arrived and we were surprised - pleasantly - to learn that all the rooms had complete kitchens.

The room was comfortable and clean. The kitchen was basic, but included a gas stove and microwave, and large refrigerator. We used it for breakfast every day. There's a Whole Foods about 10 minutes walk away and we shopped there for groceries.

There's nothing fancy about this hotel, but the combination of location and amenities, along with a great price, will bring us back again.
Recently I stayed at this hotel for 5 days attending a conference.  From check in to check out was riddled with issues.  The TV did not work; hotel did not have a spare (day 1 no TV).  Wi-Fi was spotty(to be fair, this may have been related to my Iphone 5 however I had not experience this type of issue before nor did I experience any issues connecting to the conference WiFi at the convention center).  The only saving grace is that hotel management was responsive and returned one full night stay, issued me a dinner voucher and 4 breakfast vouchers, upgraded my room once a room with a TV became available.  I would not recommend staying at this hotel.  The entire experience was just an inconvenience
Our family reunion of 30 has stayed here two times in a row now, and this being my first time here, I was rather unimpressed with the overall service.

The rooms are spacious, and that's of course nice. The location is good too; nice and central to some great spots! Other than that, however, Windsor Suites did not do much for me.

Our correct room was not ready until the following night, and we had to wait over three hours after check-in time the following day to move our bags into our room. (Read: no bathroom or room for basically one full day.) After constant questioning at the front desk, we were told voer a period of 45 minutes that "our key was still being made." Really??

Three different times we had to call the front desk for towels and sheets, and each time they brought up exactly what we said we didn't need in the room. One of our family members also had to wait TWO HOURS for a plunger to be brought up to their room.

I'd rather find a smaller place next time if that means a little better service!
Dirty room. I started sneezing the minute I checked in. They didn't go clean the room thoroughly. The last guest left condoms in the bedroom and it was still there when I came in. I wouldn't come back.
Yes, the rooms are somewhat dated but they were clean.  To me, that's even more important.  The rooms have a full kitchen, seating area and wonderful patio.  We stayed in room 610 which gave us a stunning view in both directions of Ben Franklin Pkwy.
The location is perfect.  You can walk to almost anywhere.  The front desk staff is friendly and helpful.  Ignore their dinner suggestions, though.  They recommended a chain restaurant our the night we arrived and it was horrible.  In the light of day the following morning we found many places we would have rather gone for food.
The shower was tricky to figure out and the tub drained really slowly.  It's gross for me to stand in the shower water like that so I dinged them one star for that.  It would have been nice to have more than two towels in the room but they came up with extras, no problem.  The elevators seem to get overloaded easily and they are quite slow.  I'm glad we didn't stay on a higher floor.
The air conditioning was tricky, too.  I went to bed very cold but at 4am woke up very warm.  I had to get up and turn the fan on 'high' instead of 'auto' to get the air to turn back on.
If I were to go back to Philadelphia, I would stay here again, but I would check the shower right away and have them take care of it.
I had an awesome experience at this place the moment I came through the doors. I had a lovely bellman greet me and help me with my things up to my room. They also allowed me to check-in super early (7am) which was SO convenient. I was able to relax a little before attending a work conference. They were very helpful with directions and on how close things were to me. (great location BTW, close to everything) The room was also very nice, HUGE with a mini kitchen and a large closet. The view wasn't bad either, I could see a few buildings. Overall I really enjoyed this hotel and will be sure to keep it in mind next time I'm in the area.
This is good basic lodging in a great location at a reasonable price, especially when you consider the space (lots) and the fact that it has a kitchen.  Nothing more, nothing less.  Only you can decide if it is worth saving the money (although, quite frankly, those who say this place was NOT worth saving $100/night must be spoiled).  We generally stay at Marriott properties--usually Residence Inn, Marriott, Renaissance--and the Four Seasons when we want some comfort, a little luxury, and are willing to pay for it.  We just didn't need that this time.
Service was friendly, informative, comprehensive, and fast.
The TV was much better than any TV I have experienced in a hotel recently.
The kitchen was not equipped with everything we needed (that it should have had), but when we called, they provided it willingly and quickly.
I agree that the walls are thin.   
All in all, not perfect, but certainly adequate for the price.
Spouse booked a room here based on reviews and price which is moderate for the area. I recently read a review here that was listed in pros and cons which I'll do as well

PROS
HUGE room including a 8 X8 walk in closet. Nice.....but necessary?
Requested a quiet room, which we got. End of the hall with no one on the other side
Front desk was exceptionally friendly and helpful
Huge room with kitchen for $165.00 in the prime area of Philly


CONS
In need of updating
Bath facilities were interesting. On the tenth floor and it would take over two minutes of running the water before the hot water came up. With both the bath and sink draining VERY slow, they would both fill up as you waited for the hot water to arrive. Had to stop, let them drain for 5 minutes and start again. 
Curious setup with the bath faucets. Use a lever handle to turn on the cold. Then turn a small faucet on for the hot, which included a very small button that had to be depressed to turn the hot. After the two minute wait, then turn the shower lever to use the shower faucet, but the waiter still poured out of the faucet with only a weak flow from the shower. Learned on the last day that if you then turned the cold water lever off, the full flow would be directed to the shower head. 
Second day, nothing but brown water coming out of the bath and sink faucet. Called the desk which offered to send up an engineer. Why? The problem was not in my room, it was with the hot water heater.
Not a single fork or spoon in the kitchen and only two small pots and some assorted plates and glasses
Very slow internet service. This place and other big hotels are now following the lead of the airlines and charging you for everything. Slow internet service for free, fast service for an additional $9.99 per DAY! 
Somewhat slow elevators, although I've used worse. 
On the day I left, take a shower and find that the cleaner had taken and not replaced my washcloth.
If I was unable to find anything better, I might use this place again solely based on price.
The heart of Philly!
The Windsor Suites was a great hotel for lots of reasons: the staff  was nice and friendly, the room was spacious, bright and clean, had a fully loaded kitchen, and a nice, facing Benjamin Franklin Parkway, balcony, from which you can see a magnificent view of the city (a little noisy, though). There was a small area of outdoor seating near a peaceful fountain. The pool on the roof of the hotel was clean and gorgeous, with a downtown view from it.
Great location! The heart of Philly, just what we needed. We are walkers and walked to the historic areas and around the center. The hotel is located very close to the Franklin Institute, the Science Museum, Rodin Museum, and the Art Museum, also it is within minutes of walking to the Logan Square, City Hall and Love Park. 
Our experience was great overall and would probably stay here again next time.
I loved this hotel! The service was great and I loved my suite. I will definitely stay here again
My wife and I stayed here for 5 days to see the Rams play the Eagles as well as take in some of the historical sites.  Overall the staff was freindly and the rooms were adequate.  This is a combo hotel and extended stay place, so there are some differences.  For instance, the guests next to us sure liked curry...every night.  The laundry machines on our floor didn't take quarters and needed a prepaid card, but one floor up did not.  The ice machine on our floor did not work but the one a floor up did.  The exercise room was ok and the restaurants down stairs were both good.  Make sure you ask for your AAA discount ahead of time as they won't honor it "after" checkin.  Not a bad place for the price and access to the city.
This facility was overly accommodating in so many ways! Every single staff member from the managers to the front door security and everyone in between, was very helpful and very pleasant and did everything in their power to help make our experience a good one!  If we needed something for the room there was no wait!  It was sent up immediately. The location is key!  I am very thankful for their service for my family!
Positives:  The lobby is beautiful, staff friendly, room more than I could of asked for.

Negatives: the shower never gets hot, turns cold when toilets flush, and the pressure is lacking.
The Kleenex, yep I rate on Kleenex, were horrible, one ply, rough.
Then there is parking: yes the website says there is valet parking But it doesn't say there is no free parking. Not being from around here $40+ for overnight parking is crazy to me. That was more than a days worth of food for my daughter and I.
Well, I'm back to leave an updated review for this hotel because it seems they have went to the lengths of leaving an erroneous response to my previous review. They mentioned the Manager visited my room because of several complaints from neighboring rooms. This is utterly and completely false. I was never visited by anyone from the hotel staff and I find it hard to believe they fielded several complaints by paying guests at their hotel and never once addressed the issue with me while I was staying there. The only conversation we "shared" was long after I had already checked out and I called the hotel myself to dispute charges. The overall experience with this hotel has been a headache to say the least. Not to mention the $250 they extorted from me. I will be having my lawyer contact them from here on out and hope to settle this amicably.
O M G!!!
What a gorgeous hotel!!! 
Where do I begin? I'm ready to move in!

First, this place is fancy, modern and chic! The lobby is airy and Cozy. Staff greets you with a warm smile.  On Tuesday evenings they offer appetizers in the lobby: thin crust pizza, veggies, hummus, pita chips - YUM!

The first time hubby and I stayed here we were in a suite: HUGE bedroom had a king size bed and a walk-in-closet, bathroom, living room, kitchen and a walk in closet in the the hallway. It was room #1207. If you get that room, you won't want to leave!

I love the scent of the toiletries they provide! Mmmmm!

There's an Irish pub - CON MURPHY'S - attached to the lobby. You can have room service delivered (with a $3 charge), or dine at the pub. It's also open to the public. I've had breakfast and lunch there and definitely recommend it. They do provide outdoor seating weather permitting.

There's also an Asian restaurant at the hotel and is open to the public, as well. I haven't dined there yet.

Some of the floors in the hotel are apartment rentals. People are residents there. I wouldn't mind living here!
While the staff was friendly, the room was clean and it was a good location for where I needed to be, it was the worst hotel stay I've ever experienced.

First, the walls are paper thin.  If someone is just talking at a normal tone of voice in the next room you can hear everything.  I had to switch rooms several times just to find one that didn't have constant noise coming from a neighbor.  It worked for the first night but the second night, a group of teenagers checked into the room next to me and it was just awful.  The hotel security asked them to keep it down but that lasted all of five minutes.

Second, the shower faucets are such an odd contraption and was stuck on scalding hot.  I had to wait 30 minutes for the engineer to arrive so she could reset the shower.

Was not worth the money and I will never stay there again.
Two stars during spring/fall, probably four stars during the rest of the year. 

Very clean, and the kitchen was nice, so that front was ok. The service staff was friendly and helpful.

However, if you are traveling during seasonal changes, be advised the heating and air system is either hot or cold throughout the building. I'm here in April, and the heat was on when I arrived which drove the temps up to be 79 degrees in the room. You can crack the windows which helps some, but my last two nights here have been miserable with warm temps and no air movement in the room (even with the windows open). You will be walking around a lot, so you come in with your core temperature a little elevated and it doesn't dissipate very quickly when your room is 78 degrees

Wifi is slow and spotty, and you can get 4G if you are standing by the windows but not generally in the room. My phone seemed to drain battery more quickly than usual too.

So, I would stay here in definitive summer or winter, but never in fall or spring unless I called ahead to see when their big AC cut over dates were. Or if you want to imagine what it was like when our founding fathers scribed the declaration of independence/constitution. But they weren't paying the nightly rate we are.
My first visit to The Windsor Suites and WOW!
From the moment you check in you are greeted warmly by the lovely ladies at the front desk! 
Stephanie checked me in AND assisted me on several occasions. Her warmth ~ smile and positive attitude was highly refreshing and professional.
I was there to Speak at Art Biz Jam and every encounter I had with hotel staff was 5 !
Each and every situation was a positive one and I highly recommend this hotel!
Rooms were great | food was delicious and staff was Exceptional!
From maintenance to management, this hotel was wonderful! I was here for a three day work event. We didn't stay at the hotel but used several conference rooms. The conference rooms were clean and stocked with water, mints, and paper/pens.  The staff here is warm and welcoming. We were greeted each morning and wished a good night as we left each evening.Any issues were resolved quickly.  Steve on the maintenance staff checked our conference rooms throughout the day to make sure we had enough supplies. Zarita at the front desk is  such a personable  woman! Always pleasant!! She was kind enough to get me a cup of hot water for tea.
There is a wine and cheese reception Monday-Thursday 5-6 pm. Red and white wine  as well as a variety of cheeses with nuts and dried fruit are  available. In the morning there is hot coffee and fruit water all day.
While I didn't stay  here, several clients did. They all liked the rooms. The rooms were clean and spacious. The hotel is in an excellent location near the parkway museums, city hall and Rittenhouse Square.
I would highly recommend for meetings, conferences as well as staying here
Had to stay here last night due to a property issue at my apartment which is right up the street. The man at the front desk who helped us check in was extremely kind and understanding of the stress we were under and the problem we were dealing with and accommodated to our needs immediately. Certainly one of the best experiences I've had yet at a hotel in the area!
My brother and I spent a weekend in Philly right before Christmas and stayed here.  I have to say, it was the perfect hotel experience.

1. Excellent location
2. Incredibly friendly and helpful staff
3. Huge rooms with full kitchen, dishwasher, full-size fridge, cooking surface, a cute little breakfast nook and a balcony with great views
4. Free Wi-fi
5. Decent fitness center
6. Good restaurant on site
7. Walking distance to many attractions

Sure, it's not the fanciest hotel in the world, but I've found that with fancier hotels, they nickel and dime you on everything ($20/day wi-fi, etc.) .  This place is an excellent price, has more than we needed, and I would stay there again and recommend it to anyone.
I'm usually pretty good about rolling with the punches, but my current stay at the Windsor Suites has prompted me to write this negative review.

I'm currently here for business for the next two months. As I write this review, the sound of intense drilling and construction noise are clouding my room. As I said earlier, I'm a pretty good team player when it comes to dealing with service issues... but this has gone WAY too far. The construction has been happening for over two weeks now, and the hotel staff have no idea when it will end. The drilling and noise has been incessant for the past week, and has run non-stop from 9AM until 4PM. All that the hotel staff have offered me are some crummy ear plugs that barely fade out the noise. The way they delivered these to me was by knocking on my door, even when I had a "DO NOT DISTURB" sign hanging outside. I have asked numerous times in the past week to change rooms to the opposite side of the building and they still have not honored my request. A couple colleagues of mine are also currently staying at this hotel as well and have reported mice running across their floors. Quite possibly the worst hotel experience I have ever had.

This hotel is maybe a half-step above a Motel 6 or Super 8. Avoid at ALL costs.
Loved this location and the hospitality service offered by the staff here. The staff here go above and beyond to ensure that you have a great stay here, and that's how good-quality service should be!
Would love to write a better review. Staff is really great. Housekeeping was just fine. Facilities could be better. Full working kitchen, lots of closet space but tiny bathroom with a tiny tub/shower. Wish I had brought a wrench to remove the flow restrictor in the shower. Very hard water that takes forever to rinse off with at such a low flow rate. Water gets suddenly hot in the middle of a shower.

As mentioned, there is no ac. A sign on the wall read, "If you're hot, open the window". Unfortunately, our room overlooked Logan Square. The honking in philly in general and this spot specifically is INSANE. It starts right after dawn and goes on for the entire day. Literally INSANE.

Attached pub is fine. Service in philly is slower than any other major city I've been.

I'd suggest getting a room away from Logan Square if you opt to stay here.
Being from Philadelphia, this hotel disappoints me. We now live somewhere else and have to visit Philly and I wouldn't let me dog stay at this hotel. The front desk is super ignorant but the worst part would have to be the " valet". The parking situation is so disappointing and annoying that I would of walked in 10 degree weather then park my car. They were rude, careless and lost someone's car ( thank god it wasn't mine) 
I mustn't forget the ROACH in my bathroom also. So do yourself a favor and skip this place.
I love this hotel! When my husband and I are in Philly, we stay here because it feels like a home away from home. The staff is always polite and they go above and beyond your expectations. The high level of customer service is always consistent. My only complaint is the high rate for parking. Especially when you're here for a few days, $45/day racks up quick. Other than that, I highly recommend this hotel.
We had a nice stay at the Windsor Suites on a recent trip to Philadelphia. The hotel was clean and well-maintained, and the staff was friendly. Location was great, a short walk from Love Park, various museums, and other Center City attractions. Our room had a good layout and was a nice size for the most part. There was a large walk-in closet big enough for a stroller, a kitchen equipped with pretty much anything you could need, and a sitting area that was a perfect separate space for setting up baby's portable crib. The only things we didn't really like about our room were that the bathroom was a bit cramped with no counter space and low water pressure in the shower, and the bed was way too soft for me. But those were things you could live with and/or personal preference, so we would still recommend staying here if you're looking for an all-suites hotel.
The outside looks dark, dirty and dreary however the inside was clean and slightly more upscale. Staff was friendly and check in process while confusing due to multiple emails about having the room key on my phone (this isn't true, they give you a normal room key) was quick. The AC was working well and the room stayed cool. Their vending machine was broken at the time so couldn't get a quick water. We had a balcony but didn't use it much as looking closer at it edges were starting to break away and I don't trust the sturdiness due to that. They deff need to make some updates to the outside and add more vending in case someone would like a quick water.
Ok, Caitlin Mahan the leasing manager makes you never want to step foot at the Windsor. 

Man it's just like these people do not care at all about their job.

Just buy a condo somewhere else trust me not worth the hassle. The front desk didn't even want to help. It's the front desk lollll. Moving on with life good luck Windsor.
My fiancées and I just stayed for ten days when he was home on leave from the military... The room was very spacious and close to everything.. The manager Eyob was very accommodating to any requests we had and even gave us nice room upgrade the last few days of our stay!! Thanks Eyob!! 

Tip: if you stay more than 5 days ask the parking garage staff for the weekly rate.. It's cheaper.
My wife and I stayed two nights at the Windsor and had a great time throughout.  We arrived a bit before checkin, so we went downstairs for a beer and a cider at Con Murphys.  Our room was quickly available (still before scheduled checkin) and was beautiful with a balcony overlooking the parkway, full size refridgerator, and a very comfortable bed.  The room was warm as it was 65 degrees outside in February, but we just turned off the heat.   The rate we had included valet parking which was the most convenient I have had in some time.  The front desk staff were very accommodating and helped us with directions,
Awesome location on the legendary Parkway; huge selection of restaurants and entertainment within easy walking distance; friendly and helpful staff; comfortable and clean rooms; I can't say enough about this wonderful hotel!
Whew! Windsor saved us from a nightmare AirBNB. Very comfortable and large room, great front desk staff. Lots of cute doggies on the elevator.
The rooms were amazing, the staff was beyond words with hospitality all the way up to and including sight seeing advice. I couldn't not recommend a place to stay in Philadelphia more than this place. Two great restaurants inside. I couldn't have been happier with my stay!!
Stayed at Windsor Suites for one night. Hospitality was amazing!!  Thanks Bri and Neil for being so accommodating and kind!  The Asian restaurant downstairs was great for a drink and the owner Jimmy was super nice also. Definitely recommend going in there. The Bloody Mary's in the Irish Bar were amazing too!! Would highly recommend staying here!! Great value for the price. We had a 1 bedroom with 2 beds, kitchen, and balcony.  The terrace with the firepit and city view were great for relaxing with a drink at night.
This review is for the valet parking. 

It's the worst, slowest valet parking I've ever experienced anywhere in my life. They have attendants but you have to pay on a machine anyway which is not easy to figure out. It says "insert ticket here" but you don't actually insert it, you scan it so the wording throws you off. I don't understand why you even need to pay at a machine when a person is physically handing you a ticket when you drop your car off. I hate leaving my keys and having someone park my car for me but I didn't realize u til we already pulled in so at that point I was committed. The gentlemen working there seemed frazzled and didn't really seem to have a system. It took so long to drop the car off and also to pick it up. No one offered assistance without being sought out. Terrible parking. Spent more time waiting than we spent at the entire Comcast holiday show. I would never park here again. Avoid!!!
My wife and I decided to stay here after our wedding for about 5 days. It was convenient and within walking distance to almost everywhere we wanted to visit. For the price, this place isn't worth it, the rooms are small, the beds are like rocks, it smells of marijuana everywhere, the cleaning staff are noisy and slam doors while you're trying to relax, the silverware was rusted, the kitchen chairs were broken and the list goes on and on. If you're going to spend almost 2k go somewhere else.
I was very disappointed when we checked in and there was a $250 security deposit for a $200/one night stay. I found the front desk person to be slow and somewhat hostile. While the room itself was OK, you could hear the people next door talking conversationally. We heard them at midnight, 4 a.m. and 6 a.m. Very disappointed.
