I stayed here for 5 days and have to say Union League is an impressive looking French Renaissance-styled building. I've always admired the UL every time I walk pass it. 

Union League is members only private club. they have a strict dress code policy. Jeans, sneakers, t-shirts, etc are not permitted on the 1st and 2nd floors. Men are required to wear jackets in the dining rooms. Whenever I walked in and out of the hotel in my jeans, I definitely felt self-conscious. Also, there just weren't many young people at this place.

The room is spacious with a King sized bed. but its a shame that they don't have a bathtub! But i liked the plush bath robes that they provided. For some reason i wasn't able to detect the WiFi so I had to plug in the LAN cable.

In addition to the continental breakfast fare, the  breakfast has an omelet and waffle station. The chef is a sweet man. Each morning he'd brighten up my day by giving me generous compliments and making me a very delicious salmon omelet. In general, the staff here seemed to appreciate seeing a young woman in  a precinct thats predominantly white professional male.

The winner for me is their snack bar, which is replenished 24 hours. There's a big bowl of roasted mixed nuts (no peanut), What Thins, pretzels, fresh fruits, yogurt, fruit juices and hot drinks. Very convenient when I'm experiencing the munchies. and I love my almonds, hazel, brazil, cashew and walnuts.

The gym's pretty decent. They have LifeFitness cardio machines: 4 treadmills, 3 ellipticals, 4 stairmasters. There is also a selection of weights machines, not extensive but good enough for a hotel gym. There's also the free weights section as well as the stretching section with Swiss balls in assorted sizes. The trainers are very friendly and always ready to assist. I love how they have available headphones for you to borrow so you can watch CNN while using the Elliptical. The locker room has a sauna and a massage room. And I really appreciate the available t-shirts, shorts and socks for me to change into. Very handy since I forgot my gym clothes. And they have toiletries available too so you don't have to bring your own. Even curling iron and hair spray and spray deodorant.

Expect everything to be very old world formal. Snooty? Yes.
If you were born anytime after 1970 I would recommend not staying here.  Unless of course you ALWAYS wears slacks and a jacket.  The dress code policy;

"Dress Code: Dress Code: It is the intention of the dress code to provide guidelines within which each Member is expected to demonstrate discretion and good judgment. It is the responsibility of each member to conform to the dress code and to ensure that family members and guests do so as well. All children in the League House are expected to be appropriately attired, and children over the age of twelve are required to conform to the dress code.

For men: Jacket and collared shirt are required at all times on the first floor members-only section of the League House. Jacket and tie are preferred.

For women: Dresses, blouses and skirts, or pants suit are appropriate attire. Pants should be tailored and are acceptable when worn with a jacket or other garments which would be appropriate if worn with a skirt.

Exceptions:

    1862 Dining Room and Bar - Jacket required.  Jacket and tie are strongly preferred.
    Breakfast - Business casual attire is acceptable in Founders and Café Meredith for breakfast only.
    Private Dining/Meeting Rooms - Business casual attire is acceptable in private meeting rooms and for private dining events.
    Summer Dress - Except in 1862 by Martin Hamann and the bar business casual attire may be worn throughout the League House from Memorial Day to Labor Day.

Business casual attire: Defined as a collared shirt and pressed slacks for men and comparable attire for women.

Unacceptable Attire: The following attire is never acceptable on the first or second floors of the League House: jeans, denim wear, tee shirts, athletic wear, tank, halter, or jogging tops, untucked shirts, wrinkled clothing, shorts, baseball caps, sneakers, extremely casual or beach footwear.

Members and guests staying at the Inn of the League or using the Fitness Center may enter and leave the League House in attire that would not otherwise comply with the rules of the House Committee only to go to or leave from the Fitness Center or the overnight rooms only by using the Sansom Street entrance and the elevators to and from the overnight rooms.

Saturday and Sunday: Business casual attire is acceptable on Saturday until 5:00pm and all day Sunday in the Café throughout the year."

The only phrase that comes to mind is "Attire Nazis"

I was denied being able to use my breakfast vouchers, because I didn't bring any attire to meet the above criteria.  I was on a work trip and needed access to the business center, forget it, denied, Nice.  I was directed to another computer that I could use.  I was unable to print from this computer so it was useless.

Additionally I prefer to take the stairs to the elevator.  That is not allowed.  You must take the stairs, I wonder if they enforce this when there is a fire as well...

The WiFi was spotty at best but the wired connection is quick...  Except that they block your access to certain websites, thanks for that. I love it when people make decisions for me because it must be in my best interest, yay!

The rooms are quite nice.  Spacious and have the feel of the turn of the century.  I really liked the rooms, quiet and solidly built.  Not your average drywall and cookie cutter construction found in most new hotels.

Was surprised the the TV service isn't HD.  Nice flat screens, but the picture in SD does not do them justice.

When they say "Convenient parking at the Midtown Garage, 1415 Sansom Street, located directly across from the entrance to the Inn."  What they mean is that you can pay at the parking garage across the street at a slightly discounted rate:(

I can see that there would be a certain type of person that would like to stay here, see grandparents, but it was definitely not for me.  I would never stay here again.
What's there to say? No better than the run of the mill Holiday Inn, but full of rude staff, a pretentious air, and the thinnest walls on this side of Schuylkil. Not impressed. 
Breakfast service is also weak. Don't be a woman, person of color, or young adult on this establishment, they will harass you every morning. They go above and beyond to accommodate every 50+ year old white man who gives a wave of his hand, otherwise, good luck. 
My room was 'clean' but there were foreign hairs all over the bathroom floor, and the linen were very clearly as old as the statue of Franklin. 
Final straw for me was the dress code. If this establishment was not a 2-Star, half assed, horribly run hotel, I could respect this need for business dress; however, considering all the aforementioned flaws, it seems absolutely silly to enforce a dress code.
What a "stuffy" place. The staff wasn't overly welcoming most times. The rooms weren't very updated. The closet and bathroom were big (outdated) while the bedroom was small. They have way too many rules regarding what you can and cannot do in regards to your apparel. Would never stay here again.
The Union League itself is awesome as you can just feel the history as you walk around.  The Inn is ok but, just ok.  Very noisy rooms with all the sounds of downtown Philly at your disposal.  The rooms are nicely appointed though a bit dated.

I was tired on night one in town and had work to do so, just ordered room service.  Burger, lobster bisque, caesar salad.  The salad was ok with at least a reasonable facsimile of caesar dressing.  The bisque was quite good with a ton of lobster, including an entire claw, in along with the soup.  The burger was cooked to the temperature asked for but there was no salt, pepper, mayo, mustard, ketchup, etc. included on the tray with the order which I didn't notice till after the server was gone.

Overall, the Ritz Carlton a couple blocks away is a much better choice for lodging.
I recently had the pleasure of staying here for a few days while attending a conference. I think it's important to start off by saying that if you are looking for a "W" type hotel vibe or even a Westin vibe - stay elsewhere. This is a classic hotel; very lowkey. I would not recommend for families. My room was adequate - nothing to write home about but it served it's purpose. I will say that the daily breakfast was probably one of the best I've had in a long time. I looked forward to my egg white omlet every morning!

The space itself is very beautiful. Marble staircases, fresh flowers through out, libraries, high ceilings - all very impressive. The conference rooms were unique to any other hotel space I've been in and, as others have mentioned, 1862 was quite an enjoyable experience. Everything from the bread basket to the Maple Bacon Ice Cream was great - I had to try that after reading the reviews. Also, overall, the hotel staff could not have been more helpful/friendly. The servers really knew the menu and were quick to recommend dishes, which I can appreciate.
I stayed at The Union League for one night while on business in Philly.  The League was founded in 1862 and the building has some impressive and elegant architecture.  While charming, I could see how it might not be everyone's cup of genteel tea.  

My room on the third floor was spacious and had a historical feel thanks to the high ceilings, patterned wallpaper, and heavy tassels on the curtains.  It was perfectly quiet during my stay.

White terrycloth robes are supplied, and the closet was one of the biggest I've seen in a hotel.  The TV was an older model (and small), but the picture was fine.

As others have mentioned, there is a dress code for the 1st floor and specific details are provided on the hotel's website.  You don't have to worry about wearing jeans, flip-flops, etc., on the ground floor, however.  This is the same level as the fitness center, check-in, and the Samson Street entrance.  However, if you eat in the dining room (for the complimentary breakfast or otherwise), you need to be in business attire (business casual or better, depending on the time of day).

I can understand why the Inn won't let you under-dress for breakfast.  The dining room is quite fancy.  The complimentary breakfast was very nice.  My only gripe is that their oatmeal was more akin to soup.

Take the time to wander down the hall after breakfast.  There are several oil paintings from the late 1800s worth checking out, with some pieces by early-American landscape artists.

Their fitness center was fabulous!  Tons of equipment, all in great shape, and plenty of room.  Loved it!

Parking is available across the street from the entrance on Samson Street in the Midtown Garage for $25.00 per night.

While I didn't have much time to enjoy the surroundings, I gotta say that the Inn is in a great location!  It's so elegant and cozy, I'd definitely stay here again
I stayed here overnight during a conference. The decor is very elegant and detailed but the hotel itself is quite aged. The rules relating to attire and electronic use still exists and it makes the stay less than ideal. While I am routinely dressed in a manner which allowed me to enjoy breakfast or a meal on the third floor, it is a bit frustrating to think have to be in a sportscoat(male) or business attire to eat breakfast. 

The fitness center is one of the best I have seen particularly at an establishment which hotel rooms. There are shirts, socks, snacks, water, hair items (from ponytail holders to curlers).  You could not ask for better equipment to use. I really wished my stay was longer for the workout facilities alone. 

The bellman staff were useless and the front desk agents seemed a bit distracted during both check in and check out. I found this surprising for an Inn this small. No one asked about the parking so I walked across the street only to be sent back to the hotel for validation. The Inn does not offer parking so you must park across the street. The lot offers in and out privileges for $32 per night.

Would I stay here again, no. But it is not a bad place. ...... The "RC" is in the next block and it definitely a better option for the price paid.
I would have given The Inn at The Union League 5 stars if it weren't for the noise at night... I quickly discovered why there were ear plugs in my room.  I know that the noise had to do with being in the city, but it was rough to sleep.  I think we stayed on the extra noisy side where trash was picked up around 3:00am every morning for what seemed like an hour.

Other than the noise this hotel is fabulous.  The gym is amazing, the beds comfortable, rooms clean, and breakfast delicious.  There is a dress code on some floors of this hotel, so if you plan on staying here make sure to pack appropriately.  In addition to the amenities this hotel is located right in the heart of the city!  

If you are willing to pay a little extra this hotel is great option for a Philadelphia trip!  :)
I was shocked by my stay here.  I came for a wedding weekend and felt that I would have had a better experience at a a Holiday Inn Express down the street.  My hotel room left me feeling absolutely disgusted.  There was hair all over the bathroom, on towels and heaped on the floor.  The headboard had HUGE dust bunnies hanging off the front of it.  The next morning I go to breakfast and the service was clearly that of people motivated to get the back of the house or communal tasks done, but not actually to serve the people.  I was asked and ordered orange juice, only to have to ask a different server 10 minutes later.  This happened multiple times with different members of our group.  Then another table must have requested tabasco sauce, which we had on our table.  The server comes over between two of our members and takes it, there was no "Are you using this?" or even "Excuse Me."  They need to find a different way to motivate the staff because it did not meet basic service expectations.  Do not waste your money by staying at this hotel, you will only be disappointed and potentially disgusted.
The Inn at the Union League is the very definition of old-world, old-money. I expect its regular members are those whose families have graduated from Exeter or Eton for generations. Think Dead Poets Society types. The general dress code is pretty formal. You're expected to wear at least a jacket in all areas except for the fitness center.

My room was an incredibly spacious suite. Very traditional decorations. The beds were comfortable; TVs were modern flat-panel screens. Nice bathrobes. I had limited interaction with the front-door staff but they were pretty courteous. They don't have wi-fi in the rooms though; only a wired connection, which was a problem since I wanted to connect my iPad. The business office has lots of computers available.

The morning breakfast is fantastic. Huge variety of offerings from cereals to oatmeal, sausages, bacon, home fries, croissants, muffins, pastries and so on. Plus, a made-to-order omelette station. The chef on duty was very professional and quick with orders.

Lastly, the location in downtown Philadelphia is great for venturing out in the evenings. I'll definitely try to book The Inn next time I'm in town for business.
Just a short walk from City Hall and the Convention Center, The Inn at the Union League provides easy access to the central city, including cafes, restaurants, and interesting shops.

Staff members were all friendly, helpful, and courteous. They made me feel at home immediately. The breakfast was  in the main part of the Union League building, beautifully appointed. For the reviewers who were turned off by the no electronics in the dining areas rule, just pick up a newspaper or a book. There's something to be said for disconnecting from technology and connecting with your own thoughts (or fellow humans) while enjoying a meal. 

Other reviewers note their disdain for the dress code. If you're in Philadelphia on business and are in a line of work that requires you to dress up, then you will fit right in here. This likely is not the place if you're a casual leisure traveler who's not already packing tailored business clothes. 

The rooms are big enough, and there is ample space to spread out. My only complaint was no wifi in the rooms. The workout facilities have brand-new equipment, and there is a convenience bar on the 4th floor with snacks, drinks, and magazines and newspapers.

Toiletries offered are Gilchrist & Soames (same line as at the Mandarin Oriental), and there are plenty of towels, in addition to two robes, in the room. 

It's just a block away from the Bikram Yoga studio, so if you're a practitioner, you'll have just one sweaty block to go.

This will be my hotel of choice for future Philadelphia trips!
We stayed there recently while attending a wedding in one of the (incredibly impressive) function rooms.  I don't remember the name, but suffice to say that it's the one with the chandelier the size of my living room at home.

Our room was nice.  Basic, but everything executed in the manner of an older, expensive, private residence, tastefully done.  Example:  Although the bathroom lacked a tub and bidet, it was spacious, and the tile work was beautiful, with large marble slabs enclosing the shower. My wife, an expert in theses things, also commented on the excellent cleanliness.

Four and not five stars?  No onsite valet service, precluding a quick press for my suit.  No onsite beauty parlor so my wife had to go out for her nails although the concierge was helpful in arranging that, even though I had to speak with her on the phone (dress code)  and she worked with out a tip.  No bellman to escort us to our room made for a motel like arrival.  The breakfast buffet was good, with attentive service in a beautiful setting, but there was no smoked salmon or scrapple (in Philly?), and limited fruit.  I was impressed with our busboy, a twenty something young man who had a real reverence for the place, it's history and art works.

I'm going on and on, but this place (Union League) has to be seen to be believed.  Filled with original oils, some by artists whose names even I know (Rembrandt Peale), it can only be described as majestic.
This hotel is very nicely appointed - the room was small but very comfortable and had a large bathroom for the size of the room. However, what a stuffy place! During breakfast I was checking my voice mail and the waiter swiftly brought me the card stating their no electronic devices policy in common areas. There was also an issue with my bill - for some reason, it did not reflect the corporate negotiated rate for that evening. I was able to straighten it out at the front desk without too much trouble, but still, not quite the level of service one expects from a four star hotel. I was far more pleased with the Ritz Carlton around the corner. If you are an old WASPY dude with an attitude, you'll feel right at home here, though.
A cozy place, but nothing special. Oh maybe the organic fruits in the kitchen. 
Stayed there for one night. The parking garage across the street is convenient. If I am right, the parking fee is $32 overnight for member.
I stayed at the League last night and had a wonderful time! All of the staff members were very helpful and friendly. Their beds were a lot more comfortable than I expected and the old decor was great to see. With the stay came a complimentary breakfast in the morning, which was delicious and parking in their garage next door. Although I am giving The Inn 5 stars there are some minor things that could be touched on. For one the mirrors in my room were cleaned poorly and were covered in streaks. I also wasn't a fan about how pushy room service was. We were scheduled to check out at 12 but we received two knocks at 9:30 and 11:15. It would have been nice if they just waited until 12 to check instead of making us feel rushed.
