This location can't be beat! The Hyatt at the Bellevue is located smack dab in the middle of Center City. It's near a ton of great shops / bars / restaurants.

If you ever end up stranded inside a hotel, then this is one the better hotels to be stuck at. Incase anyone was wondering.... yes, we were stuck inside this hotel for the better part of a few hours. I was in the neighborhood for a surprise engagement party and didn't want to risk being seen for a few hours. I guess being quarantined in a hotel bar is not the worst thing. Especially when that hotel bar has a decent happy hour and strong cocktails. My only complaint was the food menu - the cheese plate was teeny and didn't have any bread and our cheesesteak sliders also had a minuscule amount of cheese. But, still not terrible especially thanks to those cheap drink specials. 

The room was clean, modern and spacious and we had big airy windows that overlooked the city. The bed was abnormally low to the ground which I thought was kind of strange. Otherwise all was good.

If you plan on bringing your car just be aware that parking is not cheap. Self park is $35 for 24 hours and valet is $45 for 24 hours. The lot is right next to the hotel and there are plenty of spots, so self parking makes the most sense.

I live semi-close to Philly so I don't stay in the area overnight often, but in the event that I need to stay again I'd revisit The Bellevue.
This hotel reminds me of that "turn of the century" grand style and elegance.  The location is awesome, in the heart of the city center and right on Walnut Street.  The set up is very odd, however, with the registration desk on the 19th floor adjacent to the XIX Nineteen restaurant.  From the palatial windows, you get a breathtaking view of the city.  The concierge desk is on the ground floor where you are greeted by a grand sweeping stair case.  The floors are some type of aging mosaic petit tile flooring, which are absolutely beautiful.  And an extra nice touch is all the beautifully displayed orchids.  

The health club is awesome.  I high recommend taking advantage of the spa services at Pierre & Carlo Salon & Spa and it's nice to be able to visit The Shops at Bellevue.  And the ball room is truly amazing.  Hotel staff is good, too.

The guest rooms are huge and formally decorated.  The rooms have all the typical amenities plus nice designer toiletries.  The wallpaper is a little colorful and has a Victorian feel to it.  I just feel like the rooms are a little worn and tired and could benefit from a refurbish.  In spite of that, I had a very nice stay.
The only thing great about this hotel was the location. For $400+ a night (weekend rate) it was not worth it. It's a maze of a hotel. There were different elevators that went up to different levels. Only one elevator was working to go to floors 14-19. There was a large wedding going on on a Saturday night, it took us literally 25 minutes to get down to the first floor. Could not find a stairwell. Then we had to crossover to multiple elevators and floors just to get to the gym. The gym closes at 7 pm on weekends, which they should have mentioned upon check in. By the time we got to the gym because of the elevator situation, it was about to close. The gym had a lot of equipment but was nothing special or luxurious. 

Our hotel room was old (the door to the closet looked like my freshman year dorm room's door and I lived in a decrepit building). The lighting in each room was awful. Our mini refrigerator did not work so I had to call the front desk. They brought up a spare one, but it made a buzzing noise the entire night. The bathroom was incredibly small. The bedding also seemed old and was not comfortable. Maybe we got stuck with an older room, but would not stay here again. It felt more like a 3 star hotel than 4 star. Oh and lastly, coming back from the bar at 2 am, they closed off multiple entrances. It was very cold outside and we had to walk all the way around to find how to get back into the hotel.
Incredible.  We stayed here over Thanksgiving while visiting the fam in Philly.  Room was charming, in an old school kind of way.  Service was out of this world.  They brought us oysters after hours, even though oysters were only on the daytime menu and the "oyster guy" had left.  Drinks were delicious.  We bought them at the bar and brought them up to our room.  Best mojito ever.  (I'm a connoisseur.)  We mentioned that we needed some water to the bartender, and he gave us multiple HUGE Voss waters for free.  Additionally, they knock on your door at night and drop off bottled water.  I am always so thirsty when I travel, so this was fantastic.

There is no wheelchair ramp here, and the valet guys carried our baby and stroller up and down the stairs multiple times a day.  They treated her like a baby princess.  I love them for that.

The location is great.  It's just steps from all of the swanky Chestnut and Walnut street shopping.  Hands down, the best place to stay when visiting Philly.
The Glitter City Gala - Philly's Hottest New Year's Eve Party-False Advertising and NO CHAMPAGNE- 
So I spent almost $200 for a New Year's eve ticket tonight to go to the Bellevue Hyatt to celebrate New Year's Eve. They're advertising is false because there is no champagne it was Asti Spumante which is the cheapest most disgusting sparkling  beverage you could ever drink. I did try to get champagne and was unsuccessful. The mixed drinks were disgusting and they use the cheapest liquor that is available. The food was fair.The money that I paid to have VIP status was insane and it's sad to say that I am in the military and even though I'm used to Austere environments, This made a deployment look like a luxury location. I will never go there again and I was so incredibly disappointed with everything. It's hard to even give them a one star.  I want to give them no stars.
Hyatt at The Bellevue is a great hotel. The only caveat here is that you MUST request a renovated room. Not all rooms are renovated yet, so write that you explicitly need a renovated room when making the reservation.

We got upgraded to a suite that was HUGE. The suite had a little kitchen area and a balcony overlooking the central courtyard. The building is on the older side, which is an advantage, as the construction is better and not cookie cutter - this means the rooms are always quiet and you cant hear your neighbors, which I appreciate.

Anyway, I really liked this hotel. It is in a pretty central walking location - Penn Campus is 25 minutes, Liberty Bell is 25 minutes Walk, and Rittenhouse is about a 10 minute walk. The staff was always friendly and eager to help when needed (mainly AA lost my bag but the staff made sure to contact AA to get the bag delivered).

The gym was great too. The hotel doesnt have their own gym but contract out with a members only club attached to the building. This worked out for us as the equipment and facilities were a lot nicer then any other Hyatt I have stayed!

Breakfast buffet was so so, but they do give a $25 credit a person if you opt out of buffet. I recommend doing that as the buffet wasnt the best.

Overall, we had a great stay here and will stay here again.
We are only half-way through out stay; but, it's been five star service all around. Jerrylyn has been in touch with me via email, to make sure we had a rollaway bed, and, a sweet treat of chocolate-covered strawberries and water service for our early arrival on Monday.  We met Jerrylyn in her office;and, she's as pleasant and professional in person as she is via email.

Tenekia worked a miracle checking us in, as there was quite a crowd in the small lobby and she was the only one working the reception counter.  She was helpful, fast and professional, always with a smile.  She provided us a map of the city, so we could get a jump on our plans with some sightseeing in the afternoon.  Taylor was very helpful the day the city closed for bad weather too!

The room we have is enormous; and, preserved most of the old-world charm of the original hotel, while integrating modern conveniences like a flat-screen tv, charging stations, a coffee bar; and, dimmable lights around the room.

Complimentary wi-fi is fast enough for Yelp, Facebook, email and even videos.  The hotel is situated quite close to downtown; and, offers views of the spectacular City Hall, which is just down the street.

The building offers a lot, with a food court, high-end shops, multiple restaurants, and of-course, the hotel. We've enjoyed everything about our stay so far; and, have nothing to complain about.
Imagine, if you will, a stay in a luxe hotel with wonderful linens, huge towels and high end toiletries in a room that exudes old world charm. Imagine this lovely setting being shattered by sewage in the bath tub. Ah, yes, I played out this scenario at the Park Hyatt during a recent stay.

Two nights in a row I awoke to water that, somehow, bubbled out of the toilet bowl onto the travertine floor of the bathroom. In addition to the toilet, on the second night, there was a black ring around the bathtub drain where gray water had backed up through the drain. On top of all of this, upon returning to my room in the evening after reporting the first unfortunate toilet incident (12 hours earlier), the room had not been touched by housekeeping. How could a hotel that prides itself on service allow this to happen in the first place?

Yes, there is turn down service. Yes, the public rooms are the grandest in Philadelphia. Yes, I was offered to change rooms.  Although the staff comped my breakfast, that was all that was offered.

Alas, I shall NEVER return to the Bellevue.
Just fabulous...and a cool hang out. The bar area on the 19th floor was really kinda' swanky, without the attitude. Really impressed with the service and the surrounds.
Kudos to Philly for having such a nice place to relax and hang out.....
Ironically I stayed here over 10 years ago when it was the Bellevue Stratford Hotel.  At one point it was a turn of the Century hotel and has a lot of Old World charm.  When Hyatt bought the place ten years ago, they apparently left a lot of the elements alone, but added a tiny modern update to the main bar/dining room/lobby checkin in on the 19th floor.  This is not your sleek, modern, minimalist hotel so if you are looking for something trendy and such, look elsewhere.

You'll find here a certain charm here and the service was prompt, fast and polite.  I came back to my room to find turndown, refresh service occurring.   You rarely see this type of service anymore, but when you do it is nice to see a hotel provide it.  Beds are comfy, sheets are clean, and the air conditioner/heater works.  What more can you ask for in a great hotel?
This is a swanky little joint!  I was there for New Year's Eve and the rooms were like ones you would see at a boutique hotel, it was very nice with personality.  

The bar was nice with bartenders that were very cool!  We had a great time!
Finding a decent hotel shouldn't be so damn difficult.

I'm normally a Loews hotel loyalist, but my trip to Philly coincided with some big convention, so the Loews Philly was booked solid.  Some online searching led me to the Hyatt at the Bellevue, which had the (seemingly) perfect combination of location and price for a 4-night stay.

The first thing that struck me when I arrived is that the common areas are gorgeous.  The building is from the turn of the 20th century, and it's blinged out with stunning chandeliers and ornate architectural details.  It's also on the corner of Broad & Walnut St, and you can't get more centrally located and convenient than that.

Other pluses:  The bellhops and front desk staff are very friendly and gracious -- not stuffy at all.  The hotel is built around the Bellevue promenade, so swanky shopping, a roomy Starbucks, and even some fine dining (including the Palm Restaurant and XIX lounge) are in easy reach, without even needing to step outside.  There's also a huge ballroom on the second floor, where lots of events are hosted.  Free wi-fi is available to Hyatt Gold Passport members (which I am one of, thankfully).

While the Hyatt has a lot going for it, the rooms are in need of some major overhauling, which really soured the overall experience of staying here.  Let's run down the reasons:

First of all -- the bed.  Hard as a rock, with springs poking out all over the place.  It was literally painful to sleep on.  (Helps to have a few drinks first.)

Second -- the decor.  The wallpaper was peeling, and the furniture was careworn as if a bunch of cats had been using them at scratching posts lately.  

Third -- the lights.  Half of them burned out.  At least I had the glow of my laptop screen to read by.  I tried to get housekeeping to replace the bulbs, but.....

Fourth -- the housekeeping.  What housekeeping?  It never came.  Each day, the housekeeping simply ignored my room.  I had to make phone calls to the front desk for extra towels and such, which really shouldn't have been necessary.

I'm not especially high-maintenance, and these things wouldn't bother me at some cheap roach motel, which the Hyatt at the Bellevue is anything but.

Crossing my fingers that the Loews will have vacancies next time...
We've stayed at this hotel a few times, most recently over New Year's eve. Overall, I would call the hotel so-so. Great location and great views, but sometimes the hospitality is so bad even a skyline can't make up for it. Most important to my decision is that I had an *extreme* allergic reaction to the sheets! When we told the front desk, they were pretty unsympathetic, and basically insinuated it was just from NYE drinking (I'm pregnant, so no. Just no). In a city FULL of hotels, you can't have crappy hospitality.

Pros:
-The hotel is gorgeous
-Convenient to some great restaurants (Max Brenner) and bars (Oscar's)
-The restaurant has spectacular views of the city. We didn't eat there, but went up so my husband could have a cocktail which he said was good.

Cons:
-The two elevators are ridiculously slow. Especially during crowded times of the year (NYE) you can expect to wait multiple trips until you can get on.
-Though gorgeous, the decor is a little dated (like others have mentioned)
-The room we stayed in had a really weird layout: the bed was very close to the door, so we could hear people in the hallway every time they walked by.

Overall, great if you're only interested in a good location (no frills), but otherwise you might want to check elsewhere.
We attended the Glitter City Gala at the Bellevue hotel for New Years Eve 2018/19. What a disappointment. It sucked so badly. First of all, the flyer says heavy buffet stations.... I would imagine a hotel like the Bellevue would have showed off their culinary talents but the only thing they served was some over done tortellini, and crappy ravioli... and the other side of the room you also have little rolls with your choice or turkey or roast beef sandwiches, ARE YOU SERIOUS??? This was worse than a regular cocktail hour, but there are no appetizers!! There is nothing- no cheese, crackers, veggies and dips, no lil wieners in pastry dough... no shmancy hors d'oeuvres I mean the food options and lack there of made us feel very cheated. Such a waste of people's money. You could have done a lot better with that. Plus it was so dark where they put the little food table, I didn't even know what was in the tray at first. The pasta was disgusting, reheated crap. Then later they set out some mini pretzels with dip, everyone digging their fingers in and double dipping, it was disgusting! So many carbs! It really sucked, I don't like to eat a lot of bread and pasta and that's all there was to eat... maybe I missed a room. I know the vip ticket gets sushi, but - No desserts? For New Year's Eve glitter city "GALA"...  call it something else, I guess I was expecting more of a reception type party,  for the money, more bedazzling- with long buffet tables of food and desserts.. stations with different types of appetizers and a feeling like you ate dinner... didn't get that experience! Despite the crappy food, Everyone seemed to have a great time, the pink lighting was really cool in the one room but left pretty bare in the other room, the drinks were flowing, I'll say I enjoyed the martini bar, though the third drink I had just tasted like cranberry juice and no vodka. 
I wish there had been a better selection of music, it was awful! at least play some dance music-- there was no pitbull, Black eyed peas, lady Gaga, not a lot dance music but there was a lot of hip hop I can't dance to, there was just not enough vodka in my drink. At the drop of midnight there was one little patch of balloons dropped on the crowd... people paid a lot of money for this shin dig, I think you could have covered more space maybe with two patches of balloons. 
All in all it was terrible, I couldn't even get my dance on and we basically skipped dinner it was so bad. ...prob the worse waste of money on New Year's Eve ever!! Be clear on your advertising! Don't say heavy Buffet stations, just say sandwiches! I can't believe there wasn't even cheese for the sandwiches how ridiculous. 
With all the wonderful restaurants, parties and clubs to go to, I was highly disappointed this fancy hotel was not so shmancy AT ALL! Whoever planned this party got paid, but really dropped the ball in regards to getting any value for the money collected so I will NEVER come near this place EVER again. Terrible! A lot of people felt very cheated. People should be allowed to take advantage of others like this.
This is the best hotel I ever stayed at!!! I grew up in philly and had my Prom here. For nostalgia returned to philly for a Birthday weekend. The staff really catered to our every need and never questioned our requests they just made it happen. Even at 3 in the morning when we asked to change rooms from a King to a Double. (We didn't want our friends drinking and driving so decide they should crash at the hotel with us.) They did it with a smile and no extra charge. As a customer I was the hotels number one priority. Everything everyone said in the below reviews are right on!!!
We had an awful experience at this property over this past weekend. 

During check in, we were sold a room upgrade and when we got to our suite, there was no toilet paper in the bathroom. None on the holder and none under the sink. Strike one. 

I started to unpack and found the previous guests dirty underwear in the top bureau drawer. Strike 2.

I called the front desk and told them we were headed out for dinner and I'd leave the drawer open that had the clothes that needed to be removed (bc I didn't want to touch them) and when we came back from dinner, I noticed they had accidentally take my toiletry bag when they removed the clothes....strike 3.  This was noe midnight and it took 3 calls to the front desk to find my bag and have it brought up

Next day, we leave the room around 10 am and head out. I came back from sightseeing at 2:30 and my room key didn't work (we had used my husbands the first day), I went to the desk and they handed me 2 new cards (without asking for any ID by the way). When I got to the elevator, I realized I had 2 cards and went back and asked if that meant they had deactivated my husband's card (he was still out sightseeing with friends). They said yes, they had.  I asked why they hadn't mentioned that to me, as my husband was out and now when he got back, his card wouldn't work and that would be an inconvenience for him. Ugh.

I go up to the room and it hasn't been cleaned. Strike 4.

I called down to ask why it hadn't been cleaned and spoke with an incredibly NASTY front desk agent named "Kaprina"  After a very unprofessional back and forth with her I asked for the manager, who she rudely told me would call me back.  Strike 5.

After 10 mins with no call, I called down again and got the manager and told her of the events of the night before and the added disappointments of today.   Not what you would expect of this level of a hotel.

Also, the entire time we were there (3 nights) we could not get the wifi to work. My husband got several different user names and even 2 access codes, which are meant to bypass the system and get direct access and none of them worked.  Strike 6.

They did comp us breakfast one day for the inconvenience, which in my opinion wasn't enough for all the aggravation. In short, stay somewhere else.  This property is understaffed and the staff they do have doesn't really care about making your stay a pleasant one.
The Bellevue Hotel is located across from Del Frisco's Grille and Cambria Hotel. This is a Hyatt hotel and is dog friendly, allowing up to 2 dogs per room, up to 50 lbs for a fee of $100 per stay. 

I came to this hotel with my husband and our little girl dog on a Tuesday evening, around 6:20 pm. There was a long line while we waited to check in. But the line didn't seem to move. Eventually an employee at the front desk apologized to those waiting and said that their system just froze and they are trying to reset it so that they can check in guests. My husband decided to switch places with me and wait in line while I sat on a couch with our dog. An employee, who happens to work the valet, came in and she went to the back and brought out water bottles. She began giving them out to guests in line and also those sitting in the lobby. However, she only offered a bottle of water to the gentleman in front and behind my husband in line and not my husband. Also she offered water to the person sitting on the couch with me but not me. That definitely seemed wrong and makes you wonder why were we excluded from being offered a water? 

After waiting another 15 minutes in line, we decided to leave and cancel our reservation and ended up booking a place to stay on hotels.com instead. I requested to speak to a manager so that we can cancel our reservation without any fees to pay since their system is not working. I didn't understand why it took so long to get a manager and it annoyed me that these employees standing at the front desk were doing nothing but just making small talk among themselves. So I ended up calling Hyatt and explained to the customer service rep over the phone about my situation and was assured that I would not incur any fees for making a room cancellation. 

Just waiting to try to check into our room was a bit annoying and rather not give this place my business, especially if I am paying over $200 a night. I would definitely choose elsewhere.
I stayed here for work trip.

For an old building, the rooms are really modern. Don't get fooled by the elevators' and hallways' old wooden finishes; once you step into the room, it's very 21st century. Room was roomy and I liked the office-style desk that was provided.

Nice ironing board and an okay iron. Excellent strong hair dryer. 

The only minor complaint was that you can hear people talking in the hallway. But you can't hear anything from the adjacent rooms. And I know I had neighbors.

My room included a buffet breakfast on the 19th floor from 6-10AM. Man, that was a good breakfast! If you get a chance, do go. They have fresh fruit, salami, assortment of cheeses, breads, cereal, everything. They really did a nice job with the breakfast items. It's $16 bucks if you pay separately and I think it'd be worth it.
I chose this hotel because of its proximity to the Academy of Music theater. It is very close and convenient to the Kimmel Center so that's a perk. 

It was somewhat tricky to find the valet parking upon arrival. There is a huge sign that says Bellevue parking but that's not the lane for valet. But I found the valet and he helped me...even from the wrong lane so thanks! :)

The lobby was a little underwhelming. One little desk with two people working but perhaps there is charm in this. There is a pretty staircase in the lobby that goes to who knows where?!?

We went straight to our room...oh there's no one to help with bags so I hope y'all packed light! The room itself was very spacious! Nice high definition TV! But the bathroom didn't have toilet paper on the roll and we had it do it ourself from looking for TP under the sink. There was a closet to hang clothes with robes and there a mini fridge! 

Unfortunately, the AC unit made noise all night long! Whenever it turned on/off..it made an alarming sound! 

We tried to "explore" the hotel but it was just ok to us. Beware there are specific children's hours for the gym so you can't bring kids after certain hours...you can't even sneak a peek. But we did find a Starbucks in the building! 

Long story short...yes it is close to the theater if you are visiting to see a show but next time I will probably try a different spot!
I came here for an event in one of the smaller ballrooms and this hotel was fantastic!  The ballrooms (and the hotel itself) are stunning!  The food was delicious, and the staff incredibly flexible and accommodating and helpful.

I cannot comment on a hotel stay, since I did not stay the night.  However, as a guest coming to an event that I was also volunteering at (for set up, etc.), they place was fantastic.

My only issue was the entrances.  It can get a little overwhelming if you accidentally go in on the side of the hotel where there are offices, a Starbucks, and shops. I came in that entrance and it took me a minute to figure out where to go and get my bearings.  Otherwise, it is a really cool and pretty building, right in the heart of the city!
UPDATE: Okay, so, it got knocked down to 2.  When we contacted Hyatt about the issues with the moldy bathroom, noise and shabby carpets, the representative just told us to book through her next time and we would get a refurbished room.  Nothing comped, no incentives to come back other than the offer of a different room next time.

So, take that as a warning, Yelpers.  There's a good chance you'll get an old, outdated, moldy room that isn't worth the cost, and the only way to ensure you get an updated room is to have a go-between that can arrange it for you.  Not acceptable.

ORIGINAL REVIEW: As has been said below, the architecture of this building is incredible, one of the most beautiful in a city full of beautiful buildings.  The public spaces exude a gilded age exuberance that is lacking in so many modern locations.  You feel like you're in and American Versailles when you're in the bar and restaurant.  The staff are exceedingly friendly, and truly seem eager to please. And the beds, oh the beds, how comfortable you are!

But pretty lobbies, nice staff and comfortable beds aren't exactly lacking in Philadelphia's upscale full service hotel scene.

Where the Hyatt loses out to its other neighbors is in the details.  The carpets in the hallways are worn and separating.  The walls are paper thin, exposing you to every sound in the hall and in your neighbor's room.  The bathrooms are hardly luxurious, being somewhat cramped with outdated fixtures and moldy caulk and tiling.

The above criticisms could be expected and overlooked in a roadside chain hotel catering to travelers looking for a place to spend the night.  They cannot, however, be overlooked on an upscale hotel in Center City Philadelphia that has the corresponding upscale Center City hotel price.

So, three stars for comfy beds, pretty spaces, an excellent bar and restaurant, and a great location, although lacking the amenities one would expect at a Hyatt flagship property.  I really wish there was a 2.5 star option here, as I don't want to say it was A-OK, but I don't want to knock it down to a 2 either.
This used to be my go to hotel in the city of Brotherly Love but my last stay was like spending a night in the ghetto. Hotel staff woke my wife and I at midnight by pounding on the doors and calling the room phone incessantly. The issue? They'd screwed up by booking us into a suite instead of a single and decided to make an issue of it midnight. AWFUL! Worse, GM seemed to think the solution was for me to simply let the Cro-Magnon enter my room. After 20+ years of faithful Hyatt rewards membership when I called to cancel my platinum level rewards account, the answer was "ok". And that is the state of the Hyatt Nation and one of their marque properties.
My husband and I had to find a hotel quickly because of the storm system Hercules. We were going to stay at the Double Tree, but they were completely booked because of a convention. COMPLETELY booked?  We didn't want to spend much, but the Hyatt Bellevue was right around the corner. The price was a bit steep but the room was gorgeous, large king sized bed, flat screen television, and marbled floor bathroom. The view of Philadelphia was absolutely breathtaking!  We really enjoyed the connecting parking garage- but be advised that if you check in after 9:30 pm you cannot enter the hotel from the garage's connecting breezeways, you must enter through the lobby, a bit inconvenient considering it was below 20 degrees outside (snowstorm).  I hope this review was helpful. We highly recommend staying here in you're in the Philadelphia area!
Service is really bad.  I am a Hyatt Diamond member and have never experienced anything this bad in my travel experience.  Management issues must be addressed.
I travel a lot and have almost always gone to Hyatts (I've been a diamond/globalist for years now). This was my worst experience in a hotel. 

Before arrival, I received a call and voicemail asking me to call back and confirm the reservation. Weird, but okay, I called. The guy who picked up seemed to be in a very bad mood and told me he has no idea what I'm calling about and I should just check in when I get here.  Rough start but whatever, maybe something got mixed up over there. 

We got into our room and noticed that there was very loud Jazz music coming through; right outside our window was the hotel ballroom, and a wedding afterparty was happening. That went on until about 11pm, when the musicians left and some weirdo was just slamming the piano keys or playing chopsticks. Nice. This is just how the hotel is designed however and I wouldn't fault the management for this, just beware fellow travelers if you get a room like that (half the rooms in this hotel will face the ballroom, the rooms across the halls are probably ok). 

We were told that there's water and amenities in our room; there was none. I called and the same upset sounding guy with a lot of vocal fry in his voice answered. I'd ask him a question and after a long pause he'd say 'yes certainly sir' with the most non-genuine irony that is humanly possible. I felt bad for calling like I disturbed his peace. 

This hotel was OUT OF TOOTHPASTE AND SLIPPERS. That had to be a joke, right? Nope. No toothpaste or slippers. The next morning, some kind of message started blaring on speaker system saying 'EMERGENCY SITUATION RESOLVED'. The thing is, we never got an emergency warning, just this loud one saying it has been resolved. Then what's the freaking point of the message?

The employees at the restaurant on the top floor also had a poor attitude, they seemed to be very upset to be working there and that was reflected in the service we got. 45 minutes I was there and I never got any water (the breakfast was self-serve buffet style). 

Let's end this with a positive note. The wedding pianist outside our window was quite professional and I don't mind Jazz in the evening.
I booked this hotel because I thought it would be an old rustic and historical building that was renovated to modern standards. Hyatt typically has wonderful properties. But what I got instead is just a old crappy building that is in dire need of renovations. 

1. My room was stuffy and smelled like mold. I didn't see any mold but it just didn't feel fresh. Also, if you stay in one of the inside rooms with a view of the atrium, you will get zero natural light because there is very little natural light in the atrium. It's very dreary and depressing. 

2. My toiletries were not replaced when they ran out. This is a huge pet peeve because think about discovering that you ran out if shampoo after you already stepped into the shower. 

3. Walls are very thin an you can hear everything. I overheard personal alarm clocks, cellphone conversations, and was woken up at night several times by people walking through the halls. 

4. Service is pretty crappy. They are nice when they finally get to you so I am guessing the training is pretty good. But there a lot of waiting for them to get to you. Prepare to "hold" on the phone a lot. I think they are understaffed. 

I am giving them 2 stars because it's not a utter s-hole but I'll never stay at the hotel again.
Beautiful decor, fairly clean and extremely friendly and helpful staff. However, I believe my cons might outweigh the pros in this review. The rooms were extravagant and cozy (adjustable temperatures) which is great for this time of year. However, I felt as if I needed my winter coat just to roam comfortably throughout the hotel. It was easily a 15-20 degree drop right outside of my room. The "hot water" never went beyond luke warm. Mind you, I had a king standard, along with a friend that had the same and another friend that had a suite and we all had this same problem. When searching to warm up left overs from the upscale Nineteen restaurant (great food by the way), it was discovered that there wasn't one. That's when we were informed that there would be a $15 per day charge! I thought that was a little excessive. Also discovered that the food court was not open on the weekends, with an exception to about two out of at least seven restaurants. The shops were unimpressive and highly expensive, but i expected that. Overall experience, 2 stars. Pleasing to the eye, but the convenience was just not there. I probably wouldn't stay here again. The cold temperatures of the entire hotel made the experience less than desirable.
My wife and I were married at the Hyatt Bellevue in Philadelphia in June 2016 and couldn't have been more pleased with our experience. We decided to celebrate our 1-year anniversary back at the Hyatt Bellevue (a little early - the weekend of May 20, 2017). Also, we had a free night that we needed to use by the end of May so we thought it would be a perfect weekend getaway to celebrate our anniversary. We couldn't have been more disappointed with our experience. It almost felt like everything was done to make our stay as un-enjoyable as possible. I booked our room through World of Hyatt and then called the hotel directly to see if I could upgrade our room. I explained the situation and they were more than accommodating to upgrade us to a Bellevue Suite for an additional charge. I was super excited as this was going to be a surprise for my wife. I also called the hotel several times over the next few weeks prior to our stay to confirm (since I never received an email confirmation for the upgrade) that we would be getting the suite. Each time they informed me everything was good. I also asked about doing something else special (a special amenity - champagne, flowers, etc.) to surprise my wife for the anniversary. I offered several times that I was willing to pay extra for something special. Each time I was told by hotel staff not to worry that they would take care of everything and make it special. Additionally, about a week or so before our stay, I received an email from one of the hotel managers thanking us for staying at the Hyatt and asking us for our preferences regarding amenities, snacks, beverages, etc. I replied and sent an email with some of our favorites. The morning before we checked in, I received an email from another hotel manager indicating that there was an issue with the heating/cooling system and that we would not be getting the Bellevue Suite as promised. The manager offered a junior suite and assured me we would receive some nice amenities in the room when we checked in. When we did try to check in, our room wasn't ready yet which was fine. It gave us an opportunity to walk around the city and there was a festival going on at Rittenhouse Square. Before we left the hotel to go explore the city, we left our luggage at the front desk. But when we did eventually check in we had to ask about our luggage and it was brought out to us from a room behind the front desk. Most of the other better hotels I've stayed will always take your bags up to the room and have them waiting if there is a delay with the room check-in. When we went to the room (which was basically like a cave with no view) there were absolutely no amenities or snacks (not even some extra towels which we requested). I'm not sure why anyone even sent me an email asking about our preferred amenities, snacks, beverages, etc. if they were going to do nothing. It was a complete waste of my time to respond. So then I called the front desk to ask if they were sending anything. In about 15 minutes or so someone arrived to our room with champagne and chocolate covered strawberries. Then about 10 - 15 minutes later while we were having some champagne and eating the strawberries there was another knock at the door with a second delivery of champagne and chocolate covered strawberries. So clearly there was no coordination whatsoever.  In addition, early Sunday morning we were awoken by banging and singing/chanting outside of our room as someone was setting up for a party in the conservatory (which our room's ground-floor balcony faced). Before we checked out we had the buffet breakfast at restaurant XIX. The food was not great and the price was extremely high - $60 (with tip) for a buffet breakfast. Thankfully it was complimentary to make up for our unpleasant weekend stay. When we checked out later on Sunday I explained our experience to the same manager (coincidentally) and she apologized but then sighed several times and just seemed exasperated. She did offer to refund our Hyatt World points for the night we stayed but then I had to call and follow-up several days later since the points never appeared back in my account. Honestly, the points and the money didn't matter as much as our overall experience and the time we spent staying at the Hyatt that weekend. I would have gladly spent the points and the money for a nice enjoyable weekend. There wasn't one big thing that ruined our anniversary weekend experience at the Hyatt Bellevue, and if this was a normal stay it maybe it would have been ok. But every one of these little annoyances added up to a very disappointing stay. Even though our wedding experience at the Hyatt Bellevue a year ago was so great, this experience very negatively impacted my overall impression of Hyatt. I will definitely be rethinking whether we will stay at a Hyatt for our next special occasion.
If you are looking for an overly ornate hotel with over the top turn of the century decor look no further. 

Pros: Service was exceptional everyone was extremely kind and made me feel at home, one of the reasons I chose Hyatt as a preferred hotel. The location is amazing for exploring downtown Philadelphia, especially since the parking garage is at the hotel. Since I was here during a cold spell the attached food court was very convenient.

Cons: The halls are striped turquoise detailed wallpaper and the floors are also overly overly ornate blue, somewhat dizzying to walk down. The plumbing was unpredictable and noisy. The slightest noise in the hall can be heard in the rooms. Do not get a room overlooking the conservatory unless you are here for an event. You will hear all the music and be able to watch the entire event, slightly awkward when they are strangers.

If you are looking for old fashioned extravagance and are willing to accept the old plumbing and wall associated with it this hotel is for you.
Black Mold in the bathroom. We told the front desk and showed a picture, but they simply gave the excuse that they were planning renovation. This is clearly a cleaning issue... No remediation was made.. Just excuses.
When I go to philly I love staying at the Bellevue. It is perfectly situated near city hall, shops and restaurants. We walk everywhere and rarely need an Uber. 

Unfortunately this last time there we had a terrible experience. I tried to check in on line and get the "key" so that my phone would open the door. I got a message saying they would let me know when the room was ready, but I never got the message and in the end had to check in at the counter and get a physical key. 

The place looked a little run down and on check in was informed that all the restaurants in the hotel were closed. The fitness center was also closed although they had a small version set up in what used to be a room. 

To really kill it, they did not provide daily cleaning and the minibar was an empty fridge.  This used to be a high end, full service hotel and is now a limited service hotel that is slightly run down but still charging full service prices. I was very disappointed and next time I go to philly (in a month) will look for something else.
Fun fact: Did you know that Legionnaire's disease started right here at the Bellevue hotel? Look it up, it's a fun but also sad story. 
Anyways, stayed at the Hyatt for a work trip this past week. Hotel prices were insane for some reason, and it ended up being $250/night, which is pretty pricey. I guess I was expecting more luxury for that price. There are no robes and slippers in the room! And the bathrooms, though clean, lack any elegance (you kind of feel like you are in a days inn bathroom). Additionally, if you have an interior facing room, especially if you are on the 12th floor where the courtyard is, the sound is awful if they are having an event. It honestly sounded like there was a happy hour inside of my room. I contemplated asking to switch rooms, but I was so tired after a day of travel!
All of the employees we encountered were super nice, I think that may be a Philly thing too! Not sure if I'll choose Hyatt going forward, but the HUGE gym is definitely a perk. The wifi was ok, not great, not bad.
Booked the hypo allergenic room for a night. If you're a dorky asthmatic like me you understand. So I completely appreciate the fact that this hotel provides rooms with air purifiers. The room was clean and spacious, also very quiet. The decor is definitely dated but if you can look past this I think you would enjoy your stay here. Staff was friendly and helpful, even booked our dinner reservation for us. If you stay on a higher floor though you have to get off the elevator at a certain floor (I forget which one) and walk around what seems to be a maze to hop on the next elevator to your floor (beware if you plan on being intoxicated!). The restaurant on the top floor, XIX Nineteen, is a classy, delicious choice for din or drinks with an amazing view. Have stayed at a couple Hyatt locations and can honestly say every stay has been enjoyable.
Went to an event hosted here last night with some colleagues and was extremely disappointed with the service and the lack of professionalism.

The event was supposed to have "unlimited hors d'oeuvres" and a "premium top shelf open bar" and the event provided neither. Not only was the open bar understaffed, but also there was not any variety of choice within the same type of liquor and the alcohol was an extremely far cry from top shelf. The only vodka was Smirnoff and the only gin was Beefeater. While these are decent spirits, the advertisement was deceptive at best.

The hors d'oeuvres were not only not unlimited, they were barely existent. There were roughly 100 people waiting in line for over 40 minutes to get hors d'oeuvres which were subpar and did not provide the full menu that was listed prior to the event. Additionally, service stopped about halfway through the event with many people very hungry and extremely peeved, myself included.

In sum, if going to a meeting or event here make sure to eat beforehand and don't expect the open bar to be of high quality because if you expect food and drink at a food and drink event here you will be completely disappointed.
I loved this hotel, yet had some problems. Having ordered a room with two beds, I was very annoyed to find my room with only one queen. I don't know how a family of four is expected to sleep in a queen sized bed. However, service was fantastic, staff was always saying hello, and I have never been asked "How are you?" or "Is there anything you need?" so many times in one week. 

The room itself felt old-fashioned in style, almost like I had been in a 30's movie. Not only was it old fashioned, but it was small. However, it had everything I could need...and more (Who knew a shoe horn could be so useful?). 

The lobby was on the 19th floor, right off from the XIX restaurant. The hotel itself only took up about 5 or 6 floors of the 19 floor building. A Starbucks is on the first floor. 

Note: The taxi driver had no idea where the hotel was. Make sure to print out directions just in case. 

4 Star: Very fancy, exceptional staff, lovely room, and great location (right near city hall and the Kimmel Center), world-class fitness centre. 

Why not 5 Star? Getting a room we didn't ask for (at least we were charged accordingly), Lobby on the 19th Floor, and location hidden to taxi driver.
I was here for a work event the other day and was truly amazed at this place. Not only is it beautifully kept, everyone was awesome and super attentive. There were also tons of things to munch on which was awesome as well.

All the staff I encountered were polite and helpful which is not always the case; I'd definitely consider hosting an event/staying here!
We stayed at The Bellevue for the Eagles parade.  Unfortunately, there was an issue with our reservation which had mistakenly been cancelled.  We wanted to thank Taylor E. for handling the situation with calmness and competency.  She took great care of us and followed up the next day to make sure the issue was solved satisfactorily.  Shout out to The Bellevue for having employees who care! 
BTW, our room and location were perfect. 
We have a daughter who is getting engaged and we will now definitely add The Bellevue to our list for possible venues.  
Thank you Taylor!
We won't be staying here again. After waiting 2 hours for our room to be ready, we had to accept a downgrade in order to make our dinner reservations on time. The receptionist hardly apologized and refused to credit the difference. We received a $50 credit on our room, which is almost impossible to use when you're there for one night. 

The downgraded room was still large and clean, but not what we wanted when we finally get 1 night away from the kids. The service could have been much better.
The hotel's name changed at the beginning of 2010 to just Hyatt at the Bellevue, so it's no longer in the Park Hyatt category but the service has still maintained the same level.

I've stayed here on several occasions, and the reviews are correct that the hotel is old, but it is definitely well maintained.  It has a historic look, with modern amenities like LCD TVs, dvd players, and upgraded bedding.

During all of my stays I received a complimentary upgrade for being an diamond gold passport member sometimes even to a suite, along with free breakfast and internet.  The breakfast at XIX is amazing, full breakfast buffet with omelet station and several choices for pastry/cereal etc.  

The same XIX restaurant is a great place to relax with a few drinks in the evening, maybe even grab a bite from their small plates menu. 

I'm not sure if the name change was  just a formality, but this is definitely one of Philadelphia's elite hotels.  The elevators are a little slow from the lobby because there are only 2 and the building has 19 floors, although not all are occupied by Hyatt.
Avoid.

Staying in this hotel was like living with layers of other people's incompetence. Who designed the room to make moving around itself a chore? Who made the decision to furnish it with a disparate collection of mismatched furniture, leaving huge gaps of unused space, and gigantic, soul-sucking televisions? Why didn't housekeeping remove dishes used by the previous guests? 

There are numerous cabinets where you might expect to find a bar or in-room snacks. Nope - they're just there to fill space. The artwork is meaningless and nonsensical - again, just placed so your eye isn't drawn to the vast expanse of empty wall. The main room of my two-room suite was this enormous monstrosity of pointless space - imagine taking everything out of your family room except for a huge TV along one wall and a couch along the other. I had hoped to get work done, but the "desk" area was partly occluded by an enormous TV I never watched. They bill the room as looking out into an "historic atrium," but what they left out was the near-total absence of natural light and the fact that the atrium itself is dead and uninteresting. The curtains to the Juliet balcony were completely closed when I arrived (just think about what that conveys to a guest when they arrive for the first time). I left them that way. 

I had hoped to feel comfortable in my room and able to get work done. But instead I felt driven from it and was eager to leave. Avoid, avoid, avoid.
My room reservation and confirmation was for deluxe city room view on a "high floor with panoramic city views." So imagine my disappointment when my room had only one small window with this obstructed view. How is this a panoramic view?!
Hyatt Hotels are super, DUPER nice.  While spending a weekend (Tuesday Wednesday) there, I had a lovely, luxurious time.  How come hotels don't ever have nice big bathtubs anymore?  Just sayin.  

It was really hot outside that week, so air conditioning was a plus.  Sometimes hotel air conditioners are more like humidifiers that spray bits of freezing water out of them.  In other words, they need to be replaced.  Not this baby!  Shit was for real.  The fridge was a nice size, too.  

The bottom floor of the hotel was a mall.  For all your Williams Sonoma needs/morning Starbucks coffee addictions.  But the (sixth?) floor was an AMAZING gym!  Omigod.  It was fabulous.  Free for hotel guests, had a pool, a huge cardio room, and the Buffy the Vampire Slayer movie with Luke Perry and Kristy Swanson was playing on the mini televisions on each machine.  WORD.  

Oh, AND, when Pat and I walked into the gym entrance, there was a press conference going on.  Since, like, everybody was watching this happen, we stopped and leaned against the wall for a minute or two to see what was up.  Then all of a sudden, Pat's like (under his breath, thank goodness) "Holy shit, it's Michael Vick."  Which it was.  Which is kind of cool for a celebrity sighting, but I didn't have my phone to take a picture, which would have made it cooler.  Plus I kind of hate the Eagles.  So all in all, it would have been way, WAY cooler if it were....oh, like Mike Chang from Glee (who we saw at the Apple store a few hours later).  

One bump on the starometer was for the room service.  Dessert is important too, le kitchen.  I'm talkin to you.  That was rude, giving me dessert like that for fifteen dollars and change.  But your fish and chips was delicious.
One of my least favorite conference/ hotel experiences! 

The staff was rude and absolutely unhelpful even for the most minor things! I walked in after checking out from my hotel, with my small carry-on bag, and requested I check it in at the bell desk while I'm at the conference, and they refused. First time ever I've heard a 'no' to this request I've made frequently at various hotels. 

The conference itself faced major issues with the hotel wi-fi completely conking out for a day to electric power issues. 

The service for the sit-down lunch at the conference was really slow and there just weren't enough people to make sure we got dressing for our salad or everyone on the table got served an entree. 

And then some more rude staff experiences that have little value in recounting, but worth making a note of..
I had no idea what to expect when my friend suggested we grab drinks for happy hour at the Hyatt.  I figured it'd be some booshy lounge like those found in the Meatpacking district in Manhattan.  I was completely wrong.  Once we made it up to the top floor to XIX, my breath was taken away.  The building ceilings were high and arched and the room itself looked like a period piece.  It was absolutely breath taking.  We grabbed a seat and ordered from a limited happy hour menu--$5 for fancy drinks, but unfortunately the happy hour only runs until 6PM.  I would rate this a five star, and the only thing holding me back from that is that I haven't actually stayed the night in the hotel.  I would want to see how the accommodations and service was before giving this the full five starts.  Otherwise, this is a MUST visit site, and a great break from the traditional dive bar happy hours.  I would definitely recommend this place!
the location of this hotel is great!  the amenities of this hotel could easily make this hotel to be the best of philly.  oh and the rooms are freaking huge!
I once worked at the starbucks on the first floor. I expected the hotel to wow me. Not so much. The room service was meh. The bathroom was standard. The best part was the comfy bed with a thousand pillows and the catalog of dvd's!
Based on points. 
Hyatt points with cash is affordable.
When available get free upgrades to suites and access to Gym. 
Rooms are spacious and very convenient to restaurants and bars in the area. Very close to center city, Franklin institute, and Chinatown. South philly is not too far away.
Historic and a philly gem.
Ive stayed here 2 times and can not forget food court downstairs and the palm and a bar
I really enjoy this hotel!! EXELENT service Amizing view !! Awesome restaurant !! Super nice staff !! Totally recommend !!
Not our first stay here.  But will probably be our last!!!!  Decided to stay in the city after a night out.  Doing the responsible thing.  Greater by no one because there was shit in the lobby and the night shift workers we're trying to find cleaning products.  Yes I said it!  Crap/shit/ fecal matter in the lobby.

We were in room 1606 and I was awaken by noise and conversations that sounded like it was in my room. Literally!!!  No sound proofing at all.  Then the housekeeper or front desk kept calling the room and hanging up to see if we left yet.  As a member I get late check out.  

Left this place so disappointed.  Terrible!!!!! I wish we would've ubered home it would have cost the same.  With the $35 parking fee.
Stayed here on a free nights award and don't think would have stayed if we had to pay or use points. The location was very central and nearby to most of the touristy attractions. Being that it was an award stay, the parking and breakfast were free due to being globalist. When we arrived it was weird that only one entrance was open maybe due to COVID. We had to drive down a shady street to enter the parking garage for the valet. 

We got upgraded to a city view room on the 14th floor. There weren't that many great views and once we entered the room reeked of cigarettes. There was a slight dampness to the room too. The beds were decent, the ac was loud, and the shower was warm. The exterior of the hotel looked elegant but the interiors were old and deteriorating. The carpets were also sticky. 

The breakfast was room service from XIX and allowed a $75 budget. It was a basic breakfast, nothing too special. The complimentary water was available at the front desk but you have to ask for it. If you go to the gym there are water bottles in the fridge. 

I think if you're looking for a no frills hotel that is central to all the local spots then go for it.
Great location right in the heart of the city. Front desk staff were very welcoming and offered us a paid upgrade to a suite which we accepted. Our rooms were very spacious but also very dated. The bathroom door would not close properly. When we requested dining glasses for our room they sent dirty glasses with water stains and dust. Two phone calls later they still never sent the promised replacements before we checked out the next day. Very large gym that you have access to but it is a bit of a hike and in the building next door. Great staff at the top floor bar and restaurant.
This is our goto place in Philly, if we are staying overnight.  Right in the heart of center city... within walking distance of so many great restaurants and attractions.

Hotel is massive, and we always seem to get a different room.

We've had some issues in the past, with the set up of the room (feels very bare), and how dated it can feel... but for the Most part, staff have been friendly and the hotel is clean and works for our needs.

On our most recent trip, we stayed in a room that seemed to have been updated.  Furniture and decor was much nicer, and the layout was much better.

Rates can fluctuate, but on the whole, a great hotel in a great location .
The location of the hotel is great, but even though it was just one night, it just seemed lacking in something.

We had an overnight stay, just because in October and I had never stayed there, so we ventured from our normal haunt for the Hyatt. The lobby is gorgeous, with the classy staircase and the marble accents. A sign of this historical building as it was built back n the day Check in was swift and painless. The attached garage made life easy as well.

The room was cleanish and comfortableish. It felt awkward in size and layout, like the designer wasn't sure how to fill the space. The closet was huge, a good sign, but a little oddly huge, like bigger then a closet at home huge. The bathroom was clean and spacious, though the shower curtain seemed to hang awkwardly, causing water on the floor.

Leftovers from the previous guest were still in the fridge. Didn't smell or anything but made you wonder what else the maids missed.

A quiet stay, we slept well, which was most important, but underwhelming.

FYI the bar and Restaurant were closed, so no thoughts there
Lots of history here. Amazing hotel in downtown Philly that pays homage to the Revolutionary period and is decorated in old period style (not the lobby but the floors upstairs). For those of you who are medical buffs, this is the hotel where Legionnaire's was coined. Cool, right?! Stayed here four times now and, as far as Hyatts go, it's pretty good. First time was for a conference about 5 years ago. What happened to me at that time is probably not entirely uncommon in huge city hotels -- my blank checkbook was stolen by a maid, who was dumb enough to write a check to herself and cash it. Caught her by googling her name and finding her twitter account. By this point in the review you must be wondering why I've given the Hyatt 4 stars. Well, they handled the situation REMARKABLY well. They apologized and gave us a voucher for a free weekend and a free meal at the Nineteen restaurant on the 19th floor. Absolutely delicious and wonderful. Treated so well. 

On return visits, we've experienced nothing but outstanding service at this hotel. On a recent trip, we were upgraded to a newly remodeled suit, which was completely ridiculous in terms of amenities and space. I don't think we even entered the living area more than once, but I guess it was nice to have that option. There's a Starbucks in the lobby, the location is stellar, Nineteen restaurant is great, and it's attached to a Williams and Sonoma. A great hotel.
I stayed here for a continuing education course and the hotel is right on Broad street. There is a Wawa right across the street (wahoo!). The hotel boasts of a comprehensive gym on the fourth floor...it is a huge expanse consisting of an indoor track, gym, spinning, yoga, boxing ring, etc. I was too lazy to enjoy any of the daily gym classes though. Nice, modern, clean rooms. My room was large and had nice views. On the 19th floor is a restaurant, XIX. The lobby hosts an assortment of shops, like Starbucks, Tiffany and Co, Wiliams and Sonoma, etc. Only gripe was the parking, $49/night! Ouch!
The bed and pillows were good. Next the bad. This place was extremely disappointing.  It was dark, shabby and our room was hot.  $400 per night and it was awful.  The closet door was broken. One of the drawers in the bar area fell out. Parking was $35 a night. Really sours me on Hyatt. Will not be back here.  Sorry to say I am a rewards member.
Staying here for work this week - 

$200/night for a king bed and reasonably sized room
Larger bathroom than normal, with a bidet (what's the point other than novelty?)
Very clean, doing yoga on the floor and they are keeping the carpets clean! 
Courteous service from room service and front desk. 
Tiffany's is downstairs!! Hard to beat that, except of course I can't afford to shop there, haha
Starbuck's is also just downstairs, very nice to grab coffee before heading out for 12 hour days. 

The shower: lately I've noticed hotels, even nicer ones, skimp on the shower size. Not these guys, you have room to turn around without falling out of the shower, and it's clean!
Parking- valet, which is priceless considering the insane traffic here. 

Haven't had time to take advantage of the location but from the map it looks like Chinatown is ten minutes walk away. I'd like to come back and stay here with my family and be a tourist for a few days. I like Philly and this hotel is giving Hilton a run for their money!

One weird thing: you have to have a t-mobile hot spot account to get internet in the hotel, which they charge you $10/day for. I happen to use tmobile anyway so added Hotspot coverage to my service plan for $10/MONTH instead, and will just shut it off after the trip.  I travel often enough, and this is the first time a hotel has required a third-party account before allowing me internet access. That's just making it harder than it has to be for your guests.   Other than that minor comment, I'm 100% happy with this visit.
The location is great!  The building is beautiful, historic, and ornate.  Good customer service.  Restaurant XIX was unique.  Nice fitness center.  
Unfortunately, the combined street noise and interior noise meant no sleep.  We were on the 14th floor, but it sounded like sirens, busses, and crotch rockets were coming in our room.  We could hear the underground subway below.  Party goers from the ballroom were loud until well after 1 a.m.  Thin walls meant sounds from adjacent rooms and hallway were constant.  Small children and babies in the hallway at 6 a.m.  
Disappointing to have our vacation spoiled by lack of sleep.
Great location. Huge rooms (mine also had a really big private patio). Good service.
Outside (corridor) walls and room doors certainly are sad and need some tender loving care.
I love this hotel. I used to live in Philadelphia and now come often for work and I always get so excited for my stay here! The service is amazing- Alicia and the front desk has been working a few times I have been here and she is always so friendly, helpful and accommodating. The location is perfect, great room service and most importantly and I adore the elegant, timeliness hotel rooms that I can't get enough of!
I recently stayed in one of their newly renovated rooms for business travelers. The room was lovely, spacious, had plenty of seating and work space, and a great view of the city. A full breakfast was included, which was a nice touch. The staff was helpful, the hotel was beautiful, and the food was great. The location is central and the price, although not cheap, wasn't ridiculous. Food was pricey, but not unlike most hotels, and at least it was good quality.
Truly a first rate hotel. Went there for my wife's birthday and they made it a memorable experience. We were given a suite upgrade on arrival to a beautiful arts suite which had a separate bedroom and common room with a dining room table and couch. There was also a stocked fridge and beautiful Parque floors. They were also kind enough to bring a bottle of wine and chocolate covered strawberries to my wife for her birthday.  The breakfast is on the top floor in a beautifully appointed room with great views.  The food was good for a buffet and had a la carte options as well.  The location is great.  We were in the heart of the theater district and blocks away from city hall and Rittenhouse Square and could easily walk to old town and the museum of art. My only bugaboo was the amount of time it took to valet for my car.  Would suggest this to anyone spending a night in Philly
So my experience with the Bellevue is a little out of the ordinary because the Bellevue was the site of my bridal suite and where my out-of-town family and friends stayed during my wedding weekend, so there's a certain beautiful surreality and moments of hysteria all tied up in my stay and my experience.  That being said, that my personal encounter with the Bellevue is, in light of this gamut of emotions all taking place relative to the hotel, essentially flawless, I feel like that fact is a reflection on the caliber of the hotel.  

I know that other reviewers have commented on the...let's call it more vintage-leaning aesthetic of the hotel and its fixtures, but I found this to be part of its charm.  The decor of the lobby and marble staircase is classic and ornate without being too uptight; the halls and rooms, reminiscent of a French shabby-chic (without being actually "shabby," although perhaps some might argue this as being more literally accurate) sort of appearance--think turquoise patterns and pink roses wallpapering the halls, crisp white linens and a delightfully soft hand-knit cream-colored throw on the bed, lilac-scented lotion and a peach-shaded silky-exteriored, cotton-lined robe hung in the lav, all very romantic-looking.  We had the fortune of being gifted the Mary Cassatt suite, and the Impressionist palette of the paintings hung in our room--think again pinks and turquoises and sky blues and sun-dappled brightness and light--echo throughout the suite and the hotel itself.  So yeah--this hotel is not about clean lines and ultra-modern, sleek, stark decor.  It's more of a floral, springtime-y, luxy, old-school classy, things-that-inspire-a-romanticized-Anthropologie or borderlining Sofia Coppola type Marie Antoinette-y sort of aesthetic.  

I had some guests make comments about thin walls/gaps around the door letting in sound and light/noise coming from the hallway or other rooms over the course of the evening.  In the case of the one guest, she called the front desk around 3:30 am, let them know there was a disruptive group hanging out in the ice room on her floor, and the hotel attended to this issue immediately, which satisfied my guest.  Let me also mention also that this same guest is very particular about the cleanliness of hotels--or anything--and she felt that the Bellevue actually passed muster in bed, bath, and floor.

The service I received throughout my stay was attentive and polite, from a) kindly humoring me as I entered the hotel in a rushy panic since we were due to be at the church in fifteen minutes and my fiance was back at the apartment searching frantically for missing cufflinks and I was running late while also running into relatives I hadn't seen in years and just sort of spinning around freaking out; b) friendly and prompt attendants helping us in and out of the hotel and hailing us series of cabs during a drizzly wedding day, as well as loading up car after car for our guests the day after; c) humoring my many telephoned-in front desk requests (cutlery?  toothbrushes? a large vase?)  and finally, d), granting us a late check-out so that we could actually enjoy our surroundings the next day.
1.  Clean and attractive, rooms are a good size, and nicely appointed.
2.  Overpriced for what it is.
3.  Parking is $28/day.  Ridiculous since the room is $200/nt.  
4.  Location is good depending on your activity in Philly.
5.  Bar on 19th floor has nice view of the city on the balcony, but its too dark to read the menu, service was slow (we had to wait quite a while for drink refills), and prices are high for what you get.  Still my friends and I had a good time hanging out.

Personally, I will look for a different place to stay next time.  It wasn't a bad experience overall, but I didn't find it to be a good value for the money.
Wow, was I impressed with this hotel!  

First off, the hotel is located in a great spot (corner of Broad & Walnut Sts.).  You're in the midst of restaurants, shopping, theater, and walking distance from historical entertainment and museums.  

Let's start with the entrance.  The first couple of floors is a concourse of some shops and places to get snacks.  I didn't have time to take a full tour.  The concierge was very friendly and quick.  When I got to my floor, WOW ... the hallway was so pretty.  chandeliers and really pretty blue and white wallpaper.  NICE!  

I get into the room ... SWEET!  Flat screen TV, really comfy bed, three window, a very clean bathroom with marble floors, a fridge that was fully-stocked with water and sodas, a mini bar, iron & ironing board, and more.  There is a timed heater in the bathroom above the bathtub.  The bottom of the bathtub also felt a bit cushioned.  It was nice =)  There was a scale, a magnified mirror, and really nice-smelling soaps and shampoos (Portico brand).  

This is my favorite Philadelphia hotel so far ...
I can't say enough good things about this hotel and the staff here.

I stayed here 3-4 nights every week for just over a year (business in Philly) and I was well taken care of EVERY SINGLE TIME.

I'm a Hyatt diamond member so I was often upgraded to a suite (enormous) and got complimentary breakfast upstairs - see my XIX review here:

http://www.yelp.com/biz/xix---nineteen-philadelphia#hrid:oWw5yvdWLldxJUjkvUCjiw

I was very touched on my last evening (when my job in Philly ended) at the hotel.  It happened to be on the same night as one of the quarterly 'Manager's Receptions' where frequent guests are invited to come mingle over snacks and drinks, and I was presented with a card signed by a number of the staff and a gift card!  

I will miss my fabulous Hyatt family in Philadelphia, and hope to get another gig in Philly someday so I can go back there.
Great location in the middle of everything! 
Super Clean! 
Friendly Staff! 
Parking lot with in/out privileges! 
Attached to nice shops and a food court in the basement! 
Includes state of the art gym use! 

Loses a star because the bathroom door in our room was broken. It stayed closed which is all that's important, but it appears to have been broken for a long time. 

This place takes a beating on Trip Advisor for being old. It is old, but I felt the rooms were updated and the amenities make it feel pretty modern to me. Not sure what they are complaining about over there.
This hotel was awesome.  Built in 1905 (or close to that) it had the old Philadelphia charm, but modern day service.  If you like the old, classic hotels, this one is it.  View was awesome looking out onto Broad St. and City Hall at night.  Definitely one of the classiest hotels around, without the Ritz-Carlton prices.  Front desk and concierge staff were friendly and helpful.  Easy check-in and check-out.  Definitely extra bonuses for being a gold passport member.  Definitely plan to stay there again in the future.
For a Park Hyatt, I expected MUCH better.  The staff and service were great (as I expected), but the hotel itself is not what I expected.  The lobby is nicely redone in a contemporary style, but the front desk is so small that only 2 ppl can work behind the desk at a time (i.e. waiting to checkout was not fun).  Understandably, the hotel itself does not take up the entire bldg, so I guess there really isn't a need to have too many ppl at the front desk when you don't have that many guest rooms.

The 2 elevators were extremely slow from the guest floors (it didn't seem so bad from the lobby).  However, they creaked the entire time they were moving and seemed to sway if someone moved within the elevator.  Uhm scary!

The room was large and the bathroom is nicely updated.  If you're into that "old world charm" that all the reviewers mentioned, this could be for you.  If you're like me and "old world charm" really means old and needs to be updated, then you won't be so impressed.  I am a fan of Hyatt beds, so at least you know the bed will be comfortable.

I guess since the bldg itself is old, the sound insulation is at a minimum - you could hear guests talking in the hallway and doors being "slammed" shut (if you let it shut on its own, it will slam loudly and echo down the hall.  While I understand that it's a hotel and ppl are coming and going, I was up at 2AM for a good couple of hrs listening to drunk ppl yelling down the hall at their friends in other rooms.  i guess for a hotel that does a lot of conventions/weddings, that can be expected as normal.

Housekeeping service was impeccable - despite being in and out of the rooms all morning, the housekeepers returned to clean up our rooms.  Not only did they do the "normal" housekeeping duties, but they also organized/straightened out all our items that were left laying around and in a mess.

Room service was also great - the staff is extremely helpful and quick.

The hotel is attached to the Shops at the Bellevue, so there's some shopping that can be done during your stay.  Also there is a Starbucks on the ground floor.  The XIV bar/lounge is also a nice place to get your evening started - drinks are average price for Philly.
Stayed here after a night at XIX (19-awesome restaurant) Staff was friendly, room service was a nice touch for a later than midnight snack. Rooms are a little outdated.
Grand location and setting with some updates worthy of note but within a couple days that charm wears thin.  Champagne toast to a new year upon arrival and suite upgrades for Platinum advanced planners (our room had fireworks views) is always a nice perk but comes at a cost of course.  

This is NOT a business hotel and although accommodating and comfortable with access to business district it isn't top notch service most travelers for business will be satisfied with.  I'd say the grandeur is perfect for tourists and location is central as well but the dating of the hotel is difficult to overcome no matter how many renovations are done.
Lovely quaint historic hotel; we enjoyed our stay here and "Lupita" at the front desk was a breath of fresh air with all her help and suggestions; a true delight to deal with.
Its a truly gorgeous property and right in the center of the city of Brotherly love.
We highly recommend a stay here.
This is a gorgeous hotel in a very convenient location to shopping and restaurants.  There are a lot of options for food and shopping inside the hotel, and even a nice selection of clubs and bars.
The room was spectacular. The cleanliness of the room was superb, and I'd love to know the scent used in the room because I'd purchase it as an air freshener for my own home.
We were there for a wedding weekend, and everything was spot-on. The ballrooms were architecturally interesting too. One really feels like they have entered into a piece of history when they enter parts of this hotel.
As a once-a-year traveler to Philly, had stayed here more than 10 years ago, but since switched to less expensive options in the same vicinity (Holiday Inn Express on Walnut and 13th to be precise).  Returned to the Hyatt this past week and enjoyed it.  Granted we got a good price on a suite, but it was not that much of a different experience than what we had in the early 2000s.  On this stay, had a complimentary use of the fitness club, which was cool of course.  Self-parking is unobtrusive and to that person complaining about the $28 a day charge, I'd be curious to know the hotel that charges less for parking -- maybe I'll stay there next year.  Bottom line, I probably would only stay here if I got a "sale" price, but they seem to run frequent specials, so it's worth at least looking into.
I stayed here for four nights while attending a conference here in Philadelphia. It's very clean and quiet inside the hotel. Street noise is present and expected since its close to busy street. I went to the gym one evening and it was super crowded and the treadmills were too close together. They catered breakfast and lunch for conference and it was very tasty. The staff are friendly and helpful when needed and stay out of your way when you don't. Overall I enjoyed my stay and definitely recommend this hotel for business travelers.
Stayed at the hyatt a few times now. First off the sports club is amazing and is a must check out they offer classes, steam shower. And sauna.

The hotel itself has great service.  The first time I stayed I was offered a glass of wine at check in. Another time I shared my anniversary with them and the staff was so sweet and congratulated us. We were upgraded and given chocolate strawberries my favorite.
 
The view from the resturant 19 is spectacular and happy hour drinks are to die for ( lychee martini anyone?)

One thing to note is if the  room is facing the outside of the building it can be noisey, but earplugs are given as a precaution.
My Billion Dollar Clients Were Blown Away By This Hotel. I just hosted an International Training Conference with approximately 200 attendees. Our clients are Automotive Dealerships, Dealer Groups and Automotive Vendors that Serve Car Dealerships. Our clients are all Multi Million Dollar, Hundred Million Dollar and even Billion Dollar Corporations. Some even are Publicly Traded Companies. We chose the Hyatt because of its history, because of its beauty and because of their reputation. The hotel staff executed with precision and professionalism. My attendees and my staff were both blown away. If you don't choose to book your next event at this hotel... you are failing your clients / attendees at your next event. My event is www.InternetSales20Group.com
Two night stay. On Friday, the AAA breakfast rate was in the $160s with breakfast, so we did that. On Saturday, it was $300+. We didn't feel like paying or doing cash and points and used 15k Hyatt points (via Chase). No status.

After reading all of the reviews, it was apparent that this is an old, historic hotel with renovated and unrenovated rooms. The renovated ones naturally got higher marks. We got in really late on Friday night. I asked for a renovated room (which I think is translation for an upgrade - not sure if they have any smaller, non-suite rooms that are renovated as of this time). They didn't have availability for a renovated room for both nights. We were fine with changing rooms and ended up getting a huge one bedroom suite for Fri night (their largest one, I think it's called Arte) and a normal unrenovated room for Sat night. 

Needless to say, we were very impressed with the suite. It had really high ceilings, its own Keurig with tons of capsules, a Mac computer, rainfall shower, iPod speakers, a dining room area, a living room area, and closets. Not much of a view. 

Pros:
- Location. Central enough that we could walk to the places we wanted to go in 20 min or less. It's also attached to a shopping center and Starbucks. 
- Free wifi! Elites get premium for free. The standard speed was good enough for streaming Netflix. 
- Parking. Use the garage. Give your ticket to the attendant. You get in-out privileges. We ended up not using the car at all during our stay because we could walk everywhere. (Price was not a pro - $30 for self parking.)
- If you get breakfast in your rate, the buffet is a nice touch, however, is not at all impressive... will review that separately. 
- Great lighting in the two rooms we stayed in. 

Cons:
- Hyatt website directions. When I looked up parking on their mobile website, I was pretty confused on where to find their parking garage. Pull up to the garage right next to their main entrance.
- Creaky. Both beds in both rooms were super creaky.
- Beds weren't comfortable.
- Vents blew on where your head goes on the bed. One of us got sick.
- Needless to say the unrenovated room conditions were meh. (You can console yourself with the history of the hotel.)
- Shower in the unrenovated room. It was like a hose - that much pressure is unnecessary and not at all eco.
- Noise. The unrenovated room was a few steps from the main elevator bank. It's in an alcove with two rooms facing each other and a lovely armchair. Anything that is said in that tiny alcove is heard in the room and the bed is right next to the front door. The armchair encouraged someone to take a phone call from there. 

All in all, we felt neutral about our stay there and would probably stay here again since it's convenient and we can use Hyatt points.
Honestly thought this place is perfect! Amazingly beautiful and scale 10 service! Have to check out the cafe the view is gorgeous
Stayed here for a couple of days while in Philly for the weekend.

Good:
Bed comfortable
Old feel to the building
Link to a great gym and pool (do not miss out.

Bad
Staff do not appear to enjoy themselves nor acknowledge guests.
Photo's make the rooms seem lighter and brighter than they are.
Walls are thin so noise from adjacent rooms transmits easily.

Not one of the better Hyatts I've stayed at
The location is very ideal and central. Easily accessible to independence hall and the liberty bell and old city. Also, easily accessible to tons of restaurants and bars in the area. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The gym and spa area were great! I'd definitely stay here again. However, parking is $35.00 a day. There is cheaper parking around the area. 

Great location, great service, great room!
Great hotel
Great location 
Will definitely return someday soon
The rooftop bar offers great city views 
We had a corner room and the views from our very spacious room were amazing
Very nice hotel. Well decorated, maintained, modern equipped. I certainly felt like the quality and service of the hotel matched the price and star/luxury ratings I had read online. The location of the hotel is the real winner, close to anything you could want to visit in Philly, making it only a short uber/lyft/cab ride away. The hotel also has a good amount of restaurants within walking distance, and also it's very convenient having a Wawa across the street to pickup snacks, or anything you might have forgotten on your travels.
Stay here whenever we are in Philly for years.  The windows need drapes.  The gym need to accommodate teenagers.  They restrict the under 18 crowd which is most annoying to my 14 year old that works out with us.  Even to shoot hoops they made a huge issue.  The bar and restaurant are very accommodating.  The front desk people are very nice.  They should dump the gym or buy it and allow their patrons with children to swim other than the silly restricted hours and days they have.
Really nice property in the heart of Philadelphia!  Service in the restaurant could be improved some but overall the property is fantastic!
We were late arriving and needed dinner before seeing a show. Gary, who worked at the front desk, checked seating availability of restaurants in the building but couldn't find any. While we put our things in our room, he took it upon himself to make a reservation at a restaurant around the corner for us and even paid for an appetizer that was ready when we arrived. He explained to the restaurant that we were in a hurry because we were seeing a show and they were prepared to help us when got there. Thank you Gary!

This is a nice old hotel with a lot of history, located near everything, and the staff are eager to please.
This was the final hotel at the end of our week long Northeast journey and it was a great way to end it.  We found this hotel through Priceline for a great price!  The rooms are very large and the beds were comfortable!  The bathrooms were nice with a nice amount of toiletry samples.  This hotel is located in great proximity to many things downtown.  It was a great pick!  I only wish we were staying longer. I would highly recommend staying here!
I am giving a 4 star because although we had some issues, one was partially my fault and the hotel overall really nice. The location was awesome and really enjoyed the dcor.  Room was clean but freezing!  I know I should not complain about A/C in August but the thermostat read 73 but it was actually blowing somewhere in the 60s and we could not change it. It was to where if we came out of the shower, we were diving into our beds...but no biggy, at least it wasn't hot!  My next issue was partially my fault, I wasn't thinking and forgot hotels charge a refundable incidental fee when you check in.  However, when I booked my room she didn't bring it up and definitely didn't say that it was $75/night, so immediately $225 was drafted out of my account.  This may not be an issue for some people but that is a lot of money for me when I've only budgeted a certain amount for the trip.  We were able to switch cards when I noticed it the next day, but the bank held my funds so I spent the trip borrowing money from my friends (pretty humiliating.)  Just give a heads up in the future is all I am saying :)  Only other thing was just when we woke up Sunday, we were out of water and there was not any place to purchase it in the hotel and were told we had to walk two blocks hungover in the heat to the Walgreens. If you have a Tiffany's and Nicole Miller in house, could we maybe get a beverage cart?  Other than that, it was a nice hotel, everyone was nice and apologetic over the card debacle. I would stay again probably.  Just a little wiser next time around.
Simply an older hotel that needs updating. Suite was nice size but oddly decorated. Bath had been recently renovated but shower handle felt off during a shower. Good location in Philly. Pearl Room bar is a must .
Easy parking in the adjacent parking garage.  The front desk will validate your parking ticket and add the cost to your room bill so that you don't have to make another stop before picking your car up and can come and go if you please.  The room was comfortable with nice amenities.  The decor of the hotel is very 70's.  I expected Mike Brady to walk around the corner at any moment!  At the same time it's classy.  An interesting mix.  very nice LG HD TV in the room and good wireless internet signal.  I especially appreciated that the alarm clock in the room was an iHome model that allowed me to dock and charge my iPhone and also use my iPhone alarm settings in the morning.
Stunning hotel within walking distance of plenty of Philly's must see places and public transportation. Loved my stay here in June 2016. I paid a little more for a room with a city view. At first I didn't think it was worth it, but then I saw that they have rooms that face the interior courtyard, so I'm glad I paid for this upgrade. Speaking of upgrades, the renovations in the guest rooms are gorgeous!!! Love the art, decor, and that bathroom - amazing lighting and a really cool glass shower.
My Son ( a Chef) made reservations for brunch for his grandmother, great aunt and myself. Well, the only thing that was worth going to the XIX (NINETEEN) Restaurant was the atmosphere. The service was slow and unattentive. We received coffee and asked for cream and it went cold before it came. There was a cafe table and although the selections were great, the main course was not.  We waited almost an hour for it to arrive. I ordered the Oven baked strata and it came raw in the middle and My aunts came raw too.  I will not be going back anytime soon.
Gorgeous, gorgeous ballroom.  Helpful and attentive staff.  Lovely food.

It's great for any event if you have a lot of money to burn.
Came here this weekend for my cousin's wedding (which was very lovely!) I'm predominantly writing this review about the hotel stay, not the hotel as a wedding venue.

We booked the hotel through our credit card (to use points! woo!) otherwise per night, this hotel is a bit pricey, though it's in a major city so that might be pretty average as far as prices go. Check in was easy and friendly. The woman at check in told us the hotel was over 100 years old and had lots of original detail, which we admired. Parking was in an attached garage and we paid for all 3 days of parking at the front desk. (We just entered the ticket when we left the garage and no problems).

The hotel room was a decent size with a super high ceiling. Bed was comfortable but the one complaint is that it was humid/sticky every night. The first two days in Philly it was 90 so it's understandable that it was humid outside, but though our room was cool..it was humid. The air seemed to blow directly in front of the vent, but wouldn't go near the bed. Make it hard for me to try to style my hair.

Bathroom was nice - nicely tiled floor and tub. Sink vanity was a little small (hard to layout makeup/hair products) and the outlet was not on the same exact wall as the vanity. 

Room had a nice walk-in closet, too, with plenty of space to hang up our dresses and suits. 

We had a pretty decent view of some other skyscrapers in the city including a digital marquee so I could read that out of boredom, ha. Overall, pretty quiet as far as noise from below on the street (we were on the 15th story). Only odd thing was every night somewhere around 11 or 12, I'd hear a random high pitched beep, again quieter, and one more time even quieter. Then it went away. It came from the hallway but I have no idea what it was.

A unique thing about this hotel is it's attached to a giant athletic club. Our stay included open use of the gym, which was nice. Huge locker room, pool, hot tub, sauna, basketball court, boxing ring/boxing practice area, squash courts, racquetball courts, etc. Only thing that was unfortunate is the pool was strictly a lap pool - no typical hotel pool to lounge in, and the hot tubs were in separate locker rooms (so my husband and I couldn't have hung out in a hot tub together). Did play a little basketball though.

Overall we had a pretty nice stay, nice staff, and a great wedding! All of the wedding events were held throughout the hotel and each room was great. The grand ballroom area was gorgeous - amazingly high ceiling, balcony for cocktail hour, downstairs for the dinner. It was beautifully run.
Beautiful hotel, I am pretty sure with amazing staff and customer service most of the time, nonetheless, I recently had an unfortunate experience. With a wedding at 3 p.m. and check-in being at the same time, I wanted to be able to drop off my bags and check-in before the wedding. I called about two weeks in advance to request an early check-in and was told it will be noted and to call closer to the date. I called a few days before my stay, same message. I called at 10 a.m. the day of my stay to check on the status of my request. I ended up calling a total of three (3) times and was told numerous things, among them: there are no rooms yet available, call again; another time, I was told that there were rooms available, but at a $30 fee per hour before my actual check-in time (so I could get the room if I paid, something never told to me until maybe call number 6?). Overall, very unfortunate experience, all I wanted was to know if I could or not check-in before 3 p.m.; instead, I experienced a constant back and forth, where I wasted my time and simply got frustrated. When did I check-in? After the wedding... I had to get ready at a friend's house, in lieu of the pricey hotel I had paid for to avoid this very thing.
Mixed experience. Used my free (really $75 though) reward night here since I have a Hyatt credit card. 

Pluses-
- great staff...everyone was friendly and helpful..
- was able to check in/check out early and late but I wasn't picking on my room
- adjacent to a subway stop
- excellent health club in the building
- large, comfortable and clean room
- elevators reminded me of the elevator at Disneyland's Haunted Mansion LOL
- complimentary 2 bottles of water
-fridge in room (a rarity!)

Negatives-
- items I ordered on the APP didn't all arrive...I ordered again and still never received them
- the elevators are a little slow
- rooms could use some TLC 
- HORRIBLE WIFI!!! although it is free, the service is slower than dial up
- wouldn't give me a discounted or comped breakfast through my employer despite asking (most Hyatts are generous) 
- although next to the metro, it would have been better IMO to have stayed closer to Penn's Landing 
- it's a maze getting in and out of hotel

Had I paid full price I would have been upset, but for $75 not bad.
Ok we were there for a family wedding at it was awesome.  The hotel has this wonderful charm of class and grace and being totally special.  We had two queen bedded room, while others in our party had a bigger king room and a small suite w/ sitting area.  We were allowed an early check in at 8 am since we were arriving from an overnight flight from California, we checked un and got to go into our room then.  We have a view of the consevertory and it was nice.  The noise wasn't a factor, and the staff was awesome.  The free business services were awesome.  We had an great time at my cousin's wedding which was at the hotel in the Grand Ballroom, complete with great food and drink.  We saw the sights of Philly, skip the cheese steaks sandwiches and head out to Reading Terminal Market.  I loved this hotel because I love grand old hotels, like the Fairmont in San Fran.  This is a classical great hotel with charm.
The Bellevue Hotel is smack dab in the center of Center City, and 0.5mi from the Reading Terminal Market and Philadelphia Convention Center (where I was attending a conference). The historic hotel is beautiful and the hallways and hotel are quiet. If you're looking for the entrance, it's tricky -- it's on Broad Street under a big metal B. That's where you should go for valet drop off. 

As part of your hotel stay, you can also access the Sporting Club, a really nice over 9000 square feet gym. It's quite amazing to see and if you have any fitness-inclined family members or are yourself, you'll enjoy the gym -- just beware it's not open 24 hours (which would be SO much cooler).
The room was huge and clean except for the bathroom which had a foul stale urine smell... Hotel is in a great location within walking distance to all the attractions.
Meh, it's ok. I expect more from. $200 a night hotel. Sure it's rustic but it also smells like an old moldy building.
