I stayed at this hotel this week, and it was a wow.  Yes, it's a Hilton and larger than it sounds, but it has a rich, boutiquey feel.  It's both classic, and modern.  The location is right next to Penn on the side of the Annenberg Center for Performing Arts.  Well, it was $379/night.  Ouch.

The room was luxurious, well-furnished, thoughtful.  I don't think they are all like this, but great to know it's available, my room was HEPA filtered...and I slept like a baby in the cushy bed with pillows.

The breakfast is a standout, and rivaled some of the finest hotels I've ever been to (Four Seasons-like).  The cold and hot buffets had many many unique items with tons of choices.  I could've gone crazy if I allowed more time and didn't have a late dinner.  It was totally delicious.

#WonderfulHiltonHotel
When visiting UPenn this is the place to stay. You can walk anywhere, they offer valet parking, the rooms are a comfortable size, updated and clean and the staff is excellent. The only downside is room service is only offered during the hours of the restaurant so night owls like yours truly must stock the fridge before the heading out on the town.
Old School Charm.

The service of the staff; front desk, bellhop, restaurant and valet are all very professional.  It's been a while since I've had a bellhop help me with loading and unloading or valet even at midnight.  The decor of the hotel was well kept and beautiful preserved.  

The continental breakfast in the morning was plenty and really good for once.  The pastries including the croissants and scones were quite tasty.  There was an cook to order omelet station with all the fixings, mini glasses of fresh smoothies, different varieties of fresh and packaged yogurt, fresh cut fruit like watermelon and grapefruit.  I could go on but you get the picture, there's much variety for your morning routine.

Elsewhere at the hotel, the room footprint is a bit smaller but the rooms do seem updated.  There are nice amenities in the bathroom and a cozy robe in the closet.  There is a mini fridge in the room but it barely fits anymore than bottled water and sodas.

There is no parking lot and valet is a bit costly.  There is daily metered parking nearby starting at 8am even on weekends.
I dunno guys, somewhere between plush/awesome and ridiculous/incompetent. 

My group of my friends stay here once or twice a year, 5-6 in a room, and have had varying experiences. 

the good: 
great breakast buffet - omelets and eggs to order, both pork and turkey sausage and bacon, pastries, lox, fruit, the works. For only $16. Which, considering my friends and I all ate our weight in croissants and scrambled eggs, was a good deal. 

one attempt to get a cot was rebuffed as it would have created a fire hazard. after asking if we could just get the cot mattress or maybe just a bunch of extra pillows they sent up additional blankets and 2 bottles of champagne. Which made sleeping on the floor totally ok. 

When it's not a big weekend, the prices are surprisingly reasonable. However.

the bad: 
Prices will double on the weekend of any Penn reunion, graduation, Penn Relays, etc. A room we normally get for around 170 cost well over 300 dollars when we inadvertantly landed on one of these weekends. Annoying.

I made a reservation for 4 people, in a room with 2 double beds, but when we arrived the only room they had left was one with one king size. How do you expect the 4 of us to sleep in one bed? Really? They offered us a cot, but we still ended up spooning. Which, though not entirely terrible, was still less than desirable. So be sure to confirm confirm confirm that you'll be getting the configuration you asked for. 

All in all, though, it's a nice hotel at a good location for your money (most of the time). The bellhops are always super friendly, and the beds are the most comfortable places on earth.
Cute hotel. This review is for the restaurant, since I didn't actually stay at the hotel. 

My cousin had her bridal shower/luncheon here a few weeks ago and it was really nice! We were in the room all the way in the back, and our waiters were really attentive. The shower began at 11 (prime brunch time), and they had a nice selection of breakfast and luncheon foods. I got an omelet, which was pretty tasty. A lot of other people got waffles, but I wasn't terribly hungry so I skipped those - they looked good though. The waiters kept the mimosas, coffee, orange juice and Coke (a-Cola, kids!) flowing. I also liked the fact that they had those after dinner mints that look and taste like mint M&M's...what can I say, I like candy! 

I'd definitely go back for an event.
This is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed at. I travel a lot for work, and I've decided Hiltons are the way to go! For this trip to Philly I was just bummed out and super stressed about work. But then I got to this awesome place, and well I'm not so cranky anymore. 

Here are some of my personal takeaways: 
- excellent customer service - I even got a text asking how my stay was going and if I needed anything
- Fancy fancy place
- each room has an iPad 
- you get 2 bathrobes... makes me regret not packing a face mask 
- larger hallways than the average hotel
- a particularly very nice bathroom
- Crabtree and Evelyn products! You guessed it - I'm taking them all home. (The hand cream too guys.) 
- A comfy desk to work on and a comfy bed to sleep on 
- step outside and you're literally walking distance from food places. Pod (the fancy $$$ sushi place) is just right next door, but there's more affordable options. There's also some stores as well. 

The only bad part is that you must do valet parking ($43). But it's like that in a lot of cities. 

Can't wait to go home tomorrow, but this place made it all bearable
The Inn is the best place to stay near Penn. The rooms are nice, not amazing.
The breakfast at the University Club Room is very good. The best I've seen in memory at a hotel.
The location is on the Penn Campus. It's an easy walk to any location such as the hospital (HUP).
It's busy, so reserve ahead.
The Inn at Penn served as a clean, quiet stay in University City. My room did not have the "green" docking function near the door, that turns on/off the electricity, but I really don't need that, as I never waste AC/Heat when I'm not in the room. The room did have an iPad, which was nice. 

I was able to contract a meeting room here  and they only ask that you order a minimum in catering to cover the room. The breakfast and desserts were really good! 

The concierge was very helpful, and there's a bar in the Library for relaxing or one before you go to bed. The location isn't bad, as there are many good restaurants in UCity, and you're just steps away from the Green and Blue lines to take you into the city.

Oh, and the keycards have nice fall scenes of Penn's campus, so I saved mine and made them into fridge magnets as a nice souvenir of my time at Penn.
The Inn at Penn has a lot of elements that would add up to a 5 star rating for me...
* Amazing towels
* Really comfortable beds
* iPads in the room, where you can order things you might've forgotten (toothpaste, toothbrushes, combs, etc.)
* Relatively nice staff

BUT...
* It's out of the way...pretty much not walkable from anything in city center
* It's not cheap by any means
* Valet parking is $39 for a day, and they park your car on the street
* Our rooms smelled so strongly of chlorine that it led to headaches...And they knew about it since when we walked in, there was an air filter machine running in there
* The staff, when told about the smell in the room, did nothing
* Room service breakfast cannot be obtained for less than $20 per person (plus service charges, etc.)

If you have something to do at UPenn or Drexler, it's not a bad place to stay. Other than that, though, I'd say find an alternative.
I had the opportunity to stay here for two nights during a conference.  As I did not pay for the room myself, I cannot speak to the value of the pricing.  However, the rooms are lovely.  I loved having the iPad in the room.  We used it to order room service and to let the valet know we needed our car.  The room was quite large, clean, and modern.  The lobby is comfortable and beautiful.  The rooms were exceptionally quiet.  I appreciated the free WiFi, though the service was a bit spotty.  Everyone, from the valet when we arrived, to the person at the desk when we checked out, was exceedingly helpful and friendly.

The hotel is smack in the middle of Penn's campus, so if you are a parent visiting, this is a great place to stay.  If I ever had any reason to be close to Penn, I would definitely stay here.  If you're just visiting the city, I would opt to stay in the Rittenhouse Square area instead.  This hotel is great, but you are sort of stranded in West Philly.  You can hop on the metro to the more central areas of town, but it's a rather far walk.
This hotel was adequate for what you need.  The beds were comfortable, there were tons of pillow choices and the staff friendly.  I would potentially give it four stars, except for in the bathroom there was this magnifying mirror that you couldn't turn away, it was like they forced you to examine your pores.  Ugh. No thank you.
Wonderful hotel in University City. The room is beautiful with modern amenities and high tech features. It's a frigidly cold Valentines weekend so when we arrived, we were very content to hang out in our lovely,cozy room and get delivery from a fantastic Japanese place close by- Ochatto. We ordered dessert from room service and it was delicious- coconut tiramisu and chocolate fondant cake. The hotel is nicely maintained (however the main hotel foyer could use some air freshener and a good carpet cleaning). 

There is overnight parking in a deck that's about a three minute walk away. Expect to pay $30/ day or take your chances finding street parking. There are plenty of fine restaurants and bars in the area if you want to go out. But once we got to our room, we sure didn't want to leave. We are having a lazy morning lounging in the room then heading to Penn's Anthropology museum. Fantastic Valentine's Day date! I definitely would give five stars with two improvements, a better smelling lobby and a five-stars worth comfortable bed.
Let me preface this review by saying I didn't actually end up staying at this hotel. Upon arrival at 1:30 in the morning, I come to find out that I hadn't actually hit the "confirm" button when reserving my stay online. So, long story short- I wasn't actually booked to stay like I had anticipated.
Their Journey Ambassador, Alicia was working the front desk that night. Coincidently, there was no vacancy at the hotel. I was so nervous and physically drained from a hard day of traveling. Alicia did everything within her power to find me a place within my price range. She spent a good amount of time calling around to hotels close by until we found one that worked. She exemplified excellent customer service and really treated me like a friend. I just wanted to post this and let travelers know what a great experience I had specifically with this representative. Thank you again, Alicia!
Excellent.  Perfect location steps from UPenn campus and nearby restaurants, not much more than a mile from the Rittenhouse Square area on the other side of the river.  The lobby, which is upstairs from the entrance, is very nice and the bathrooms are great!  They are large, smell amazing and are clean.  We were equally impressed with our hotel rooms - large, the beds were extremely comfortable, they had coffee, they had NFL network.  We needed nothing else.  FREE wifi.  You don't get that at nice places in DC generally.

We thought parking here was ridiculously expensive at first.  Then we drove around and realized this is about $5 more expensive than the cheapest nearby option.  Parking in Philadelphia generally, we realized, is INSANE and incomparable to any other city we have been to.  Save yourself the trouble and just park here instead of looking for nearby cheap parking because you won't find it (if you want to stay overnight, which most people going to a hotel do).  It is valet service and the valets were very friendly.  BTW, it is $39/night to park here.  If you are coming to Philly from DC or NYC I suggest taking the bus instead of driving.  This is the WORST city for driving, good lord.

Aside from parking which is a problem everywhere, we had a very nice time here and would stay again.
PROS
-Amazing location, tons of restaurants walkable as well as the Penn campus
-VERY comfortable beds and pillows
-Free wifi
-Friendly front desk
-Beautiful decor

CONS
-Despite it's reputation, this hotel had very poor service. Had staff knocking on my door while sleeping with the "Do Not Disturb" sign up 
-Took 2.5 hours to get a requested bathroom item

Overall the comfort and convenience of this hotel was the most important to me so I will give it 4 stars...but if I ever return I will not be requesting any items from housekeeping for fear of being disturbed!
A nice hotel with a bit of old world vibe.

I stayed here overnight for one night earlier this week during a customer visit. The rooms are comfy and well appointed. My only gripe is the pillows were not as substantial as I would like - meaning you have to stack a few of them to get any support.

The desk in the room had two levels - one of which was about the right height to achieve the right ergonomics for typing away on your laptop.

The room even had a High Def flat screen TV - BUT the channels were NOT HD - so the picture did not look as good as it might.

One of my favorite parts of the hotel was a "Library," basically a common sitting room with comfy chairs and couches where you can sit quietly and read, or work on your laptop, complete with a fireplace.

The concierge/bell staff was helpful when I needed to grab a cab for an emergency trip to get a replacement power adapter for my laptop (mine had just gone on the fritz).

I would stay here again!
I am a Hilton Diamond member and spend about 100 nights per year at Hilton properties.  About half of those stays are in Philadelphia at various Hilton properties both in University City and Center City.  Currently staying at this property while in University City area on business.

First, the good:

The hotel is very nice.  Public areas are beautiful and rooms are very nice.  Bathrooms are particularly nice, with large walk-in showers.  No real complaints about the facilities or maintenance.  Staff members are typically very polite and helpful.

Next, the not so good:

Hotel is not as considerate of my Hilton loyalty as many of the other Hilton properties I stay at.

*  When arriving yesterday, I asked about an upgrade.  Unless a property is fully booked, as a Diamond member I generally get an upgrade.  I was told no upgrades were available.  Later in the evening I learned from another staff member that they are "very slow" this week and were at 53% occupancy last night.  And they could not provide me with an upgraded room?

*  One of my benefits with "status" at Hilton is that I get a free breakfast.  At most Hilton properties, there are no limitations to this.  At this property, my "free" breakfast is only a very limited continental breakfast.  I have the option of "upgrading" to a full breakfast for $4.  Really?  I find that an incredibly cheap way to treat a loyal Hilton customer.

I encourage this property to recognize loyal Hilton customers!
The lady at check in greeted us right away. She was friendly , knew answers to my questions and gave great directions. She even texted me with some restaurant suggestions. The room is nice and clean. I really love how they have an air purifier in the room. The bed and pillows were comfortable.
Such a great hotel! Not too far from the downtown area, and so much more affordable than the hotels in downtown! There really is not a lot of available street or public parking near the hotel though, but they offer a valet service which is about $35 per night, but you can take your car out as much as you want. The rooms are clean, and updated. You need to use a room key in a dock to turn on and use the power, which I thought was a cool little feature. The staff is also very friendly and accommodating.
After finding a great rate online for The Inn at Penn, the boyfriend and I decided to take an impromptu weekend trip to Philly. He's an alum of the University of Pennsylvania, so was excited to revisit the campus and show me around. If you are going to visit the university, you certainly can't beat this hotel for location. It within an easy walk (i.e. right across the street from) of the main campus, and there are many attractions and restaurants nearby. 

We arrived way earlier than the 3pm check-in time, but the valet was more than happy to park the car for us and hold our luggage while we killed some time. Check in was a breeze, and our room was very nice, with a great view of the university and a large bathroom (ours was shower only). The hotel has an environmentally-friendly focus with some neat technology in the rooms to conserve energy. If you stay here, the first thing you should do is take a look at the in-room iPad, which has an explanation on how the Evolve system for your room works. Basically, using your room key card, you can set temperature and lighting options for your room. After you use the card to open your door, you slide the card into a holder by the front door, and this automatically turns on your light and air/heat system. Be warned - when you remove the card, all of your outlets will lose power, with the exception of those located on the tv stand (this can cause problems if you're planning on charging electronics while out of the room). 

The bed was AMAZING. If you don't want to immediately be sucked into its luscious, cushy, pillow top goodness because you have things to do, for the love of god don't sit on it. And don't open the closet, where your fluffy robes are located, because then you will be tempted to immediately strip, throw on the robe, lay on the bed, watch Indian MTV (your room comes with channels you didn't even know existed), and use the iPad to order room service. 

Service was great. We used the iPad to notify the valet that we needed our car, and they responded immediately. Everyone we ran into in the hallways was very friendly. We had breakfast in the University Club and it was surprisingly good. You can't really ask for more from an overnight stay.
This is one fine hotel in University City. I would have taken photos for you but I forgot.

 Please note they have valet parking only which is $47 a night. I did not realize this so I'm a little perturbed but I also know it's not really cheaper anywhere else or as convenient. I'm paying for the convenience.

The room is super stylish large and spacious full of nice amenities. Very clean. I don't like how they did the bathroom door which is like a sliding Asian themed door. Its not very private, see my photo, but I'll get over it. Also the bathroom has this little keypad to control the lights, pretty nifty, see my photo of that too. And each room comes with a iPad to look up stuff, to order room service through, to surf the web and go on social media. That is the most technologically advanced thing I've ever seen in hotel room. So cool. 

I'm here for a few days I'll update if I see anything really nifty.
This is an unusual Hilton property with the "academic" feel. I like the atmosphere - with the Walnut street entrance less than 10 mins walk away from Wharton. It is very convenience to every part of U Penn.  

The staff here were professional and house keeping impeccable.  The bed was comfortable and the room was clean. I enjoyed their "study" near the lobby - have a traditional "club" feels. 

There was a closet full of U Penn artifacts at the lobby of Chestnut Street entrance (see my picture) - it was interesting to me.  I studied it closely while waiting for valet to bring my car from the parking lot.  

The parking was $45 a night and it takes a while for the valet to get the car out. Plan ahead.  I would actually recommend using the public transportation or Uber instead of keeping a car here.
Got a good rate ($160) through Hotels Tonight so I could help my daughter pack up her dorm room, given that the semester was cancelled over Covid-19. Unfortunately, the room smelled like cigarette smoke and the walls were so thin it was as if I was sharing the room with our neighbors.

Louie Louie restaurant is solid. Bar is decent but closed pretty early. Living room area is relaxing. Location is the best part -- certainly the most centrally locates place to stay on campus.
My girl and I stayed here during weekend of The Roots Picnic back in May. We got a little lost as it was located on a hidden back road (we thought it was a service road). There was no parking available and had to park block away. However, we were able to do a super early check in as we came into town in a Saturday at 7-8am and given complimentary valet because we were being such a tourist in the area. The bellhop and valet was prompt with assistance and quite cordial (valet located our vehicle and moved it for us, bellhop got our luggage, all while we were checking in). The staff was super friendly (and funny) and recommended us to this amazing local Italian spot. Our room was very clean and spacious. The bathroom was big enough to accomodate the both of us putting on makeup, lol. Complementary WiFi and even came with an iPad for our personal use (a directory app was loaded on it to help us get our tourism on). There was a restaurant and bookstore attached, but I didn't get the chance to check that out. Overall I thoroughly enjoyed my stay and it was well worth the price. If I'm ever in the area again, I will definitely be staying here again!
Our in town getaways have always been at the Logan however no rooms were available so we opted for the Inn At Penn instead. Our first impression was great! We entered on the Walnut street side to the bar and lounge and we appreciated  the great decor and inviting vibe.  The folks at the reception desk were really welcoming and got us checked in quickly. The room that we had was nicely appointed with a king bed, nice bathroom, huge TV and all the normal and expected things. We were blown away by the kind gesture of a bottle of sparkling wine and strawberries waiting for us in the room. I mentioned that it was our anniversary getaway prior to check in hopes of getting an upgraded room if one became available, however, because of a wedding and another Penn University event, they were booked up. It was a nice gesture all the same and small touches like that really made our stay all the more better.
Needless to say, we will definitely visit the Inn At Penn for our next kid free overnight getaway.
One of my favorite Hilton properties in PHL. 
Located steps away from University of Pennsylvania, with in walking distance to shops and restaurants. 
The staff was so accommodating and pleasant to assist me and my party. 
Rooms were spacious and very cozy. Plenty of seating, music playing upon arrival, and a robe and chocolate awaiting for you. 
The only downfall was valet parking, no option to self park.
Great hotel in Philly for the price! While it's not IN Center City, it is a short subway ride away, and the Inn at Penn is the same block as the 36th Trolley station.

There's free wifi, the staff is really helpful, and the rooms are nice and clean with great toiletries. There's an airport shuttle available for $10, which would be more convenient than taking the train, which is $9. Definitely much better than the Sheraton in Center City which I've stayed in the night before.
Stayed here on my most recent visit to Philly. I arrived kind of late - around 10pm and quickly checked in. I called for room service and was told someone would call me back. However, no one did! So I had to wander out to get a meal at 10:30. Not the worst, but not too many places were open at that time of night. The hotel is pretty centrally located so luckily there was still places open within walking distance.

I really enjoyed the room. It's spacious with two large windows so there was a lot of sun. The bathroom was also a nice size and very clean! They also provide Peter Thomas Roth products so that's a plus! Water pressure was good, but the water temperature wasn't great. Even at the hottest setting the water was warm. 

The staff were friendly and I would definitely stay here if I need to return to Philly!
Nice hotel with friendly bellman and staff. Rooms were nice and clean as well. My only hiccup is when we got there late morning ( stopped in before our busy day of events) if we wanted our room that was ready prior to 4 PM we need to pay an additional fee which was annoying and  I/we never heard of such a thing EVER at any other hotel. It doesn't sound very customer friendly saying...oh yes your room is ready but you cant check you in or you cant go to your room unless you pay an additional fee.....???? Really??
We stayed here while touring Penn and I don't think I have ever stayed at a hotel with better customer service in my life. After checking out, when we were headed to our tour, we left our bags with the valet to hold until we were ready to leave and he gave us water bottles and an umbrella to take with us on our tour. And the location can't be beat.  You are right across the street from the campus.  I would recommend this hotel to anyone touring Penn.  Truly a 5 star experience.
What a wonderful place. Perfect location. Wonderful places within walking distance and a great in-house bar with the spot-on gin options for a perfect martini. Customer services was excellent and attentive.
As good of a hotel experience that you could expect from a corp owned property. In the heart of the uPenn campus, it's perfect for walking to heart of the campus and the exec Ed facilities @ Wharton. Very clean rooms, courteous staff and attentive service. Would have received a 5 star if not for the less than expected bathroom condition upon arrival. Not devastating however, some streaky "stuff" on the toilet seat is not what you'd expect to see. That being said, I'd absolutely go back.
I was greeted by a friendly staff member who was quick and efficient with my check in.  My HHonors Gold status was acknowledged and I was informed that there are 2 complimentary bottled waters in my room.  I laughed when I saw the room that was assigned to me (on Easter Sunday): Room 666.

I love the modern amenities.  There is an iPad, which covers all the information typically found in those dingy hotel guides.  The room itself was big, very clean, and had an absolutely comfortable bed.

Overall, great people and good product.  I would definitely come back to this hotel.
I was hesitant to make this a "5 star" review since I associate that ranking with perfection, but since I can't seem to find fault with my recent stay at The Inn at Penn, I see no reason not to award it all five stars.  So here's the story about me and The Inn at Penn...

I was invited to attend the wedding of a friend which was set to take place just outside of Philly.  The only problem was, the invitation to said wedding arrived pretty last minute so I was concerned about finding a hotel that met all the criteria I had in mind: clean, comfortable, affordable, and high quality.   Enter The Inn at Penn, to the rescue!  After researching the hell out of practically every hotel in and around the Philly region via Yelp, TripAdvisor, you name it, I happened upon The Inn at Penn and was sold on the interior photos, the price, and the accommodations.  Knowing full well that what you see on the 'net ain't always what you get, I wasn't sure what to expect.  Fortunately, upon my arrival I found that the hotel exceeded my expectations.   For starters, when booking the reservation, I mentioned that I would be coming into town for a 2pm wedding and was concerned about check in (as it's usually late in the afternoon and I didn't want to have to take care of it after returning from an all day wedding affair).   The rep whom I spoke to made a note of my request and on the day I was set to arrive in Philly, I called the hotel to remind them of this request.  Not only had it been noted, but the front desk staff patiently listened to my long-winded (much like this review) explanation of how I was coming into town for a wedding, was hoping to check in to a room early so I could settle in and change into my "wedding guest attire", was bringing my boyfriend and didn't want to disappoint him, etc. and went out of their way to see to it that a room was ready for me when I arrived.   They were sweet, professional, helpful, and incredibly accommodating - qualities that are all too rare and ever so refreshing.   The same can be said for the valet attendants as well (a special thanks to the valet who looked past my ineptitude when I confessed to having lost the tag attached to my key...and by confessed, I do mean stared at him vacantly until he realized he was dealing with a guest whose heels were high and whose brain cells were all but depleted and promptly sought out the car himself).

As for the hotel itself, the interior is beautiful. Contemporary, clean, and inviting with smatterings of art and sculpture throughout (think modern metropolitan and not gilded Liberace) and several sitting areas adjacent to the lobby that allow for lounging and WiFi access in a setting that is at once comfy and stylish.   Not surprisingly, the room was equally inviting with a comfy bed, contemporary furnishings, and a bathroom I would gladly pay rent to live in (and were it not for my fear of court order being levied against me, I might be living out of that bathroom at this very moment).   The bathroom was equal parts sleek and spacious (as was the vanity) and had drawers people, DRAWERS!!!   In all the time I've been a hotel guest, it never occurred to me that the solution to messy vanity counter tops was drawers.  For showing me the light on this matter alone, The Inn at Penn has earned my eternal gratitude.    The Inn at Penn left no stone unturned in terms of providing practically anything and everything a guest may need including (but not limited to):  free WiFi, an in-room iPad, flat screen TV w/cable, a charging station for your own iPhone/Pad/Pod, etc., hair dryer, hamper, extra comforter, iron/ironing board, a safe and mini fridge (both tucked away), magazines (neatly appointed across the top of the contemporary coffee table in a manner that would do defunct Domino magazine proud), extra USB/charging cables, a portable magnifying mirror (handy when touching up your eyeliner for the umpteenth time...not that I would know anything about that) Peter Thomas Roth toiletries (this detail is for the dames. not the dudes)....oh, and did I mention that there was a chaise lounge? Yeah, cuz there was.    
In terms of location, The Inn at Penn is within walking distance to downtown stores and restaurants which makes it uber convenient for out-of-towners wishing to pick up French toast, floss, and/or lip gloss (in no particular order) without having to get in their car.   

Check out was a breeze (the hotel uses something along the lines of an instant checkout wherein you basically just leave without having to stop back at the front desk to notify anyone) and I was pleasantly surprised to find that as I prepared to bid the hotel adieu, a member of the front desk staff asked me how the wedding had gone with a warm smile and genuine interest.   Had I moved in to the bathroom as per my plan, I might have asked her to be my roommate (for a portion of the rent and half the utilities, of course).   

In closing, Inn at Penn, I heart you.
I actually won a stay here in an auction. I'll be honest, I wasn't expecting it to be that great, but my boyfriend and I loved this place. He likes it so much that he wants it to be our regular spot when we need to stay over in the city (hey, I won't argue with that.)

This place just hits the mark on all accounts. You're warmly greeted upon walking in (reception is up the stairs/elevator--that's just security on the ground level). In your room (which we'll get to in a minute) is a iPad to make Internet usage, room service, hotel information, etc. easily accessible. How rad is that?! Now, let's talk about the room. We were in a Deluxe King. The bed was comfy, there was a comfy sofa with a big flat screen TV, and the whole room was just so spacious. I fell in love with the bathroom. It's modern, spacious, and CLEAN CLEAN CLEAN. We were only there for a night, but this is a place where I'd happily stay for a few nights. We requested a last-minute late checkout, and they were so nice about accommodating us.

I think this place gets a lot of business for UPenn parents/alums, which is possibly why it's actually pretty cheap to stay there at the normal rate. It's right in University City, near everything, so it's perfect for locals or tourists. Basically, this place is a no-brainer.
I had occasion to stay here back when I was workin' for the Man.  This is a good, standard hotel. . . However.  As a frequent business travel, I want what I want.

I checked in and was given a room facing some sort of industrial chimney in the center of the hotel.  Terrible view, and for what I was paying, it did not impress.  I forget if I requested another room or fell exhausted into the bed.

Second point of friction.  I Fed Ex.  A lot.  The hotel staff seemed bewildered by my request to Fed Ex a package without being present (I had to catch a flight).  I've stayed at business hotels across the country and even around the corner (ahem, Sheraton) and never had to explain how that worked.

On the plus side, the location is great and I'm sure it's a fine place for most.
The staff at this property is the best. From valet to front desk.. Professional excellence. I wish I was actually staying here. Maybe next time.
This is a very well appointed hotel that is kept very clean.  It is a lot nicer now than from what I remember living here.  

You are greeted immediately by the valet and bellhop that take care of everything for you.  It is nice finally letting someone else do it for once.  While checking in one the second floor, they seem already to know you.  Upon arrival to my room, my bags were up in under three minutes.  

The beds were rewarding and offered an incredible nights rest.  Nice toiletries in the bathroom.  

Now for the iPads you are hearing about.  They are a great addition.  Hotel directory, menus, way finding, and browser are all provided on them.  Leave your computer at home if you do not need it.  

Attached to the hotel is Penn Bookstore, Pod, and Penne.  Pod and Penne are excellent.  

All of this came at a price. It was pretty hefty for West Philly.
Loved the Pure room filter. Room was refreshing, clean and comfortable. Almost felt as if I were in a spa. Bathroom is gorgeous. Complementary bathrobes awesome. The parking was a bit expensive and I would have preferred to self park for less. Overall I was very pleased and had a great stay.
Wonderful staff! A great place to stay in Philly with an awesome location.
This is a great hotel, the staff is personable and very accommodating. We stayed in the Presidential suite and I would definitely recommend giving it a shot. It's worth the money spent and the privacy factor is a huge plus. Amazing experience!
Lovely, newly renovated, and elegant hotel in the middle of Penn.  The rooms are spacious, beautifully appointed, and very luxurious.   The staff is very friendly and helpful -- we had a maintenance issue in our room which was fixed immediately.  The beds were incredibly comfortable.   I love the arts and crafts interior design, which is gorgeous.   Also love the environmentally friendly features, such as the fact that lights and HVAC turn off in the room when vacant.  This is the best Hilton I have ever stayed at; on par with the Four Seasons.  A little pricey, but a great place to stay while visiting Penn.  Watch out for the $39/night per night parking fee, which is quite annoying, though.
The Inn at Penn is a pretty classy Hilton hotel that is known for housing Penn students who have been screwed by Penn housing. It is artfully decorated and has a very calming atmosphere. It even has its own restaurant located on the first floor, Penne (get it? Penn-e? and penne the pasta? Haha). The Inn at Penn is a good choice to stay if you don't mind being in the heart of a college campus.
I definitely recommend this hotel. The staff is so awesome and attentive and the rooms are comfy down to the plush robes they provide.  Angela who works at the front desk rocks! I was sick one night with an allergic reaction and Angela went down to the drug store and got me some Benadryl. The next day, hotel staff at the front desk made sure to call and ask if I was better.  I can't wait to stay here again.
Great location, excellent doormen and well decorated/comfortable within the room. The hotel couldn't be better situated if you are visiting the University of Pennsylvania. 
- The iPads within each room are an unnecessary but memorable touch
- Not a single drawback or complaint about the room or hotel
- Great TV quality and features DirecTV
- Doormen are extremely helpful-- one of the gentlemen let me borrow his umbrella on my final day as it was raining and just trusted me to bring it back before I left. 

Would definitely come back upon a return visit to UPenn
The hotel is pretty nice. The staff and valets were friendly. The room was up to date and the beds were comfortable. The hotel is in UPenn so it is so convenient if you are there for a school function/business. I would stay there again
We were there at seven nights for a convention. Except for some surly servers at the breakfast buffet and imperfect maid service the hotel was a pleasure to stay in and I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.
I booked a suite for a family event and stayed here with several family members. It was a very comfortable and zen-like experience. Staff was welcoming, the room was spacious, the views from the suite were lovely and relaxing, and the location was perfect for access to the graduation.  Free wifi and large flat screen TVs and a comfortable seating area completed the picture. The microwave came in handy because we were in residence for several days, and the breakfast was very good. Would stay here again. Thank you, Hilton for being everything a hotel should be. One more thing - the rooms are equipped with iPads so you can order room service or request housekeeping items by text.
The most expensive hotel on the campus, this is relatively new. Owned by the Hilton in conjunction with the University of Pennsylvania.

They have wireless in every room, can give you a laptop to use, too, and are well-appointed with clean and crisp Ivy-League-like furnishings. Dark wood paneling on the walls and green/brown carpets, etc.  Large conference rooms on the main floor (above the bookstore and the stores below), and the rooms are above that.

There's a nice waiting room up front, too. A lot of the older alumni definitely stay here when they come. Very much on-campus so most of the people here are for the conferences on-campus or for graduation, etc.

Staff is very responsive. They have valet parking in the back.
Held an event here- and LOVED IT. 

The staff from the valet, concierge, and banquet staff were so helpful. They were excellent in being prompt, available, professional, and so sweet to everyone. Nate and Chris from the banquet staff were perfect- they were easily accessible, checked in at the appropriate times, and went above/beyond. I could not be more pleased with how smooth they helped our event go. 
The ballroom was beautiful and clean. 
A+.... 10 gold stars. I would highly recommend them for events.
Great place to stay in the heart of University City. Close to both Penn and Drexel. A short 3 block walk to the Market Frankford El and 6 blocks to 30th Street Station.

Service was impeccable; housekeeping was excellent and unobtrusive. Room was very clean and well appointed. IPad in each room is a cool touch. Free wi-fi. Fitness room was a bit small but decently outfitted.  Love the bathroom... wide open space, two types of shower faucet and both high enough for tall guys.

Would have given it five stars except for fact that restaurant in hotel shuts down at 10pm. I had to order room service (only available until 11pm and with a very limited menu). Food, though came quickly and was pretty good.
Nice rooms for a quick stay. Has little feeling of being in an actual inn but not enough to consider it an inn. 

Randomly have IPads that are kind of pointless.
From Crisis to Regular Stay, the Staff goes Above & Beyond

While the Inn at Penn is a very upscale Hilton with a great location if you need to be near Penn, it's their people that make this place special. This visit, I was moving my daughter between apartments. The new location was a disaster, and I needed to rent all sorts of equipment to clean and refurbish things. While this was a unique request for the concierge, she didn't blink and had me setup within the hour.

That's great but not "stunning," right? Probably. But what happened a year ago was. My daughter became very sick with a high fever that was hard to treat. I had a room for 2 days (as they were sold out) but this went on for almost a week. They not only made sure I had a room, they adjusted my rate.

But again, that wasn't the part that made a difference. They were always there. Nasser at the concierge desk (I hope I remember his name correctly -- he wasn't there this last visit) made sure I had all of the supplies I needed. They stored food for me and reheated it in the staff microwave (as they don't have them in the rooms).

I was heading to get a prescription early the third day when Nasser asked where I was going. The third day I was heading out, and Nasser asked where I was off to. He wouldn't let me go. I had the medicine and some food 20 minutes later (I didn't ask for food).

I did write to Hilton at the time, but I should have posted here to show what makes the Inn at Penn special.
I recently attended a wedding at the Inn at Penn. For special events, valet parking was discounted to $15. The valets were friendly and prompt. Recently renovated, the hotel offers ample space in its ceremony and reception rooms. There was also an unattended coat room and a few benches for guests while we waited for the ceremony room to open. The hallway was a bit narrow so I wished they had the ceremony room open a little earlier as it got very congested. The cocktail room was also narrow with only two tables and a four high bars for about 200 people, but people managed to gather there and in the hallway and made it work. They had a large projection screen in the cocktail room, which was a nice added touch. The cocktail hour bartender did a great job and never seemed overwhelmed.  With so many rooms on the banquet floor, it was necessary for the bride and groom to have directional signage to the rooms and the photo booth. The food was standard banquet fare. I had the salmon and risotto. My salmon and risotto were lukewarm and on the drier side. My fiancé had the chicken. It was moist and flavored well and paired well with the vegetables. Overall the Inn at Penn is a great option if you're looking for a hotel wedding venue in the city.
Nice hotel in the heart of upenn college town.  Everything is real clean, well kept and easy here.  They do a good job on the service side too, the check in process was easy and the people were nice throughout the hotel.  They don't run the AC in your room when you aren't there, but the units cool in down real quick in the summer so its no problem.  I would definitely stay here again when trying to be close to campus.
Nice hotel, but the valet opted to park all of the cars in the circle drive such that guests get soaked in inclement weather because there's no place for cabs or black cars to drop off in a sheltered area. Very easy fix, but no responsiveness on management's part
What can you say for a hotel's policies when, having been informed at nearby Children's Hospital that they offered discounted rates for patients like my pregnant wife, you call the hotel's reservation line only to be offered rooms for $400 per night when you can easily book them without such consideration for $350 online? Pretty cynical, if you ask me, to treat patients recommended to your hotel in this way. Don't stay here.
Great property in a great location, close to a ton of restaurants. Really, really pricey and can't say that it's justified. Closest health club is the gym at UPenn, but it's a bit of an inconvenience... hotel really didn't make that easy. 

Overall, would recommend checking out a different property.
Booked this place for 3 nights via Expedia, fuss-free. When I got there with my family, they immediately checked us into a lovely room: great furniture, spacious and clean room, and best of all, extremely comfortable beds that my parents (who like sleeping in all day) absolutely loved. The coffeemaker is also a lifesaver in the morning.

The lounge or library near the lobby is a great place to hang out for those who like some quiet time online using the hotel's free wifi, or for those who need to study for an exam or just chill out in a library-type environment (where you can also browse books on the shelves or look at interesting art on the walls or shelves).

didn't get to try out the restaurant since we opted to try out better-reviewed restaurants in nearby areas (Sangkee at Sheraton University City Hotel has good affordable Chinese food)

Everyone in the hotel staff at Inn at Penn was friendly and extremely helpful: the doormen, front desk, concierge, room service. Let them know when you need help looking for an umbrella on a rainy day or get you dental floss when you've run out: they'll do it with a smile. Such good service! 

The hotel is found in a great accessible area of University City district: there's the Penn Bookstore just next door if you get bored, Cosi is nearby for your food cravings, the SEPTA station on Market st. is just a few blocks away and walking around this charming neighborhood is a treat in itself with all the nice old buildings, quaint little restaurants and shops. 

My brief visit to University city district in Philly was awesome and it was largely due to my great experience staying at Inn at Penn. It really does feel like a great place to go home to after a day of exploring parts of Philly or attending a conference or taking an exam in the area. If I ever need to return to this part of the city again, I'll definitely book a room at Inn at Penn without batting an eyelash!

just some minor qualms: there were a few times when the room phone and Evolve electricity system went a little dysfunctional, but they worked ok eventually.. just some minor tech stuff i'm sure the staff would've been happy to help with had i asked.

tip for those taking a cab from 30th street station to the hotel: tell the taxi driver to go to Inn at Penn; I made the mistake of saying Hilton inn at Penn and almost got lost. :)
I stay at Hilton properties pretty much exclusively, and this Hilton in particular is really something special.  Beautiful rooms, friendly staff, great room service, with a comfy and upscale vibe without being intimidating or stuffy. 

It's early May right now, which means it's allergy season here on the east coast. I booked a "Pure Air" room which has hypo-allergenic bedding, an air purifier in the room, and some other anti-allergy amenities... and it really does make a difference. I need my allergy meds during the day when I'm out and about, but in the evenings when I'm back at the hotel I'm totally fine.  
(Full disclosure: the only reason I booked this "Pure Air" room is because it was all they had available. It's possible the other rooms are also sniffle-free.)

ProTip: The hotel is right within the University of Pennsylvania. For anyone hoping to sneak out a UPenn discount on a hotel room, don't bother. Apparently everyone tries to do this... so the only way to get a UPenn rate is to have someone at the University pay with University money, almost like an interdepartmental thing.  I'm a contractor for UPenn, and I couldn't get a discount. Bummer.

It's a spendy hotel, but you definitely get what you pay for.
If I could give this hotel 10 stars I would! I was planning a birthday getaway for my husband and I'm glad I chose this hotel. Initially I was looking at hotels in the central Philly area. Thank goodness I stayed away. Lots of seedy people in that area, unfortunately many homeless people who haggle you for money etc. This hotel is in a nice area. You have everything you need within walking distance and it is safe! Restaurant row is down the street. But the restaurant in the hotel is also very good. But even better is the sushi restaurant right attached to the hotel called POD. So funky and fun, so convenient! We didn't have to move our car unless we ventured out of the area. The hotel offers in and out parking, a one time fee. Your car is taken by valet and it's well worth the 41.00. The hotel itself is gorgeous, beautiful rooms, I felt like I was in a Manhattan condo! Up to date decor, so cozy and clean. We stayed on the 6th floor away from the elevator with a university view out the window. We got everything  we needed! Upon booking my stay, I spoke to people at the hotel who were helpful in making choices to have a fruit basket and  champagne in the room already upon check in to surprise my husband. It was well worth the 15.00! Came with fancy Voss bottled water and all! They have many packages such as add ons for parking, Philly Fun package and breakfast buffet for the next day. I'd take advantage of one or all, depending on your stay, so inquire about those. Let me tell you, the breakfast buffet was one like I'd never seen before. We are health food eaters and we were in our glory! Home made jams, oatmeal, gluten free muffins, decadent grain breads, lox, goat cheese, fruit, whole wheat pancakes, freshly juiced mix of avocado, spinach and pineapple combo, egg omelet station, Kashi cereals, aside from your traditional breakfast choices. Well worth the money to get the full buffet choice. The staff was so helpful, even before our arrival. I called several times and, Eric in room service, stayed on the phone helping me advising which restaurants he suggested so I could have my choices ready to go and check out reviews before hand. Also the bed was super comfy! Our stay at the hotel was by far the best part of our trip! If we didn't sightsee, we'd have stayed in the hotel the entire trip! Highly, highly recommended!
This posh little gem is tucked into UPENN's campus. It's reminiscent of the days of the Rockfellers and Vanderbilt's with a posh library and bar lounge. 

The rooms are large and comfortable. My bed was perfect. The A/C was a tad noisy but worked well on a sticky and humid September night.
Had a very pleasant experience staying one night in July.  Service is outstanding and rooms well appointed and clean.  Continental breakfast didn't disappoint.  It was not only quick and convenient but has a great variety including an omelet station, gluten free and vegan options.  Historic hotel but updated with modern amenities.  Great location if your are visiting U Penn, too.
The staff here was really great, as is the location. The room is your basic room. The iPad was not set up so we couldn't have used it if we wanted to. No complimentary breakfast and $45 to park is steep. I'd probably explore other hotels next time but that doesn't mean that we won't end up here again some day.
Hands down the best Hilton property we have visited around the world. The renovations have been executed very well, yet the most important and Intricate details have remained the same. I could have sat and read every book in the Living Room. The staff is incredibly polite, professional and caring. 

The hotel is within walking distance from a couple of convenience stores and restaurants. Overall great experience! I will be back!
The location is great for convenient access to the University of Pennyslvania.  I stayed here for my 20 year reunion and it was perfect.  The room was nice and I had a beautiful view of campus.  It is a pricier option than the other choices available nearby -- but worth it.
I booked a parking spot at this place since they offered it and I had an important meeting this day and I wanted to be in time. After I arrived the guy told me I have to leave since there is no parking available. I told him I booked it in advance and he didn't care. Worst place ever! Thanks to him I missed my meeting.
This was a wonderful hotel! There was construction during the time of our visit, but the staff did not sacrifice hospitality! There was water and warm  apple cider in the "lobby" and always a smiling face. We were hoping feted free breakfast coupons and went there daily.

The room itself was beautiful- expansive room, robes to use during our stay, and great room service. 

Hope to stay there again- it was a fantastic time!
