After a morning 5k run/walk in the city we had reservations for brunch at the Ritz Carlton and it was a beautiful spread. Table service coffee, fresh breads, fruit platters and eggs. We enjoyed the plush seating, beautiful open space with vaulted ceilings, and 5 star service that only the Ritz can provide.

Overall if with a group and need a nice place to enjoy a warm meal, I highly recommend!
I had a very poor experience at Ritz Carlton, Philadelphia.  My wife and I are kind and nice to everybody, and in turn people are usually nice to us.  They were not nice to us at this Ritz Carlton.

We were at the beginning of a 3-week drive-about vacation in our F-150, so we had a lot of stuff with us even though we were only staying 2 days in Philly.  The valet made a joke about how long we were staying, which was fine, but then like 5 minutes later he doubled down with maybe we would be more comfortable at a Residence Inn (also a Marriot brand) and that comment made me a little uncomfortable.  Then after we got everything onto the cart - you cannot bring the cart to the street because of the stairs - he wanted to know if the car was, "staying."  I do not hear well and I asked him to repeat the question.  He repeated, and this time I did not understand exactly what he was asking.  I told him I did not understand the question, he returned with a smart-ass answer that was grossly disrespectful with racist overtones.  

This valet was a big part of our bad experience.  When we were checking out it was raining, and again we had a lot of stuff.  It was taking a lot of time getting loaded up.  The same valet comes up to me and asks how long we were going to take getting loaded up.  I snapped back as long as it takes.  The valet says, "We have other guests to accommodate, please hurry it up."  That was not true.  We were the only ones there, and there were empty spaces both in front and behind my truck.  AND IT WAS RAINING!!!  

Aside from the valet we had an incident with the concierge.  Someone had left a very nice hand written note in our room for someone else.  I took the note to the concierge.  The note should find the intended receiver.  The Concierge said, "they are important and valued guests," and then walked away.  My wife and I just looked at each other dumbfounded.  Why did he walk away?  And, are we not also important and valued?  It was just weird and awkward.  

My wife and I are retired and not rich but comfortable, so we travel a good bit spending as many as 100 days a year in resorts and hotels all around the world.  We are also very kind and nice to everybody.  We have never been treated in such a hostile and rude manner at any resort or hotel as we were at this Ritz Carlton.  We felt unwelcome.   This was our first experience with Ritz Carlton, and it will be our last.
I'm a fan of Ritz-Carlton (RC)brand as there reputation in customer service and accommodations are well exceeds par. Disappointingly, the Philadelphia RC did not meet my expectation.

The highlight was there were 2 weddings on New Year's eve so the hotel was festive, lively and decorated accordingly. The club lounge was small and the selections were limited for those with healthier dietary preferences. The beauty in the club level was the backdrop of the vintage wooden walls carved to mid-century specifications.

We were upgraded to a suite and without coming off ungrateful, I was underwhelmed as the room did not seem modern or updated. So, I was a bit underwhelmed. Additionally, the water temperature was luke warm at best and for the reputation and cost, this was utterly unacceptable. The best part of the stay was the mattress was divine as I sunk into a cloud of firm fluffiness. Additionally, we had a great view of the Mummer's Day parade on New Year's day.

So, if all of the above was not enough, after I checked out, I was billed for items I did not have. Even after I spoke with front desk staff who was to make the correction, it took multiple calls for an actual correction to be made. 

Sadly, the stay at the Philadelphia RC was disappointing and I canceled 2 future reservations as I think there a better options in the city.
The Ritz have made sure to have an amazing reputation and today they definitely lived up to it. The place has a few amazing chandeliers a beautiful Duomo that shows you the stars and marble everywhere you look. I wish I had taken pictures of it :( but many others have. 

The food was spot on, just as you would expected to be in a Ritz Carlton. Fillet Tenderloin with a tomato base Demi glacé, cooked medium, dried aged with the particular brown butter flavors . It was paired with a salmon cooked to translucent and seasoned precisely. 

They wine list was not very good, I had a Cabernet from the State of Washington  by the glass 15$ but tasted as a 5 buck bottle. So more like a 50cent glass rather than 15$ :)) I love wine ! But not the one they served me.
Beautiful lobby, spacious, great location to everywhere which is key when you are here for work. 

Comfortable bedding, nice amenities, bath products, and all, but sending a California Tott's sparkling wine to your room? Seriously? You are the Ritz-Carlton, NOT a motel 6?!? Don't give cheap stuff like this... when I can get at 7-11 for $5 a bottle! Come on, you can do better than this! Who's a GM here of Food & Beverage Director, you should be ashamed of this kind of service! And it wasn't my anniversary? I'm sure they sent to the wrong room! HA. 

Nothing about seeing the Tott's bottle in the room make me feel luxurious, 5 stars, or excellent, NOPE. 

Some might say the thought that count, but as an Ambassador Marriott Bonvoy, I feel a little violated and insulted!
This Ritz is located in an old bank. It has been redone recently I think, because it looks a bit different then the last time I was there, several years back.The lobby area is stunning. We loved the bar, the bartender was great and ever so kind.

Check in was easy as always and our room, a King, was large and comfortable. The AC worked well, which is a huge deal for me regardless of the weather outside.

The restaurant was great. We had dinner there and were very happy with the seafood selection. We did not have breakfast so I can not comment on that.

The entire hotel was spotless and everything I expect from a Ritz. Can't wait to go back.
If you want posh accommodations in center city this is the place to go. I arranged a stay here as a surprise for my significant one for our anniversary. They did not disappoint in any way. After telling them it was our 10 yr anniversary we were warmly welcomed, handed glasses of champagne and upgraded to a beautiful suite on the 29th floor. Did I mention the suite was huge? Because it was. Huge bedroom with king size bed, huge adjacent office, and the bathroom was huge with a shower & bathtub. The views of Philadelphia were stunning especially in the evening when we came back.  But the curtains also shut out all light which was nice the next morning. After breakfast in bed we checked out and went back to our more humble accommodations at home. Totally worth the money spent for a wonderful weekend downtown.
I think I set myself up for a let down.  This was the first time staying in a Ritz Carlton hotel.  I was definitely excited to experience it.  

When you walk into this gorgeous lobby, it takes your breath away.   Columns from floor to ceiling combined with a modern decor lobby bar really set the stage! 

The front desk personnel and concierge were delightful.  So helpful with any and all of my questions.  They gave us great recommendations for sightseeing and food.  

The room itself was disappointing to me.  It was very small.  There were any amenities that I haven't seen before.  The bathroom was beautiful but the shower wasn't as clean as I'd hoped.  I didn't expect a penthouse suite but maybe just a bit more luxury.   

It is a great location but I think they can do better with their hotels.  Strong 3.5
The customer service was excellent. Very social and friendly staff from the very first moment. The lobby has a nice decor and there are beautiful paintings around. 
The valet services were good, costs around $40 per night which is good considering the location. Rooms were clean and beds very comfortable. Nice big tub and clean tiles (oh yeah). Be sure to put on the morning robe. The location couldn't be better, although the street can be busy at times but hardly noticeable from the room. Strongly recommended!
Yes, its a Ritz so it supposed to be nice, and it delivers.  The thing which sets this hotel apart (and most Ritz's for that matter) is the awesome service.  Everyone you pass, asks how your stay is.  Lobby bar is great with friendly, knowledgeable bartenders.  Lounge offers great amenities and is worth the extra $ if you have time to enjoy it(only try to access it if you have paid for it, seems like access is strictly enforced).  

Only ding is for the fitness facility which only has one elliptical machine, and one of the steppers wasn't working.  It has decent equipment that seemed new, but a couple of the machines just didn't work.

I will be back if I return to Philadelphia!
Much like my Omni phase in the late spring, I am now in the midst of a Ritz-Carlton phase. In the last few weeks I stayed at the Ritz Carlton Buckhead in Atlanta followed by a stay at the Ritz Carlton Toronto. After the Ritz Carlton Philadelphia, I have reservations with the Boston, Charlotte and Cleveland hotels. I can only pray these three hotels follow the Atlanta-Toronto style and not that of Philadelphia. 

Arrival at the Philadelphia Ritz Carlton was not met by a doorman or porter and the doors were not personally opened, not only a nice touch but a help as well when one is laden with baggage. On arrival at the front desk, Marguerite assisted me with check-in. I was initially being given a room on the 9th floor; I requested an upgrade due to my platinum status and was given a room on the 18th floor instead. For those who may use a debit card for check-in: be prepared. This hotel will charge you room and tax plus an incidentals deposit of $150 per night!

My room was unimpressive as was the alleged view it offered. It was a small room, sparsely furnished, with terrible lighting. First of all, the lamp on the desk did not work at all. A second lamp behind the chair and ottoman, had no dimming capability. Finally, there was a lamp on the nightstand that dimmed, but produced a very drab light. The next thing I noticed was the "stereo system" provided. Not only the Ritz Carltons but other high-end hotels I have stayed in often provide a sound dock for one's iPod/iPhone - the Ritz Toronto rooms even had the Bose SoundDock. Not the Ritz here in Philadelphia. They have Sony CD Players! Now really, who still travels with CDs? 
 During check-in downstairs, I was told the hotel had recently renovated its fitness center. If they did, I could not tell. The gym consisted of dumbbells that went up to fifty pounds, a bench and a single cable machine. Other than the cardio machines, that was it. Honestly, I have stayed in 2-star hotels with better gyms. Beyond the lack of equipment, the gym looked messy and disorganized--quite a disappointment.

The housekeeping staff at the hotel is quite noisy--banging and rattling and clanging up and down the halls and carrying on loud conversations amongst themselves in the middle of the guestroom hallways.  I observed this regularly throughout my stay. 
 What really soured my opinion of this hotel, however, occurred when I needed to extend my reservation by one night. Any other time I need to do this, I call the front desk and they handle it and voila, done. Three times I attempted to call the front desk and it would just ring and ring - no answer. I ultimately was told that since no one was at the front desk, I would need to call the main reservations number to extend. I did so and was sent a new reservation confirmation number by email. I was told I would remain in the same room and that I needed only to go downstairs and get my keys re-activated.
 
I unfortunately found Marguerite at the front desk again, surly and unfriendly. As I was checking in, she called her co-worker over and pointed at something on the screen. They began whispering, shooting glances at me, then looking back at the computer. The staff of this hotel are rude and snobby and not of the calibre of Ritz staff I have encountered to this point. This hotel is not worth the high cost of staying here.
We checked into room 1220 and the room shook from an air conditioning unit (see view) outside our window.
The restaurant was slow and pricey.
The hotel is on a town square with a lot of noise all night long.
It's hard to believe this is a Ritz Carlton.
I am extraordinarily disappointed in the Rtiz-Carlton Philadelphia where, for the third consecutive year, we had planned to host our Annual April Benefit to aid the homeless.   For 3 months the Director of Sales has duped us to believe the hotel could host our event; now, with invitations about to be mailed, she tells us that another "larger" group needs our agreed upon space.   

So much for customer loyalty.
I definitely have love for the Ritz-Carlton. This is my second experience with the chain and it was a lot better this go around. We booked a room with club access and was upgraded to a 1 bedroom suite upon arrival.

They greeted my children with a basket of toys from which they could each choose one - needless to say, they were thrilled.

The room was lovely, very clean and beautifully appointed.  The bathroom was huge! They also had a white noise machine by the bed.

The Club Floor was very nice. Very clean and not crowded. The food was good but not great. There weren't very many options - Fairmont has a lot more. 

The Concierge in the Club was fantastic. She was very knowledgeable of the area and local attractions. She made several recommendations that were spot on and she also made reservations for us.

Overall, we had a very positive experience at the Ritz-Carlton and if there isn't  a Fairmont around, I would stay there again!
Let me start by saying that I am a Marriott Elite member and have enjoyed many of their properties across the United States.  In my opinion I have a great understanding of what to expect out of a hotel accommodations and its staff.  

When we pulled up to the Ritz-Carlton we were greeted by a very genuine bell man.  We checked our car and headed inside.  Once inside the lobby was beautifully designed with columns from floor to ceiling and plenty of chairs to lounge and have a drink while waiting on our upgraded room to be ready.  

When i thought to my self about an upgraded room I had dreams of a well appointed moderately sized room.   When we walked into the room the first thing we noticed was the large windows with a beautiful view of the city.  Then came the negative aspects.  The room was unpleasantly small as if we were in a boutique hotel with small double beds to match.  One would expect that the premium they pay to stay at a Ritz-Carlton they would have comfortable queen size beds.  That is not the case for the Philadelphia location.  

We settled in waiting on our bags to arrive from downstairs.  We unfortunately had to call 3 or 4 times and at one point they had misplaced our bags all together.  As we waited on our luggage we noticed several issues with the room outside of its size.  They have cut a hole in the wall between the beds and did a very poor job patching it leaving shinny residue and shape that a kindergartner might cut.  Second problem was we found a hair on the toilet.  That was quite disgusting.   We decided to settle into our beds to take a quick nap before heading to baseball game for the evening. The beds are uncomfortable and covered what seams to be a down-comforter that slides off the bed with every movement.  

I woke up many times through the night with motorcycles revving their engines to redline below on the streets as well as how warm our room was after the 4 of us went to sleep.  

As for service they will receive four to five stars in my book.  The bellmen down stairs were quick with suggestions on exactly what we desired.  They had great insight into which rail way lines to take to get certain places.  

Overall the two stars perfectly describes my opinion of the Philadelphia Ritz-Carlton, "meh, I've experienced better."
great place actually. I had a wonderful experience here for my visit in the area. This is definitely better than the Ritz-Carlton near Central Park, NY.
Luckily my wife is crazy (in a really good way) and got a sick deal here for a room at a fraction of the normal nightly rate. It is a very nice hotel of course, but I wasn't wowed like I expected to be at a Ritz-Carlton.

We were here for just a night for a two-day eating tour trip, and the service was perfect for the duration of the short stay. Also owing to my wife's craziness, she mentioned it was my birthday, and they had a little birthday cake waiting for us in our room. That's some pretty good service.

The rooms were nice, but nothing spectacular. Considering the rates they normally charge, I expected something much grander. The gym was also pretty tiny, which surprised me.

The location here can't be beat though. It's right next to City Hall in the center of everything. It's also right next to La Colombe, which is a perfect way to start the day with some great coffee.

As long as I could somehow get a super low rate, I would definitely stay here again.
My room here, while more expensive, is much smaller than my room at the Marriott around the corner was.  Fair enough, what I've traded for space I've made up for in "fine finishes" and seeing as this may be the only time I ever stay at a Ritz as opposed to a Marriott, I'll revel in it thanks (Bvlgari toiletries?!)
I have a great view of City Hall, and three more days to finish making up my mind on this hotel.
** Fitness Center:
While adequate and clean and very updated with newer equipment and great attention to detail, it's clear that fitness is not a major concern of the Ritz.  The spa space is probably quadruple that of the fitness room, and for some odd reason, it seemed to be a hangout spot for staff with nothing to do.  There were 7 staff members that were in the very small area almost the entire hour I was there, which made me kind of uncomfortable - huffing and sweating and grunting like a pig, while they stood there and chatted.
**While I appreciate the non-down pillows you brought me, the very luxurious down comforter sort of negates the effort.  Once I stripped the bed of said yummy comforter, I was left with a thin staticky blanket as my only coverage option (not even a sheet?!  really Ritz?!).  Also, the long line of old room service carts I had to skirt to get back into my room today wasn't the classiest of touches.
** Breakfast at The Grille was great - service very good, but one little thing.  If we ask you what scrapple is, and you give us an answer that makes it sound not very appetizing, but then offer to bring us some to try?  You probably shouldn't put it on the bill.
** The new lounge is nice - the drinks are meh (and $15!!!), not much of a food selection.  When people smoke (I'm guessing on other floors) it comes directly into your room and makes you wonder if someone broke in.  If you're in a room near the elevator - ask to move.  Ritz guests are boisterous at all hours it seems.
** Gratuitous star sighting info: Jennifer Aniston got off the elevator as I got on, and my coworker saw Owen Wilson earlier in the week.  Guess they're shooting "Marley and Me."
** Other serious drawbacks - 
No cabs waiting outside when you dash out to try to catch your early morning flight.  You'll have to hunt down a doorman to help you flag one down or leave your bags on the sidewalk while you do it yourself.
Requesting a copy of your bill every week for a month will not get it to you.
Sometimes the phone rings forever without anyone answering.  What hotel allows this to happen any more, let alone a Ritz?
Kinda shocked and disappointed by some aspects of this Ritz. Check in was quick but the room had one king and I needed two doubles- it took about 30m for that to be resolved. The room was five, comfortable bed. 

Service and drinks at the bar were fantastic. The ambiance is great in such a historic building. I was really surprised though to come down for breakfast and be 1. Asked if I had a reservation and 2. Then told oh we're booked, you can have continental breakfast (not the menu breakfast) in the lounge. Went to ask the front desk where about local breakfast spots when I explained we couldn't eat in the restaurant and he quickly remedied the situation. Thanks to him we were able to have a sit down breakfast without an issue- I just think it's weird to have an expectation that there's a reservation for breakfast at 9am. 

We had a problem with the bathroom outlet and hair dryer shorting out. Called down to have it fixed before leaving for the day- not sure if they came or not but it wasn't fixed and never followed up on. 

I know this sounds ridiculous but little things like being greeted at the door, which is standard at Ritz properties didn't happen here. Wasn't that homey experience that I'm used to from a Ritz Carlton. 

The building itself though is gorgeous and if you're in the area def stop by for a drink.
Don't know why we always end up at the Ritz when going to Philly. 

Love coming for drinks and snacks. Great table service. Awesome drinks and nice selection of different cocktails.
Try not to think of this as a Ritz, but really a very fancy Marriott. Because that is what it is. If you want a Ritz experience, this place will leave you feeling a little disappointed. But if you think "I'm staying at a really nice Marriott", you will be blown away. 

You park right outside the main doors on Broad street, in the valet only area. That is the only kind of parking they have, it's $52 a night for the valet plus associated taxes. Our check in experience was really good, very friendly and easy. We got the auto upgrade because my husband travels for work a lot as has platinum status. They have us a beautiful room on the 25th floor, it was a king bed with an amazing view of City Hall and the LOVE sculpture. They gave us champagne at check in because I dropped that it was my birthday weekend. LOVED that, I am always delighted when someone greets me with champagne. I told the check in desk I needed a mini fridge sent up to our room, they say no problem they will send one right away.

We get to our room and wait for the mini fridge, after an hour I called down and asked for it again. I'm gonna give you the short version and say it took 3 calls and 4.5 hours to get the mini fridge in our room. So if you come here with something you need to keep cold, make sure you have plenty of ice in your cooler because it's gonna be a while. 

The room was pretty warm to us, around 73 when we got in. We like things colder so we set the AC down to 65 hoping to cool the room off. You know how when you are in the hospital and you have a pain pump you can press the button how much as you like but that pain pump will only give you so much medicine at a time? The AC is like that. You can set it as low as you want, but the room is never going to get below 71 degrees. Our room stayed set at 65 but it stayed 71-74 degrees in there depending on time of day. I asked 3 different staff people to "fix" it, but no one was able to do anything. I think it was just that it was hotter than Satan's Vadge in Philly when we were there and we were high up, hot air rises. I imagine the higher floor rooms all have that issue. 

We had a few other little hiccups, like a housekeeper knocking on the door at 10pm asking us if we wanted more towels but really over all this is a very nice hotel. Fairly clean, I love all the bath products, the staff were all very nice, the restaurant was good... I'd probably stay here again. My husband stays at Ritz Carlton's all over and he said this is "the worst one he's ever been to" but if this is the worst, it's still better than most other hotels.
Beautiful common spaces, decidedly medicore rooms for a Ritz Carlton.  Also the room did not feel clean as the floor of the closet had dust.  There was significant construction going on outside the hotel on Saturday morning as I awoke to jackhammers at 8:00am.

The service is the lobby was mostly good, but I had to take a star off for a couple of reasons.  I checked my coat and bag, with a claim check and they initially brought me the wrong bag and neglected to bring me my coat . . . and this was on a slow Saturday.  

The food at the restaurant was fine but the service was ridiculously slow and inexpert.  Things weren't cleared properly; the waiter had to be asked to refill drinks and water.
We stayed here last weekend for a friend's wedding. Her wedding was not on the property, but our friends chose to stay here since the Ritz is usually a great choice. 

We were not blown away by this location. The rooms were not up to par with the typical Ritz experience.

The servers were clearly short staffed, and some were rather rude. Our orders at the restaurant were not right, and when we asked for them to be corrected were met with attitude.

We did have one fantastic server who treated us to a round of drinks for our friends birthday! Huge shout out to her for going above and beyond for making her day special.

We got blow outs at the spa for $125, and was not worth that at all.

Overall, I'd look otherwise when staying in Philadelpha. This is not your typical Ritz hotel.
Frankly I am unimpressed. For this caliber of hotel I expected to be wowed. Starting at check in, King rooms were all sold out so she wanted to give me 2 double beds. Double beds? Not even Queen?  So she had a Queen room available. One queen bed, not two like a standard hotel room. The room is nice. Comfortable. The chocolates are a nice touch. My bathroom sink was completely clogged. The room I'm in overlooks the circle and I'm not sure if it could be louder.  So it's kind of a love/hate with the room. Also I got lucky enough to be stuck behind the elevator bank. Noise on both sides of the room. Don't take any -01 rooms.  The internet sucks. I was excited that the TVs have Internet TV options, so I opened Hulu and signed in and began to watch one of my shows. Every 2-3 minutes it would buffer for at least 30 seconds. I felt like I was in 2010. Had to turn it off and watch on my phone. Annoying. 

I base this review on a couple of factors. I work in Philly but live in NC, traveling here often for work the last 2 years. I have never stayed here before because I prefer to stay closer to my office building (17/JFK). This particular week is booked solid for most of Philly and I was lucky to even get a room here at the rate I did. All of that being said- I've stayed in many Center City hotels and expected this to be far above the rest based on the brand. Eh.  I have also stayed in many Ritz Carlton's- for both business and pleasure - and this was just like another area hotel to me. 

The restaurant in the lobby was also just ok. It was looking for a Spanish theme but it wasn't prevalent. Overpriced small portions. The food was good, but not great. Nothing unique. 

If you are Marriott brand loyal my go to is The Westin on 17th. Hilton loyal -The Logan on 18/Ben Franklin.
Back again!  This location is so convenient.  It's close to all the major highlights of the city, with tons of restaurants and shopping nearby, with a subway station right out front, and a cheap taxi/Uber ride away from the 30th Street train station.  

Since we were here last, they've totally renovated the guest rooms, mainly with decor upgrades.  They did a nice job with the colors and materials.  The best feature?  The curtains!!  I've never seen drapes that block out light like the ones they have, as if the room had no windows.  Amazing!  Great for the person who loves to sleep in. 

Parking costs an arm and both legs ($50,) and they're still charging for WiFi.  

TIP:
We found more affordable parking in a garage about a block away.  Check out my review of the Midtown Parking Garage where overnight rates were $35.
Terrible property not worthy of Ritz name.  Carried own bags (nobody even offered to help).  Check in staff abrupt and surly.  Lobby restaurant..,nobody took order for ages, and then didn't offer such sundry items as silverware and napkins.  30 minutes to get a cup of coffee at breakfast.  Valet beyond rude when getting my car in the morning.  

After returning that night, Valet took my car for a joy ride into South Philly (I received valet alerts on my car's App).  When confronted, the valet admitted it and apologized, but says he "didn't speed or nothin".  Front desk manager on duty Rudolpho Sutton refused even to apologize for this, and instead took a confrontational stance with me.  

This entire staff needs to be terminated, new staff hired, and be properly trained.  Next time in Philadelphia...The Four Seasons.  Ritz is an utter disappointment.
My room was 2902, which is a club level room. The room was very spacious and beautiful, but what really made the difference was it was a corner room directly across from Philadelphia's City Hall. City ​H​all was so beautiful to see in the daylight, sunset and at night when the building just lights up. It could be seen from all windows in the room including the bathroom. The room was surrounded by grand architecture on all sides.

The room had an extremely comfortable king size bed, a large work desk, nightstands on either side of the bed and​ a small couch. The bathroom was one of the most beautiful I've ever seen. It was made fully of marble with a shower with a rain-forest shower head, separate bathtub with a large mirror behind it, and a gorgeous vanity sink. The curtains in the bathroom were even automated so all you needed to do was push a button to make them go up and down. The line of bathroom products offered is by Asprey and even included a nice loofah. In the closet were a few plush robes and pairs of slippers. The hotel offers 24-hour in-room dining and a Nespresso machine with complimentary coffee and tea so you are never left hungry or thirsty. ​The staff comes twice a day, once mid day and once in the evening for turn-down service where they provide mini water bottles and little pieces of chocolate for nighttime.
This was my very first ever stay at a Ritz-Carlton Hotel, and I've got to say that this has been by far the best hotel experience that I have ever had. 

It all started out with valet. As I pulled up to the front of the hotel, a gentleman opened up my car door, greeted me, and welcomed me to the Ritz-Carlton. He directed me to where I would find the front desk as soon as I walked into the building. Liana (hopefully I spelt her name right) checked me in. She told me that they gave me a room upgrade and that got the executive suite, which was a wonderful surprise. As soon as I got my keys, I inquired if I had Club Lounge access. She said I didn't, but she double checked to make sure. After check, she did see that I did have Club Lounge access on my reservation, and she apologized for making a mistake. Her making that mistake did not bother me at all. I was really impressed that she was very genuine in apologizing, something that you rarely get at other hotels. 

When I entered the executive suite, I was very impressed with how clean and modern the room looked. This location underwent a renovation not too long ago. I looked out the window and noticed that I had a great view of City Hall! Absolutely amazing!

The Club Lounge is located on the 30th floor. I met Paige from Club Concierge there. It was a pleasure to meet her! She has such a positive attitude, very accommodating, and provided exceptional service. We had a great conversation and I thanked her for being one of many that has made my stay at the Ritz-Carlton a memorable one. Paige gave me her information and told me to let her know the next time I'll be at staying at the Ritz and that she'll take care of me. 

When I went up to the Club Lounge around 9pm, they were serving dessert like macaroons, brownie bites, cookies, along with coffee & tea. There were also other drinks available, like wine, water, soda, and juice. Here are the Club Lounge hours of operation:

7am-10:30am: Continental Breakfast
12pm-2pm: Mid-Day Snacks
2pm-5pm: Light Snacks
5pm-7:30pm: Hors d'oeuvres
8pm-10pm: Chocolates & Cordials

The location of the Ritz-Carlton is perfect. A lot of attractions are all within walking distance. 
Everything about this hotel was amazing! Every staff member that I encountered treated me with so much respect and providing such exceptional service. I am looking forward to staying here again with my significant other for Valentine's Day weekend!
Worst ritz carlton experience !!!! Walk In to a suite I booked and see the pictures ! Stains all over the carpet, bed frame like a cheap motel room, couch from 1990's ! The best room of the suite is the bathroom (no sarcasm) and still I had ONE towel! Mini bar empty no water no drinks no snacks nothing!! Such a disappointment for such a big name ! 
So I decided to call room service to get a sweet snack while I'm watching Netflix and this is what I get : we only have ice cream and cookies at this time !! It's 2am at a big ass resort and they can't serve anything but freaking cookies ? For real ? 
Last time ever ! Wouldn't recommend it even to my enemy !!!!!!!
Stayed at the Ritz in Philly with my kids for our annual NFL football game stadium tour, it was their first time in Philly. The location is fantastic, within walking distance of many fun things to do, and many great restaurants. The hotel lobby is very cool, with a great lobby bar that has a modern feel within a classic appearing building. Definitely a good place to meet for a drink or two. The service is commensurate with what you would expect at a Ritz. The rooms were average however, on the older side, not up to par to other Ritz properties I've stayed at. We were out exploring the city the majority of the the weekend anyway, so the room quality was not an issue. The price was actually very reasonable for this type of property in a major city. Overall, enjoyed our experience and will go back next time I get to Philly.
I hate to be negative, but this was the worst experience I have ever had in any hotel in my entire life. First, they put me in an ADA room where the mirrors are at wheel chair height - I'm 6'2 so I had to get ready on my knees. Also, this ADA room had no counter in the bathroom to put products, etc. Also, upon entering my room, there was a very strong and overpowering bleach smell. I was running late for an event, so I couldn't immediately ask to change rooms, but I did so when I got back that night. I went down to guest services to request the room change and the staff member was not apologetic, almost rude and just said, "I don't think we have any more rooms." I pushed her to find another room because I knew there was no way they were sold out - and reluctantly she found me a new room. The rooms themselves leave much to be desired and are in desperate need of renovation. 

I called to order some drinks from room service and no one picked up and the line kept ringing. I tried 3 additional times over the course of 30 minutes and finally got someone. I placed an order for 4 cocktails and then the staff member rudely asked, "This is all for one person???" I said "yes, all four are for me." 45 minutes later, 2 cocktails arrive - I guess she made the executive decision that 4 was too many for me. I didn't complain about this because  what was the point! I then went to scope out the minibar, only to find it completely empty. I called downstairs to ask if my mini bar was supposed to be stocked and the representative answered, "that could be normal, it depends." I didn't even try to challenge that.

This is not a luxury experience. It's a Ritz Carlton in name only.
Walking into the lobby of the Ritz Carlon Philadelphia, I wondered if the designer had an "Alice in Wonderland" vision--mismatched designs, pink fuschia colors in the carpeting, an art-decoish vision.  I'm a traditionalist and when I book Ritz Carlton, I expect clean, understated elegance. First impressions are essential and the bright-neon wall to the right of the lobby is an insult to Ritz Carlton image.  Still, for all its gawdy efforts at coolness onced we checked  into the room, elegance and service was evident of the Ritz that I know.  

At the Ritz, luxury is the norm. At the Ritz, no request is too small (can I get a tube of toothpaste?) or large (after-hours room service) to be completed.  At the Ritz, the beds are perfectly firm and duvets are light as feathers, towels are fluffy and bathrobes are warm.  At the Ritz, there are marble floors in your bathroom.  At the Ritz, the bellhop refers to you as Ms or Mr.  At the Ritz, your room feels like the home you are meant to have.  All for $360 per night, but well worth every penny. 

We booked the Ritz not only for its prime location to shops and restaurants, but also because it was the site of a friend's wedding. Its "Grand Balroom" is a classic and sophisticated venue. 

I got a chance to book the  "Tranquility" massage for $120 at their inhouse spa. My biggest concerns about massage therapists is getting a "talker" or feeling rushed.  Fortunately, my attendant was soft-spoken with wonderful hands. She worked her magic and 75-min felt like it was half-day long. 

Another Yelper noted noise level and I have to agree. The walls are rather thin.  But overall, in spite of the initial aesthetic shock in the lobby, the Ritz delivers luxury and service. It is this standard of excellence that gives me peace of mind, whenever I place my accomodations in their care.
This review is based solely on the meeting facilities - since I've never seen the rooms.  The meeting room on the Concourse level at this hotel is great.  The lighting is good and the equipment is always great.  

I also love the service.  There are water jugs on the tables and people come around and make sure they're filled and that there are fresh glasses available.  The food during breaks and lunch is always delicious and the staff friendly.

There is also free wireless in the lobby that carries down to the meeting room (most of the time).  Overall a good place to hold smallish conferences.
If you've stayed at other Ritz properties then you are sure to be disappointed with this location, aside from the positive that it is centrally located. It's very unfortunate because everyone on staff is friendly and helpful but it does not make up for the outdated, small rooms. The decor and feel upon entering is unique and nice. However, the rooms and conference rooms are nothing to write home about. The carpet looked old, the bed skirts had marks on them, the bathroom was standard, no frills, and they only offer their (in my opinion) awful Asprey amenities line. The floor I was staying on (I believe it was the 12th) was not the most convenient in terms of noise levels. My room happened to be situated near what sounded like a generator and if you're a light sleeper, be prepared to toss and turn all night. Fortunately, I managed but I could see how others could rightfully complain.

In terms of food, the room service is mediocre at best, with the only standout items available for breakfast. Any other meal and you're better off dining out. The food at the bar was a little better but by no means amazing. The whole experience was really lackluster. I believe I heard rumors of the property going under renovation in the near future and if that's true then good for them because it's needed.
Check it: 

The bathroom at the Ritz is simply the BEST hotel bathroom I've ever experienced. From the ornate black marble counter tops to the slick modern glass shower to the separate bathtub to the wall length mirror to the separate toilet room, THIS IS THE BATHROOM I want in my future home. Even the covered "candle" lights are brilliant. It  really is the perfect mating of early 20th century decor with a 21st century flair.

The plethora of pillows laid out on the bed is charming. No kidding: these are the softest, fluffiest, most fun pillows I've ever had the pleasure of snuggling with and tossing about. If clouds could descend from the heavens, they'd become pillows at the Ritz.
I stay at this baller-status hotel whenever I'm in illadelphia and I'm feeling like I need to be glam'd-up and pampered to the fullest.

So...like always.

Great service, great space, large rooms, beds, bathrooms.

Perfect amenities.

Be like me, spend cabbage and stay here.

Wait...you can't?  Sorry to hear that.
The Ritz is supposed to be the best!! 
Times have changed... When the water wouldn't get warm for a shower... We were told to let the water run for about 10 minutes and if that didn't work to also cut the warm water in the sink on too.  After 10 minutes of running the shower and the sink... we were finally able to shower. 
The black mold in our room was unreal. I couldn't believe they allow people to stay in a room with mold! I advised the front desk. Clearly they must not know or they would have taken care of it, right? I wasn't impressed with The Ritz... not for for $457/night!  Ridiculous!!! The front desk wasn't really that concerned either.  She offered to have someone come "take a look at it!" I was over the conversation and the stay  by the time we got to that offer.  We won't be back.
Horrible!  Don't stay here!

I arrive at midnight and was given an accessible room without warning (I did not book an accessible room, nor did I request one).  I get to my room, find out it's accessible and have to turn around and go back to the front desk.

Next I am given a room with two double beds.  One of the beds has dirty sheets.  #gross

I go to take a shower and there is a window in the shower and the blinds are in horrible condition.

At this point I am wondering if I am at the Ritz or the Motel 8...

Finally, upon arrival and departure, there is no one to help with bags, hail a cab, provide walking directions, etc.

This is absolutely the worst Ritz Carlton that I have ever stayed at and I will not be back.
The hotel itself is probably a 3-4 Star Hotel even though the brand itself is a 5 star brand. This particular hotel does need a little updating in the rooms as it isn't the newest decor. 
Other people complained about chipped furniture, stained carpets, etc. Our room had none of that. Some people also complained about the size of the room and I don't know why as our room was vary spacious, and the view was decent. 
The big PLUS to the Ritz room is the bathroom, and this one did not disappoint. Spacious marble room with separate tub and shower; as well as a Water Closet. 
What really puts this hotel in my 5 star review status is the fact that the Customer Service level is EXCEPTIONAL. 
The Front Desk Member Stephanie was so helpful. She found us a great room and was very kind and informative. 
We opted for the Club Level which is a perk that most of the Ritzs' offer and something I highly suggest you take. 
This hotel had the smallest Club Lounge I had been to, but it certainly made up for it with the service. Paige, Minimosa, and Mark were all on top of their game and always willing to assist and with a smile! 
The hotel Lobby is a former bank branch and the 4 story skylight is amazing. The location of the hotel makes it easy to walk to many attractions of the Philadelphia area, or a cheap Uber ride away.
Every Ritz Carlton property, even their Puerto Rico property is less poor and in need of new management and a renovation than Philadelphia. 

The rooms look like a run down doubletree in Akron Ohio, no offense to the people of Akron, just an apt comparison. 

The key entry elevators are unnecessary as anyone can use them regardless of having a key. 

The mini bar accoutrements whose utility is based on convenience is available upon request?  It's empty, what's the point of asking for a snickers bar, that's a guilty pleasure we don't want anyone to know about. Dear room service I would like my M&Ms now please.

The phone by the bed didn't work, which I could care less about, however I believe given all the problems, a thorough exorcism is necessary.

Cheeseburgers, grilled cheese and salads were unavailable on the late night menu. Really? Bread and cheese a non option? Not even lettuce? Ha!

The valet didn't exist to greet us, there isn't one. We hauled our bags inside from our cab and then a man came to us once we were checking in at the front desk and asked if we 'needed help with our bags'. Goodness how low class can you get.

 Marriot Family, I implore you. sell this property to the Motel 6 people where it belongs.
AWFUL AWFUL - I am a Marriott Gold member  and booked the Ritz for a weekend in Philly / arrived Friday July 23 2017 and my room smells like cigarette smoke something awful.    There is no menu in the room so after a 7 hour drive in the rain I call downstairs and after waiting too long on hold I just went across the street to McCormick and Schlick.   

I was woken up by at 6 am an alarm someone left on and on my way out to a meeting at 7 am I politely reminded them that the desk lamp does not work, there is no night light in the bathroom so my choice is yo stumble in the dark or switch on the bathroom light at 3 am and light up the room super bright and startling - they promise to fix his before I return at 7 pm.

Arrive back at 9 pm and nothing is fixed - d so lamp is still dead, no menu, and the radio is ON LOUD.   Called downstairs and asked if they did anything and they had no clue what I was talking about.  They switched me to the manager named "Honey" and all she did yell at me that this is the first time she heard about this and she acted like I owe her something for fixing the room problems - the entitlement generation at its worst.   

The Ritz Carlton is a huge letdown:   Not at all worth the overpriced, smoke oozing room - NIGHTMARE
Let me start by saying I stay at the hotels more then a 100 nights each year. Platinum in both SPG and Marriott chains. Philadelphia Ritz experience has been horrendous! I checked in late in the evening and went to bed. In the morning I woke up and looked at the comforter the inside was all covered in dried, washed multiple times blood stains. I have never experienced anything so gross. Went downstairs to complain, front desk person said that was gross. I could not agree with her more. She promised 50k points. Nothing to date. Opened a case with Marriott, no follow up from the ritz. Bathtub was also dirty, robe was stained and missing a belt. Terrible experience. Avoid at any cost!
Let me start by saying I am super picky when it comes to my accommodations. Ritz has never failed me in this. 

We called on an early Saturday morning hoping they had a vacancy because we where in a horrible situation at another hotel. We where in luck! They offered us a simple room with early check in, we arrived within minutes of hanging up the phone. Upon checking in they let us know that at the current moment no suites where available but they would let us know when one opened up. Less than an hour into a regular room we moved into 1101. 

1101 was a great room but the arrangement of the living room was just awkward the tv faces the hallways far into the corner yet the sofa was facing the door so there was no way to make use of the tv. If anything it just worked on your nerves and hurt your neck to sit in the living area. After the first night of our 7 night stay we asked if anything else was available. Within an hour or two we had been moved to a lovely room. 

2905 oh I'm in love!! There is a private entryway upon walking into the room, one way leads into a great sized living room with sofa and tv. The other leads to the bedroom and bathroom area.  We always ask for a microwave and fridge to feel more comfortable, Ritz is always accommodating. 
Every morning my husband makes an amazing espresso from the  Nespresso machine in our room, heavenly to wake up to the smell of fresh coffee!

The cleaning crew was so amazing, we always ask for extra water bottles when we call for service so this time they left us a full case!! Thank you!

Now here the best part, a lovely gentleman named James Portner got us reservation to the best restaurant in town. Now normally it's a 3 month wait list to get in but James worked his magic and 3 nights later we where sitting at Zahav having the most delicious food!
 
The following day we needed some business paperwork printed, notarized and overnighted. It was pouring rain outside and we where reading leaving our hotel to get this done. James came to rescue, he printed, notarized and set up the overnight within minutes! Thanks again James!

How could I forget, on National Baking day we stumbled upon complimentary cookies and hot coco in the lobby. This was such a delight as the weather was in single digits outside.
Love this hotel! The location is great. The rooms are big with high ceilings. The TV was large but we couldn't get music in the room. The shower is large and toilet is a separate room in the bathroom. I absolutely loved the makeup mirror with four lighting settings!
The place is full of history. Modeled after  the Pantheon in Italy, the lobby feels regal. I love the lobby bar and the service is great. 
Upon checkin, the give you a glass of sparkling wine which is a nice touch after traveling to get there. One immediately feels relaxed! The concierge was knowledgeable and friendly. The staff overall were extremely accommodating. The bellman helped us when our Uber guy got lost. This is my go-to Philly hotel.
I have never had such a seamless experience at a hotel. I stayed here last week for just a night while on a trip for work and wish I could have stayed a few more days. All of the staff that I interacted with were coordinated and helpful, customer service is clearly valued. 

The room was so spacious and all of the little details are really what made it a phenomenal hotel experience. Unfortunately I didn't have a chance to visit the bar or eat anything while I was there except for a quick bite of an appetizer at an event that I helped staff, and just that one bite was wonderful. 

Also, while I think you were supposed to pay for internet in your room I was able to pick up the lobby wi-fi on my laptop and I was on the 11th floor. Bonus!

Would highly recommend staying at this hotel!
I had a special birthday occasion for someone I have been dating and chose this hotel because I had once been there for business about 6 years earlier.  I purposely spoke to a reservation person at the hotel to confirm that I would be assured a room with both a Large Soaking Tub and a Walk In Shower... They offered those assurances.

My partner arrived from NYC early and (not knowing my arrangements) took the room  that was offered which was a simple small room with only ONE of the tub/shower.

Upon arriving, I had to contact the front desk for another room and even when doing so, they offered me a Small Soaking BathTub and Walk In Shower.  

While they were nice enough to provide complimentary truffles with a Happy Birthday  truffle, they had a card that said "Happy ANNIVERSARY to Mr. and Mrs.".... Um, excuse me, not married, and why???  Because we're a gay couple.  How damn embarrassing.

Ritz Carlton is SUPPOSED to be known for paying attention to details about the customer, but I was only marginally impressed.

Would I stay here again...probably not this Ritz Carlton property when for the money, I would likely research better alternatives.
The Ritz Carlton is known to be one of the best hotels in the city and I was excited when I had the opportunity to go. Unfortunately, I was a little disappointed with the way the interior was done. The building in itself is gorgeous but the furniture and the way everything was arranged in the lobby was a huge turn off. Their rooms are not that great either. The reason why I still give it four stars is because of the friendly staff. They offer the most cordial and well-mannered customer service that I have come across thus far.
I wish I could live here and be the Ritz's Eloise. I accompanied my dad at a conference here and it was either stay at the Ritz or stay at my apartment. My expectations were high because of the reputation this brand has and they were exceeded. The service is unmatched and I don't think I have a large enough vocabulary of adjectives to describe how perfect our stay was. Everything about our stay (from the history of the building, the rooms, the service, the beauty of the hotel, etc) was fabulous and makes you wonder why you've ever stayed anywhere else (oh..the price). "You get what you pay for" is the only thing I can say to sum this up.
I stayed in this hotel years ago when my dad went to a conference. The rooms are exactly what you would expect from the Ritz. It has an incredibly central location, it actually helped me fall in love with travel. 
Fun fact, the first NFL draft was held here!
If Yelp allowed zero stars, that would be my rating.

Normally I stick to reviewing restaurants, but today I'm going to break from that to help others learn from my experience.

I chose the Ritz-Carlton for a recent business trip because of the "legendary" service you expect from the chain. I find this reputation to be amusing, as every property is different.  Ritz-Carlton Kapalua - awesome,
Ritz-Carlton PHILADELPHIA a sad excuse for a luxury hotel.

From a small and poorly appointed room, to days showering in what felt like a tub while struggling to get staff to fix a simple clogged drain, to an utter lack of focus on the guest experience, I expected SO much more.

Overall, I found the hotel to be an overpriced waste of time even at a great corporate rate. I've stayed in Marriott's better than this property. So if you are looking for a luxury hotel with luxury service in Philadelphia, I'd advise you heed this review and their overall 3 star rating because it is well warranted. Whoever rated this hotel a 5 star is likely seeing a luxury hotel for the first time after many Hilton Harden Inn stays.
I am attending an ABA Conference on Fidelity Claims and Litigation. 

Have been here many times in the past but never yelped. The lobby of this old bank is quite imposing and very beautiful. The domed roof in the lobby is quite impressive and it is worth a stop just to have a cocktail and sit. 

Bellman and staff everywhere. Never had to open a door. Everyone smiling. 

The Conference is being held on the first level down from the lobby. Spacious, marble and granite everywhere. A perfect location for a lawyer conference.

Breakfast was elaborate. I of course went with my standard eggs, bacon & potatoes. They were perfect and the bacon was maple honey quite tasty. Staff were everywhere, tending to various needs. 

The Conference seems well attended as the meeting room on the lower level accommodates ~250. First time for me attending a Conference here. ABA is not sparing the shekels.

Mark.
Nothing beats the Ritz Carlton! Always great service in a classy setting with overall great ambiance. The lobby bar is an expansive and open space that's conducive to sitting and people watching. The Club Lounge is on the 40th floor and on the smaller side. It only seats ~35ppl but the concierge service is unparalleled.
LOVE IT! Spoil Spoil Spoil.  Everyone spoiled us there! We had a lovely room with a beautiful view of the clock.  We enjoyed wonderfully yummy breakfast in our room with top notch service.  The bell hops, the front desk, the entire staff was warm and extremely accomodating.  This is one of those times when " you get what you pay for" rings true.  We can't wait to return and we will.
We stayed here for 5 days in late April. Location was excellent. Walking distance to pretty much everything in Center City, restaurants, bars, etc. There was also Walgreens across the street for your hangover recovery and little nick knacks we always forget to pack.

Rooms and amenities were good. A little dated, but isn't everything in Philly? Probably not 5-Star hotel quality, but it's still good.

Service all around was great and what you'd expect from a Ritz. The valet team was phenomenal. I only say this because we were constantly in and out of the hotel at random times. At least 15 times a day. They kept our two cars in front of the hotel except overnight. Especially with the traffic around that area, a conference going on, and the NFL Draft, we were very pleased with them. Then again, I spent a pretty penny on tipping them.

Late night room service was okay. Maybe it was my order, but I wasn't too impressed considering the price point.

TL;DR: Overall, a great hotel to stay in that's centrally located. What you'd expect staying at the Ritz. Good recommend.
An update - stayed here again quality continues to go down! Was carrying a bag bellman (2 of them) were too preoccupied to even open the door for me! Really?! Only one elevator working. Someone was smoking pot on my floor ugh.


Let me start by saying I stay at the hotels more then a 100 nights each year. Platinum in both SPG and Marriott chains. Philadelphia Ritz experience has been horrendous! I checked in late in the evening and went to bed. In the morning I woke up and looked at the comforter the inside was all covered in dried, washed multiple times blood stains. I have never experienced anything so gross. Went downstairs to complain, front desk person said that was gross. I could not agree with her more. She promised 50k points. Nothing to date. Opened a case with Marriott, no follow up from the ritz. Bathtub was also dirty, robe was stained and missing a belt. Terrible experience. Avoid at any cost!
So Ehhhhhhhhh is all I can say. Sadly.  Its a lovely lobby and lovely service but...but...the rooms were not Ritz special. It could have been any Marriott or Hampton room...in any city...anywhere. The architecture is great...location amazing but not anniversary level special or particularly special for the business traveler.

So it's the Ritz and it's ehhhhh
Seeing that I never had the opportunity to stay a night, I can only comment on the lobby, bars and of course the bathrooms. I work across the street in the Wannamaker building and the Ritz is a great stop off point for lunchtime. I chill in the lobby with a city paper and drink, usually thier complimentary fruity ice tea, gaze up at the ceiling, neoclassical decor, and the oogle the cool new lighting arrangement at the restaurant off to the side of the bar. And yes, nice and clean bathrooms.

One day I will stay here, but until those big bucks come rolling in, the lobby will do and it does quite well, thank you.
Beautiful hotel and centrally located Downtown/ Center City.

I went labor day weekend and got a great deal on travelocity.  The hotel is immaculately kept and the service is spot-on.  The staff really goes above and beyond to make you feel comfortable.

The hotel gym was well stocked with new machines and the housekeeping service made sure to stop in and bring us water. In the afternoon, the hotel puts out lemonade and Philly pretzels in the lobby as a refresher. The lobby bar also has cheap happy hour specials and bar bites.

Best part: The hotel bathroom was huge, complete with a large jacuzzi.  The bed, complete with a pillow top, was probably the best sleep I've ever had in my life.  The level of comfort is unmatched.

Downside: you have to pay extra for wi-fi.  At these prices, it should be included.

They let us check out hours after the official check-out time.  Staying here is a luxury and I unfortunately can't make it a regular thing, but definitely worth treating myself occasionally.
Great location and we love the atrium when you walk in. The large pillars are very welcoming.  They put us in a suite next to the elevator bank.  We barely slept. It kept us up all night. They switched us to a handicap accessible room in the morning.  

Would have been a better stay if they let us know ahead of time.

They lost some of our luggage. It showed up 2 weeks later. 

Very frustrating place to stay.
Our five day stay was comfortable.  Staff was professional, and helpful when needed.   We didn't drive our rental car the entire time we were there.   The loss of a star is because when our car was returned to us it smelled horrible inside!  Luckily,  Hertz didn't penalize us once we'd showed proof we hadn't been driving the car.
Fantastic location. Amazing views of town hall, and top-notch 5 star service. So dang happy. Thank you!
OK, so to kick off my birthday celebrations, a friend who works for the Ritz-Carlton got me a room for the weekend. Charon (who better write a review) was my roommate for the duration, and it was awesome.

The place was spotless and comfortable, the people were most pleasant and the service was awesome. We had Club Level access so we had "light snack" and sipped complimentary mimosas all day. We also fell in love with the Bvlgari white tea toiletries.

My only complaint is with the telephone services. Many times my call was not answered by the front desk, was transferred to the wrong area, or the person answering just wasn't in the mood or something. lol
Wasn't a huge fan...

1) They serve Pepsi over Coca Cola...not good.

2) The hotel is super fancy, but the rooms feel dowdy and are not at all outfitted for people who have multiple devices to charge and would rather entertain themselves on their laptop than the TV. Seriously, they need to add more outlets EVERYWHERE and not force you to have to move heavy, wooden furniture around to look for plugs and crawl under desks. Ritz-Carlton Philly, you need to accommodate the tech savvy business traveler. I'd turn down those Bvlgari soaps and shampoos in the bathroom any day for some conveniently placed outlets!

3) I will say, the water pressure in their shower was awesome!

4) I was organizing a work event that took place in their conference room Exchange, which on it's own is sufficient, except all the catering for the room is done in the kitchen that's pretty much a part of the work space, which means as people were speaking, there was a constant clanking of utensils and plates, and the old, wooden swinging door conveniently made a ton of noise as waiters came in and out and in and out and in...

5) The downstairs lobby area is super nice. Fancy, but not in a stodgy way...too bad I wasn't sleeping in the lobby.

6) They need to beef up the speed of their internet connection, especially in that conference room where our laptop was hardlined in. The slower than expected connection gave me heart palpitations a few times.

7) The bed was incredibly wonderful and comfortable. Too bad I only got about 4 hrs sleep :(
The Good:
I had the pleasure of photographing an event at the Ritz a short time ago and was just amazed by the rooms and staff. After over 20+ years in the service industry with more than half of that time being in high-end establishments I feel pretty confident in recognizing top service and attitudes and I was simply blown away by every single person I encountered. I was provided a gorgeous room to keep my gear and freshen up between events and it was simply immaculate. The dinner was held in the lovely Exchange Room and the food was delicious and service top notch.

The Bad:
I'm racking my brain but can't think of one single thing.

The Ugly:
Well could have been ugly but The Ritz saved the day! You see at the end of the night I went back to my room to grab my gear and freshen up before driving home and I, ugh I hate to say it, I left my wedding ring on the counter next to the sink! I called the next day in a panic and I was thrilled to not only find out they had found it and it was returned safely to lost and found but that there were in fact a few others (there is solace in knowing I'm not the only one!). So I got to go on down to the Ritz again to pick it up and I can assure I will continue to keep going as often as I can!
You'd think for a five star hotel, it'd deserve five stars, but you'd be wrong.  My husband and I booked a weekend away here for our anniversary, as we wanted to stay close to home, but still get away.  

We upgraded to a suite with club access.  The suite?  It was eh.  The beds were effing HORRIBLE.  I was totally not impressed.  I went there to catch up on sleep.  I don't think I slept a wink all weekend.  Club access ruled though, and I totally recommend it to anyone that can swing it.  The people that worked there were awesome and it wasn't ever crowded.   And there were tons of great finger foods to snack on.  The view is also pretty stellar too.  

We also booked a couples massage at the spa and while the spa was nice, the couples massage actually took place in adjoined rooms but they were still separate.  Which negates the point, no?  I'm normally the asshole that has to fill awkward silence with stupid conversation (brazillian waxes and OB visits, you know that sort of thing), but I was so exhausted that I was actually looking forward to just dozing on the table.  The masseuse had other plans, like talking in a sing songy hippy unicorn loving voice the ENTIRE time I was on the table.  He just would.not.shut.up.   That and he was a little handsy and had my husband not been in the next room, I probably would have put this guys nuts in a vice.  

So yeah, not really impressed with this particular Ritz.  Not that I'm an aficionado of Ritz's, but I've stayed in much posher Marriotts.
I was disappointed. You expect a certain excellence with the Ritz. This Ritz really lacked attention to detail... from the lack of doormen to broken things in the room. The doors were loud. Every time one of my neighbors close the door, it was very loud and can be heard in my room. But the worst part of staying there with the valet. The first time took me 20 minutes to get my car. The next day it took me 45 minutes to get my car.I even call down a half hour before I needed the car to make sure the car was there when I got downstairs because I'm going to a funeral. The cool thing was, when I voice these things to management, they gave me $100 reduction of my bill. But I left a day early because I was so not happy with the hotel they need to take a lesson from their other hotels around the nation
Always love to stay at a Ritz- just to see how much they are going to try to impress me- and this place did not disappoint.

From the second I got out of the cab and was asked my name, the doorman immediately conveyed into his discreet microphone that Ms. "K" had arrived.  I then had no fewer than 3 people call me by name between the front steps and the registration desk.  Nice!

This place is spectacular.  Housed in two, turn of the century, neoclassical buildings the Ritz Carlton Philadelphia is a delight for all senses.  As you enter the Rotunda, a 140 foot domed lobby that used to house the Grand/ Mellon Bank you can't stop but look around and admire the beauty. 

This continues into the guest rooms.  I had a corner room overlooking the city and while not over the top, was comfortable and offered a great bed covered with a duvet that kept me at just the right temperature all night!  The funny part of the room was when I opened my door- I thought I heard a crackling fire.  Well- I did- only it was coming from the flat panel TV turned to a crackling fire channel.  Maybe just a little over the top!

The other thing that I thought was so in keeping with the Ritz- is that one of the amenities that you can experience is your very own "butler drawn bath".  I wanted to have one just so I could say I did! Not only do they have one of these- but there is a menu of 4-5 different versions- everything from one that comes with cookies and a book for your children to the romantic tub for two.  Unfortunately, the room I had, had no tub, only a huge marble shower so I was not able to avail myself of this treat but it sounded good!  

The rotunda houses a bar which seems to have a very early last call - either that or we just like to stay out late-but the bartender was cool and kept a couple of cold ones on ice for us to enjoy after last call went out.  We also visited the Vault- which is sort of a clubby , cigar bar (no cigars on the night I was there!) and you enter through what looks like the old bank vault door.  Nice and cozy with big chairs and sofas to sit around in it.

All in all- as a business traveler who is on the road alot- I like a little pampering at the end of the day.  And no one does it better than the Ritz!!
Beautiful historic building, incredible lobby bar, great central location.

I spent a week here on business in 2005 where my company was giving a seminar.  I wouldn't recommend it personally for $300+ a night but when the company mandates it, so be it.  I actually enjoyed my stay at the Philly Airport Sheraton _more_ (for $100/night) versus the Ritz.  

The rooms were nothing to write home about.  Marble floors in the bathroom.  Nothing special about the beds, pillow, linens, or decor.  Luxury prices for no luxury.  No hypo-allergenic this, no 1000 thread-count Egyptian cotton that.  Decent room for working business travelers but not plush or luxurious.  No free in-room Internet connection and no WI-FI.  My room had a view of downtown Philly, with a lovely view of Burger King or Wendy's. I was really disappointed in the "Ritz" experience.   I really expected to be wowed.

Service was East-Coast cool (ie frigid - not happy Californian) but attentive.  When I checked in, the front desk didn't have my reservation correct or my company rate on file.  Not a good start...

Parking was a pricey $26 a day.

Conference rooms were so-so also, they could use an update.  No WIFI anywhere.

For business travel or personal travel, I wouldn't recommend the Ritz.  Better business amenities at Marriott or Sheraton properties.  

There's a Ritz nearby in HMB - Half Moon Bay, CA this place wowed me.  Unfortunately, Ritz Philly fizzled...
Stayed here for the IACP. Overall my least favorite Ritz Carlton experience. The service at the front desk was slow, and unorganized. The breakfast was slow and the food was not so good. They had a hostess and host going from table to table rearranging condiments and utensils, like they had OCD, yet I waited ten minutes to get a cup of coffee. But, very polite and apologetic all the time. I prefer less apologies and better service. The worst was the bartenders. They were downright ignorant. You could sit there for 20 min and watch three bartenders with only four people at the bar walk back and forth and not even say "hello" or "I'll be right with you"? Again, lots of OCD busy work instead of providing service.
The ambiance and atmosphere of the hotel was very nice. The room was small, But Nicely decorated.
I would probably not go back there. Lots of choices in the area.
How do I love thee?  Let me count the ways..

I spent last week living at this hotel and I almost didn't want to come home.  Almost.  I had one minor complaint and that is the water pressure in the shower.  That's it.  One MINOR complaint.  I stay in a lot of hotels and this is nothing short of a miracle.

THE ROOM:  Spacious, well appointed.  Comfortable bed.   Roomy shower and nice bathroom.  Good sized closet.  Beautiful views of city hall.  Incredibly clean by hotel standards.  Aside from the water pressure, I can't complain.

THE FACILITIES/AMENITIES:  I love the lobby/lounge.  I hate the big screen TVS showing sports but, allowing for the fact that this is a hotel bar, that's acceptable.  I think that they did a really beautiful job of bringing in modern touches that are not completely incongruous with the original structure.  The space is attractive and inviting.  

I thought that the fitness center was pretty good.  The elliptical trainers were great, they had towels and water waiting.  It was clean and each machine had its own TV set.  I didn't use the spa (no time) but it looked pretty nice.

I ordered room service one night and was not disappointed.  I had a ceasar salad with homemade dressing that was pretty fantastic.  It was quick and tasty.  Expensive, but what room service isn't?

THE SERVICE:  This was my favorite aspect of my stay at the Ritz.  From the bell staff to the front desk to the room service and cleaning staff, everyone was kind and professional without being even remotely stuffy or snotty.  I noticed that the staff tended to be on the young side which I like since I am still there myself.  I had to go to the hospital while there and they offered to pay my taxi (I did not take them up on it but that was seriously nice since I was not feeling well). My room was incredibly clean and the turn down service was thorough as well.  

Overall, the service here achieved what I think all service should strive to be:  taking care of my needs before I even know that I have them and doing it so well that I barely notice.

I don't think that I will be able to stay anywhere else in Philadelphia now, despite there being some decent hotels (Park Hyatt, Omni, etc).  Thanks for a great stay!
We checked into this hotel for one night. The only good thing in our room was the bed. TV was low-end. Shower did not work fully. There were cables all over the floor. The clock did not work. The furniture was old. We expect more from a Ritz-Carlton. We felt like we were in a Fairfield Inn.
This is a beautiful luxury hotel right in the middle of the city. The rooms are so nice and comfortable. The hotel staff was friendly and went above and beyond our expectations. One of my colleagues did a Dunkin Donuts run at 4:30am, and one of the men at the front desk escorted her. Also, I had an $11 charge for the mini-bar turn up on my credit card bill. I called the hotel to dispute it and without even questioning it, she refunded the money to me.

The room service menu is very limited, but with all the great food options in the area, you are better off not getting room service anyway. They also have internet in the room (both wired and wireless) for $9.95.
We live locally and decided to spend a night downtown for fun without our kids.  The rooms were clean and quiet and beds are so comfortable.  We lived in Philadelphia for 6 years and thought this was the best location because it is in between the great restaurants and bars in the Gayborhood and Rittenhouse Square.  Great views of the city.  Will be returning here.
After spending a weekend at the ritz, it was eager to spend another evening here after extending my trip an extra day. My girlfriend booked the room for me online and spoke to Melissa who assured her that the rate for the room would be honored. Upon my arrival I was told that the rate would not be honored due to the fact that my girlfriend was not present and could not pay with her card. I told her that was fine and would like to book a room myself. Melissa instructed me to book the room online which I did and then the shift changed happened and I was faced with the rudest person I have ever encountered in hospitality, a young lady named Shantel. She gave me attitude for no reason when I asked for my bags to be brought up to my room, and then refused to give me her name. I was forced to bring my bag up to my room myself because her nasty attitude made me think it was best I do so. I suggest that the Ritz Carlton Philadelphia staff undergo a more rigorous hospitality training course so that these types of issues do not occur. I've never encountered such a rude and nasty front desk staff at any of the Ritz Carlton properties.
Price: 2
Location: 5
Service: 2
Recognition of status: 2
Value: 2

Bottom line: Stay somewhere else like the Notary or J.W. Marriott.

We stayed here to celebrate an anniversary. Thinking this would be the pinnacle of a Marriott stay. It wasn't. 

I called two weeks ahead of time to ask for a high floor upgrade because of my titanium elite status. They said they notated it. One week prior to the trip I called and spoke with Jordan at the Philadelphia Ritz, who confirmed the notes. Upon arrival, I was welcomed and I asked for the upgrade, the attendants indicated they would try. After having to go the back room to speak to a manager, they said they were able to accommodate my request. They said I was upgraded to a superior room from my deluxe room. I asked what that meant, they said the room was larger and had a separate shower and bath. I asked was it on a high floor they said oh yes. I get to the room on the 10th floor where I can still hear the traffic noise. I called the front desk and asked if there was a higher floor even if the room was smaller. They said the manager was not here (@ 3pm? When s/he was there 10 minutes prior!), but they would leave a note. I also asked for a blanket and an extra pillow. They acknowledged and said they would take care of the rest. 

3 hours later I called to check the status of the blanket and they said they didn't have the request. I then used the app to request the very same. Another hour later, we left for dinner. Upon our return, I stopped by the front desk to ask for an update on both requests, no action yet. I left frustrated and over it. Not waiting to have to devote any more emergency on my anniversary to this, we went back to our room. 

Next morning I woke up after not sleeping well due to traffic noise, and they still haven't contacted us about either the change of room nor  the blanket. So much for exceptional service. At this point, I find this place NOT worth the price and the experience has been sub-par to say the least. Stay elsewhere where they know what service means like  the J.W. Marriott.
I had much higher expectations for what Ritz prides themselves to be. I had a package delivered to a guest and the package was never delivered to their room!

It took four phone calls over two weeks for someone to finally be accountable for the package and re-route as originally asked.
Just got off a delayed flight into JFK then drove to Philadelphia with no reservation booked. We called the front desk to see what they had. The most professional women answered the phone and described the two rooms they had left. We went with the king option and I must say the rate was lower than I thought it would be.  We were lucky enough to receive a late check out and will put it to good use after sitting at Buff airport for 9 hours delayed  (not complaining at all because Buffalo airport was as sweet as can be and Jet Blue did what they could after mechanical issues to get us on the next flight out). This bed is magnificent, the room is decorated so beautifully, in room coffee was devine, and the noise outside our window from everyday business life is muted by quality windows. We took a chance driving without a reservation but I must say it worked out lovley.
I'm writing this review because the Ritz completely screwed me and my clients.  We booked 4 rooms here and when I called on my way to the hotel they said the canceled the rooms because there where over booked and didn't rebook ya anywhere else.  

I ended up spending 4 hours on the phone with the night manager and American Express only to be told I was SOL.   I was then left hung out to dry without any rooms for me and my clients.

This was a mistake on the end of the Ritz and the fact that they didn't rebook us at another comparable hotel is insane. 

I demanded a call back from the General Manager in the morning and the call never came.  

I'm beyond disappointed in the service, communication, and lack of resolution for a problem they generated.
I expect the very best when it comes to the Ritz brand, particularly when it comes to service. When I arrived no one met me or even acknowledged me at the door. The stay got worse from there. Redemption only happened after I filled out my post-stay survey and was contacted by the manager. He gave me some points toward a future stay. I hope that this property can shape up and offer better service in the future.
Shabby hotel, many errors.  A bad day at the Ritz is generally better than a good day at most hotels, but for the money, this one is LOW on value. There seemed to be a lack of attention to both the physical condition of the facility and to training the staff. Examples:

Slow elevators: The six small elevators are often clogged with staff and carts. There aren't service elevators apparently so there are lots of stops for staff moving between floors and with cargo. Rush times at checkout can be long waits. The elevators themselves are old and slow - doors close slowly, etc. Upgrade to smart elevators needed.

False advertising. We requested a Broad Street view, but there really are very few that qualify. We had a partial obstructed view that we would have rejected had we known it in advance.

Mistakes: I had another guest's room service order delivered to my room with a rap on my door at 2 AM. 

Mold/mildew: We had to get out of the first room because of the unmistakable smell. Fortunately, another was available without that problem.

Furniture: We had a rather large room, but no place comfortable to sit. There was some sort of truncated almost-love-seat-like thing, hard as stone with no back cushions (and no back at all in one spot), an armless chair, and a cube on the floor.

Linens: Room came with towels and robe for only one person. Huh? We had to call to get more.

Decor: OK this is subjective, but yuk! The historic building is spectacular but the decor detracts. This is throughout - lobby, halls, rooms.

The positives -  - the bedding is terrific, as always.  The bellmen and valets do a great job.

The Ritz-Carlton brand is known for attention to detail. Here, they need attention to fundamentals. This would be OK perhaps for a lesser cost stay, but not at this price.

So can this be fixed by management intervention? Probably not short term. Elevators and decor are hard to change. Expensive and disruptive. They heard my complaint about mold/mildew. Remediation of that is expensive too, depending on how widespread it is. 

They can re-train their reservation agents not to over-sell views of Broad Street. The City Hall views are great, but not Broad Street.

I will remain a Ritz-Carlton customer as this is my first bad experience anywhere. But I won't be staying at the Philadelphia property again.

https://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowUserReviews-g60795-d122332-r558900835-The_Ritz_Carlton_Philadelphia-Philadelphia_Pennsylvania.html#
Bravo to the Ritz!! You made our stay fantastic and we'll
Always remember it!! The experience was truly amazing and we can't wait to come back!!! We'd come back for the special service ...!!
The Ritz-Carlton, Old Town Philadelphia

The old building formerly a grandiose bank with a Roman façade with huge columns like the Parthenon is some what of a conundrum. The modernistic table and chairs in the bar and the restaurant 10 Arts Bistro is perhaps unexpected. The carpeted lobby is very comfortably populated with couches and high back chairs with accompanying tables to hold your drinks or afternoon snacks. It a great place to watch the world go by. The hotel is slated for a complete makeover. 
I have stayed in grander Ritz-Carlton's that this one but never one more friendly, less rushed, greatly concerned with helping, serving us in every way possible. Their service was not just OUTSTANDING; it was quite unbelievable. First let me explain were stayed there four delightful days. By the second day, all the staff knew our names. I came to know the executive chef, sous chef, the human resource manager (met her quite by accident while having dinner), the concierge, the doorman, two of the bell boys, and several of the waiters. How cool is that.

Many of the staff had been with the Carlton for ten or more years that was telling of their management style. 

The doorman, Michael introduced us to UBER Limousine, which one can summon using the free download Uber Iphone App  when he heard we were complaining about the tiny difficult taxis. From that moment on, we stopped using cabs, The Uber service was not only more comfortable but also very reliable. How the thing work is whenever you call, the Limo closest to your phone's GPS location is dispatched. Sometimes the limo was already there other times it took 6 minutes. Fantastic.

The 10 Arts Bistro was an unassuming restaurant and while many of the Ritz-Carlton restaurants try to out gun the big guys, this one was trying to please. They served what was best in the season and tried to use sustainable foods. The executive chef was young by showed signs of genius in one of his newest creations. I suspect that every time one comes here, the food will evolve. Well done.

We came away pampered and happy. Could things be better? Maybe if they had dancing girls.
Absolutely loved the hotel! The location is great, walking distance from all the attractions, museums and restaurants. The old building itself has a charm to it, then you walk in Into a beautiful modern lobby with  happening scene and drinks. Front desk and concierge staff are both very attentive as well as the room service. The room was clean and cozy with a great view.
The ritz carlton is an amazing property located right next to city hall. Its within walking distance of great dining options as well as a short uber ride to many of the key attractions in philly. There is also a nice restaurant in the ritz itself (that i didn't get to try, but looks good). Biggest drawback is the $55 a night for parking which is substantial to say the least (the valets are very friendly though). However, there is a cheaper parking garage just a block away you can use.

The first thing you notice when you walk in is how amazing the lobby is. The ceilings are at least 3 floors high and all marble. They don't make hotels like this in many other places. There is plenty of sitting area as well as a large bar in the middle. The check in desk is small with 2 counters so you may have to wait. My room was on the 23rd floor but the hotel does go higher. As always, the ritz lounge is a significant upcharge so i have no idea what its like.

The room itself was nicely appointed though a bit small. I had a wonderful view of City Hall, and i was high enough to see a good chunk of the skyline. I'm always a fan of the nespresso machines they provide, and the tea they have is not shabby either. The bathroom is very spacious though the separate tub is basic. Asprey bath amenities are always decent, but still not as nice as the Remede products at the St. Regis.
Came here for happy hour with a friend - honestly if you're coming for small bites...there is not much. BUT they do have a 1.50 an oyster deal and they're delicious! I like the sauces they come with. The attendants are extremely nice and friendly but service can be a bit slow. They do check up on you and always ask if you need another drink (: 

The things on their menu are very small portion wise but quality is not bad. I really liked the goat cheese and mushroom flatbread that I ordered. My friend got the shrimp quesadillas and they were TINY for 15 dollars worth. I wouldn't really recommend for the price of it.
I stayed here the weekend of the Philadelphia marathon (did not know there would be a marathon). I had an OK experience here. It's a beautiful old building conveniently located. A block away from Del Frisco's where we dined the first night. Actually there are a lot of restaurants walking distance from here. My room was the superior room which had a king size bed with a shower and separate bathtub. Compared to other Ritz hotels I had stayed in, this was the smallest. Valet parking is $51/night. 
The bar in the lobby is nice; I believe it's called 10Art.
Breakfast in the lobby was better than having breakfast in bed. Staff was nice.
What a beautiful building! I don't know the full history behind the building - maybe it was a bank?? - but it epitomizes luxury and class. My mom was staying for a conference and I joined her for a night in Philly. The gorgeous rotunda lobby and elegant staircases make it a great place to hold a very special event. I saw at least 2 brides there. And as to be expected, the staff went above and beyond for service to the guests. A once in a lifetime stay!
This review is based on their brunch alone, but given the other grand hotel options in the area I think the Ritz is priced well above Market for some fairly minor luxuries.

We stopped in to the Ritz for brunch because we were in the area and wanted a hot breakfast before the Flyers game.

We both started with a nice strong cup of coffee and fresh squeezed orange juice. Followed by two eggs poached, hashbrowns, bacon and rye toast. It was delicious but at $18 way over priced! I can't believe the mark up on that!

The service was prompt and attentive but they seemed a bit underwhelmed. The menu is pretty simple featuring the usual suspects: eggs, waffles, French toast, etc. Seating is extensive, but we were one of only two tables at 11am. I can't say I'm surprised given the prices. They have an all you can eat buffet, but at $35 a plate you had better come starving in order to get your money's worth! In my opinion, the omelette had better come dusted with gold for that kind of money!
It's The Ritz!!!

The excitement stays with you until you enter the lobby. After you check in it evaporates like the steam coming off a cup of coffee served at the lobby lounge. 
The room was so small  for a brief second  I thought I was in Europe. Had to look out of the window to confirm.  Very basic room no frills. Same with the bathroom. But luckily everything was clean.
PROS:
Extremely Sweet staff (very helpful)...bell hop etc.

CONS:
Small Room
Too expensive
Was there for a wedding and they didn't have cream to make a White Russian (signature drink)

EXTREME CONS:
Gave staff MAC card for incidentals.  At checkout, paid CASH.  Found our MAC was charged for the ROOM and incidentals and we had a negative balance in our checking account.
Called and spoke with a manager.  He had no sense of urgency.  It is Thursday March 14th.  We stayed at the Hotel Saturday March 9th and we STILL HAVE NOT BEEN REFUNDED.  We spoke with the manage THREE times.  He only told us what HE had to do to fix the issue (as though we was jumping through hoops for us) that THEY HAVE CAUSED.  And the issue STILL is not resolved.
I have to say, this is one of my favorite Ritz properties I've ever been to. Not because of the decor (which is receiving a face lift later this year) but because of the service. The staff here is second to none; everyone from the pre-arrival support to the doormen to the bellhop to the housekeeping treats you as though you're a personal friend and as though it's an absolute pleasure to help you. I've been here two weekends over the last month and definitely plan to return. 

Can't get a reservation at the super trendy restaurant and want to eat there at prime time on a weekend? No problem.
Spending a special occasion with them? They go out of their way to make you feel celebrated. 

The building is gorgeous, lobby flawless, view spectacular, location second to none. To me, there is no better venue in all of Philly.
The second half of our stay, we stayed at the Ritz Carlton in downtown Philadelphia, which is one of my favorite of their properties. Located right next to the historic City Hall building in downtown Philly, the Ritz is built in an old bank building, with some serious history. It has the very classic and historic marble columns out front and screams class the moment you walk up the marble steps. The doormen were always extremely welcoming and always offered complementary Ritz Carlton water when we were leaving to go explore the city (one of my favorite reasons to stay at the Ritz). The doorman even remembered that I liked my water chilled and ran each time to go get one out of the refrigerator for me when he saw me coming.

Upon checking in, I had asked if they had any suites that we could upgrade to. We ran into some hiccups with the first suite being right next to an elevator shaft and the next room not being quite ready. However, the manager on duty was very understanding and arranged for us to move into a better suite with a perfect view of the city hall building and the Delaware River. It is the customer service and the warm hospitality that makes the Ritz Carlton my absolute must place to stay when traveling.

Our room couldn't have worked out even better. Although this property doesn't have a pool, I didn't mind as I would much rather explore the city. The fitness center in the hotel was also pretty basic with a mixed variety of cardio pieces (treadmill, elliptical, bike), some dumbbells 5lbs to 50lbs, and a cable-stack machine. Although the hotel lacked in some of those areas, it made up immensely in its location (being situated literally right downtown) and it's hotel bar with its asian themed décor. On our last night here, we stopped for a drink in the bar and had some of the BEST pretzels I have ever eaten. It could be the fact that we had just come back from a wedding and were pretty toasted when our food came, however, they still ring the deliciousness chord in my memory subconscious. They were freshly made homemade soft pretzels that came with a variety of dipping sauces: a jalapeno jam, classic cheese, and honey mustard. The cheese was by far the best IMHO.

Anyways, for the amenities and location, I would hands down choose to stay at the property again if and when I visit Philadelphia. The staff was extremely nice and welcoming, and the property itself is gorgeous and full of rich history. On the television, they even run a channel with a slideshow that entails the history of the bank and how it became the posh hotel it is today. The Ritz Carlton in downtown Philadelphia is a place I would highly recommend if given the chance. Enjoy!
Beautiful and clean, centrally located. Great staff - friendly and eager to help without being pushy. Restaurant was great for breakfast and drinks - did not have dinner or lunch there. Would come again.
What a gorgeous hotel and bar!  Came for a drink at the suggestion of a coworker who was married here.  Great ambience and nice selection of wines by the glass.
I just love The Ritz! The level of customer service is like no other. They should literally box it and sell to all service industries. No matter where you go, a staff member will greet you. They seem so very proud to work for The Ritz. The only drawback to this Ritz is the room decor is so outdated. There were a lot of stains on the chairs and walls. On the other hand, the level of customer service and the personal touch negated that for me. I was comfortable.

I will always be a loyal customer!
The service was amazing and first class from start to finish. 

I was treated with respect even though I look weird and was running around in a I (heart) Halloween t shirt in the end of June.

I stumbled in at 3am drunk in full face and slurred a request for a late check out the next day, and the desk attendant was helpful, accommodating, and good humored.
My teenage son I stayed here, we were on a College Tour and wanted to explore the City of Philidelphia.  I selected this hotel based on the great yelp reviews that highlighted 'oustanding customer service' and the 'great location' and we were not disappointed.  Service could not have been better, the roooms were very nicely sized and decorated, and we had a very nice view of the City.  The location was in walking distance to everything.  The only very minor note is I was a little confused by parking when I arrived, it is all valet but we figured it our after a loop around the block so no big deal.  I also thought rates were quite reasonable considering the amenities. I would love to stay again, we had a terrific stay.
I like the Ritz-Carlton brand, but I typically wouldn't go out of my way to stay, as some locations seem to rely on the name while providing average customer service.  We recently had a 5 night stay at the Philadelphia location and I enjoyed the stay.  Aside from a rather unusual conversation with a member of the housekeeping staff, everything else was great.  The room appeared to have been updated within the past year or so.  Although, the room and bathroom both seemed a bit on the small side, the furnishings were nice.  King bed, nightstand (one drawer contained the in-room safe), small desk (doubled as the 2nd nightstand) desk chair, club type chair and all-in-one storage/refrigerator cabinet, that was it.  It would have been nice to have a second chair for relaxing, but there really wasn't space in the room.   The only drawer space was a single drawer in the one nightstand and a second drawer in the storage cabinet.  The closet was nice size - large enough to store two small roller bags and a couple of carryon bags.

The first couple of days the hotel was completing a renovation of the incredible lobby space, so the 2nd half of the stay we enjoyed the full reveal of the hotel's lobby, which is beautiful. 

Hotel location is great - directly across the street from City Hall.  Easy walk to Rittenhouse Square, Washington Square and the Convention Center.  Plenty of dining choices in every direction.  

My favorate Ritz-Carlton is Half Moon Bay, CA . . . but this one was nice.
Compared to other Ritz-Carltons, this one is a little disappointing.  Compared to other hotels, it's amazing.  

We walked from the train station, not realizing how far it was, and the front desk got us back in the vacation spirit by offering us each a glass of champagne.  Ahhhh!  Why did I say "disappointing" above?  This property is small.  I found the lobby to be beautiful (former bank vault--lots of marble), but for the price point, the rooms were small and the walls seemed thin.  There was no exhaust fan in the bathroom.  That said, we still loved our stay:  We utilized the concierge, who was professional and friendly.  It was easy to walk to most Philly hot spots.  The beds were incredibly comfy, up there with the Westin "Heavenly Bed".  Food was great.  We'd definitely stay there if we find ourselves in Philadelphia again
Very nice and clean Ritz and I love the look of the lobby.  The rooms are very noisy and they really need to do something about the room doors to slow down the SLAM......  Woke me up several times.
