Beautiful hotel! Check in was great! Very pleased with hotel staff. Everyone is very pleasant and kind. They made me feel welcomed and special. They thanked me for being a gold elite Bonvoy member and upgraded me to a corner room king suite. Can't complain at all. 

There is no bar or restaurant service due to covid. Also the city is lockdown after 8pm due to the recent riots and protests for the police shooting of Walter Wallace. So despite all these unfortunate circumstances we are happy that the hotel is quiet, clean, and very comfortable. The room was stocked with plenty towels and toiletries. There is a coffee maker in the room and complimentary bottled water. We called the front desk to request robes and disposable slippers. The toiletries are Bigelow products which are a very nice touch. Overall I can't complain. This is a very spacious room and clean.
I was a little concerned about staying here, because after I booked my room, a friend mentioned that he thought is was just so so.  He could not have been more wrong.  

First off, the location is awesome.  Close to Reading Terminal, across the street from City Hall and a quick walk to Franklin Institute.  Plus, it was just across the street from where I fell off the train coming from the airport.  Second, the building is beautiful and I swear the place must have had a recent refurb.  The carpet in my room was clean and fresh, looked brand, brand new.  Same with the furniture.  The bed was cushiony soft and I was even lucky enough to get a room with a view!!

I loved this hotel.  Plus, I swear Mr. Marriott must require that all his employees are nice.  I have never seen such nice people.  For real.  They must eat sugar every day before work.  I really appreciate that!
Hubby and I love this hotel, walking to everything. Being a Bonvoy Ambassador, we always get an upgrade! The corner suite is simply perfect, open up to everything... Breezy during the day and beautiful city light at night.

Comfortable bed, nice amenity, clean and well maintenance, through out the hotel. This is one of the nicer Autograph Collection in town. 

Our 3rd stays, and chances are we will return!
I came for a meeting and enjoyed my time. They have a big upstairs with a lot of meeting rooms. The lobby has a coffee shop and a restaurant if you need a quick bite. I can't speak for the rooms or the stay but the staff seemed pretty nice.  I did order a salad from the restaurant and it was just ok. It had chickpeas in there but some chickpeas were rock hard. Almost broke a tooth! I also valeted my car and the process was pretty seamless. They even parked my car out front so I could pick it up when my meeting was done. Overall a solid experience!
Being Platinum Elite with Marriott means I stay at a lot of Marriotts throughout the year...aka I spend a lot of money at the Marriott. So I have high standards for the Marriott brand and the Courtyard Philadelphia Downtown did not meet those standards.

While the hotel employees were nice and my room was very spacious...the brown stains on the duvet on one of the beds in my room was unacceptable.  I mean my friends and I were praying it was make-up or chocolate and not something else. And when I stepped off the elevator and saw one of the hotel housekeepers sitting in a chair with her shoes off chatting on her cell I quickly understood why the bedding in my room wasn't clean. 

I recommend hotel management have a talk with the housekeeping about (1) checking bedsheets and coverings for stains, (2) changing bedsheets and covering if they see stains, (3) washing bedsheets and coverings and (4) not using cellphones while working.
This hotel in Center City is in the perfect location for any tourist visiting Philadelphia. We were able to walk everywhere, to all the major sights, museums, and restaurants. The hotel is in a beautiful historic building directly across from City Hall. 

We didn't eat any meals at the restaurant, but we did have complimentary coffee/hot cocoa in the lobby. Each room has a coffee/tea maker, and there are plenty of restaurants and coffee shops nearby, including Starbucks and Dunkin Doughnuts. 

The hotel is two blocks from the convention center, Reading Terminal Market, and Macy's. We were in town for the Marathon, and the start and finish line were only about a mile away. The famous LOVE sculpture is also about two blocks away, plus we easily walked to Old City and saw the Liberty Bell, Betsy Ross House, and Independence Hall. Chinatown is a short walk away, and we had some great dinners there. 

My only complaint is that during our 5 day/4 night stay, our room was never made up. Even though we were out of the room every morning and afternoon, housekeeping would come at strange times, like when we were resting before dinner. While we were able to get clean towels and extra shampoo and soap (Davies Gate products), it would have been nice to have had the bed made at least once. 

Regardless, I would definitely stay at the Courtyard by Marriott again, and I recommend it to others. We were able to get a reasonable rate by booking through AAA.com.
I wish my kids were here for this milestone - they'd see me NOT change my room the minute I got into it. Usually when we cross the threshold of a hotel room everyone stands with their coats on, not dropping their bags waiting to see if I'm going to pick up the phone to change the room. This room is perfect! It looks right onto Philadelphia's city hall. It's not too big and weird for just me. There's free Wi-Fi, Paul Mitchell shampoo and the lamps are even nice. I'm bowled over.

Last night after I checked in I went straight to the restaurant/bar because I only had 15 minutes before it closed (at 10). I ordered an arugula salad and the chef himself came out to tell me the greens were "a little spent" at this point in the night and would I like spinach instead. And the waiter was friendly without being unctuous. 

Starbucks in the lobby awaits me.
This property used to be a part of Philadelphia City Hall. It has a majestic setting massive high ceilings with a high-class Victorian decor. The front desk is extremely professional friendly and very accommodating even as we arrived late on a Thursday night. The elevators are a little small. Lobby has a great atmosphere it is a huge bright space. The restaurant has a Starbucks inside it resembles more the living room feel. Quality the food was outstanding. Very prompt attentive professional service. Prices are little high. I was booked into a business sweet which was a phenomenal space. My microwave and refrigerator coffeemaker all worked great it was even open space on the wall to use my projector to practice my presentation. Plenty of plugs and Wi-Fi made it very business friendly hotel. Be careful it takes valet parking 30 minutes to get your car. This hotels a great location a lot of conveniences and shopping in close walking distance. Happy uses Chili's restaurant next-door is there room service delivery for in room dining. The bed was very comfortable the mattress was firm I was on the second floor the room was very quiet. Hotels across the street from the courthouse so there is a large police presence makes you feel very safe
Perfection from beginning to end! 
Great location and eye catching exterior as we pulled up.

I was greeted by Aaron who checked my cousins and I in with room keys as well as shared important information regarding the elevator and Wi-Fi. 

Beautiful breathtaking interior views as this place used to be a bank!! The high ceilings were awesome as well as some of the remnants from past bank decor.

When I walked into my clean guest room I was in awe. I loved the blue and white decor and the recurring theme of notary. The bathrooms were so chic and I loved the barn doors leading into bathroom and duplicated for shower.

The room was a great comfy size mattress w super plush bedding and plenty of pillows. 

The TV was huge in our room!! At least 50 inches, plenty of channels!! Great amenities such a bathrobe, quality toiletries, literature, refrigerator, extra towel bars, extra vanity spaces etc. 

This hotel was so cool and definitely earned me cool points w my cousins for our weekend venture. 

Marriott has always been a reputable brand w me and I'm certainly looking forward to staying in more "Marriott Autograph" collection hotels !!
I've stayed at the Courtyard previously before the renovations a few years ago, oh, this was needed and the rooms are a world apart!

When I previously stated it was dated but the location was so fantastic that it really didn't matter.

The hotel is centrally located to allow you to visit all the museums, historical landmarks, and downtown life. This makes the accommodations outstanding with its relatively low pricing.

The rooms; they are clean, spacious, and well managed and maintained.

The beds; the liens and bedding are soft with the mattresses pleasantly comfortable. Despite my preference of a firmer bed, I slept well all the evenings of my trip.

Pros
-location
   -night life
   -restaurants
   -historical landmarks
-pricing
-cleanliness

Cons
-business center not equipped
-lacks adequate fitness and pool 
-house restaurant isn't very good (but so many around it didn't really matter)
Titanium Marriott member. For a reason. Love their hotels.
First time stay here. 
This hotel just switched over from a Courtyard by Marriott to an Autograph Collection Hotel. The Notary is beyond stunning. Loved the history of the hotel and the incredible architecture and the rooms!

They do not have a concierge level so be aware in case you are expecting it. They do provide additional points or breakfast though which is great.

Room 209: with a view of City Hall. So cool because when we checked out it was National Coming Out day and City Hall was flying the GAY FLAG!!! Made my heart proud because my brother was gay (no longer living) and my nephew recently married his partner so this was amazing to see from the window.

Our room was quite large and beautifully decorated - just stunning!!

Was able to take a fab 6 mile run through Philly and down to the Schuykill River - perfect weather. Then walk to Federal Donuts (of course!!)

Excellent customer service from the front desk check-in. 
Would definitely stay here again.
Bottom Line:  A comfortable and unique hotel housed in the historic City Hall Annex.

My husband and I were torn between The Ritz and The Notary for our quick stay in Philly.  Having had so many great stays at Autograph Hotels in the past we went with The Notary.  Plus, I really like history and architecture.  From that standpoint, The Notary didn't disappoint.  I enjoyed the 1920s architecture and it was nice that the history of the hotel was provided inside the entry.  The decor was a nice fit for a circa 1920s building and the office building theme was tastefully carried throughout.

We had a basic King Room with an average view.  Ohh, how I would have loved a view of City Hall because well, I like architecture.   Our room was comfortable and quiet and the bathroom was nicely appointed with C.O. Bigelow bath products and a nice rain shower and hand sprayer shower head.

We didn't try the hotel's bar and restaurant but we did enjoy coffee from the coffee bar downstairs serving LaColombe coffee.  We also checked out the gym and found it to be a nice one for a hotel gym.

On past Philly trips I've stayed in the Old City.  I have to say that this part of town is a bit grittier than the Old City but the location is still good.  It's next door to the unique City Hall, close to parks and restaurants and just across the street from the subway stop.

Overall, I really liked this hotel but for $500+ a night, I would have felt better about the money spent if I could have gotten an upgraded room.  I never expect an upgrade but as a loyal Titanium Elite member I often do and it's always appreciated. At least we were able to get early check in and late check out which is also appreciated.
Valet parking seemed daunting at first glance but they moved quickly.
Serial checked me in; she was pleasant, efficient, and patient despite the number of people in the lobby and the number of people interrupting her. She also handled ever question as if it were anticipated.
My room was gorgeous!!!! Wow. 
Bummer no complementary breakfast buffet.
Amazing clean and large gym- 11 pieces of cardio and circuit, kettlebells, Ab ball, medicine balls, towels and wipes replenished. Water cooler with flat bottom paper cups (hate the cone-shaped cups!). Equipment includes an ab board! And the piece for leg raises for abs! 
Starbucks in the lobby but it doesn't take your Starbucks card but you can charge your room.
Maid service was great. 
Hotel location is great.
Would stay here again.
We stayed for two nights and the staff was very friendly. We picked this hotel based on the Yelp reviews. We were looking at 3 other hotels in the area, and this one had the best reviews and cost about $30 more per night. 

The hotel was built in the 1920's and all the same lighting and fixtures are original in the lobby. The rooms were much more updated than the lobby seems. The elevators seem outdated, not nice and are really slow. The elevator situation would be the biggest negative part of the hotel as there are long waits. You def get the downtown feel from staying here and you need your key card to enter the hotel to get into the lobby. This is necessary as we frequently found people trying to get into the building with us. 

Location 
The location of the hotel is great! You can walk anywhere around philly, about a 25 min from penns landing and the water, so it is very centrally located. I'd recommend federal donuts close by for breakfast or a snack.  

Parking 
There is valet parking for $42. I had read from other reviewers that there is no on site parking at the hotel, and that any of the parking lots (there are SO many) are cheaper. We parked at the convention center for $36 overnight and had no problem, with a very short walk to the hotel. Unless you are in a big rush, I'd just park elsewhere since there are so many options. 

Rooms 
We had a lovely, spacious room which was very nice. The bathroom was huge with a waterfall shower. The toiletries are CO Bigelow. You can sign into your netflix, amazon price, etc account on the tv. The only annoying thing about the rooms is that there are no plugs by the bed to charge your phone. They have a USB option, but if you have an Android phone you'll have to charge in another room. Our safe also was broken and didn't work, which surprised me. 

COVID
- there are three elevators that go slow and only two people per ride allowed so there is a line to use the elevator 
- the bar is still closed 
- breakfast is only pick up, no dine in 
- you can still order food from the hotel, but no room service
Initially got confused and went to the wrong Marriott. There are 2 Marriott's in the same vicinity which makes it easy to make an honest mistake if it's your first time in the area.

Our room was very spacious. I liked the open concept and all the space we had to lounge, sleep, and chill. The flat screen TV was updated which made me happy since NCAA March Madness was going on. The bathroom was outdated and I was disappointed in the limited counter space next to the sink.

The location is pretty decent it's near to the blue line subway and green line trolley. You're right next to City Hall and a short 10 minute walk from all the fun in Rittenhouse. About 2 blocks away, Reading Terminal Market is a great place to get some delicious eats! Next time I come back to Philly I wouldn't mind staying here again. Location is key!
marriot is super gross. there is a group of people gathering to support the rights of immigrants to live in peace. they are assembled hundreds of feet away from the marriott, but the hotel is still trying to evict them! thats reprehensible and suggests that marriot does not support american values of inclusion and tolerance. no thanks!
I found myself calling the Courtyard Marriott my Philadelphia "home" after a week's stay for a conference.  Well beyond the college-budget-travel mentality, I opt for comfort and a hint of style when choosing my hotel locations.  Here's what I found to be the great benefits to staying here: 

- Great location: one block away from the Reading Terminal Market and the Convention Center, across from City Hall, and nearby many SEPTA stations, and close to the LOVE sign.  Getting a taxi is ridiculously easy as they come by every few minutes to the valet station.

- The building was historically the City Hall Annex so it reflects the grand regal detail of the City Hall - detailed gold accent ceilings in the lobby, regal doorways, and a gold embellished mailbox.  The rooms have been renovated so they are clean, modern, with sophisticated details like the navy blue and gold printed carpeting, pointed wooden headboard, and printed wallpaper.  

-Amenities like the free wifi, refrigerator, and substantial cable channel options (like HBO, Foodnetwork, TLC, ESPN, Comedy TV, MTV, CNBC, The Weather Channel)

- Ice water, mixed with strawberries, is always available in the lobby - along with comfortable arm chairs.  It brought me back to my spa days!

- Great service at the concierge and valet stations.  If you stay as long as I did (the week long rate) the price is about $169 per night.  Great rate for a nice location in the heart of Philadelphia's City Center.
I've stayed here on business. Great location only blocks from Comcast Center and an abundance of great restaurants. 

The rooms are huge and it's clear that some updates have been done, but all in all the hotel is really tired and doesn't feel clean. The gym definitely needs to be sanitized ASAP. 

The W should be opening soon in Philly and I'll be staying there from here on out.
Stayed here because my cousin was getting married at the bellvue and I couldn't afford to stay there.  It was an ok experience.  We did have to move during our stay but that was hotels.com ' s fault not the hotel.  They were apologetic and gave us a big corner room.  Very cool.  Besides that it's a Courtyard style place.
Located right in the heart of Downtown Philly...Literally across the street from the Reading Terminal and Love Park, 15 min walk to the Liberty Bell,  2-short blocks to the malls, shopping, chinatown..so much to see!  Note - everything closes at 8pm on the weekdays :(

In regards to the hotel, it is not your cookie cutter Marriott. This property is beautiful and has so much history - once used as its City Hall Annex in the early 1900's.  

I stayed here for a few days for a work related training that I needed to attend. The rooms are large, decor inside the rooms needs to be updated, dark blue carpet, white walls, saving grace for me was the 42"  LG, and fast wifi  -  otherwise, very disappointing. 

I appreciated the location itself and the Starbucks and bar downstairs :)  There are two entrances -the main lobby which will lead you to Chestnut street where you can find a ton of boutiques, shopping and love park. The back entrance will lead you directly to the Reading Terminal, the historic Macy's and to the Liberty Bell.

I had plans to take the bus to NY after my business trip. The train station is literally 3-blocks away which made it very convenient for me. 

I don't know if I would necessarily choose this property for personal stay unless they had plans to update them.

Last thing, the cab ride from the airport to the hotel is about $8 and some change. =)
My girlfriend and I decided to visit the city of Philly for New Years. We booked reservations here 3 weeks in advance and arrived New Years Eve. We arrived a couple minutes early.. check in was at 3pm but they were more than happy to get us to our room. We stayed from the 31st to the 2nd.

I thought that it was cool we had to use our keycards to access the elevators. I guess its for security measures. We expected more from the room when we got in. No mini fridge or microwave. Good thing the market is located down the block and the 7-Eleven is open 24/7.

Room service cleaned up when we were gone. I thought that that was cool. Cept for them leaving a bag of leftovers but throwing away our liquor and red bull (*__*)  when we choose to visit Philly again we may stay here since we get points and such and the stay overall was good and reasonably priced.

P.S.. do not.. I repeat do not eat bfast in the Annex (located w/in the facility) I payed $38 for me and my significant other. Same price I payed for dinner that same night at El Vez (Excluding drinks) Hence, the Bfast was bland and expensive.
I had searched and searched for a fabulous hotel to stay in Philly, this time in the City Hall area, and after lots of research, I opted for the Courtyard Philadelphia Downtown and boy and I glad that I did! 

Not only is this place absolutely stunning, but it is a historic site and is nestled right where you want to be in downtown Philly. The architecture on the inside and out are original to the building and has a very unique look, but coincides with the architecture of City Hall. From the hotel, you can see William Penn standing at the top of City Hall, and overlook the square below. 

We arrived and were of course helped with our luggage. When we checked in, I mentioned that I knew we were early but wanted to see if they had a room available. Not only was there a room available, but because of it being hubs' birthday (why we were in Philly) we got an upgrade to the executive suite on the top floor!!!! SCORE!!!

When we made it to the room, we both were just in awe of how gorgeous this room was. It was very modern, decorated in an artsy/trendy way, and our windows (on both sides since we were on the corner) was eye to eye with City Hall. The bed was comfy, the couch was huge and gorgeous, the bathroom and shower was impeccable, and the staff were so kind and friendly. Everyone from the front desk. bellmen, and housekeeping were all geared towards making our stay as enjoyable as possible. 

We utilized the fitness center each day and it was also gorgeous and had a great view of Reading Terminal Market. We also used the restaurant for breakfast one morning, the Starbucks, and the little market area near the front desk for bottles waters, beer, and some snack options. 

Our stay was one of the best hotel stays I have ever experienced and will continue to be my home in Philly next time we visit.
If I could give a negative Star I would.  I've had one of the worst valet experiences.  Upon arrival, instead of asking if we were checking in, the valet asked if we were picking someone up and also asked to make sure we got the correct Marriott, whatever that's supposed to mean.  (Mind you, my husband and I are Asian.)  Then when we were returning from lunch, one of the African-American gentleman asked if I was making a delivery!!  He didn't even open the door for me and assumed that since I was carrying a bag I was delivering take-out.  Not only until my husband gave him the keys did he realize we were guests.  I was so shocked I just stared at him.  I've never felt this much DISCRIMINATION on the east coast.  It's such a shame since the rooms are newly renovated.  We will definitely NEVER stay here again.
Ask for a room facing city hall and on a high floor. You will be blown away by the view.

Trust me.

In my opinion best value in the city.

Normal Marriott rooms but updated and beautiful to boot lobby and meeting rooms.
Pretty average by Marriott standards.  Front desk staff sucks.  There's nothing i hate more than being greeted (or rather not even greeted) by a bunch of people who clearly hate their jobs and hate dealing with hotel guests.  

Rooms are decent size, clean, etc.  Like i said, pretty standard.  Great location, unless you're staying here to visit UPenn, then it's totally out of the way.
This hotel is in a great location and is only a few minutes away from the Reading Terminal Market, Philadelphia Convention Center, and Chinatown, as well as the historical sites. The service here was excellent. Even though I booked through Priceline(in which I got a fabulous deal), the front-desk worker accommodated my needs when I asked him if he had a room with double beds, he gave me a room with a pull out sofa but still, it was nice of him to look for one.  

Amazingly, this hotel offers FREE wifi, while the Marriott across the street does not, which is flabbergasting. There is a Starbucks and restaurant in the lobby, which is convenient for people who want a snack or quick meal. However, the Starbucks does not accept gift cards. I did not try the pool and fitness center, but took a look at them and they seem very good. Overall, this is a great hotel to stay at if you want a great experience at a great location.
I was so disappointed by my stay here that I cut it short and moved over to the Marriott down the road after one night.  Upon check-in, I was confused by what amenities were available, since I was under the impression that breakfast was free for platinum elite members.  The floor manager explained nicely that I was mistaken, but offered free breakfast vouchers to both myself and my coworker.  The breakfast vouchers never appeared for either of us, and I was placed in a room with two full-sized beds instead of a king with no explanation, which is something that should never happen to elite members.

After I complained to Marriott Guest Services, the Courtyard manager gave me a personal apology via email and awarded me generous bonus points.  Maybe the level of service in Philadelphia is different than the other hundred cities I've stayed in, because my experience at the Marriott wasn't much better.
I'm a Marriott Elite Member and have stayed at many Marriotts - this has to be the worst. The lobby is deceiving - yes it is nice, but that is where the nice stops. 

1) The walls are paperthin. Be careful what you say, because you'll hear everything your next door neighbor says... and does. 

2) The beds are terrible. I mean, no way are you not supposed to get a back ache and a restless night sleep by sleeping on this bed. 

3) The sheets don't stay on the bed. Even the slightest movement and you are seeing the mattress. 

4) In room coffee leaves a lot to be desired. You're forced to go downstairs and get Starbucks. 

5) The bathroom products aren't great. Bring your own. 

6) Parking is $40! There's a lot nearby that is $30, but you can also find street parking - which is payable in 2 or 4 hour increments, and free on Sunday. I was lucky enough to only pay for 1 night of parking before moving it to the street. 

7) Wifi is free. But it is BASIC wifi. If you want to stream a movie or connect to a VPN, it's going to be $8.95/day.
I stayed here for one Thursday night in October.  Usually, I wouldn't review a place for a one night stay, but the staff was particularly helpful.  

The room was modern and bright, despite the one small window.  The sink is separate from the toilet and shower, good for when you're sharing a room.  The bathroom was a little dark.

I was working a career fair at the Convention Center nearby, and I needed something printed.  They have 3 computers out in the open, but you have to get access from the front desk to use.  After waiting in line, I was told that if I just needed something printed, I could email it to the front desk.  Rather than figuring out how to use those guest computers, I went back up to my room, and sent the file.  Then I returned to the front desk where the employee confirmed how many copies I needed and printed them out.

We also benefited from checked baggage, which included actual claim tags.  There were a lot of people with the same idea, so it did take 15 minutes to retrieve our bags at 4 on a Friday afternoon.  

When Uber was having trouble getting to us, they hailed a large taxi for us.

A good city hotel with great staff.
Unethical valet service!  My car had some minor damage that I brought to their attention.  They went away and came back with a piece of paper with a circle on it where the damage was saying that the damage was already there and they check all cars when they get them in.  They proceeded to mansplain to me about how it is impossible for them to get a door ding because there are no poles in the lot (as if car dings can't happen from hitting other doors).  After several minutes of this I gave up and left only to later realize that the paperwork they showed my did not have the big obvious scratch on the car's other side.  So clearly when I told then about the damage they went in the back and falsified documentation to mark up the damage I had pointed out that they had caused but had not actually checked the car on arrival.
I booked at this property for a weekend stay of 2 nights over President's Day weekend.  I picked this hotel because it was inexpensive ($335 for two nights) centrally located so I could walk to most places, and because it was only a block or two from Reading Terminal Market.  I would recommend this hotel based on all the reasons listed above, and emphasize that being close to Reading Terminal Market is about the best place you could possibly be in Philly.  I originally wanted to stay in the Rittenhouse Square area but decided my belly was more important than my eyes.  This hotel is also convenient to Chinatown and not a far walk to shopping districts, Old Town, the Liberty Bell area, and museums.  I was very happy when we arrived at the hotel 2-3 hours before check-in time and were able to check-in early.  The front desk staff were warm and personable at both check-in and check-out.  My room was a slightly more funky version of a typical Courtyard Marriott room and my only complaint maybe be that the walls were a bit thin, but I was only bother by it for about 5 minutes while the women in the next room was yelling at her bad ass kids.  Overall I would definitely stay here again.
My family and I stayed here for 5 nights. They are right next to other Marriott brands in Philadelphia Downtown, including Marriott Hotel, Ritz-Carlton, and Marriott Residence Inn.

Pros:
1. The Courtyard Philadelphia Downtown is a historic site. Gorgeous architecture and interior. Got a great view of the City Hall.
2. Great location. About 10-15 minutes from University City by commute and 15 minutes from Chinatown by foot. Lots of amazing shops and restaurants around the area! My family and I visited Independence Hall and went around mostly by foot.
3. Very friendly, efficient front desk staff. They were patient and answered all our questions. I had a FedEx package delivered to the hotel which they tracked and offered to deliver to my room.
4. Rooms are large and very comfortable. Beds were a little too soft but it's not a big deal. I'm just used to stiffer mattresses.
5. Very friendly cleaning staff--my family and I chose not to do room service one day, and the cleaning lady who was about to clean a room next door asked if we needed any extra clean towels and bath and body products. Thank you!!
6. Lots of transportation options! Across from Market Station, lots of taxis, and SEPTA bus service! If you choose to rent a car for your stay, the hotel offers overnight parking at $42 (not including tax). 
7. Quick express checkout on day you leave. If paying by card, they will slip a bill already balanced at $0 the morning you check out. So efficient!

Cons:
1. The cleaning staff aren't very thorough. On our first day, we found an empty plastic case at the foot of one of the beds.
2. Few dining options within hotel. There is one restaurant, NINETEEN 26, and an adjoining Starbucks that does not accept Starbucks gift cards/reward cards.
3. Slow "high speed" internet, haha. At least they offer free Wi-Fi!

Easy transportation to and from Philadelphia International Airport. To get to the hotel, the cheapest option is to go through Lady Liberty Transportation ($10) that runs every 10-15 minutes from the airport. They only run on certain times of the day, though. Check with PHL. We took a taxi back to the airport at a flat rate of about $28.
Decent rates, smallish but clean rooms.
In-house Starbucks and a small mediocre restaurant - and Chili's for room service (What-ehv).

VERY convenient location though - you can walk to everything and you are steps away from the Broad Street Line.

Added bonus:  watch the "Parade of Lawyer" and jurors march into court on weekday mornings.

Added risk:  MANY homeless panhandlers abound.
This is not your typical Courtyard hotel.  Most Courtyards I've stayed at are in strip malls, or tucked away in the suburbs.  This one is smack in the middle of center city Philly.  Great view of the courthouse and Rittenhouse Square right across the street.  Less than a block walking distance to Reading Terminal Market, and really right in the middle of everything center city has to offer.

The hotel itself is in an old, repurposed city office building, so you get that historic feel, with a very well appointed and designed hotel.  We were in town for a wedding, and this hotel was booked for all out of town attendees, so we had a really good nightly rate for a high-end hotel.  It really seemed like it should have been a main-line Marriott instead of a Courtyard, but that's not really important.

We ate at the on-site restaurant for the breakfast buffet.  All the food was great, and great service as well.  You can get the everyday buffet items (which were delicious), or you can get made to order omelets, waffles, scrambles etc.

The rooms themselves were nice as well.  Seems like they've been updated recently, so the design is nice and fresh.  The only negative experience we encountered was a dark stain on the outside of the shower curtain.  We spent such a small amount of time in the room that I didn't even bring it to the attention of the hotel staff, but something the cleaning staff should pay more attention to.

And... if you want to try a really good Philly cheesesteak, walk to Reading Terminal Market a block away and try one of the cheesesteak joints in there.  They are more authentic than Geno's and Pat's tourist trap steak shops, but be prepared to wait in line, especially during the weekdays at lunch time.
I am a gold member and think this is THE worlds worst Marriott. I have never had a Marriott tell me what they can't do over and over and over. The fact that it's an older hotel is fine. The fact that I stay at Marriotts all over the world and this is the first courtyard I have ever stayed at that remind you that they can't do dinner or lunch for you, or their hotel is old and so they have limitations for a workout is completely unacceptable. I wouldn't stay here ever again if they gave me a room for free!

Stay somewhere else folks. They don't care about their customers.
The best courtyard I've ever stayed at. And I've tried a few. Great rooms and buffet style breakfast in a historic and luxurious building.
In town for a couple days attending a Conference and am staying here. The Conference is elsewhere within walking distance.

It is a Courtyard for sure. Check in painless, room upgraded, service with a smile and they know me. No surprises. I stayed here about 8 years ago but am a Marriott regular when traveling. 

Had a bite in the hotel restaurant and the bartender was friendly and efficient. They have a nice selection of wines and I had a glass, a Hogue cab. The club sandwich was a great value, ingredients were tasty and the size was absurd. I did manage to eat most of it. 

There is a Starbucks in the lobby. Convenient. No room service but they have order and pick up service. I did not use it. 

For a mid range hotel in Philly it is tough to beat. Location is perfect.

Only suggestion I have is regarding the tv cable service in the room. Except for three or four channels the picture quality was horrible and choice of broadcasts was poor. 

I would stay here again when in town.

Mark.
Great hotel in the heart of Philadelphia for the value, the experience, and the added historic element.  Freshly opened all the rooms have been remodeled and feature updated beds and bathrooms.  Plenty of towels and decent products in the bathrooms and plenty of USB plus throughout the room I think I counted 6! 

The lobby is beautifully renovated as shown in my pictures, another well done updated autograph property by Marriott.

If you're in the Philly area I highly recommend, close to all the bars and restaurants even on a cold winter night.  

The check in staff were super friendly and well trained they knew every Marriott platinum elite perk which is rare these days it seems.  Looking at you The Renaissance by Marriott in old city Philly.

Couple of perks:
1. Free breakfast for platinum elite or higher or points
2. 1000 points and check in for platinum elite or higher
3. High quality bath products
4. Updated spaces 
5. Super friendly and knowledgeable staff
I was a little wary of staying at an Autograph property because they can be a little grumpy, stingy, (or pick your own negative adjective), when it comes to honoring Bonvoy elite program benefits.

However in this case we were able to use Titanium suite nights to upgrade to a "studio" suite. While only one room, it had great views and was a large space for our stay. The location was very convenient to shopping, restaurants, and some of the attractions.

 I'm usually disappointed with the free elite benefits breakfast options outside of the core Marriott hotels. While not great, it was ok at this property. You had three choices ((1)continental, (2)pancakes, (3)OR eggs, toast, potatoes, and bacon) of a fairly substantive breakfast with coffee and juice. Service was also good.

A couple of minor annoyances to pass along for you to consider/ prepare accordingly. HBO did not work the entire time. While not offered in the published amenities list there are no robes. For me this is a nice amenity, and I just assumed at this price point, but I don't blame the hotel, since they never promised one, but if you like having a robe you may want to pack one.

As a final tip, consider skipping valet parking and think about parking your car in a nearby garage. We used the SpotHero app and saved even more than the published, garage rates. The total garage price was about $30 for three days! However, you may need to do valet parking if you plan on driving your car during your stay. For us, walking or Uber/Lyft was a more convenient option and saved over $100.

Would we stay again? Yes, given the room size, view, and location, this is a solid choice for visiting Philadelphia in a comfortable environment.
Considering that I was in a king executive room, I was a bit disappointed.  This was the only room available, so I was anticipating not only a larger room, but one that was a bit more well appointed.  Instead, the room was a very standard Courtyard room, just bigger.  It had an entry way and a couch area, but other than that, the bed (while a king size), was the same as any other room's.  The desk was also the same.  

So, I basically just had a big, basic room.  I did have a corner room, so I had a view (sort of).  

The staff was nice, though I barely interacted with them.  Check out is done by voicemail on the way out.  I didn't love the need to use my room key to get up in the elevators, but I can understand why they are using this extra safety precaution.

I was happy to have free internet (as my colleagues were at the Marriott Downtown, which required $12/day).  

Breakfast was either at the Starbucks downstairs or the full service restaurant.  I am one to eat quickly and something light, so I chose Starbucks.  It was fine, but nothing special.

 The rooms were clean, so nothing amis there, but decor is a somewhat outdated and the rooms could use a refresh.
I took my mom to Philadelphia for a weekend getaway, and the Courtyard was a great place to stay. We had a city view from our room and it was beautiful seeing the busy streets and historical buildings of downtown Philly.

The location was perfectly located downtown Philly, walking distance to Reading Market Terminal, Love Park and other Historical landmarks.

What makes Marriott the perfect selection for a hotel is because the Customer Service is Top Notch. We had a couple of MVP's that assisted us and made our stay a wonderful experience. Calvin was friendly and willing to assist us with directions and our bags, he went over the call of duty. Aaron checked us into the hotel and also informed us about the Plush bus which was a great bargain and we enjoyed riding it. 

They had construction going on so it was a little confusing getting to our side of the hotel. However, it was well worth it once we saw our beautiful room. We would definitely stay here again.
I stayed in the Courtyard this past week when staying in Philly and I have to say that I'm extremely impressed. I never find Courtyards to be exceptional, but I think this one was. 

The room itself was extremely comfortable and well designed- the hallways were funky, and the staff was kind albeit not as knowledgeable as I was hoping. 

My stay was extremely pleasant, and I'll be more than happy to stay here again.
On my recent visit to the city of Brotherly love, I chose this Marriott to stay at after a search online for good rates & a "name-brand" hotel.  The location was just right, as was the price.  

Driving up to the valets, they were friendly & welcoming.  I gave them my car, and headed on inside.  

The front desk staff was rather rude (as someone else has stated) and didn't seem to want to do their job.  

My hotel room/elevator keys never seemed to work right so I had to attempt several times before the card seemed to gain me the access.

Rooms were clean, and of a decent size.  The beds rock, but then again I am partial to the Courtyard Marriott beds & pillows as they are top notch.
In a pinch, I found my stay at this hotel so fantastic, that I booked a future stay here after I checked out.

Aaron, Jamal, and the rest of the staff were incredibly welcoming and appreciative of my business when I came in for an early check-in. All my requests were honored in a professional manner and no job was too small for them to handle.

The location of the hotel is fantastic. It is right near City Hall, Chinatown, the Reading Terminal Market, 30th St station, and close by several SEPTA subway stations so you are not fully dependent on rideshares to get you where you need to go.

The room itself was lovely. My bed was comfortable and the room was spacious considering the area I had. I did not feel crammed in any way. My only complaint was the shower floor was a bit hard on my feet, but overall it was not intolerable. 

I recommend this hotel 100%.
The staff at the hotel is extremely friendly and great at providing recommendations of what to do at nearby venues. They are in the process if renovating the hotel and at this point have complete floors 11 and up. I stayed in a newly renovated room in the 14th floor. The renovations have updated the room with a view nice colorful style that makes an enjoyable stay.

The only problem I encountered was that the drain in the shower was very slow and the bath tub was half filled with water by the time I left. I informed an employee on checkout and she immediately called maintenance.
Great location right next to City Hall.  Just a couple of blocks from Reading Terminal Market next to all the snazzy restaurants and stores.  All the things you can normally find in a Courtyard.

40" TVs, great fitness center, indoor swimming pool.  Valet parking is $45/day though with in and out privileges.  The $32 option is for a parking garage not affiliated with the hotel and you will not have in and out privileges.  So choose wisely.
No complaints. The staff were very friendly and accomodating. The room was nice with a great bed. Fantastic location, of course. The facility is clean and very well-maintained.
What an amazing and fun weekend!! My first time in Philly and so happy we picked this hotel. It's right at the center of the city!!! Parking garage was near by behind the hotel (on top of Chili's) where one entrance faces the Reading Terminal and the other at Commerce & 13th.  Friendly staff- especially the front desk!!! 
Stay away from the "open" parking lot where you have to leave your keys and you can't go in or out. It's beside the hotel. Valet is available too but I opted not to use it. 
Starbucks at the lobby! 
There's a Marriott right behind this hotel but this one has a great view of the city! We had Rm 804 facing the city. Perfect view. The beds are comfy. The rooms are clean. 
We used Uber to get around. We saw a lot touring all around town. 
We will definitely be back and using this hotel.
I booked this hotel on the Marriott app for a one night stay while passing through. I requested early check-in, extra pillows, and a high level floor and got all three! After doing the express check-in on the app, I simply needed to present my name and ID at the desk and they gave me my room key. The view from the room was spectacular and the room was very clean and the beds were quite comfortable. The hotel has a very elegant look and is conveniently located in the center of town. Parking on-site is very expensive which is to be expected in a major city. We parked one block away for $15 less so it helps to look around for parking before committing to on-site. 

Cleanliness: 5/5
Comfort: 5/5
Appearance: 5/5
Value: 5/5
Parking value: 3/5
Planned an impromptu stay in one of my favorite cities Philadelphia. Naturally I checked Groupon to see what deals we can get on hotels and sure enough I booked The Marriott Courtyard Downtown. The hotel is a surprise before you pay. It's revealed upon checkout. The day I booked Groupon was giving an extra 20% off and includes breakfast and free evening refreshments.
What made this hotel appealing was it was in the center of things like Rittenhouse Square, Independence Hall, Reading Terminal Market and other historical monuments.
The hotel is very warm and inviting. The concierge were very helpful and accommodating. There is a Starbucks in house ( don't worry Dunkin fans  there is a Dunkin around the corner.)
The rooms are super comfy and big enough: we had 2 queen size beds and a nice size bathroom.
Check in time is 4pm but we arrived at 2 and were allowed to go up to our room.
There's a lot to see in Downtown Philly and a great place to stay is the Courtyard.
Best Courtyard in Philly.  Actually best courtyard I have been to in the world.   

Back between 2002-2004 I stayed at this hotel over 200 days per year for those two years.   

Rooms are cleaned well, nice flat screen.   Staff are always friendly.

Right in the heart of Center City, walking distance all the shopping, chinatown, business district and night life.   Can't beat this place.
The location is very convenient for me when work takes me to Philly, just a short cab hop from the office and right up the street from some good dining.

I usually stay at Marriotts when traveling, and this one meets the usual expectations of a good-sized room, clean, decent bed and good appointments.

The room overlooked the giant, ancient City Hall and gave a gorgeous view up the boulevard. As I found out at 8PM, the bells in City Hall really do ring on the hour!

I enjoyed my stay and will definitely stay here again on my next visit to the City of Brotherly Love.
Stayed here for New Year's Eve a few weeks ago and although I liked the look of the room, you are pretty much paying strictly for the location alone. You are in the heart of downtown right by Chinatown, Reading Terminal Market (though closed on New Year's), Love Park, and near Penn's Landing and a whole slew of great restaurants.

As you can imagine, downtown Philadelphia on New Year's Eve is not cheap, but Courtyard is flat out overpriced. In addition to the high cost for the room, valet parking will run you about $45 after valet tax, then add a few more bucks for tip (note: this is about the going rate for valet parking at downtown Philly hotels, but as others had mentioned, there are less expensive parking options nearby, especially if you do not need covered parking).

My main gripe with this hotel is the PAPERTHIN WALLS. You can hear your neighbors talking. Absolutely horrible for New Year's Eve.

Additionally, we had a partial view room, which apparently meant that the sole window in the room was going to be small (essentially wasting the view, as the room was still facing City Hall - SEE PHOTO). I found this to be strange.

The regular Marriott located right around the corner is better than this Courtyard by Marriott.
I reserved one night at this hotel for somewhat last minute plans. The location was great as it was in walking distance from a number of restaurants and was pretty easy to find. The hotel staff members were pleasant and the valet parking comparatively pricey to nearby hotels. The room left a lot to be desired; it served its purpose, but was surprisingly outdated and dusty (literally). In addition, the tub, faucet and handle were greasy for an unknown reason and the bathtub drain rather slow. There was also not much of a view from the room (room 1102); the room faced another building, and the walls were surprisingly thin. Every time a door was closed nearby, the walls in the room shook and I could hear the people talking and laughing in the next room quite clearly. I'm glad I only stayed one night.
Good location, very nice building, good clean rooms. 

Set in an old historic (bank?) building in downtown Philadelphia, you're right next to the Reading Terminal Market, and a 30-minute walk from the Old City or the Philadelphia Museum. They've a Starbucks in the lobby which is convenient. Hotel staff are friendly!

Avoid walking on Market or Filbert Street - take Chestnut instead. 

Watch for inevitable if only occasional (and mostly harmless) vagrants in the squares nearby. 

Recommended.
This former City Hall Annex has been converted to a fabulous hotel.Located in the middle of everything and plenty of amenities I enjoyed our holiday stay.Large rooms and clean facilities.Helpful staff
Room service here is from Chilli's restaurant.
But they have a decent restaurant in house and there is also a multitude of other restaurants to try in brief walking distance to this hotel.  My view from this hotel was awesome and I believe that yours would be too as it appears to be "front loaded" to help guarantee that.
The hotel has an awesome antique phone in the lobby at the desk that is actually functional.  I  found the rates to be fair here also during a busy time when they could have gouged us.
The front desk staff was excellent and the purchasing team ensured that a package I was waiting for get to me most immediately upon delivery to the hotel extremely early in the morning!
Though our room afforded us an unparalleled view of city hall and downtown Philadelphia, our overall experience was poor. If you valet your car, don't expect to get it in a timely fashion; we were made to wait 1:15 for our car, causing us to miss the wedding ceremony we were in town for. Calling the front desk for any type of service is futile; our calls went unanswered for a half hour. When someone finally did answer, the luggage cart we requested never showed up. A beautiful lobby and location can not and did not make up for poor customer service.
Very nice and inviting hotel. Great staff, wonderful dcor, and the restaurant had an amazing cake.

I was helped several times by Khalia P. at the front desk - so warm and helpful! Great customer service. Super fast turnaround on dry cleaning, too. Each of the rooms have a slightly different feel and layout, probably because it is an historic building.

Would recommend to anyone staying in the downtown Philadelphia area. VERY close to the LOVE statute, Convention Center, and Reading Terminal Market. Half of our group was staying at the big Marriott and would come to the Courtyard to hang out with us because it was more fun.
Okay so the hotel itself- definitely 4 stars. My room was nice. Modern, spacious and QUIET! They accommodated my request for a higher room without hesitation. Overall for the price, you're winning in value.

Now the reason for the 3 stars - I swear, the check in process felt like...let me think...picture whatever city you're from or have visited and you thought to yourself while sitting in traffic /DANG there's a lot of traffic...well picture that wait...but not in a car, not IN a train, not on a bus and not on a plane ...BUT standing, standing in the same spot for like 40 minutes while the REALLY nice might I add front desk staff scrambles to check in people. There were like 5 of them behind the desk yet things were moving like quicksand....,.wait...quicksand is faster.
Fantastic hotel located near everything. There is even a fantastic Dunkin Donuts on the corner to visit each morning. The beds were comfortable, the room smelled nice and the views are beautiful. 

Huge tv, nice size bathroom, pull out couch, lovely pillows.

I loved how they had ice cold water with fresh strawberries in the lobby. So refreshing. 

The valet is $38+$7.50 tax so don't do that. There is a parking garage right down the street that is soo much cheaper. 

Everyone was really nice there!
Not impressed.  Room was dirty and had a musty odor.  Beds weren't very comfortable and sheets didn't fit well on mattress.  The good: Location is excellent with many outstanding restaurants within walking distance.
I was disappointed with my Marriott experience, mainly because the cost for two nights exceeded the expectations. The room was clean, but it wasn't overly nice. It was a little dingy. Maybe I expected too much from the Marriott, as I'm sure this hotel is used a LOT by tourists. Even so, this is one of those few instances that Marriott made me regret not looking further for a cheaper place that may not have had the same dingy feel to it; or atleast had a price that corresponded with the room quality.
Wow, what a great stay I had! The hotel was awesome! The hotel is located in the heart of downtown Philly and has great views from all around! The rooms were large,clean,and spacious. The wifi is free and it is strong and well-received. The hotel met all of the needs that we asked about and then some. The view from my room at night was amazing! This hotel is definitely one of the better hotels I have stayed at in my life! 5/5
Location is great and so is hotel lobby but rooms are outdated and not that relaxing.  Rooms are very small.  Would not recommend to a family or 4 or more.  Also, no free breakfast like most Courtyard by Marriott's.  Pool is also very small.  $40 for parking per night as well.

On the plus side, staff is really great and friendly and there is a Starbuck's in the hotel.  Reading Market is a one minute walk as well.  Free Wifi.  There are two other Marriott hotels adjacent to this one and a Chilis and Maggianos across the street.  Next time I am in town, I will look at those hotels first.
It was an upscale Courtyard by Marriott - with nicer than usual rooms - but also more expensive than your other non-centrally located Courtyard.   It is on the corner of the "ring" road around the city hall - and centrally located.  

A nice place to stay for business stay-over once a while.
i went here with my mother and father. first of all parking sucked soooo bad and the pool went only three feet deep and the hot tup had a gross scum groth. We found a cocaroach in the POOL the  pools shower room had one little box shower the location was some what nice at the end of our stay we waited for the valley for one hour
I have stayed at this hotel many times and it is always my hotel of choice when visiting Philadelphia.  The service is great, food in the restaurant is fantastic, and the beds make you fall right to sleep.  Valet service for your vehicle is excellent and the entire staff make you feel welcome.  The hotel is very close to so many attractions.  When in Philly, please consider the Courtyard Marriott.
We've stayed here before but the shine was off this time. It's a huge hotel w/ a nice little pool area, great for kids, but the room smelled musty--old cigarettes?--and everything seemed a little more used than it used to. Also I couldn't for the life of me find an outlet in my bedroom to plug my phone into.
A nice hotel in downtown Philadelphia located blocks from the Reading Terminal. It is a long walk to Independence Hall but there are not too many hotels in that area. You are also located near Chinatown. 

They serve breakfast in the morning but it's overpriced. I would have rather eaten at a local coffee shop. 

There is free Internet service in the rooms and valet parking.
I've made several trip to Philly over the past few years and this past weekend was the first time I stayed at the Courtyard Downtown. In comparison to the other places I've stayed, Courtyard Downtown has been the absolute best. Price, room, cleanliness, decor and service were all great. The people at the front desk were incredibly helpful and accommodating. I plan on making this my go to hotel when visiting Philly!
Nice hotel with a great locations. Always priced right compared to others in the area. Valet parking can be hard to get to during busy times so arrive earlier then expected. Rooms are large and clean. My only complaint is the elevators. I dont know why but they take forever. It is not unusually to wait 5 - 10 minutes for them to arrive. Most people get frustrated and simply take the steps. Other then that everything is great and i will be back.
Stayed here recently for 4 nights, visiting Philly on work. My room was on 7th floor facing city and was nice, big and clean. The view of the city from my room window was beautiful day and night. It was a bit noisy with the city traffic. The bed was very comfortable and it was a big deal for me. The bathroom  had a nice rain shower and was big and nice. Didn't realize this hotel doesn't provide hair dryer. Well didn't need to use one, but I think this is the first time I stayed in a hotel that doesn't provide hair dryer. The room service was great, did a goo job of doing the bed and keeping the room clean and fresh. 

The elevators were little slow and the front entrance was crowded most of the time with valet service cars and patrons waiting for cabs, as the front entrance to the hotel has a very small area. But the staff were helpful and provided good service, every day morning when I needed a cab. 

Didn't dine at the restaurant, but bought couple of items in the Starbucks in the lobby level and the restaurant seating area looked big and nice. Didn't use the pool or the fitness center.

The hotel is in prime location and one evening went to visit independence hall and walked back to the hotel as the weather was beautiful. 

Many of the local restaurants do deliver to the hotel and got my dinner delivered couple of nights, as I ended up staying in the room on the two hottest nights (107 Degrees with heat index). Had to to go to the lobby to receive the food delivery, which was fine. Lobby had a nice seating area with a TV. 

Overall I enjoyed my stay here and will definitely go back next time I am in town.
I really enjoyed my stay at this particular Courtyard.  I was in town for a wedding and I found this hotel to be very nice.  This location is upgraded some your run of the mill Courtyard (and I mean better than the lobby upgrades that Marriott has been doing) because its right next to City Hall in Philly.  There is valet parking - which I did not do and I am glad I didn't because supposedly it takes a LONG time to get your car.  Luckily there is a garage right around the corner for the Convention Center but parking can be a little bit pricey and the hotel does not validate.

The rooms are nicer than regular Courtyards and so are the beds.  Definitely worth staying at this location.  I cannot comment on the rates because luckily I had a group rate for the wedding so it might be pricier than what I paid.

If you are in the city for anything, you cannot beat the location of this Courtyard.
I was a bit stuck on whether to give them a 2-star or a 4-star rating, so I compromised on a 3-star rating. My "which rating do I give" problem is based on the very mixed experience I had with this hotel.

On the side of giving this hotel a 4-star rating was:
* the hotel's desk, bellhop and other staff were excellent - courteous, friendly and attentive
* the hotel - with its renovations - made for a very comfortable stay
* the hotel's location made it great for being able to walk or take a carriage-ride to a lot of the downtown Philadelphia attractions

On the side of giving this hotel a 2-star rating was my experience with my car.
* The day we tried to check in, there was absolutely no place to safely get off the road to unload. They had a major backlog of cars waiting to be parked by their valet service. After the third orbit of the blocks surrounding the hotel, a half a space opened up, allowing me to get most of the way off of the road so I could unload the car
* Speakiing of backlog: when returning your car to you, the service is ghastly-slow. They tell you to budget up to an HOUR to get your car back. Simply not acceptable.
* If you happen to drive a stick-shift, you may have happen to you what happened to us: the car gets delivered, REEKING of the stench of burnt clutch. It's very apparent that some of their drivers have no clue how to drive stick (and that their valet service doesn't verify or train their employees to properly handle vehicles) and your transmission will pay the price
* Upon lodging a complaint about the valet service, the hotel management's response is essentially "sorry: we've outsourced that - take it up with the valet company". Not acceptable. A hotel's management is 100% responsible for the actions carried out on the hotel's behalf.

So, I'd say that, if you traveled to Philadelphia by plane or train and arrive at the hotel via cab or car-service, this is probably a 4-star hotel. If, on the other hand, you need to drive to the hotel, particularly if you didn't drive there in a rental car, you would be well -advised to find another hotel to stay at.
Great location, very clean room and friendly staff. I am very cautious about cleanliness (especially after the Philadelphia bed bug epidemic) and I felt totally comfortable, as our room was spotless. 

The hotel looses a star for three reasons - 

1. The heating/cooling vent made a TERRIBLE noise constantly. It was a high-pitched whirring, and sounded like someone was taking a shower upstairs or next door. Very annoying.
2. The elevators were very slow.
3. The valet service was lousy - we called to retrieve our car, they said it would arrive in 20 minutes. An hour later, it finally arrived. The front desk staff was pretty accommodating though, and removed the $38 valet charge from our bill. 

I would stay here again (but park my car somewhere else)!
Great business. People who are trolling with negative comments need to check their privilege. They are using everything for their gain and don't care about anyone else.
I'm staying here for a work-related conference (convention center is less than five minute walk) so I can't comment on the price, since I'm not paying for it. But if you are able to get a good rate, this is a very clean, comfortable hotel with authentic historic credentials, and it's a great location for touring the city. The staff has been helpful and courteous.

There's all sorts of restaurants, shops, clubs, museums, and historic sites within walking distance. It was a breeze to get to from the airport ($7 SEPTA train ride to the Market East Station -- you can get even closer with one transfer), and there are plenty of buses and trains in the area. There always seem to be taxis available, too.
 and, in a pinch, taxis seem ever present.
Excellent location in the city. The hotel is a bit on the classic side (older, but nicely decorated). The rooms are an average size and are comfortable, although some of the furniture looks a bit worn. They have a Starbucks inside along with another restaurant, but breakfast is not included. At this point I've stayed in my share of Marriott's and this is average relative to the others. No amenities and nothing that really stood out other than the location.
This is one of the nicest Courtyards I've ever stayed in.  The hotel is located in a historic building and fortunately they have retained much of its charm.  That being said, the rooms are renovated and very modern. The staff was exceptionally friendly and definitely up to Marriott's high standards.  My one complaint about the property was that the elevators were very slow.

Take my advice: DO NOT accept a room with an adjoining door.  You will hear everything that your neighbors do. I had some loud partiers next door and the security guard wouldn't do anything about it because he said he couldn't hear their noise from the hall (???) but I they finally quieted down (I think when they heard me arguing with security) and check-out gave me some bonus points for the inconvenience.
There is no room service before 5pm. I have never stayed at a hotel where I wasn't able to have breakfast in bed...

There was also a used tampon in the trash bin in the bathroom.
A decent hotel. Located right next to city hall, it is a very good location to be able to walk around most of Philadelphia. They bring out strawberry water during the day, which is delicious, but take it away pretty early. I'm used to courtyards, even in big cities (boston, chicago), always having water out. The elevators are super slow, and very very small. The room was a standard size, and everything seemed pretty clean. Brand name hair cleaning products were a plus. The parking is valet at $38/day. Don't do this. There are cheaper garages to be found - use one of them. Overall, a good hotel - one I would stay at again the next time I'm in Philly.
Courtyard right at Penn Square.  Valet parking is the only option provided by the hotel.  24/7 access with the valet.  Rooms are a nice size but as one would expect a little old, mainly the bathroom.  Elevator was slow and you need your room key to access the elevator.  Fitness center is very nice, better then most hotels.
Just checked in half an hour ago for the NEQ volleyball tournament.  We are in room 534. Our toilet won't flush and is running nonstop, very loudly. Also, the mini fridge is hot. It is plugged in, and the compressor is hot, but it is not cooling. The room is full of dark wood that is very dusty. I can even overlook that, but we NEED the toilet and fridge. As a side note, the shower curtain is filthy and wrinkly.  I called the front desk immediately after coming to the room, and nobody from engineering has made it up to us yet. What a beautiful dump for $200+ a night.

Day 2, Saturday: Edited. The fridge replacement is working like a champ, but the toilet broke again.  Called the front desk, who said they'd send someone right up. I waited until 11 pm for someone,  they never came. Sunday afternoon,  I personally told a housekeeper and the front desk, and someone made it happen. Between check in on Friday, and Noon on Sunday,  our toilet flushed 3 times. Unacceptable.  

They do have cucumber and strawberry water in the lobby, complimentary.  It was quite refreshing. 

They do have an indoor pool.  It is tiny, cold, but indoor. The kids were hopping from the hot tub to the pool, over and over. There's a restroom in the pool atea, in case your toilet is non functioning like ours, fyi. 

The valets were over the top nice and took good care of me and my daughter.

Checking out was interesting. We called the front desk from the NEQ BEFORE CHECKOUT TIME,  and were told we had already checked out. What??? No. We were actually calling to see if we could get a late checkout,  to find out that we were checked out early,  with our belongings in the room. So I had to leave my daughter at the convention center,  book it back to the hotel, wait in line, then explain to the lady at the desk that we had in fact not checked out, and I needed my stuff! What the heck! This place is nuts.
Regular visitor to Philadelphia so I've stayed at quite a few hotels in the Center City district.

I stayed at the Courtyard last weekend (8/10 - 8/11). Check in was smooth and easy (at 1pm) and I got room 1236. The layout of the hotel is a little awkward, and I got a room facing Market Street.

Loved the room...a little bigger than rooms at some of the other hotels I've visited. Mini-fridge but no microwave, though. TV is huge and has a nice selection of HD channels.

Didn't get a chance to visit the hotel bar but definitely stopped by the Starbucks on the way out....would definitely stay here again.
This is my regular hotel when traveling to Philadelphia. It's got a fantastic location - just off city hall, a block or so from Reading Terminal Market and Love Park.

This Courtyard is pretty standard in terms of room size and bed and amenities. The hotel has a restaurant on the first floor and does room service. But it does not have a concierge lounge for those who have status. It's also right near Starbucks, Dunkin Donuts, Maggiano's, and Chinatown. So it's very easy to find something to eat.

I've never been successful with their wireless internet, but the wired connection is decent. And I always get annoyed at having to use my key to get to my floor. But other than that, the staff is always friendly and very accommodating.
Stayed at this property a couple of years ago, and due to a good experience, returned again for a theater weekend, in the corner room, overlooking the city hall. Large, spacious, well decorated, with a stylish couch and fancy arm chair, and a very comfy bed - the curtains were opened, so the lights of the city hall clock and the Liberty 1&2 were clearly visible from the pillows. The bathroom had a shower only, but that's the essential, really. 

The property is perfectly situated in the middle of everything - Love Park, the City Hall and Dillworth plaza, Avenue of the Arts, Chinatown, numerous better restaurants - all within walking distance. The lobby floor offers a restaurant and bar and a limited service Starbucks. But there were no complaints - had a fabulous weekend and a very cozy & enjoyable stay at the Courtyard.
Beautiful hotel but the worst in terms of human relations. I was due to attend a major conference there. The night before I was to leave, my teen daughter had a major life and death crisis. In dealing with it and keeping her alive, I missed my check-in. They refused to waive the cancellation of one night's stay. They claim it's their policy because they would not be able to resell the room. It's a hotel room, in downtown Philadelphia, where a gazillion major confereces are happening at the same time. Corporate greed trumps common decency. Horrible.
Hotel was okay, great location.  However, valet parking was TERRIBLE!  We called ahead as requested.  They told us it would be 45 minutes.  When we went down 45 minutes later, we waited and waited.  Once an hour had passed, we asked about the status of our car only to find that no one had gone to get it!  Very frustrating! Just park at the Reading Terminal - it is cheaper if you don't plan to drive around the city during your visit.
It is a great location looking at City Hall with William Penn at the top and beautiful architecture. The hotel is an old bank building with its own beautiful architecture. The Reading Terminal is two minute walk. Lots of great shopping, new Mormon Temple and The Barnes Museum are all within walking. The bellman and valet parking are trustworthy and responsible. The breakfast spread is a fresh healthy menu with freshly made omelets and Belgium waffles. The service is great in the restaurant. Eileen at breakfast and Angel in the afternoon/evening. Great employees. Safe hotel and new and recent room decor that reflects City Hall architecture.
Everything was fine and location is great, but honestly one of the noisiest hotels I've ever stayed at. The non stop beeping of cars all day and night, I didn't sleep at all. We were on the top 15th floor too. The windows seem old and don't block ANY street noise.
I great place to stay in Philly, very centeral to everything. the rooms are big, and clean. A typical courtyard hotel....
Great service and very close to the convention center/city hall area. I wasn't here for very long so I didn't get to take advantage of most of the amenities (gym, restaurants, etc.) but my room was huge and there were a good amount of windows to provide a lot of natural light and city views. You can tell the room had been recently renovated because the shower was upgraded (double headed, tiled and glass doors) and there were a lot of cute touches in the room to make it feel homey and less like a traditional hotel (calendar, books, magazines, vintage decor, etc.)

When I arrived my room wasn't ready, but they were able to hold my bags and called me once I could officially check in, which was only about an hour later (around 2pm which is a good deal before the 4pm stated on their website which I appreciated).

I never had any issue with my room being cleaned early in the day which was great because I could come back and forth to do some interim work if I needed to without having to worry about being in the way.

Honestly my only negative is that the ride share pick up area is in front of the Marriott behind The Notary, not near the entrance of the hotel. A little confusing, but not an issue once you know where to go.

If I'm ever in Philly again I'll definitely look into staying here!
Folks, stop your Center City hotel search now. This is THE nicest hotel right in the heart of Philadelphia!! 

Background: Business traveler, Marriott Titanium, mid-30s, solo. 

I travel weekly for work, and am on a project in Center City. I have been hotel hopping for a few weeks, trying to find the best central hotel within the Marriott or Hilton chains. The Notary is it!! 

This is a hotel that was completely gutted within the last year and rebranded into the Marriott Autograph Collection. The new rooms are incredible - glass showers, upgraded linens, nice thick towels, incredible fixtures, tons of TV channels (HBO Go also included for free), and just incredibly cozy. These rooms are absolutely top notch! You would have no idea this hotel is a part of the Marriott chain. It is unique in every way. 

To top it all off, their Bonvoy elite breakfast is incredible. No concierge lounge, but they issue coupons for anything you want in the hotel restaurant (tip included). Everything is fresh and fast, with incredible service. 

This place is perfect for couples, families, or solo business travelers. I recommend the corner rooms if extra space is important to you (about twice the size as regular rooms). 

This is my new "go to" Center City hotel!!!
Not a bad hotel at all. 
We stayed six days in Philadelphia. The courtyard is centralized to almost everything. Walking distance to LOVE Park, City Hall and various restaurants and shops. The bigger Marriott is just next door and has more features. 

Our room was spacious. We lived in the 5th over looking the parking lot and Macy's Department Store. Two queen size beds, a large tv, a hidden refrigerator, a desk and many lamps. The bathroom was an interesting configuration: sink outside the "water closet" area where the tub and toilet lived. So mornings were quite loud when I had to wash my hands while friend slept. 

The fitness centre was well lit and had many options. They are located on the second floor (above the Mezzanine) where the conference rooms are located. If you use the main elevators, you'll need to walk around to enter the fitness centre. TIP: Use the back elevators to save you from walking into a conference frenzy. 

However, I was disappointed to learn that this hotel doesn't have a pool anymore. What?!? I know. They got rid of the pool a few years ago. If only guest at the Courtyard, could share some facilities at the bigger Marriott. Only in an ideal world. Also, the hotel doesn't have a tourist service where you get information of tours and recommendation. Drag! 

Overall, this hotel was perfect for our trip. Central and convenient.
The staff here at the front desk are not very friendly at all. In the pool we found huge clumps of hair... it is not worth the price at all. The bell boy was VERY nice, however. In the bathroom we found hair on the floor and it was not very clean. They have smart TVs and the beds were kind of comfy. I would not come back to stay here again. The price was not worth the experience.
My Philly Marriott trifecta is complete! I have stayed at each of the three Marriott's that are literally on the same block.

I was impressed with this Courtyard. The hotel is very attractive with some cool old world decor going on. The breakfasts were plentiful and tasty and the rooms were quite nice. The internet was.... OK... they need to work on that. 

I also didn't get a Platinum upgrade and that's mostly what they lost a star for. Otherwise, it's a nice hotel, and pretty reasonable considering you're in the heart of downtown Philly.
We chose to have our wedding here in June and we cannot express just how happy we were with this choice.  While everything was fantastic and beyond our expectations, the MVP of this event was definitely Angela, our wedding coordinator at the Courtyard.  She was the most organized coordinator one could hope for and *always* on top of everything.  She emailed us questions when necessary and chased us when we forgot to answer one.  She was in 20 places at once and made sure everything went according to plan.  If Marvel makes a movie about a super hero whose ability is freakishly on point wedding coordination, Angela will star.

That said, a few other points worth noting:

1)  The chef is phenomenal - the food was delicious far beyond what I expected from a hotel kitchen.  He was super fun to work with at the tasting and everyone raved about the food at the wedding.  Tip - go for the lamb and sea bass.  

2) This is unlike other Courtyards and feels more like a well renovated historic hotel.  The rooms and hallways are elegant and the bridal suite was gorgeous - we hosted a bridal party there with 15 and it easily could have fit more.  The room and hallways decorations are REALLY nice and give this hotel a very classy vibe.

3) You really get your money's worth here - it's Courtyard prices (lower than the high end Marriott brands) but because of the nature of this specific Courtyard, you get quality a lot closer to the J.W. Marriott brand in quality and dcor.

4) The staff that supported our wedding behind the scenes were all extremely competent and pleasant.  Whenever we needed anything, from a suggestion of where to get a cheese platter to some muscle to move boxes around, they were immediately on hand to help out, with a smile.  Frankly I don't know if I've ever dealt with a more friendly hotel staff.  City of Brotherly Love!

Honestly, we chose this venue based on value and we got a beautiful hotel and venue with the best support and coordination (and food) we could have imagined.  We don't write tons of reviews on here but felt the need to let others know how lucky we were to have chosen this Courtyard for our wedding.
The rooms are OK.  Maybe I'm just accustomed to nice places, rather than just "inhabitable" ones.  But the rooms are functional with nothing special about them.  

As for the valet...  Well, it took them an hour to get my car.  Well, 57 minutes to be exact.  It wasn't really the valet guys' fault--they were running around like crazy and even soliciting the door man's help.  But...  If you run this hotel, you have to know roughly how many people will be checking out on a Monday at 10 AM and how many valet folks you need on hand.  Making customers (who paid $40 a day for valet) wait an hour for their car is absolutely unacceptable.  

But I suspect if you take a train to this place and then have low expectations for your room...you'll be pleasantly surprised.
I stayed from June 21-23, with my husband. I had some work to finish up on so I brought it with me. After I got home I realized I had left my laptop in my room ( 917). We tried calling but the phone lines we a mess. We kept calling and finally got someone to answer, we were then told we need to press option 9, on the phone. Got that department where a man answered and told us nothing had been turned in but he would go check. I'm confused, who would need to turn something in, wouldn't a guest room be cleaned and cleared by 6pm? Well we called him back again and he said nothing was in the room. He was told the importance of this Grey bag with a laptop in it, so he said he would go do another check and call us back. Well it is 11:44pm with nothing. Both my husband and I are rewards members, to be ignored to this level is a problem. I do believe the laptop was found in the room by housekeeping, who should have been the only people in the room after us. I don't know what's going on in the hotel but this is considered theft and I want and need my equipment. I cannot believe management did not contact us after they were notified we had something missing. Also Why is there nothing on the website about all the construction they are doing. Valet parking is a mess and I feared for my security every time I came into the desolate unsecured hallways, entrances and elevators. This stay was a complete nightmare. 
We had the Veterans/ Govt. rate, yet it felt as though we had the smallest room with a window view of the business across the street looking directly into your bed. We had to close the windows for the entire weekend. I guess this is the worth of the Men and Women of the Arm Forces.. I'm just so disappointed..
