Loved the location of The Dwight D.! It is surrounded by many cafes and restaurants, which are all walking distance from the hotel. Very safe neighborhood. The hotel is very comforting and has modern amenities. The host Vittoria and her husband are super friendly and they have great knowledge of Philadelphia. Amazing stay!
Great change from the big hotels! The location was great and the host was welcoming and accommodative. Great sized rooms with clean amenities. Will return when in Philly!
I visited Philadelphia for the first time last weekend (April) and loved the city, so I'll definitely go back to visit. And when I go back, I'll only stay at The Dwight D. It's in such a perfectly charming location, so we never had to venture far. But if we did, nothing was too far of a walk. The hotel itself is so beautiful and quaint. Our room (2R on the second floor) was gorgeous, comfortable, and had a lovely balcony. This was a couple's getaway, so I found the room very romantic and cozy. This was honestly a wonderful experience, and the owner, Vittoria, was really helpful and friendly. Anytime we needed something to make our stay more comfortable (wine glasses, etc.), she was more than happy to hook us up. And when I was looking to book a room in the first place, Vittoria was extremely responsive. That's great hospitality! I think this is the perfect place, but I don't want everyone to know because, again, I won't stay anywhere else in Philly if I can help it. That said, I can't recommend it enough and am very grateful for the memorable experience.
Please be very careful when choosing the Dwight D. I made a reservation to stay there for one night during a conference. It was a horrible decision. Five days before the conference I noticed that my fully paid reservation had been refunded. This was later followed by an email from the owner Vittoria. Vittoria said she was sorry but that she had miscalculated the number of guests at the Dwight D and that she needed my room for another guest. When I told her that there were no other rooms available in the city of Philadelphia because of a large convention, she told me to look across the river for a room in New Jersey! I now will have to cancel my attendance at the conference because of her oversight. Vittoria has very poor customer service and math skills. Do not book a room at the Dwight D.
I greatly enjoyed my stay at the Dwight D. Vittoria looked after our every need, was enthusiastic and helpful. The hotel is beautifully situated to walk every neighborhood in this terrific city! Vittoria was also immediately helpful to sort out our bill as I'd made reservations for two rooms and my traveling companions wanted to pay for their room separately. Done and Dusted!
I was in 3F and the wi-fi didn't extend to that floor. I think the issue is being addressed but you might want to check if this is important to you. I used the downstairs sitting rooms to use the wi-fi...very comfortable and private BUT if you want to use it in your room take a lower floor.
The Dwight D is a welcome change from the usual cookie cutter chain hotel experience while having every comfort and having a superior location.
I'll return!
This was the perfect getaway. Booked at The Dwight D last minute for New Years Eve and stayed two nights. Vittoria was very friendly and personable. The hotel was very welcoming, cozy and clean. It was perfect for the two of us. Right in center city, close to shopping, restaurants, bars and Rittenhouse Park. We would love to come back and will be recommending friends and family here. Thank you again Vittoria!!
A charming boutique hotel on a quiet street in the heart of Philly.  It's a bit hard to spot so be sure you have the address and look for the gold plate on the heavy wooden door in the middle of the block next door to a restaurant.

This former row house residence from the 1800s make  for a cozy oasis of luxury just a couple of blocks from the Kimmel arts center.  In fact that proximity was our original reason for choosing it along with the fact that we are more and more gravitating toward unique boutique style lodging as our travel increase.

To enter you need to ring the bell and the owner, Victoria or her husband Ken will let you in and get you settled.  They issue you a key to the front door and help get you settled.

We stayed in room 3F up on the third floor.  Be aware that you need to walk up several flights of stairs (no elevators in the 1800s) so pack light.

Our room was perfect with a big comfy sleigh bed and totally updated bathroom with a luxurious rain shower head and top flight amenities.  I believe the hotel is only a few years old and while the building and beautifully creaky floors remind you of its heritage, the rooms have all the modern conveniences.  Ours even had a small wet bar, mini fridge, microwave and some wine glasses, plates and bowls.

The only drawback is they don't have any parking of their own so you will have to use one of the many nearby garages (we paid $36/night).

Highly Recommended.
Just had a wonderful stay at the Dwight over the weekend. Our first time. Such a gorgeous property. The unique decor, room amenities were well thought out. Great breakfast too - perfect start to our day.  Innkeepers (Vittoria and her husband)  were absolutely wonderful - incredibly passionate about what they're doing. It's very hard to consider a regular hotel stay after such an enriching time, especially when you're up for something more personal.  I work in the city and know my way around pretty well. You can't beat the location - restaurant options, theatre or simply exploring the surrounding neighborhoods - PERFECT! Park the car once and you're good to go!
Thank goodness for these lovely people.. long day of travel coming into town for less then 24 hours Victoria and her husband made me feel at home. Recommended a lovely quick dinner next door at Monk's Cafe, highly recommend their French fries (I am a huge critic and these are by far the best) along with their vegan burger. Amazing. 

Check out came very fast but once again super simply as I had 3 huge overweight suitcases they held them in their offices for me, safe and locked up waiting for me in the AM. The lovely gentlemen carried them out to the street for me as there are only stairs, no elevator (but they make sure that's not a problem). As I had requested an Uber and it was giving me the go around and I was in a rush to a meeting, the owner came out... walked down the block, tracked down a cab, got me a cab in seconds, loaded the car for me. 

BEYOND THE BEST SERVICE. I will be staying here every time I am in town and will refer all friends & family. 

Thank you again!!
A very pleasant stay.  My boyfriend and I came to this lovely hotel.  Vittoria and Ken were amazing hosts.  Everything was thoughtful and comfortable in our room.  Our hosts couldn't have been more accommodating.  We loved it.
I was lucky enough to stay at the Dwight D hotel thanks to an auction win back in the Spring.  My interactions with Vittoria, one of the owners, and Sarah, their director of food and beverage, were nothing but kind and welcoming.  From the moment you arrive, the team looks out for you and ensures a pleasant stay.  This was my first time staying in a boutique hotel, and it was enjoyable! The location is convenient to the many things offered in Philadelphia, and the effort they put in to preserving the 1800's townhouse feel of the hotel totally pays off.  It was very much appreciated that they added a modern bathroom to the guest rooms!  If you're looking for a nice getaway with a historic feel in a historic city, check out the Dwight D hotel!
