As an frequent Westin visitor, I have to say this is the absolute worst experience!!!

I'm giving 1 start for the outstanding valet crew (particularly Mr. Manny!) and 1 star for the location. The hotel is subpar for what is expected of a Westin. 

Here are a few items that I addressed to the staff and was told that it's nothing that could be done:
1. A dirty comforter that had a gum stuck on it.
2. A burnt ironing board cover and and an iron that wasn't properly working.
3. Loud drilling in the room across from mine that lasted hours pass 4pm (when asked to be moved to another room on another floor, the staff argued with me as to why I should accept it). 
-- also having to use an ironing board where the cover is to small for the board. 
4. Watery scrambled eggs for the Sunday brunch.

If I was staying at a 2 start hotel, then I would expect a level of class and service that isn't typical of the Westin. 

I will not be a returning customer to this establishment and suggest that anyone considering it, considers otherwise.
The general manager disrespected Corey Holcomb who is a VIP guest.  Corey was in the lobby waiting for his room after he had checked in. Corey closed his eyes, and the general manager (Jay),  poked him and said "Why are you here?" Corey asked him his name and the GM refused to state his name and called the police. Corey is an elite member and called his ambassador and explained the situation. The ambassador called the hotel and explained that Corey is a valuable loyal guest. The GM changed his tune. The GM is white and Corey is black.

Westin Management, this is a teachable moment. That GM demonstrated racist behavior.
The Westin Philadelphia:

-Clean - In areas encountered
-Spacious King rooms 
-Comfortable King bed
-Pillows could've been a tad bit firmer but worked
-Marble tiled bathroom w/updated shower feature
-Comfortable Bathrobe
-Iron / Iron Board
-Humongous Flat Screen TV
-Astronomically overpriced minibar (did not use)
-In Room Safe
-City view
-Luxurious Lobby
-Daily housekeeping service
-Knowledgeable Concierge
-Helpful Front Desk
-Free Starbucks Pike Roast Coffee and select teas
-Valet - Fast, almost no wait time
-Centrally located downtown to everything:
 department stores, convenience stores (bought all essentials here), all transit systems, bars, restaurants, cafes, parks, most
everything. 

The Westin Philadelphia checked all boxes to sum up to four stars and did not disappoint.
I witnessed a known comedian and frequent guest at that hotel being rudely accosted in the lobby while waiting for his room to be prepared by a Jay Dellaveccia who threatened to throw the man out and call the police after the celebrity dozed off in the hotel lobby while waiting for his room. Very unprofessional attitude by the man who later announced that he was the general manager. The incident was later calmed but from what I saw could have been avoided altogether if Mr. Dellaveccia has used better decorum.
Apparently, the GM, Jay Dellavecchia, thinks it's ok to call the police on guest for falling asleep in the lobby while waiting on your room to be ready.
The Westin Philadelphia is a mix of classy and modern: Bright, updated rooms with bold yet conservative furniture, and beds that are cozy, expansive affairs. Somewhat a shock: their room service food is pretty awful.

If you want a centrally-located hotel, hit them up, especially if you can score a travel deal.
A colleague of mine was yelled at and threatened with police for snoozing in the lobby while waiting for his room to be prepared that he had already paid for. General Manager, Jay Dellavecchia was rude, loud and threatening. His professionalism was nonexistent and his behavior was abusive. He failed to identify himself when questioned. Me nor any of my colleagues will be staying at the Westin Philadelphia again. Completely unprofessional and a bullshit experience.
Racist GM J will call the police on you if you are black. You can even be a rich celeb. They don't care . They are complete scum if you ask me.
I wish I could leave zero stars. The property is beautiful and the location is great. That's not the issue. The problem is the way I was treated by the staff. Not just a lower level worker, but the General Manager. I fell asleep in the lobby because my room wasn't ready. Had the staff done their job there wouldn't have been a problem to begin with. Nonetheless I just got in town, room not ready, fell asleep. Not a deal breaker but inconvenient. Then I get awakened by someone poking me and telling me to leave. Didn't ask if I was a guest there, just assumed I wasn't because of my appearance. I was neatly dressed so what did this general manager see? Oh yeah, I'm black. That's what the problem was. So then the general manager called the police on me. Little did the GM know that I have an ambassador that takes care of all my travel arrangements. Once the GM, who I learned his name is JAY DELLEVECCIA, got a call from the higher ups, he still was very smug and dismissive. This incident isn't over
If I could I would give this hotel zero stars!!!


This location racially profiles their guests!! After an African American guest arrived from a long flight he was told that his room wasn't ready. The African  American guest had a seat in the  lobby and patiently waited for his room to be available. While in the lobby the African American man dozed off and he was woken up  by the general manager Jay Dellavicchia (caucasian male) telling him he couldn't sleep there. Jay Dellaavicchia also told the African American  man he had to leave & if he didn't leave he was going to call the cops .


My family and I will never stay here again after witnessing that type of unprofessional, rude and racist behavior displayed by the general manager Jay Dellavicchia

Please spread the word and do the same !!!
I'd like to thank the Westin for reminding me about security, that you should always lock the door to your room even if you are there for a minute, because you never know when some stranger might come into your room with a room key that the hotel issued them.

Just make sure you don't do something foolish like take a shower or use the restroom after the room invasion attempt, because hotel staff will bang on your door requesting ID or ring your phone continuously trying to figure out why you are still in the room in the middle of your stay.  Be available to solve their problems, then thank them when they let you keep what you've already paid for.

Useful tips for any traveler.

Other than that the stay was pleasant.  Very comfortable, luxurious beds.  The room was a nice size.  I'm reaching here for something nice to say, if you can't tell.
The Heavenly Bed. That's what I look forward to whenever I'm lucky enough to find myself in a Westin. 

The Heavenly Bed was mine in Philadelphia for a night last week after I received this note from Priceline: "Congratulations, your price of $101 was accepted by The Westin Philadelphia." I do love a bargain! 

The hotel's proximity to the Helium Comedy Club and plenty of shops, restaurants and bars meant I could walk everywhere I needed (and wanted) to go.

The friendly blokes at the front desk happily put me in a room on the 12th floor when I told them I liked to take in the view. I'd happily return to the Westin Philadelphia (and that heavenly bed too!)
This is not the Westin Moana Surfrider in Honolulu--or even the Westin Book Cadillac in Detroit. Some may call this Westin classy, but I call it creepy. It's also old and outdated. The rooms are dim, the "heavenly showerheads" (dual sprays) are weak, and the palms extending from the bathroom walls are a bit reminiscent of a haunted hotel. 

With that said, the service is excellent and the location is unbeatable. Maybe next time I'm push for the Sofitel, but I'm likely too junior for that. My firm may instead put me in the Holiday Inn for being a young ingrate--or on an indirect flight! Yikes!
This was a pretty decent stay at the Westin.

It had all the comforts that I was looking for a big plush comfy bed, nice shower, lovely bar area and key card access to the rooms upstairs. Another huge win for this place was the location! It's right in the middle of everything!  It was so convenient to find great shopping and restaurants within walking distance...what more could you ask for?

Overall, everything was okay! But be warned...the daily parking rate is ridiculous!
Thank god I got this room on Priceline at a fraction of the normal $300 and up price. If you must stay here, do yourself a favor and try to book through there as well. I only paid $80 with tax and I still feel taken. We booked this last minute on Christmas eve and stayed on Christmas Day as kind of a treat to ourselves. 

I have stayed at other Westin's and this is like the dirty black sheep of the family. The neglected adopted step child if you will. Daddy Warbucks needs to take this place over and give everyone a serious come to Jesus meeting. 

-Parking here, oy. $50+ to valet park at the lot next door that you can drive into yourself for $30? Let the nickel and dime game begin. 

-The woman who checked us in didn't seem very happy to be there and didn't even put forth a "Happy Holidays". I get it. I'd be pissed if I was working on Christmas. But I wouldn't show it. Hospitality, get some. 

-The room is by all appearances adequate until you really start to look around. The bath tub was peeling and rusty near the drain (see pic) and the "Heavenly" shower heads were laden with lime scale (see pic) from not being properly cleaned. 

-The sign on the back of the bathroom door is happy to inform me that I too can purchase a "Heavenly" bath robe to take home, but there were no robes on the door. I had to call downstairs to have them brought up. I called before getting in the shower thinking it would arrive before I was done. Wrong. I had to ask my girlfriend to call and ask again. Once the robe arrived, it felt like I was wearing a sand paper suit. The robes have been so over washed and overused that even I would have tossed it out ages ago. Who would feel compelled to purchase such a thing?! 

-As others have said, this is an old Ritz-Carlton location. Old being the key word. While some of the fixtures and bedding are updated, the wallpaper and carpets have not. I understand it's extremely expensive to perform renovations, but at $300 a night at least make a bigger attempt. 

-As a 4 star resort you MUST have a town car. There is no guest town car offered here. With the state your hotel is in at this point NOTHING sets you apart from the Holiday Inn or Embassy Suites. In fact, I had a much larger, cleaner, nicer room at the embassy suites in the Art Museum area that also came with a free breakfast and secured elevator access. 

-The phones went down the next morning so I had no way to call downstairs and ask for a late checkout. 

To be fair there were some perks. 

-The "Heavenly" king sized bed is indeed, Heavenly. I would love to own one of these. Not as soft as a tempurpedic and not as hard as a regular pillow top. 

-The operator on Christmas day was very nice and did seem annoyed that our robes were not sent up immediately the first time we asked for them. 

-Decent sized flat screen TV. 

-Yes, you do have to take two separate elevators to get to your room from the lobby and you do need to use your key. I had no problem with this and I actually appreciated the added security. 

All in all I don't think I would stay here again unless I got the Priceline deal and even that is a big maybe. I would NEVER pay the $300 and up directly. Step up your game, Westin. If I was your marketing director I'd be horrified upon seeing my brand shamed by an Embassy Suites.
I just...I don't even...

Well I guess I don't get it.

I think the Westin is having financial difficulties. That can be the only explaination for all of the nickel-and-diming they do to patrons.

For the crazy expensive price, you'd expect some things to be included. Silly you. Since there are really no other parking options in the city, expensive hotel garage or valet is the only way to go, and it's not included in the cost of your room. Nor is wifi (at this point, you can get free wifi at McDonalds..so, really, Westin?). No robes are available for use and there really aren't any amenities at all aside from a filthy krups coffee machine that I strongly suggest you wash before using and a couple of non-replaceable coffee cartridges.

The Westin is also on a fake green-washing kick - instead of giving you the option to keep your sheets and towels to save some energy on washing (ordinarily a practice I admire in hotels) the only option is to forgo housekeeping entirely and for that you get...a $5 voucher for a hotel restaurant or shop, only good for the duration of your stay. Seriously? I would prefer to have regular housekeeping, get clean glasses and the place tidied up, and keep my towels and sheets, thanks.

They've located the cash bar right at the entrance to the room where the TV sits, you know, the spot you want to drop all of your junk down as soon as you enter. But beware! The food is on weight sensors so you can feel extra nervous every time you pass by that tight spot in the room on your way from anywhere to anything. This kind of cash bar has never bothered me before, but then again, it hasn't been smack dab in the middle of the room right where I want to put everything down.

The dust, oh, and the dust. At this price point, details matter, so everything (especially the cups and napkins) being coated in a thick layer of dust begs the question - if they don't even wipe down the bathroom counter, are they cleaning the sheets between patrons? At least you can be sure about the towels - no, they are not clean, mine had black sludge on them.

At least after a long day in the city, you have that huge luxurious bed and high thread count sheets to look foward to. Of course, that is AFTER two hot, stuffy elevators and a decent walk through three lobbies. The labrynthian shape of the hotel lobby/ies is fine for the first run through, but if you forget your glasses in the room, it gets kind of tedious to have to walk/ride through all that just to get back to your room. All so you can get back to your gray, hideous view of concrete roofs and unblemished sights of the giant business building across the street that blocks any skyline. Hello office workers! You look great in that lipstick!

OK so finally you make it to your room - the pillows feel nice at first, then after a few minutes they deflate into nothing. The sheets are nice and the beds are big, but the luxurious feeling is quickly offset by the catalog on your bedside table that allows you to order your own for home. Tacky. Then halfway through the night, you realize someone has short-sheeted you because the fitted sheet is too small for the mattress and it's come undone. 

That's fun, making your own hotel bed. In the middle of the night. Yup.

I hope you weren't hoping to get around the green-washing lazy housekeeping or a refill on coffee cups, because despite half an hour of trying to figure out the phones, neither I (I've built robots!) nor my engineer husband could figure out how to call the front desk for anything on the hotel phones. Ingeniously money-saving! Have a fun trip back down the two elevators and across the multiple lobbies to ask for some toilet paper. I'll see you in an hour, sweetie.

Oh, and did I mention that the plumbing was wonky? Good god. After both hands, bracing my feet on the ground and a good 50 lbs of brute force, I was able to switch the water flow to the shower head from the spigot. No wonder everything was loose. The filthy, mildew and mineral-crusted double shower head looks great, until you realize that your water pressure gets cut in half as soon as you find a wrench to turn it on.

Good: Great location in the middle of the city. Nice sheets. Big beds.

Bad: Surprisingly filthy, nothing is included, any effort to save the planet will net you no refills on coffee, no housekeeping, but hey, a $5 coupon!
I've mentioned before in reviews that I frequent Starwood hotels, so when I was to travel to Philadelphia for the marathon (I was running the half) I naturally gravitated towards the Westin. It was a bonus that it was so close to the start line of the race (about a 10 minute walk) - and even more a bonus that they had a marathon rate. It was also important to me that it was in the middle of town, as it was my first time in Philly!

The hotel was really easy to find when we got out at the 15th & Market stop. Check-in was seamless even though we were a few hours early for our room. We arrived on the executive floor (thanks to my status, yippie) and had a room with two double beds and a fairly large bathroom. Everything was to Westin standards and even a bit better - the view was spectacular and we felt we were right in the thick of the city. The only issue we had with the room was there really wasn't enough light -- and what light there was, was poorly placed in the room. 

The hotel itself is fun. Besides the marathoners overtaking it, there were a couple of weddings going on and many well-dressed people gracing the entrance. There is a large sitting area in the lobby complete with fireplace (wasn't working when we sat there, booo) and many strategically placed TVs and chairs. There were also a couple of bars / restaurants, which we didn't happen to go into, but which looked lively. 

Aside from the rack rate being pretty high (can always be rectified with deals, hotels-dot-com, priceline), I would definitely  stay here again if I again find myself in the City of Brotherly Love!
You can't beat the location here.  You're in the heart of Rittenhouse Square with quick access to more bars and restaurants than you can possibly imagine.

You can tell that this is an older hotel yet the chipping paint and scuff marks actually do not detract from the experience.  If anything, the old feel increases the "classiness." It's a very charming hotel, clean and well-maintained with very friendly staff.

The exercise room is one of the better ones I've seen in a hotel although the equipment is slightly dated and the room is kept at an unbearably high temperature for working out.  The bathrooms/locker rooms here are nice with a cute little sauna.

The room was spacious and clean, but again had the older feel.  The bed was not uncomfortable but was not the most comfortable either - the sheets were a little stiff/over-starched.

No vent in the bathroom which I always find annoying in hotels because I hate toweling off in a steamed room.

What induces me to drop my rating to 3 stars is the overpriced parking.  $50/night for valet.  Don't bother - just park yourself in one of the numerous surrounding ramps for anywhere from $20-$30/night.
Hubs and I planned a quick day-trip in Philadelphia as we made our way back up the East Coast to Boston.  We stayed at the Westin because we've never had a problem at any of their properties, it came recommended through American Express Travel, it was close to Rittenhouse Square, and we didn't want anything too close to the touristy areas of Independence Hall, yet we didn't want to stay in the not-so-nice parts of town.  So the Westin it is.

The valet guys were really professional and helpful in getting us out of our car and in the hotel (and vice versa when it was time to leave, even offering us help to get back to 676).  The valet parking is your best bet while staying there because you have in/out privileges as compared to self-park and other garages in the area.  

The hotel is nothing short of Westin expectations.  Yes, the street entrance is a little odd because you have to take one set of elevators to get to the lobby and then "transfer" to another bank of elevators to get to your room.  It is clear to see that the building itself is rather old and Westin made the upgrades.  It is even connected to a mall (but there's not a lot of retail offerings).

The rooms themselves are rather large for being an older building (presumably) and in downtown.  The bathrooms are beautiful and marble.  The views from our room on the 11th floor overlooked Chestnut Street.  The beds were comfy and we had no problem using the television.  But no wi-fi?  Please, it's 2013!!  Fortunately there is a Starbucks right around the corner from the hotel!

I would recommend staying here if you are in Philadelphia.  From the hotel, there were plenty of restaurants around the area (we went to Devil's Alley), lots of coffee shops (for free wifi, too), and it was a decent walk to Independence Hall.
Nice hotel in a prime location. That's all you can really ask for. Plus, I got another sick deal through hotwire.com. Our room at the Westin only cost $113/night, plus tax.

Also, we discovered when we got there that this is the hotel most MLB teams stay at. I know this because I saw several Mets players there. So that was kind of cool. It reminded me of my days when I was a kid, on family vacations in Boston, waiting in the lobby of the Sheraton (where we always stayed) for autographs of Don Mattingly, Roberto Alomar, and Mike Mussina, amongst others.

Anyway, the hotel took care of all our needs and was very clean and nice. That's all I really care about in a hotel. Definitely recommended for anyone with kids who likes baseball, and anybody who is willing to use Hotwire to book a hotel room.
The good: the room was tidy, quiet, and the bathroom was pretty luxurious. The air conditioning worked well, and was easy to regulate. The complimentary toiletries were high quality. The staff was poilte without being pretentious. The location is very convenient to the Rittenhouse Square area, and within walking distance of most of the downtown Philly tourist spots.

The bad: housekeeping was knocking on my door at 8:30AM on Saturday, and when I told them to come back later, they didn't return to make up the room until late in the afternoon.
There's a decent flat screen HDTV in the room, but they charge $14.99 for a pay-per-view movie- a regular movie, I'm not talking porn.
The minibar had been removed. All that remained was one split of red wine, a few candy bars, and a small tin of nuts in one of the nightstand drawers. Everything was overpriced, of course.
They charge an outrageous $45 per night for the valet parking garage. It's right next door, and you can self-park for $33 on weeknights, and $15 on weekends, but I did not know that until after I checked in.
The heavenly bed was nothing special. I have a TemperPedic at home that's a lot more comfortable. The pillowtop mattress was so thick that the corners of the fitted sheet wouldn't stay on. I woke up with the bottom sheet twisted and bunched up under me. I tried to stretch it back in place several times during the night, but it wouldn't stay put.
The heavenly shower head nothing more than two regular shower heads mounted side-by-side, with the water pressure being barely enough to power one shower head.
The service and the room here was TERRIBLE! If your really looking for a 4 star experience I suggest going somewhere else. When I called on the front desk Sunday am to request a late checkout I was placed on a long hold, then when someone picked up to transfer the call they were unprofessional, laughing and talking to other people in the background. The linen was dirty and stained. The shower drain was clogged. When I told the clerk and showed her pictures during checkout she was very nonchalant. So save your time and money. Skip this place!
The Westin is exactly what you would expect from a ritzy hotel located in the nicest part of downtown Philadelphia (Rittenhouse Square).  It is clean, sophisticated, and extremely well-located.  The rooms are generously spacious with marble-tile in the bathrooms and double-shower heads.  (Side note: That was my first double-showerhead experience and I wasn't really blown out of the water by it.  It felt exactly the same as a regular shower.)  The rooms also come with a large flat screen TV, and a fantastically comfortable and oversized bed with zillions of pillows.  The mall that is directly attached to the Westin is extremely useful if you are a forgetful person like me.  (In my case, I forgot to pack nice shoes and I was there for business.)

I was a tad disappointed by my view, because all I could see out of my window were the dome of the mall below me and an office building.  No spectacular city skyline view or anything like that.  

Do yourself a favor and skip room service.  It was not bad, but it simply wasn't worth it.  The omelette i ordered was bland, kind of expensive (20 bucks) and they didn't use the type of cheese that was specified in the menu.  Plus, downtown Philadelphia has zillions of fantastic cafes and restaurants, many located mere blocks away.  Trust me when I say that the inconvenience of getting dressed and walking a few blocks is totally worth it.  

Another point of contention:  The wireless internet offered here is a joke.  One, it is VERY expensive (3 days of 24/7 access set me back around  $60 or $70.)  And two, it is molasses-in-January slow.  I tried to download a handful of MP3s off Amazon one night, and each song took around a half an hour to complete its download.  It reminded me of how the internet used to be a decade ago when we were still using dial-up modems.  You know, back in the dark ages.

However, the Westin loses a star not because of mediocre room service or bad wireless internet, but because of its THIN WALLS.  I had the pleasure of spending two nights in a room adjacent to a couple having animalistic, S&M style "fun."  I could hear every detail of their evening, including noises that I never want to hear between two people, ever EVER again.  Fortunately, Westin, I'm pretty sure they thoroughly enjoyed your trademarked "Heavenly" bed.  

Overall though, i really enjoyed my stay here and would certainly stay here again.  Next time though, I will slip the concierge a $20 and ask to be put in a room neighbored by only solo travelers.
who knew you could find heaven in a bed?  (hey...get your mind out of the gutter) i'm talking about westin's trademarked heavenly bed - seriously, i think this is the comfiest bed ever, possibly even beating out the bellagio beds!  despite a 3-hr time change and being on a biz trip, i was able to fall into a peaceful sleep easily after hitting the sak.  5 fluffy pillows, plush down comforter, and a pillow-top matress - it was like being surrounded by clouds.

the room itself is pretty spacious and nicely laid out, with a spacious bathroom/closet, decent drawer space, biz desk, plush chair/ottoman, and single serve coffee (*bux!) machines.  plus plush robes and plenty of towels.  i wish prices were listed for the minibar (not that i would splurge anyway) other than the $4 bottles of h2o.  room service was served promptly and graciously - a decent but pricey 2 egg breakfast and ok burger for dinner.  i didn't get to take advantage of the "breakfast 2 go" or "unwind" nightly reception due to my conference schedule, and the restaurant menu wasn't too enticing.  luckily, the hotel's right next door to a mall, w/ its own convenient walkway - hello food court! =)  and sightseeing is easy with the central location in the heart of rittenhouse/center city area.

service was impeccable - staff is friendly and accommodating.  all around, a very impressive and welcoming stay!

(note the actual addy is 99 s 17th street, 19103 - hopefully the yelp folks accept my biz info update soon!)
First the good: 

1. The Westin is quite conveniently located near Rittenhouse Square, with plenty of good restaurants and activities nearby.

2. The lobby area is nice, and the service was friendly enough.

3. The rooms are what you would expect from a Westin; great mattresses, decent TVs, nice bathrooms (with great dual-head showers).

But unfortunately, this Westin also hit some of my big pet peeves:

1. Expensive paid parking ($32/day).

2. An inconvenient lobby (from the garage an elevator to the street, in the door, an elevator up one flight with no stairwell option, then another elevator from the lobby to your room).

3. No free WiFi at all.  Wireless routers are dirt cheap, and you're going to nickel and dime me for internet?

4. The final straw; one of those "snack bars" that has a sensor in it so that if you even touch it you'll get charged for snacks, even if you don't actually take anything! They can call it "convenient", I call it obnoxious and ridiculous.  

We might stay here again if the price was right, but wouldn't go out of our way to stay again.
The room was clean and the bed was comfortable.

What was NOT ok was that I was charged $5.40 for 'touching' something with a weighted sensor on it. Not taking/using..no,no. Just touching. 

After I was assured that the charge wouldn't be applied, I still saw it on my bank statement days later.

Now I have to go through the headache of calling their accounting department to rectify the situation and feel like I was some kind of thief for wanting my money back. 

This place isn't cheap, why the sensors? Cheapened the entire experience. 

Think your customers are going to go to the effort of repurchasing items from the refrigerator? Come on.
This hotel is really nice!  I had the pleasure of staying here for a business trip (so it was paid for, yes!) and the rooms are amazing.  The beds are soooo  comfy.  The location is great and it is centrally located to many local attractions including shopping, the Philadelphia Museum of Art, Liberty Bell, and many train stations.  There was only one thing I didn't like about the hotel - the gym was just OK.  But if you don't care about that, then yes, this place is awesome!  I would definitely stay there again.
I really wanted to love this hotel but I was so disappointed. Everything was great, the ambience, check in, the staff, but everything was very DIRTY. 

The comforter on our bed had miscellaneous stains. I called the "service express" before we left for the day and they said they'd fix it right away. We came back to a freshly cleaned room and made up bed. However, when we got into bed that night it was the SAME dirty comforter with brown stains all over it. We were disgusted.

We didn't even feel like calling at that point so we just threw the dirty comforter on the floor and slept with just the thin sheets.

The next day when I got up to take a shower I found that the "fresh" towels we had been given had stains and hair all over them as well. I then went to put on the robe that they had in the room since I had no towels to use and THAT was also dirty. 

I would expect this from a 1 star motel but not from a 5 star hotel that you're paying quite a bit for a night.

If you're looking for a nice hotel to stay in in Philadelphia I'd say skip the Westin and try your luck somewhere else.
The room was similar to the room in the Westin DC City Center and Westin Grand.  So this must be the Westin's new theme, which I approve.

The room was a perfect size, casual and modern and in really good condition.  The dcor was soothing.  There was a HD LCD flat panel with tons of HD channels.  The room was well lit.  The work are had a nice sized desk with plenty of outlets for charging laptops, mobile phones, cameras, etc.    

The Bathroom was large and roomy enough for two and came with the standard Westin Heavenly bath products.  There was a small boo boo.  There wasn't the full compliment of toiletries when I arrived, but a note for the very nice housekeeper fixed that.

There is high speed wireless for $13 but it was inconsistent.

This Westin does not have a Club Lounge or a pool but there a nice sized gym with newer equipment.  There is a business center somewhere on site.  The hotel valet parks, but there is the chance that you can find street parking or a surface lot or self parking within  the Liberty Place complex.

There is a restaurant on site, but it didn't appear to be to inspiring.

Since my last stay here, this property has greatly improved and is definitely my number one choice for hotels in Philly.
We spent a long weekend at the Westin for my first visit to Philadelphia. As we opted to visit sans car the central location was extremely helpful - it was easy to walk to the subway/trolley stop, and we actually ended up walking to most of the immediate sights and eats. I had a long list of things to see in Philly that took us to all ends of the city but you could easily confine yourself to the immediate Rittenhouse Square area and have a full weekend.

The standard room was amply sized and the Heavenly bed divine. Exposed to the full line of Heavenly amenities (bed, shower, towels, experience) the boyfriend remarked, "what makes all this 'heavenly'?" I pointed out that I hadn't pushed him off the bed the night before with my hoggish sleeping habits and he immediately shut up, wondering aloud if we couldn't perhaps purchase a heavenly bed of our own.

A couple things to note: the lobby is actually on the second floor accessible via elevator, you'll then have to walk to another bank of elevators and insert your room card to access the room. Parking is also not included - the weekend we were there they quoted me a price of $38/day, prompting us to skip the car.
I'll admit: I had only read reviews on more hotel-oriented web sites prior to booking this hotel stay back in February. Afterwards, I hopped on Yelp and was a little squeamish once I read a few not-so-shining reviews of this place.

Luckily, everything turned out a-okay on my end!

I recently spent two nights here over Easter weekend to celebrate the beau's big 2-8; though there were other hotels in the city that I previously liked and / or wanted to try, the Westin just happened to have the best rates I could find for the weekend, so off we went. We arrived for a 3 p.m. check-in on a Friday, and we had our room and everything all set in about two minutes, legit. We had Room 910, a large king-sized room overlooking some office buildings and a small plaza with Roy Lichtenstein statues, but there was plenty of sunshine. The bed was Heavenly (as advertised), and there was a nice small seating / desk area adjacent to the bed next to the windows. The bathroom was of decent size and very clean; those rainfall shower heads are amazing! If I didn't have so much planned in the city for that weekend, I would have alternately stayed in bed and took repeated showers. Ha!

Because we were out so much, we didn't really have much interaction with the staff, though the interactions we had were friendly. We made friends with the valets and bag checkers at the main entrance on South 17th. Those guys are hilarious! It was a pleasure walking past them and conversing with them several times a day. Upon arrival at our room, we found our toilet to be a bit clogged up with toilet paper, and by the next morning, it was not flushing too well; on our way out for the day, we told someone at the front desk about it, and when we arrived back at our room a few hours later, problem solved! I was pleased about the quickness of our situation being resolved. (Because who wants to stay in a room for two nights with a clogged up toilet? I'd be hard pressed to find that person. Ha!) 

Oh, and can I mention 3 p.m. CHECK OUT on Sundays? YES! AMAZING! It was lovely to be able to roll out of bed around 10, go to the east side of the city for brunch at 11:30, come back to the hotel around 1:30, and leisurely get our stuff together to leave at 3. No rushing to get out by noon! Our bus back to NYC didn't leave until 6 p.m., but the fantastic aforementioned gentlemen downstairs held our bags so we didn't have to lug luggage around the city with us for another three hours. We were about to leisurely spend a fine few hours strolling and enjoying what Philadelphia has to offer. 

My mere complaint would be paying for WiFi. I had to bring my computer to do homework...grad school doesn't stop for a vacation when you want it to, haha...and I was not pleased about having to pay $14.95 a day. (Or, as it says in the Westin's guest book, "a nominal fee".) Lucky for me, the beau has a hot spot on his smartphone, so I just went off of that. Still, any other time (or once June 28th, 2014 rolls around), I won't have to worry about grad school anymore (YAY!), so paid WiFi wouldn't be an issue if I chose to stay here again.

Yes, I was quite pleased with my stay at the Westin and would absolutely come back here again. I know I'll have a comfy bed, a nice shower, and great and helpful service. It's the little things, right?
Beautiful place but stop with the nickle and dime'ing!  

500 for 2 nights - then charge 97 dollars for valet (which I didn't use) and then charge 13 bucks a day if you want to use wi-fi?  Charge if you want to use the bottle of water waiting for you in the room.  Charge if you want to watch anything but the most basic tv with 1 hbo. 

What I wasn't charged for was the maid service - BECAUSE THERE WAS NONE.  And oh no, I wasn't being green and requesting my sheets not be changed... oh no - for 300 dollars a night I want fresh sheets!  

When we brought this up with the management they assured us it was their policy to not change the sheets everyday... like the very act of having a policy somehow justifies the policy's existence.  We did receive two extra towels after complaining... they were sitting on the ground in front of the room... so I guess we effectively got one usable towel unless I wanted to basically roll around the floor.


The only thing that keeps it from getting one star was that it was very, very nice, clean and in a good locale -- but man, not worth it!
Need the ability to give negative stars. Booked this hotel for this evening. My son has an audition at 8am. We were coming in from NY and I called ahead to make sure they knew we would be late. When we arrive we were informed that they gave our 2 bed room away and only a king was available. They refused to do anything but put a cot in the room. The night manager, Leonard Anderson could have just given us an additional room as the hotel was not full and just refused to do anything. Service was rude at best.  Luckily hotels.com was able to relocate us.
Thank you Westin Philadelphia for a really nice stay on Saturday night. My husband and I were in town for 24 hours to meet up with friends, so at the last minute I bid on Priceline for a hotel. We snagged the Westin for $115 for the night. 

The Westin is in a great location with lots of shopping, dining, drinking, and touristy attractions literally steps away. We decided to skip using the hotel valet and parked in a garage around the corner. There are tons of garages to choose from, and unfortunately, we chose poorly. $26 for 24 hours...OK that is fine. But then, it's $20 for an hour! So because we opted for late checkout, parking ran us $46. Our fault for not reading the sign the day before, but beware.

Even though we arrived slightly before noon on Saturday, we were able to check in immediately and head to our room. The room is really spacious and the bed is...heavenly. Or something like that. It's heavenly if you like nice, soft beds. Me, not so much. But it was fine and I slept like a baby. Although I'm not sure if that was because of the bed or the 13.5 hours of drinking we did. Because of said drinking, we called for late checkout on Sunday and were able to check out at 1 pm with no problem. The only thing about our stay that was a negative was the shower and the water temperature. It literally would take 10 minutes to get our shower hot or anywhere near the temperature I turned the handle too. Not sure if that is a hotel problem or just a room 633 problem. 

Overall we had a really nice stay in a lovely hotel. I would not hestitate to stay at the Westin Philadelphia on a future visit due to price, location, and the room.
I have a love-hate relationship with the Westin after about 3 months staying there every week. I love the location, the staff, the lobby area, and that they know my standard breakfast order, so I can call up in the morning and ask for "the Amanda special" and get exactly what I want, ready for pickup in the restaurant (to go).

Then there's the hate: it took them weeks to get my order consistently right, there's a fairly constant (and noisy) union protest out front, and a few times my room has been disgustingly dirty (e.g., pet hair covering the floor and bedding or a puddle of dried urine by the toilet).

I've kept staying there because it's so conveniently located and the staff has gone out of its way to make me feel welcome. I'd stay there again if another project brought me to Philly, but would keep doing a quick room cleanliness inspection before settling in ... and would pray that the union folks, their loud speakers, and their inflatable rat would've moved on by then.
This is a nice hotel in Center City Philadelphia.  I stayed here for a weekend a few weeks ago, and enjoyed my stay. 

Location:  Great!  There's a stop for the Market-Frankford SEPTA Line right around the corner, which makes it easy to get to sites like the Liberty Bell and Penn's Landing.  It's also about a 10 minute walk from the Reading Terminal Market, and a 5 minute walk to Love Park.

Service: Everyone at the Front Desk is very friendly, as are the bartenders at the Bar at the lobby level.

Ameneites:  Breakfast is not included, and they don't have a pool.   Don't touch any of the snacks in the tray on the bureau.  They have sensors attached to them, and you will be charged.  They do not have free wi-fi here.

Miscelaneous: The "Heavenly Bed" lives up to its name.  I also liked the 2-head shower.

All in all, I really enjoyed my stay here and will most likely return if I'm in the neighborhood again.
Won't be back
The room and its offerings were fantastic, great city view, and excellent location. Now, I booked the hotel and it was around 175.00$ for the night (reasonable). Upon arriving I was told I needed to put down an additional 100$ for "incedentals".
Ok big deal, I'm not cheap so at the time under the impression id get it back I handed over the cash. I had my dog with me and signed their waiver (never being notified of a pet charge nor was there any information about the potential for additional charges,  all I was told was that they're pet friendly) and we went to our room. I was with my girlfriend so naturally we wanted dinner, no one at the hotel knew anything about the area, are you kidding! Fast forward,  we ate, we went to a concert,  had an amazing time at the show, met some great taxi drivers and had a fantastic evening in Philly. Now the morning comes and so does the bill. I had incurred an additional 150+$ in additional charges! The "incedentals" was cleverly used to mask the fact that I was charge 50$ for my dog, 50$ for the Valet parking,  and 50$ for the mini bar that we never touched!
To hell with Westin. Have been to Philadelphia and National Harbor locations, they're crooks. Don't buy into their "deals". Stay at a Sheraton or a Hilton.
While the furnishings were quite nice, this is not a hotel I would recommend being brought back for a drunken one night stand to.  After scurrying out of the room and taking an elevator to the lobby, I had to play a game of Blues Clues to find my way out to the street.  This hotel is clearly lacking in evacuation strategy and I think they could benefit from illuminated exit paths to guide you to the SECOND elevator to take you to the street.  The sex was good, though.
People either fall into one of two teams: Team Soap or Team Shower Gel.  Unfortunately, I am Team Shower Gel and this hotel doesn't provide any (its a BYOSG - Bring Your Own Shower Gel).

I typically stay at the Sofitel when I am in town for business, unless its booked or Starwood is running a promotion.  Here are a couple of observations:

- The $47 valet charge is a bit much (thank god for expense accounts)
- I've parked my own car and needed a treasure map to find an exit - I found myself in the neighboring mall and had to walk around the block 
- You have to take an elevator to get to the lobby (its not on the ground floor) and then another elevator to get to your room
- The rooms are a good size, beds are comfy, and they have desks to actually get some work done
- Wifi is $12.95/day 
- They do not provide complimentary water (I'm spoiled - I expect complimentary water after turn down service)
- I had no use for the 2nd shower head (its very rare when 1 is better than 2)
Great location, comfy beds and contemporary decor. While some have far greater needs during an overnight stay, it totally fit my needs and I would most definitely stay again. 

The front desk, concierge, lobby and bar area are located on the second level.  Finding it was a breeze thanks to the welcoming door attendants who even took the time to press the up button for me after opening the door on the first level. If I had to use one word to describe the lobby area, it would be infinitesimal. That said, the chairs if you get one, are comfortable. There's also a fruit infused water dispenser tucked away on the shelf to the left - behind a tall chair when you walk from the front desk towards the elevators. 

Gaining access to floors 5-15 require a room key which is a safety feature I really appreciate when traveling alone.  I'm a fan and think it lives up to its brand.
Worst starwood stay ever, and I've stayed at over 100 properties. No greeting, horrible room, bad service, and no apologies until the next day after I complained to corporate about how terrible this property is. Never ever again!
I always book Westin because the service and quality of properties is always consistent. 
First we arrive and we were given the wrong room number so had to go back down with all our stuff and straighten that out.  No big deal. 


Get back up to our room and the door was just wide open.  After checking the place for weirdos and such we decided things were fine.  The bathroom light fixture was rickety. 

Only one robe for a two person room.  

Kinda had a musty scent too. 

What truly annoys me though is when we stopped down at the bad for a night cap and were completely ignored by the bar tender.  He was just walking around a cleaning thing, helping the wait staff and casually ignoring us. We eventually ordered our $15 drink that was made so poorly that is was undrinkable.  We paid and left.

The only plus was that the room was fairly quiet and they left a little lavender essential oil to help sleep. 

Get it together Westin!  I used to love you...
I was not a fan of this Westin.

So, it was old.  Knew that going in.  But dirty to boot?  For shame.

Service was just so so.  Think, front desk staff that complains about my dog (which they charge you $50 for having) yet only awards me a measly 1,000 points for the inconvenience of having my room door not work for 2 days...and none for the fact that the water was nearly pitch brown for 2 days.  

The room was expensive ($259/night) and though the concierge, valets, etc. were friendly I couldn't imagine recommending this place for anyone to stay.
After reading review we realized that this location used to be a Ritz Carlton. 

Great beds! Bathroom was decent. Overall don't really have much complaints. They were doing a water maintenance the night we were there but they had provided rooms with extra bottles of water.

No pool here. But as a SPG member they had some great specials:

- 500 SPG points for every night you decline housekeeping (minus the day of departure).

- $5 to borrow new balance workout clothes and shoes for the duration of your stay.

Great location too - close to all the great restaurants and 10 min walkable distance to the reading terminal market.
Nice hotel! Great location ....Philly pretzels as a welcome at the front desk was a great touch to start my Philly vaK....

Parking is $41 self park and $63 valet(overnight) ....typical prices for cities now...just a heads up for those looking at total cost 

Rooms  are ok...this is one of few reasons why it got only 3 stars...

Bathroom was nice but the shower fixtures were loose...Bed is ok but I have slept on better beds

Tell it's a older hotel ....with old looking carpet in the room 

The restaurant in the lobby is Slow ....don't be in a rush ....food is decent thou...

Would not come back ...better options ...Hotel Palomar or Logans.... for the same price
THIEVES THIEVES THIEVES!!!

I'm going to give you the short version of my terrible experience with this place. I booked a room for Saturday and Sunday nights. Due to a personal emergency, I was unable to make it to the hotel Saturday night. I called on Sunday to inquire about moving my two night reservation to Sunday and Monday, which they declined, but told me I could still stay on Sunday. So I still have the room for Sunday night, right? Right... I show up to check in on Sunday, a night that I had already paid for, and the woman tells me that since I didn't call on Saturday to let them know I wasn't showing up until Sunday, they cancelled my entire reservation. If I wanted to stay there that night, which I had RESERVED AND PAID FOR, I was going to have to make a new reservation and pay AGAIN. I felt like they were trying to punish me for missing my curfew! When I RESERVE a room, it doesn't matter when I check in. The room is RESERVED for me to come and go as I please during the time I paid for it! They had $400 of my money and an empty room that I had paid for, but would not let me stay in it unless I paid them another $200 since I didn't call to cancel my Saturday night reservation. 

I wrote an email to their customer service when I returned home, which was several weeks ago, and have yet to receive a response. I travel very frequently for both work and pleasure and have NEVER been treated so unfairly and disrespectfully in my life. This is also my first negative Yelp review, but I was treated so horribly so I felt it necessary.  I will most definitely never set foot in any Westin Hotel ever again and encourage you to boycott and business with unethical practices like this.
We were quite pleased that we were able to Priceline negotiate our way into The Westin for only $80.  Seemed like a screaming deal, nearly too good to be true, but luckily it wasn't! 

The hotel itself is set up somewhat oddly because you go in on the first level and then you have to take an elevator up to the lobby.  Maybe it's for security? But it seemed like more of a hassle.  Also once you go to your second set of elevators you had to swipe your room key to get to the correct floor. Also somewhat annoying.  Once you got the room, however, it was paradise.

The bed itself was so comfortable that we immediately fell asleep.  Yes, we had been walking for over 10 hours and needed to rest our weary souls, but man, that bed was comfortable! The room also featured a leather desk (yes, it was really quite odd), the flat screen tv, and random chair.  The bathroom was super nice and the whole space was exceptionally clean.

I don't think I could regularly afford to stay in this kind of hotel, but if Shatner continues to give me great deals I look forward to pretending I'm rich!
***READ THIS REVIEW AND LOOK AT THE PICS BEFORE YOU BOOK A ROOM HERE AND YOU'LL THANK US LATER***

Where do I even begin?

I'll let the photos do the talking as to just how disgustingly dirty our room was.  We asked for a deep clean to provide an unstained bathrobe, change the bed linens and to clean up the hair all over the bathroom floor.  The robe was never changed in spite of the very obvious stain on it so we have to assume the bed linens weren't either.  The photo of the dirty cloth is from my wiping down the marble back splash trim behind the bathroom sink.  God only knows what was all over the wall next to the bed...its literally nauseating just thinking about it.  There were stains even on the bathroom walls.  The Department of Health would have a field day here.

Far less offensive but annoying nonetheless - we were looking for dining options and specifically inquired about Japanese options, wanting something lighter, and were given a Szechuan Chinese restaurant.  Ummm....Japanese and Szechuan are nothing alike.

Anyways, there are other options in Philadelphia to stay where the rooms are cleaner....or should we just say clean?  This is literally the dirtiest hotel room I have ever seen.
My wife and I decided to take a last minute trip to Philadelphia. So the morning of the trip we did a priceline request and received Westin Philadelphia.

It is about 13 blocks from the 30 st. Amtrak Station and is located by many of the top Philly attractions like Rittenhouse Square,Logan Square,Benjamin Franklin Parkway and plenty of shopping and dining options.

Positives:
***Very nice room with clean linens,walls,carpet etc.
***32" hdtv is a very nice touch in the 21st century (many hotels still have old tv sets which can ruin the rooms look)
***The staff is very friendly and helpful. Our tv had poor reception, we called and within 5 minutes a repairman was in our room fixing the cables and the tv was then crystal clear HD.
***Also we asked for towels and again within 5 minutes we had them.
***We didn't try room service, but all the items were priced accordingly to a 4 star hotel.

Negatives:
***Honestly nothing, we were their for 2 nights and got a room rate of $99 a night off of priceline for rooms that were going for double or more because of the 4th of July.
***The rainy weather...but I guess you cant blame them for that.
We had an enjoyable stay recent,y at the Westin.  The Westin offers  excellent friendly service   The Concierge Gerry  was the best   She was helpful, fun, and super friendly 

We found the hotel to be beautiful. The large lobby and various sitting areas make it very comfortable. Our room was spacious with large windows and high ceilings.  Comfortable beds. The bathroom was beautiful with marble and rain shower head.  Most of the bathroom towels were more plush than other five star hotels.   The only disappointment with room was No fridge but only a mini bar full of overpriced snacks and liquors.  We had drinks at the bar downstairs, but found the beautiful marble bar cold and uncomfortable to sit at and prices were ridiculous.   

The Westin has a Central location within walking distance to most attractions, good shopping and dining options.  It is Close to public transportation - next time would have tried the fun bus as an inexpensive way to get around all day.   We felt safe walking in the day, but you need to be extra careful and aware of where you are at night.  We noticed lots of homeless around, maying sleeping on the sidewalks  especially in the evenings.
Just checked in at 5;15 am and the mini-bar was locked, I ust wanted to store a couple basic items in there without taking anything out. Was told by front desk that I can't have access to it until 7am and that I am not allowed to store anything in it anyways.
I then asked for a mini-fridge to be brought up but was told it was a $25 charge.
So as a Gold Starwoods member, not only can I not put anything in the fridge already existing in room I also can't have a small fridge delivered complimentary, which I have never heard of before. Gouged all around thus far.
The welcome sucked, but we'll see how the rest of the stay goes and if they seem remotely interested in customer loyalty & service, I will re-evaluate.
I was woken up 3 times in the morning, starting at 8am, by housekeeping. They thought that I had checked out, even though I repeatedly told them that I had not. The doors are also very un-soundproof, so I could hear people shutting doors and talking  very clearly. I have experienced way better.
Dear Diary,

I was going to write this as I lay in the comfy bed here at the Westin, but I ended up sleeping. That's just how comfy it is - once I hit the pillow, I'm out cold. The bathroom is roomy, and the shower has this neat two-headed shower referred to as the "Heavenly shower" (see picture in profile), which I had never seen before. 

The other amenities are nice too:  (1) the fridge which can be used to store your own goodies (like leftovers or snacks) as long as you take out the to-be-purchased expired drinks out to make room;  (2) the wake-up call service also includes the time and what the temperature is outside...and they ask if you'd like a follow-up call - which, to me is plus because I tend to sleep through the first one (as well as my own alarm clock)!; (3) the gym - i haven't seen it yet but it's nice to know there is one on the premises; (4) the helpful and friendly staff as they greet you on your way out or in;  (5) the MLB teams that stay here; I didn't see any of the players but I did see the Brewers luggage occupying the lobby; (6) it's attached to the Liberty Place mall, in case you need to get something quick; and (7) location - it's walking distance to all the restaurants and shops near by as well as public transportation. 

After my two week stay, I definitely felt at home. I mean, who wouldn't during that time, right? Oh well, I shall see it again soon  for another two weeks and hopefully check out the gym. I'll keep you posted. 
-------
PS: I don't own a diary/journal.
The OLD RITZ Carlton.  They moved out of this building for a reason, or two or three.  I had a broken phone, lamp and shower.  The decor was odd for a Westin - Oil and Vinegar.

I will stay at the Ritz Carlton next time as usual.
I was in town to run the Philadelphia Marathon and specifically picked this hotel due to its close location to the start and finish lines at a reasonable price.

Pros:
- Great location, centrally located downtown and connected to the Liberty Place mall, and located a couple of blocks south the Suburban train station.
- Clean rooms. 
- Friendly staff.
- Helpful concierge.
- Reasonable price.
- Recycle bins in the rooms.
- Near lots of good restaurants. 
- Free newspapers.
- Noon check out

Cons:
- You have to take an elevator from the street floor to get to the lobby.
- Expensive business center - they charge $5.95 for the first 10 minutes and 40 cents per page to print...screw that.
- No microwaves in the rooms, and I did not see any in the lobby.
- The fridges in the room are full of items to purchase, with a sign warning not to put your things in it or the sensors will be set off resulting in charges.  Fridges can be requested at a charge.

In summary, I would stay at this hotel again due to its great location and very reasonable price and highly recommend it.
UNSANITARY CONDITIONS!! We found bed bugs in all three of our rooms. Once we found them, we called the lobby and they said they would change our room. While switching rooms they didn't bring us a bell cart to help move the bags! We also found a can of chewing tobacco behind our bed of the new room, just shows how well the maids clean between guests! I would recommend booking at a different hotel.
I stayed at this hotel for two nights. With the exception of the housekeeper that gave my sister a hard time when she requested a shower cap, the staff was very friendly and helpful. The location of the hotel is ideal; it is in walking distance from several tourist sites, restaurants and stores. Our room was OK, but not properly cleaned. When we arrived, there were dirty discarded tissues on the night stand, as well as garbage from what appears to have been a prior guest's celebration, in the room. These items were not removed by the housekeeper the following day. In addition, she did not clean the floor or mirror in the bathroom after our first night. This was surprising because when we returned to the room, we found her standing in our open doorway, chatting with another housekeeper, more than 20 minutes after we had initially returned from breakfast to find that she was in the middle of cleaning and had gone back downstairs to the lobby to allow her to work undisturbed.

We also found that the duvet and other bed covers were too short for the beds, as well as torn and stained in some spots.

The rest of the hotel seemed clean and comfortable, although having to ride two elevators (one to/from the lobby and another to/from the rooms) was a bit of a hassle.

The parking was pricey -- $49 per day.

Notwithstanding some of the issues with the room, I would consider staying at this hotel again if the rates are reasonable.
Westins are usually nice, but the Westin Philadelphia is disappointing. The room was dusty and looked worn (room phone was almost cool in a vintage way - from 1990), and there were peeling stickers in the bathroom advertising their "heavenly shower heads". Apparently heaven is lacking water pressure and sufficient heat.

Also, the late night menu is sad, and I was overcharged for my salad, which is one of the four or five items offered after 11:00 (I called at 10:45 but their clocks are running fast). Rather than fix the overcharge the front desk transferred me to their restaurant manager, who couldn't help, and then to accounting. What? 

I like the Westin brand but this particular hotel is managed very poorly. If you're planning to stay here reconsider!
We had a fabulous time at Westin in Philadelphia.  This was a suggestion from a close friend who stayed there a few months ago.  The location is amazing, a few blocks from Rittenhouse Square, shopping, restaurants, etc.  It's even connected to a mall (Shops at Liberty Place).  We parked underneath the mall for a whopping $33 A NIGHT.  Damn.  But it is a city.  The entrance to the Westin from the mall is kind of weird and I thought it was a little hidden.

Check in was seamless.  We even got late checkout upon request.  I am a SPG member, but I'm not sure if that made a difference?  The employees were very nice, helpful, and welcoming.

I wish we hung out downstairs a little bit more - it's very old school with couches and nice chairs in front of a fireplace.  There's a restaurant too, but we didn't eat there or even look at the menu.

The beds are LOVELY here - SO comfortable.  All the other reviewers were absolutely right... heavenly bed!   There was a double showerhead in the bathroom also - WOW.  I want one in my bathroom now.  The room was very clean and large.   The TV was a flatscreen which I thought was a nice touch, like another reviewer said.  

We ran out of coffee and called down to see if we could come downstairs to get some, but they insisted on bringing it up.  However, it took them over 30 minutes to do so.  We called again and they came up almost instantly.  

Again, we had a great time and would definitely return!
"The East in the Westin"

What a fantastic hotel.  Great staff and the room service was ridiculously amazing.  

Amenities are awesome including double headed shower head, starbucks coffee, and the most amazing bed I have ever slept in.  I rolled over twice and still thought my best friend was missing.  

Found an incredible bargain on hotwire, so good luck to the rest of ya!

The biggest downfall was the fact you have to take multiple elevators to park, enter, and leave.  Also you have to pay for wifi which I though was dumb.
I stayed here when I was in town for work. I expected this place to be good since it was in a good location and cost my company a fortune.

It might have been across from my office, but the experience was a sheer disappointment. There is clearly no equal employment here as the top part of the management is very different from all the grunt workers (none of my business, just a fact). 

The room was never cleaned that well and one time I got back at 10pm and they didn't restock my towels so I had to call and complain. I also asked for trash bags one day and they were never delivered. 

The beds were super uncomfortable and a pillows too soft. I asked for harder pillows and they just send up even softer pillows. Don't waste your money here.
This place wasn't terrible, but I just wasn't wowed. I guess I'm becoming more and more of a snob when I travel for business. 
The staff was very friendly though and the location is awesome- right downtown, close to everything.
One major plus was that it's only 3 blocks away from a nice park so I was able to take my dog there everyday.
The Westin downtown is top drawer. No doubt about it. 

Huge king size bed. Long and wide Great mattress. 

Desk big enough to squeeze two people in should you desire to do so. 

Two shower heads in the bathroom along with a note advising you to use one to save on water.

Room service was consistantly hot and well prepared.

The excercise room has a sauna to remind me of the weather back home. 

Nothing to complain about. Not a thing.
My boyfriend bought a groupon weekend get-away for The Westin Philadelphia for my birthday!  Though the hotel had no idea behind why we'd taken the trip, they absolutely treated us with the utmost respect!  The young man checking us in not only gave us the opportunity to stay in a room on their preferred floors, but he also ensured we were aware of the sauna on the fourth floor!  lol!
 
Check-in was not the only great part of our experience.  The hotel was super clean, and had a good view to boot!  I am still so impressed with this hotel's courtesy & welcoming nature each time I passed the front desk & other hotel staff!  I would certainly pay full price to stay here again for another weekend in Philly!  (Note, we've bought groupons for other hotels in other city's and been provided with less hospitality & kindness because we had discounted rooms.  I will never return to those hotels... not even at a discounted rate.)

Additionally, The Westin Philadelphia is prime location!  We walked to LOVE park, Reading Terminal Market, the Rocky Stairs, & Eastern State Penn.  We could've walked to the Liberty Bell/Independence Hall, but I'd ran a 5K & chose to take a cab!  The hotel is also connect to a mall right down town so there are plenty of options for local, as well as chain eateries & shopping.
3.5
It wasn't a bad stay, but A few tweaks and this could have been a five star stay. 
  A nice location, but no "self" parking. To me, valet is too expensive. Luckily on Sundays parking at a meter is free! 
  Staff was great! Very friendly!
  The hallway had a slight musty smell.
  Very much liked the room but  the fridge and microwave were missing.  Actually noticed it sitting in the hallway which was odd. Also, the batteries in the remote weren't working. Hopefully they changed them b4 the next guest since I did inform them. But most importantly, the room was clean...

  Overall a pretty good stay. And for the price I paid, I would definitely stay again
Room broken into at Westin Philadelphia - AVOID THIS HOTEL!

My boyfriend and I stayed at the Westin Philadelphia the weekend after Christmas for two nights, and our room was broken into (room 802, next to the elevators). We realized it a couple hours after we returned to our room that day after receiving a notification from my credit card company that my card had been used at a few stores in the area. I hadn't actually taken that credit card out of the hotel room at any point, so we checked through the rest of our stuff and realized that my boyfriend's laptop had also been taken.

I am shocked at how the Westin staff and Marriott corporate has handled this situation over the last month. At no time has the fact that our room was broken into actually been addressed. It took weeks of follow-ups, phone calls, and emails to get any kind of response from anyone, which was ultimately that they will not be able to help us.

We immediately reported the theft to the hotel staff, and after about 15-20 minutes, a security officer and the Assistant Front Desk Manager, Christopher Fries, came to our room to take a report. He let us know that we could speak further with Karim Ware, the Director of Guest Services, the next morning. Throughout our entire experience with Karim, he was flippant and unprofessional, and clearly had no interest in, concern about or sense of urgency with this entire situation. Each time we followed up with him for an update, we were told that he would be getting in touch with us after a few more days. Each time, we didn't hear back from him so we again had to follow up. The responses were always a one or two-sentence e-mail:

"My apologieswe should and will get back to you this week aswe are still investigating this matter" 

We were also told that Westin would be conducting their own investigation into what happened, and although we've asked multiple times for the outcome of this investigation and for surveillance footage, our requests were ignored. I also emailed Marriott corporate about this, and about two weeks later I received a response from Debra Camperud, a Corporate Liaison of Consumer Affairs, with the frankly laughable excuse that the hotel is simply not responsible for thefts, and that was it. Again, my request to have the outcome of their investigation was completely ignored. 

The morning after the incident, Karim said that he ran a report of the electronic key card activity for our room and that our door was actually left open while we were out. I find this extremely difficult to believe. I work in the travel industry and travel quite often through the US and South America, and it is engrained in my travel habits (especially in cities) to close the door tightly behind me. We also were sure to place the Do Not Disturb sign on the door before we left, because we didn't want housekeeping to enter, and since a housekeeper was right outside our door when we left, we checked the sign and the door again before leaving. Karim also told us our door was ajar again later in the evening, when we were in the room and had already called security to report the theft. I was there looking at the closed door waiting for them to arrive, so if the door was ajar, it is very obviously a problem with the door not functioning properly. Chris, the first manager, also commented to us that our door, when closed, seemed off - like there was more of a gap in the door than there should be.

I can only assume at this point that this was an inside job, that an employee of the Westin knows that their doors are faulty and took advantage. You need a key to get to the 8th floor, and what's more interesting is that my credit card was taken out of my wallet and the laptop was taken out of a bag, and both were closed back up and put back where they were. Whoever did it clearly wanted to be very subtle and didn't want us to immediately notice that anything was missing. I don't know if the staff at Westin is trying to protect someone or what, but the complete lack of concern on Karim and Debra's part is just unbelievable. 

I regularly used Marriott hotels for my own clients, and I can say that from now on I will no longer be recommending them. I can't recommend this company in good conscience since I would never want my clients to experience the lack of care that I did.

If you're traveling with anything of value, a woman traveling alone, or traveling with kids or the elderly, I would be extremely careful at this property.
This was my first time staying in Philadelphia and first time at this particular Westin.  I was here for work and my company reserved well over 100 rooms, plus the banquet room on the main level.  I was quite pleased with my two night stay here.

The Good:
I arrived a few hours early since I wanted to do some quick sight-seeing before my meeting started that night, and they kindly and effortlessly stored my luggage for me.  The staff at the entrance were all incredibly awesome people.

The check-in was quick and flawless; I don't think it even took a minute.  The ladies here were as sweet as sugar on Frosted Flakes.  Check-out was just as quick and easy.  Due to the NCAA parade going on in the neighborhood, Taxis were unable to get to the Westin for a several hours, so they arranged for some car service to be present.  They picked a great company for that.  My driver was awesome.

My room was great.  The bed itself was fairly comfortable; the pillows were a bit flat for my taste, but I do OK by using two of them.  

TV was good, but I would have liked to have seen a bit more channel availability, but it was pretty decent nonetheless.

Customer Service overall was top notch.

Security seemed quite good.  You have to have a room key to access those floors, so non-guest should not be able to get to the guest room floors.

The Bad:
Honestly, nothing here was really bad.  Just a few nitpicks.

This is the first time I've ever had a room that did not have any wired internet connection, but only Wifi.  As you know wired connections are much faster and I could have gotten more done if I'd had it available.  Also I couldn't connect to the Wifi in my room, but i was able to access it in the meeting rooms.  I believe they charge $14.95 for Wifi normally, which I think is outrageous, since a lot of hotels now include that for free (like almost every other business does).  However, my company negotiated it in with the price of the room, which was $199/night, so it was handy to have it, except that it had somewhat spotty connection throughout the property, and as I said, I could not connect to it in my room.  I got back too late each night to make a fuss over it, so I didn't bother inquiring about it any further, plus the problem may possibly have been with my laptop and not the Westin Network.

I took a peek at the mini bar in my room and almost choked when I saw the price menu.  Given the sensors it in, I didn't even touch it!!  Honestly I don't appreciate this sensor thing that some hotels have on their mini bars.  They used to just charge you for the items you used upon check out.  Now with this system they'd charge you even if you just picked up something to look at it, if you, say, just wanted to read the ingredients.  I think this is a VERY guest unfriendly thing to do, and if I ran a hotel, I surely would not do this to my guests.  So I got my snacks from the Walgreens a couple of blocks away and got a bag full of drinks and snacks for what a snack-sized Pringles would have cost me here.

Overall, a very nice, posh hotel, which is well maintained and employs a very professional, kind and attentive staff.
Friendly staff in lobby and bar, too bad it doesn't extend itself to actually having to deal with issues like telling guests to keep the party down.  Instead tell other paying customers with children that it's a Friday night...
AH-HAH! So this is my second Westin to stay at in a week. This location while older then the last one I went to (Denver) is 100 times better. Wireless internet with fast speed, nice marble floors in the bathrooms, and huge flat screen tv's. The only negative thing I found was the annoying two lobby design. You have to go up an elevator to the lobby, then walk down the hall to another elevator to go to your room. As a smoker I highly recommend bringing a paper towel roll stuffed with some dryer sheets to blow through, as it will quickly be a pain walking downstairs for a quick drag. (minus 1 star for the annoying trip to get outside).

Westin Denver, learn from the his Hotel. A great hotel stuck in a grey city.
I came here for work one weekend. Food was alright, but service wasnt great. Best service I got was from the bartender at the hotel bar. I asked front desk for a late checkout due to our conferences, but the lady said management would not allow it. I walked by the front desk later on in the day and asked a man there for a late checkout and he gave it to me. Also, we complained about noise on our floor (drunk women were screaming and running up and down the hall for half an hour), but security never came by. This hotel seem to have some sort of lack of communication.
This is the second time I've stayed here. It's a nice hotel and they give provide great service. Everyone is really nice and helpful. This is a great place to stay if you're in the city and you want a place that's smack in the middle of downtown.
This is by far the worst Westin I have stayed at and has brought my whole perception of the brand down. The front desk service was sub par and not as courteous as I am used to for a five star hotel. I only stayed for a night, i got in quite late after midnight and had to leave early in the morning, so it was unfortunate my shower was malfunctioning. When I reported it to the front desk the response I got was "thanks for letting us know" - not even an apology or offer to make up for the experience. Management needs to up their game. Plus no power points at the bedside to charge my phone. Quite annoying.
I stayed here for a work trip and had a really solid experience. I'm an SPG member, which affords me free wifi, among other things. The hotel allowed me early check in despite it not being indicated on my reservation. The room was ready immediately when I arrived at 7 in the morning. The room was comfortable - bathroom was especially clean, so much so that I felt comfortable using the tub for a bath later (since I was FREEZING from the temperatures outside). We had drinks before heading out for dinner which were a little strong, but obviously worth what we were paying for them. The lobby was pleasant and made it comfortable for relaxing in between meetings. Breakfast options were healthy and delicious - I had oatmeal which came with brown sugar, candied pecans, banana and honey. The staff was able to make my blueberry / chia smoothie to go so I could take it to my meeting in the morning. The valet was quick - we never had to wait for our car. Overall, I enjoyed my stay and would certainly come to this location they next time I'm here for business. It was a quick ride from the airport, too.
As this is my favorite property in Philly I returned once again.

Given upgrade to one bedroom suite.  Nice, spacious, quiet (interior and exterior) and almost clean.

Looks as though the cleaning staff doesn't move furniture as I found Axe product and a green m&m behind the couch.
Here's the quick and dirty:
-Breakfast was excellent - (keep in mind no buffet option)
-Room, bed, bathroom were all up to the Westin standard.
-Gym was designed by a moron - the locker rooms were the size of the gym
-Crap internet connection .51 Mb/s down and .06 Mb/s up http://www.speedtest.net/result/828372116.png 
-Great location
-No Executive Lounge/Concierge Lounge

I'd absolutely stay here again.
I was fairly happy with our stay at this hotel...rooms were clean, modern, and most importantly cool as summers in Philly are sweltering hot.

My only issue was with the Heavenly bed...it was too soft for me and i had a back ache after our two night stay.
The Westin gets 5 stars for a few reasons, but mostly for their ridiculously kind and generous hospitality. 

They do not get 5 stars for ease of location, because it felt like walking through a maze when trying to find the elevator to the main lobby through the mall.

My wife and I were here early October 2014. As I checked in, the person at the desk asked if we were in town for any special occasion. When I told him we were in the area to visit my grandma and decided to stay a night downtown for our 1st anniversary, he promptly gave me two drink vouchers for the bar. Super nice!

Room was cozy, had a comfy bed, and a great location for walking to lots of cool things in the downtown area.

So, we walk out to dinner, come back a few hours later, and there in our room is a bottle of Merlot and a cheese platter. What?! Who does that? It was good wine too! In fact, Westin people, could you tell me what vineyard it was from? California, I recall.

Thank you Westin for the anniversary gifts, friendly service, and a great night at your fine establishment.
This hotel is PERFECT! The one star reviews below are simply false. First of all, their service is incredible. The staff greets you by name, and is always offering to help in any way possible. The rooms are spacious and very clean. The bed was so comfortable. The room service was delicious and service was fast. The location is also great, right in the middle of Philly near many shops and restaurants. I stayed here for one week for work and it was a fabulous experience. I would definitely choose this hotel again if I ever travel back to Philly!
Room was decent.  Stayed there over the last weekend in Dec.  Returned back to the hotel late December 29th and went to get in the elevator and someone had vomited in the elevator.  I had to the alert the front desk.  The next morning around 8 we got in  the elevator and they still hadn't cleaned the puke off the inside of the elevator's door.  Ewwww.  Front desk wasn't very helpful.  They charged us the wrong amount for our room and gave us a hard time about trying to fix it.  I wouldn't stay here again.  There are too many other options around this area to stay at.
Heavenly bed, heavenly stay.

Stayed here with my best friend, and we could barely leave the room.

Choose a room away from the elevator and you won't regret it.
All the double bed rooms were booked for a weekend bar mitzvah celebration so had to book a king bed. Entrance is off 17th, where you take the elevator to the lobby then take another elevator to your floor. Room was nice but when I tried to make coffee I saw a hair in the part of the coffee where you pour the water and it also looked dirty inside. Ewwww. The sink faucet also leaked as well as the shower. This room seemed like a hot mess. It was pretty cold in our room too and took a while for the heater to kick in. The 2 stars is for the location. We were able to walk to independence hall all the way to see the rocky statue within a few hours. Note...we didn't see a gift shop, which sucked because we wanted souvenirs, but at least there was a Rite Aid at the corner open 24/7. 

Room rate was $99 which was cheap, but didn't get much quality for the crappy room amenities. Waaaa waaaah
I stay at a ton of hotels, so it's nice to always see new ones. Since I am SPG Platinum, I was upgraded to a suite which was big and pretty nice. No complaints whatsoever. Hotel staff was helpful and the location is pretty good. The restaurants right around here aren't that great (fast food and such), but it's a pretty short distance to some real and better restaurants. It's also centrally located to some historic sights. No real complaints from me about this property.
Love staying at the Westin. Stayed here for my friends birthday the door man gave us complimentary drinks at the bar for her birthday which I thought was so nice. The rooms are always nice clean and spacious. Great location and can't beat the price for where you're at.
Check-in was easy. The front entrance to this hotel is strange as it is located on the floor below the hotel's main lobby. Need to take an elevator up to the main floor of the hotel so it's not directly accessible from the street. The view sucked but didn't go to Philly to stare out my window. Beds were comfortable-- a little too soft for me but it was fine. Bathroom was spacious and the shower had TWO shower heads, kinda cool. Only complaint would be the MISC refreshment center charge. 

These hotels have sensors in the mini fridge as well as the snack station. Jay C. accidentally picked up one of the cookie bags and of course I was charged for it. It clearly states (in small print) that everything has a sensor and should not be removed if you are not going to eat/use it.  Oh well, lesson learned. 

It's walking distance to many shops (tax free on clothes/shoes!!!) and restaurants and is conveniently located near the Rittenhouse Square area. Great location for the price. I paid $211/night for 3 nights Fri-Sun.  Would definitely be back at the Westin Philadelphia for future visits to Philly.

--
Parking: Didn't rent a car, but taxi ride from airport was about $30 without tip. Philly is a very pedestrian friendly city so we walked around to soak in some culture. Cab fares are very reasonable.
Nice stay in downtown with great shops and restaurants within walking.

Self parking in public lot below, $41 per night.  No discount or free valet even if you're platinum status.  That's typical of a big city downtown hotel. 

SPG is great.  Sometimes their benefits are not communicated well.  Like the platinum breakfast is for two people but the server said they didn't write 2 people with a pen?  The breakfast card says platinum on it, server should know.
Shady staff and customer service.  We booked through a third party and tried to check in early.  They would not allow us.  I have never had a problem with early check in at any other hotels.  So we came back that night and they said our room had "mechanical issues" and sent us to a hotel down the street.  They said we will get our money back. They asked for my contact information.  I NEVER heard from them.  I called them and they said that I have to get the money back from the third party.  The third party said the hotel should have told me that I am still responsible for the fees we paid.  In other words, they LIED.  I will not recommend this hotel to anyone.  A bunch of crooks and liars.
Wonderful Evening!  My husband and I spent a Friday night at this hotel a week before Christmas.  We wanted to take in the City's holiday sights.  The Westin is centrally located in a nice part of town.  We walked every where...the Kimmel Center for a show, Rittenhouse Square for dinner and drinks, Walnut Street for shopping, the Comcast Center for their free holiday show, South Street for the bar scene, LOVE park for the German Christmas festival, etc!  The Westin offered very comfortable, spotless rooms at an affordable price.  The hotel does not offer special parking so we parked right next door.  It was a little pricey (but not the hotel's fault....$36.00 for 24/hrs).  We probably could have found cheaper parking a little further away, but we felt  a few dollars' savings wasn't worth the hassle.  However, we should have just used the hotel's valet because the price would have been the same.   We will definitely stay at the Westin again!
We almost stayed at the Society Hill Sheraton but decided to come here after reading several TripAdvisor reviews and seeing too many bugs/smokers at Sheraton. 

The hotel itself is beautiful (apparently used to be a Ritz Carlton before) and the location is good too. But beyond that, it's just a great SPG property that isn't maintained well at all. 

1) Our keys kept getting demagnetized (no, we didn't put it next to a cellphone)
2) Half the bulbs in our room were out and needed replacing
3) All the furniture was already used for their junk - tables, counters - and there was hardly any space for our stuff!
4) HOUSEKEEPING - the woman kept knocking rudely and shouting at us, despite a DND. She was also wearing a HUGE Jesus badge and just seemed to be acting racist (not accusing without evidence, but speculating through experience). 

Bell desk wasn't very helpful when asked about the area or food options and concierge desk wasn't always manned. 

A very average Westin experience when compared to other Westin/SPG luxury properties...
This Westin is a former Ritz-Carlton - and it shows in all the areas which haven't been renovated, like the entry, elevators and rooms.  Only the reception lobby and restaurant have been Westin-ized.  My room was big though (a small suite), the bed was, of course, comfortable, and the service was prompt.  All-in-all, a nice Ritz, uh, I mean Westin.
If I had the choice between a hotel and an Airbnb, I'll almost always opt for the Airbnb. I'm all for unique experiences when I'm in a new city so 9 times out of 10, a hotel usually doesn't cut it. Since I usually drive to Philly when I visit, a location with parking is key, because this town LOVES to give parking tickets. So when in Philly, I go for hotels. 

I'm a big fan of the Westin Philadelphia because it's centrally located to a ton of things, there's plenty of parking, and their gym program is probably the best one I've seen out of any hotel I've stayed. 

Parking here is a breeze - it's self-parking so you can easily check yourself out once it's time to leave. Many of the other places I've stayed in Philly force you to do valet which can run up your bill fairly high. 

The rooms aren't that big but for me, all I need is a cushy bed and a shower and I'm set. Everything was neat and clean, no complaints here.

If you like working out, this is the gym to stay at. Westin has a program where they loan you workout clothes if you forgot yours. They also have a running concierge (!) if you would rather run outside vs. on a treadmill. They'll have custom city runs at the ready if you want to gallivant around the city. If you do like the gym, they had a ton of kettleballs and even had a Peloton bike! Fan-cy.
Great property, service and location!  Great location for business travelers, located in the heart of the business district. I had a small problem with the A/C unit in the room. The entire hotel staff knew about it and followed up from the front desk agent to the banquet staff....and all were concerned. I think that level of service and communication was fantastic. I look forward to spending more nights in those great beds!! Enjoy the stay!
I am a big fan of Westins and try to go Starwood whenever I can but this hotel is a huge disappointment.  1) The Internet access is terribly, crippling slow which makes a huge difference for business travelers.  And that's after getting charged $15.00 per day.  I've stayed here twice and had the same experience both times.  2) I love teh Westin Workout but this hotel has the worst version of it I've ever seen.  The swiss balls and medicine balls are all flat and the gym is tiny.  It just seems like they are not trying.  3) Because it used to be a Ritz, every time you want to leave the hotel you have to take 2 separate elevators and walk through the lobby.  Silly.  On the plus side, it is in a great area of town.
Though I had many pleasant stays at The Westin this year, the last one overshadowed them all. 

I had reserved a room from Monday to Thursday, but had a change in schedule, leaving me to arrive in Philly only Tuesday. However, I accidentally forgot to cancel my room for Monday. When I wanted to check in on Tuesday night around 11pm after a long day of work, I was told that my entire reservation was cancelled, due to a no show on Monday. I had to roam the city in the middle of the night to find a room.

Though I understand it's my own mistake, I was unpleasantly surprised that:
- they didn't send me any notification of the cancellation
- they offered me their only room left, but at a rate of $700 (!) - "no exceptions possible"
- the desk clerk did not show any interest in helping me find a solution, for example calling a couple of other hotels
- after I mailed the hotel about my experience, I did not hear back from them at all

I stay 100+ nights a year in Starwood hotels including The Westin and would expect they would treat their loyal customers more decently. What a shame.
Spacious and comfortable rooms with HUGE flat screen TVs and a comfortable king-size bed.  The location is very convenient and the in-house Winthorpe an Valentine is very solid.    Check-in is very fast and smooth, and the staff are friendly and helpful.  A solid Westin.
Wonderful hotel at the right price. I've been to many hotels in center city Philadelphia in this star and price category and the Westin is the best. 
Lovely rooms, great bed and shower. Clean and very we'll taken care of. The bar/restaurant in the lobby level is pretty great too. Nice and attentive staff, good food and decent drinks. 

If you have a choice go with the Westin on 17th street. I know I will.
I'd never stay here again.  Troubles started the moment I checked in when they insisted on authorizing a credit card of mine, despite having had an authorization sent to them by my employer to charge their account. We had to send the authorization again, and having received it they STILL charged my card again, tying up close to $1000 in available credit. They told me they would remove my card from their system and charge the employer's card, yet two days later it wasn't done. They never offered to compensate me or take care of this in any way. The left hand doesn't know what the right is doing here. The manager insisted that he "tried to reach me" but couldn't.  Funny, hotels usually have a record of which room a guest is staying in, so it seems rather odd he "couldn't reach me."  

The food is not good and the parking and room service charges are outrageous. I ordered an 8$ bowl of oatmeal. Final price? $22.  They charge $10 to DELIVER the oatmeal to your room, plus tax and tip. Are you kidding me?

Don't stay here.  Plenty of wonderful hotels in Philadelphia.
We stayed at the Westin over Thanksgiving weekend largely due to the fact that the prices (only a little more than $100/night) was quite reasonable for a chain that is branded as a bit upscale. Given its central location, it's also pretty convenient to stay, whether you are looking to hang out in Center City or be more in the Rittenhouse Square area. It is one of those hotels where you have to take an elevator from the ground level to get to the hotel 'lobby', which is a tad inconvenient, but both check-in and check out were very quick. There's a bar & grill named after the characters in 'Trading Places' in the lobby, but our only experience there (getting a drink) turned into a bit of an ordeal despite the light crowd - the cocktail was on the cheap side, and the wine suggestion was somewhat uninformed. The elevators up to the room were okay, although despite having 3 elevators, they often stopped on the way up and down, and the hotel key reader was imperfect. The room itself did have a bit of an older feel to it, as well as a less-than-ideal window view (we were facing out to the east, right into a bunch of office buildings). That said, the amenities were solid, and it felt a bit more put-together than some of the other Westins I have stayed in. The room cleaning and service overall was solid too.

Given the price I got, I would not mind staying here again (especially compared to other SPG properties in Philly, such as Le Meridien). That said, I wasn't really blown away, and you should expect solid 3-star (out of 5) amenities while enjoying your stay. Despite visiting Philly many times over the years, the search for a true luxury / upscale experience continues...
Just checked out this morning. The hotel is in a fantastic location, right near the Shops at Liberty Place and Rittenhouse Square. More importantly, it's also very close to my job when I visit this office. 

Let me start with the good. The location, as I mentioned, is great. The beds are super comfy. The bellmen are helpful and pleasant. The bar area is beautiful, and the wait staff are helpful, friendly, and accommodating. The food is ok...not great, but ok. I am a big fan of all the outlets and the USB plugs. 

Now, the bad. When I checked in Monday evening, the front desk agent was not super friendly. Sullen isn't quite the right word, but close. When I checked into my room, it was hotter than the Mojave, and I immediately turned down the thermostat from 75 to 65. It never did cool off in the 3 days I was there. The room that I was in was not something that was used often, apparently, as the clock was an hour behind due to Daylight Savings Time. I tried to change it, but it wouldn't let me. I tried watching TV, but the picture on all channels was scratchy and pixelated, so I decided to watch on my Chromebook. (Which reminds me. I'm an SPG member and was not given the WiFi password, so I used my hotspot). The extras they want you to buy....having a fridge with some space in it would be helpful for leftovers, etc., but you cant have space because everything is weighted and will charge you. I had a soda at one point, but for $5.40, I wont have another one again. 

Cleanliness was an issue. I won't go into specifics, because the next morning when I was heading to work, I did complain at the front desk, and almost all of the issues were fixed. The ones that weren't I will mention, so others keep an eye out. There was some kind of unidentifiable dried on something on one of the glasses in the bathroom. There were stains all around the coffee pot. The Westin book (with amenities listed) was dirty and stained. The doorframes, etc. were dirt stained and needed to be cleaned. For $250+ a night, I don't expect to have these types of issues. 

This is my second stay at the Westin, and I had similar cleanliness issues last time, which I also mentioned to the front desk when I was here last. All in all, not a bad place, but housekeeping needs some guidance.
I love Westin, and I believe that the Philadelphia location is an exemplary example of what the Westin has to offer.  It has a gracious lobby/ common areas that makes it feel very much a part of Philadelphia's history (I've been told it used to be the Ritz Carlton).  The rooms seem very new, with flat screens and the requisite heavenly beds.  I love the new toiletries that the Westin has introduced, replacing the old ones.  I think they're green tea infused or something like that.  The service is pretty good here as well- we forgot our toothbrush and one was brought to us right away.  This Westin is one that I will always come back to when I visit Philadelphia.
My husband and I celebrated Valentine's day weekend here. It was nice. We got a deal so that was good. The staff has been attentive, although we haven't needed much. The rooms are very nice. Having been the former Ritz Carlton the rooms are a good size and the bathroom is marble which is a nice touch. The T.V. is also huge. I have taken off one star for two reasons. The first is the bed. They advertise as having heavenly beds. The beds are nice. I would not describe them as heavenly. They were a little hard for my tastes. The second was charging for wifi. In this day and age and for the rate that is charged wifi should be included. Especially, if they are looking for the business crowd, which I think they are. Overall it is was a good stay and the room was nice. The staff was fine. Its all good, It isn't amazing though. I think I have been a bit spoiled by Kimpton hotels. If you are looking for a comfortable stay this is your place, but don't expect the boutique hotel experience that I perceive to be the new trend.
