This review is for my 4th visit to the Conwell Inn as a Temple parent.  It may be my last visit.

As others posted.  Location can't be beat.  Rooms are large.  And there is a nice coffee shop on ground level.  Front desk staff is courteous.  But it is tired and dirty.  Lamp shades ripped.  Carpet and lobby chairs stained.  Entry way has a horrible smell.  

What really prompted this review is the parking situation.  When we arrived at 9pm we were told there was no parking available and we'd have park in a garage on another part of campus.  Apparently you should reserve your parking spot ahead.  Although in my previous stays I have never noticed this policy and certainly never directly informed.  I always show up, notify the front desk that I have a car in one of their marked spots, and pay to park.  Not this time.  Bad timing as my wife has a torn ACL and really couldn't walk to the remote garage. 

We'll be staying in city center from now on.  Good hotels at similar price and never had a problem parking (for a fee) in their garage.
If you're visiting Temple, Conwell is THE place.  Easy walking to the Liacouras center, the Best Temple food trucks and other delish eateries.  Well maintained, very clean, good plumbing, comfy bed and great staff. Reserve parking upon booking and call for best rates.  If you're a light sleeper and got to bed early you may not enjoy the students hanging out in the area.  Typical college noise.
Definitely the best and only location if you are visiting Temple University. It's right on campus with $15 a night parking available just steps away. There is a coffee house adjacent and a 7-11, atm, and several fast food choices close by
Rooms are modest and quite worn. Also, be aware that wireless doesn't work in rooms. Temple's secure network doesn't have an access point here either so connecting to that is problematic.
The only thing that keeps this small, quaint and lovable inn from getting a fifth star is the size. There's nothing they can do about that, but getting a room around graduation, huge sporting events or things like that is difficult. 

With that said, I would prefer to have that problem than to open a holiday inn or some huge chain like that on campus. I love the small business atmosphere that Temple makes possible and I hope it always stays like that.

I've never stayed here myself but I write my review for my family members who don't even know what yelp is. They've always been treated kindly here and they always recommend to friends!
We love the Conwell and stay here whenever we visit our son attending Temple. The location is perfect. The hotel is quaint, clean, comfortable and the staff is super friendly. There are lots of places to eat nearby and if you want more than Conwell's adequate breakfast, there's a coffee shop right next door.
Staying on Temple campus was a big plus, but the Conwell rooms are run down. Curtains not closing and one set falling off rods, TV reception was really bad, and free wifi was super slow. The furniture, bed, and paint was just so worn. I would say again for the convenience, but not the ambiance!
I loved staying at the Conwell Inn!

The location is right in the middle of campus with many places to eat nearby. There's a nice little coffee shop adjacent to the lobby. For me, the location was a dream. I felt very safe even alone at night. Plus, it's literally a courtyard away from the Fox Business school--I could roll out of bed and be at my conference--if I didn't have to dress up in business casual, that is.

The rooms are clean, large, and comfortable. The staff went out of their way to be welcoming and friendly. 

Parking is available for an extra change.

The biggest challenge is finding it. My GPS had trouble so make sure you bring along the directions on their website.
Excellent staff, very patient & answered all my questions prior to check in.
Quaint, spacious suite with bay windows looking out to the pretty cobblestone street.
Safe location.
Pet friendly, reasonably priced inn.
10 to 15 mins drive to Rittenhouse square.
GPS might not pick up the address, call them to get an alternate address.
If you need to be on campus at Temple, this is the most convenient place to stay. But if you want a good night sleep in a comfortable setting for a good price, this place isn't for you.

Walls are paper thin, bathrooms are cramped and outdated (with horrible amenities), and as you fall asleep in your bed, you'll find yourself rolling into the center of a mattress that hasn't been replaced in (what seems like) decades. 

Whatever you do, don't stay on be second floor above the coffee shop. You'll wake up with their music playing in your head. Oh wait! That's actually just their playlist wafting up from the first floor!
Cozy, clean, can't beat location if you have a student at Temple - right on campus. In the process of updating right now, rooms are nicely decorated but you can see some dings. Bed was comfy, quiet at night. A little squirrelly to find at first - small, easy-to-miss alley leads to parking behind it. Overall I enjoy the cozy feel, friendly staff. Have stayed more than once and will again.
