My husband and I lived at the Franklin for a year, but if we hadn't left Philly for work, we really would have stayed forever! Our apartment was amazing, and for the price/location was a great deal. Anytime we had maintenance issues (they were always minor), they were fixed within 24 hours. The friendliness of the leasing, management, and front desk staff made the Franklin such a welcoming place, and it really felt like home. And they don't forget your pets, either! When we moved in, they greeted us with toys for our cats. These personal touches, in addition to the amazing amenities, made this our favorite place we've ever lived. If work ever brings us back to Philly, this is our top choice to call home. 

**because we're living in COVID times, also wanted to add that the Franklin has done a great job responding. The gym has sign-up times to ensure distancing, maintenance and staff wear masks, and there are sanitizing stations everywhere. They've responded quickly and appropriately as things have changed!
As a disclaimer, I have only lived here for 2 weeks. However, I had to write this review as literally every person I have interacted with at the Franklin Residence has exceeded my expectations. It began with Suzy, who helped me find my ideal apartment while I was living across the country. She sent me photos, measurements, even video walk throughs of different apartments. She made the move in process extremely easy.

The concierge members at the desk upon moving in were not only expecting me, but had everything ready including a cart to move my luggage upstairs. David was incredibly patient and helpful with the entire move in day, which would have otherwise been extremely busy and stressful. Ever since moving in, he has been friendly and very helpful (even carrying up a heavy box to my apartment in a suit when he did not have to). 

Not to mention, when I had gone in over my head with mounting my TV, John from maintenance came and helped me to install it. I tried to give him a tip for all of his hard work, and he politely declined stating he was just doing his job. He was extremely professional, polite, and hard working. Lastly, not only did he come to help me, he also came within 30 minutes of me calling the front desk asking to speak with maintenance. 

Overall, the apartment is beautiful, clean, quiet. Very happy I chose to live here and couldn't see myself living anywhere else!
I've been living at the Franklin for a few years and can't imagine myself anyplace else. I love the location but most of all, I truly heart the entire team that runs the building. Every single person is so friendly and helpful.
Recently I needed to look into renting an additional apartment for my family to stay in while they visited for a month. I had the opportunity to work with both Priscilla and Lynne, who were very personable, kind, and so very patient while I worked out the planning dates for the visit. They made the whole experience super easy, which I love and appreciate greatly.
People ask me how come I won't move to another building and a lot of it has to do with how the team of folks who help to make it a real home and community in whatever role they do. I love it when I can walk in and the wonderful people at the front desk know my name but also take the time to ask how everything is going. Not only that, but anytime something needs to be fixed (which is rare b/c the building is kept up so well), a team member is able to fix it faster than other places where it might not get looked at for days on; but nope, not here and I think I'm getting a bit spoiled by it and I honestly don't care, lol. Highly recommend staying here!
Had the pleasure of staying at the luxurious Franklin Residences this past summer while working an internship, and I absolutely loved it!

Everyone who works there is so friendly, they have a lot of events catered specifically to their tenants, like wine tasting nights, philly pretzel Friday's, etc. They are really accommodating. For example, when there were complaints about the gym, they had it remodeled and even when they did that they were considerate enough to have us admitted to another gym so that we could work out even during the remodel!

When cleaning is done, the rooms are absolutely spotless (don't forget to tip)!

My only suggestion would be to have some space where people could quietly work or meet. As of now we have the office center but it's essentially connected to the lobby so it's extremely loud. That might just be me being a spoiled college kid, but I thought that would be useful. Also the public computers are just paperweights with screens and the washing machines are excessively small.

I almost forgot - there is also amazing dry cleaning service!! You drop the clothes off right downstairs and they are ready for you THE NEXT DAY! By 4pm. And even though this place is a bit fancy, they don't charge you ridiculous prices for it. 

PLEASE stay here!
The staff here is awesome - front desk is totally helpful, courteous and friendly.  Maintenance issues are handled immediately; every time I've entered a request, it's been handled in about four hours. The gym is great with a good mix of cardio, weight machines, dumbbells, smith and cable machines, etc.  And the gym is never crowded.

The location is fantastic with multiple grocery stores within walking distance and many restaurants, bars, shops nearby.  Patco, SEPTA subway and SEPTA regional rail all very close by.

Note that there is a wide variety of apartments in the building, some of which are newly renovated and look like the marketing photos; others have older paint/carpet color schemes that look dated and need updating.   Some apartments have street noise and others are quiet.   The building has a master contract with Comcast which can be hard to navigate if there are installation or service problems.
I stayed here for a night with my friend who was in Philadelphia for a conference. If you have the opportunity to stay here - take it! I was expecting this location to be an upscale hotel, but in reality, it was like staying at an upscale apartment complex. We stayed on the 17th floor which had a fantastic view of the city outside of the window. The apartment itself has an open layout and is more than sufficient for a normal hotel room. Upon entering, there is a small closet on the side that is actually a laundry room which has a washer, dryer, and ironing board - extremely convenient! There is a small kitchenette that is stocked with dishware, so you are able to cook meals in the room if you would like! There is a sectional couch with a tv and coffee table in the living area, as well as a small table with four chairs. The bedroom has a king sized bed, as well as a tv and a walk in closet. The full bathroom is located off of the bedroom. I am not often in Philadelphia, but I would be more than willing to splurge here with any future visit that I make here!
I did a test stay at the Franklin before actually moving in and the test was amazing.  Living here has been even better than expected. 

The Franklin feels like living in an old fashioned hotel.  It is glorious and beautiful and coming  home gives me a feeling of being a celebrity. Suzy and the rest of the staff made sure to make my apartment  a home,  with accommodations that would not necessarily have been made at another residence.

Each apartment is unique so you don't feel as though you were living in a cookie-cutter square box

The staff is constantly creative with social gatherings and other treats for the residents. 

Of course with Covid things have changed dramatically. We can no longer use the gym and other changes have had to be made, For example the yummy pretzel Fridays have been postponed and our social gatherings are now virtual. 

Having DiBruno on site has made shopping so much easier and less stressful. The front desk staff as well as the maintenance staff are always on top of everything and make sure that all the residents have their needs met and we all stay safe. 

I can't imagine having to quarantine in a better place and I look forward to spending many more years living here in Center City.
