Basic hotel with basic minimalist amenities with a swanky millennial vibe, branded study library theme and excellent university access. No coffee tea or mini fridge or snack amenities available in the rooms. Robes are not thick and fuzzy but thin cotton.  No coffee or tea available in the lobby but there are ginger snaps by the check in desk but no water or tea?  That's torturous. Dry mouth . If the hotel does not want non hotel guests utilizing this amenity you can place the coffee service on each floor near the elevators No slippers and no frills for a retail price of $500 a night. Most hotels in this price range are service oriented and frills and detail oriented including smiling at the front desk and staff picking up old Kleenex and empty paper coffee cups in the main lobby ...attention to detail or extra doesn't exist in the area of people service.  but the rooms are super clean and housekeeping staff are stellar. .. the 3 stars are for housekeeping and decor of the hotel . Flowers and decor display extra attention to detail but not human services so there is a disparity there.  The location the decor , themed branding and cleanliness are stellar. That being said I wouldn't pay $500 but maybe $200 max for a night .
So, I take negative reviews seriously. This isn't a reactionary swipe. I tried to book a room online for Parents Weekend at Penn in early November. After I went through the motions, the website said it couldn't complete the transaction and that I should call the hotel.

I did. I was quickly put on hold, which must have lasted well more than five minutes. It got to the point where I was determined to NOT hang up because somehow this was a test!

When someone finally picked up, they listened to my request to book a room per the website. I was told that I would need to speak with the reservations manager (huh?) and that she was out until next week (wait, wha?). The 1960s called and ... well, you know...

I was offered the option of leaving a message for the reservations manager and I replied, "no thanks I'll just book another hotel." The reply, "ok, thank you."

I don't know what the deal with this place is but .... wow... Just, wow.... Good luck with your new hotel!
Was excited at the opening of a hotel just off campus from Penn and even encouraged my parents to stay here when visiting me after checking out the hotel's restaurant for brunch with fellow students... My feelings have drastically changed since being asked to leave a virtually empty lobby while quietly studying there after dining. Surprised and frankly disappointed that hotel staff went against both its namesake and location straddling university campus in shoving respectful students out of its lobby. What a shame--will not be coming back.
The Study really puzzled me, trying to think about what used to be here while I was a Drexel Dragon.  Upon walking down the streets of my Alma Mater, I liked how the Study incorporated itself into the campus.  Walking in, I thought the building looked nice and I walked up the steps, to the second floor.  Food was provided and I heard that they made the baked goods themselves each day.  Of course I needed to have a turnover.  Then a chocolate chip muffin later...  Then salad, chicken, shrimp/lobster bisque, cookies, bbq sprinkled popcorn, and maybe a few waters...  The food was really good and among the best at conferences that I've been to.  

We had a few technical problems, but I wasn't sure if that was the fault of my vendor or the Study.  Eventually, we got the sound working, but at times the microphone would cut out.  Being in the same room for eight hours was rough though, because I wasn't a fan of those chairs.  They looked extremely comfortable, but my back was aching at times.  

After the conference, we went to the Co-Op, the bar named after Drexel, since they were so kind to allow the Study to be built on their campus.  No alumni discounts there, but still a decent place to check out.
Bottom line first:  nice and modern rooms, friendly service, pretty good gym

I was here for a conference, and after getting through the horrific one-hour traffic from the airport, this was a nice place to settle in.  The friendly front desk staff offered free coffee, but I had other plans. 

The room was not elaborate, but it was clean and modern. The bed was comfortable, and the shower was nice and big.  I took advantage of the short window I had before dinner to hit the gym.  It was just the way I liked it: enough equipment for a good workout, and completely empty. See the pictures to look for yourself; it's not fancy by any means, but it's definitely above average. Pro tip:  there is plenty of free bottled water!

For academic functions, the location can't be beat. Literally located on one of the corners between Penn and Drexel, one can easily walk anywhere between the campuses, or even to Center City as I did.

Assuming the rate is right, this should be a great option for folks visiting the schools.  I certainly would be happy to stay here again.
Visited from Florida and stayed for a night. Customer service is great and the rooms are clean. Valet is overpriced, $42... really? I would just recommend parking at the Drexel University public parking garage literally a block over for about $15 overnight.
I stayed at The Study from 05/31/2017 to 06/09/2017 for the ABA Stonier program. My room was clean and modern. I love the lobby and the hotel's proximity to campus. I regret staying at the Sheraton for my 2018 stay and should have came back to The Study.

The hotel lacks a coin-op laundry room. This was a huge bummer because I didn't pack enough for the week. I had to take my clothes to a far away laundromat.
Zero issues during my stay here. It is weird that they don't have ice machines.  We had to call for it through room service each time.  The room was also a little tight due to a huge desk in there. It's called the study so I guess they assume we're going to use it but it could be cut down to half the size.
This is a lovely hotel! Very modern and chic close to Drexel University and University of Pennsylvania. Super clean and fresh. The bathrooms are quite nice and well lit with modern European fixtures. Unlike typical hotels built in the 80s and 90s where the rooms are stuffy and badly lit, this is really the antithesis of all that. This is not your dad's hotel! However, I give them mediocre ratings on the quality of the beds and the covers.  Too small and thin for the size of the bed, and the mattress is a bit on the cheap side. Otherwise, lovely place.

Update: My original review is above, but at the end of day one our stay, we came back to our room in the evening and found our that they forgot to clean it even though we left the "tidy up" sign on the door.  It happens, but perhaps the place can use tighter quality management.  

Update #2: at checkout, the manager was graceful enough to gives us a totally free brunch at the Co-Op restaurant in the hotel. I must say that the food is amazingly good and the ambiance is fresh and lively. We highly recommend the hotel and the restaurant. Well done!!
This hotel and restaurant have been home off and on for 8 months. My job brought me to Philadelphia and I tried the big hotel brands. The Study is my place. 10 minutes to 30th street station. The rooms are big and spacious.  But it is the people who work there that make the difference. There is a genuine interest in me and their customer service is exceptional.
A beautiful, clean hotel with a classy vibe. The staff is friendly and accommodating. The hotel is gorgeous in its decor and the rooms are a great size with plenty of natural sunlight. I love staying here any chance I get!
Bad customer service. Mis-informative and lack empathy. Treated like a second class citizen. Charged for a night that wasn't supposed to be charged. Such a nice place but it's a shame that we were treated in such a disgusting manner.
Stayed at the Study over Memorial Day Weekend and loved it.  Quiet, modern and great customer service!  Sits in between UPenn and Drexel.  Close to SEPTA MFL to get you into Center City or other parts of town quickly, without having to drive and try to find parking.  The room was spacious and the bed was very comfortable.  The bathroom was clean and shower had good water pressure.  Loved the lobby (nice collection of books) and the onsite bar and restaurant was nice but a little pricey.  

The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the rooms could use a refrigerator in the dresser and the safe could be moved to closet or they could have ice machines available, instead of calling room service for ice.  The rooms could also have clocks as well.  

I would definitely stay at the Study again.
My wife and I spent one night here with our toddler in February 2019. We were immediately impressed with the design of the lobby and I was quickly won over by the jar of ginger crisps at the front desk. We were lucky enough to get room 627, which was a beautiful (and spacious) corner room featuring large windows throughout with views of downtown and the UPENN/Drexel campuses. If you can get a _27 room, go for it! The rooms were well appointed - nothing is luxurious but everything looks brand new and there was clearly a lot of thought put into the layout and design. 

We had a couple drinks and light fare at the restaurant, Co-Op. The cocktails were very solid and the bartender (young woman who seemed like she was the bar manager) provided excellent service. The food was good but nothing memorable. 

Overall, we had an excellent experience all around and will no doubt return!
I'd give negative starts if I could. Don't stay here. Poor customer attention (couldn't even get cream for my coffee in the morning) and told I was acting in appropriately at the bar by some ingrateful bar woman even though i ordered no drink and was just there w a friend after hours. completely unaccommodating and judgmental. stay away!
Inconvenience after inconvenience at this hotel and while they did eventually take care of the collections notice we got a month later after their valets illegally parked our car (while we were paying $42/night for their valet parking) They made no real effort to make it up to us. See other aspects of review already written in photo. Do yourself a favor...stay at a much cheaper, better, local Air BnB.
My partner and I stayed here for a night and didn't have the experience that our bill suggested we had. I don't usually leave bad reviews unless I feel like something was unfair. 

In this case, check in and getting our room was no problem. We were on the 8th floor by the elevators where you could hear the staff slamming the maintenance closet doors while we were trying to nap. I mean I get people are working but I don't think they should be yelling in the halls and slamming doors at 5 pm. Even this was fine though. 

We did have a problem at check out where we were charged extra fees including a hefty $44 valet fee for one night of parking. We weren't told about the charge when giving our keys to the front desk so this charge was a surprise to us. I was very surprised but this so I asked the person who checked us out to please tell the guests about this fee on the request on valet. The front staff looked at me like I was insane for asking this. 

Overall, expect hidden fees at check out so ask about these prior to booking. You could park at a nearby lot for much cheaper and avoid their valet service. And hope you don't get a room by the maintenance closet. I don't mind paying but I didn't feel like this place was worth what I got charged.
