I've given myself several days to cool down after returning from a trip where I spent two nights here with some friends. I had the highest of hopes for this cute, quaint little place, especially since it's right across the street from where one of my best friends lives. And up to a point it was a dream come true. And then, well, things quickly fell apart and I have to say that I've never -- ever -- had an experience at any hotel, motel, inn or otherwise like I had here. So turn around and walk away after your read this review, or proceed at your own caution.

The house is beautiful. I have no qualms with the house in all its knick-knacky glory. There's also a beautiful dog named Oscar who resides here, and he's as friendly as the day is long. My initial reaction upon arriving was excitement. The innkeeper was incredibly friendly, showed me to my room and went on his merry way. I dropped my things and went across the street. Hop forward to about 11 p.m. that evening when the rest of my crew arrived -- with one extra person. 

In any hotel situation, this would not have been a problem. They sprawl out on the floor and call it a day. So one person slept on the floor, one on the rollaway, and two of us on the set of twin beds. It was a comfy set-up, and we didn't think it would be a problem. After all, we were already paying an exorbitant amount for the room as was. We got up in the morning, three of us showered, and three of us ate -- we weren't about to taken advantage of the situation because of the extra body. We probably spent about an hour -- with breaks in between -- occupying the shared bathroom in the hallway. I knew there was one guy down the hall, but no one ever knocked or notified us that we were using up too much time in the bathroom. 

We went about our day, enjoyed the city, and came back early that evening and collapsed in our room, cozy as it was, to rest before dinner. And then came the knock at the room door. 

I have never in my life been treated so poorly by a hotel/inn/motel/b&b owner in my life. The scene that followed was absolutely shocking, and to this day I'm not really sure how exactly something like this could have happened. 

The innkeeper proceeded to chastise us for taking advantage of them, telling us that they were very upset that we had four people staying in the room ("we would never, ever have four people in this room," he said shaking intensely). He got after us for leaving their blankets on the floor ("now I have to wash these," he said, making me wonder -- don't they have to wash them anyway?), not to mention chastising us for spending all morning in the bathroom leaving the other patrons to not be able to use the facilities (no one ever knocked on the door, and really, it wasn't even a full hour of usage, and there were plenty of breaks in between our usage). He also got after us for eating breakfast (only three of us -- the paying people -- ate their breakfast). He wouldn't let us get a word in edgewise, we couldn't explain that the last-minute addition was just that -- last minute. Would he have preferred we woke him up at 11 p.m. to say "Hey, do you have a spare room for our friend?" After all, there are limits to the check-in time. 

The extra girl tried to explain herself, but this innkeep was not having it. He was shaking like a leaf, upset that we'd taken advantage of them in "their home." I was absolutely blown away. Just completely shocked. He said he wasn't "kicking" her out, but that it would probably be best for her to find someplace else to stay (so she did). It ruined our night -- literally. We went out to dinner and our moods were just filled with shock and anger, so we came right back home and didn't enjoy our last night out in Philly. Two of the girls had stress dreams about the situation and I lost sleep over figuring out how the interaction would be when I was paying upon our departure the next day. We didn't bother to get up and eat breakfast (shame?) and we spent as little time as possible in the bathroom that morning as to not upset the other guests and/or our "hosts."

I will note a few things. This place has ants. The bathroom on the second floor was crawling with them near the toilet. The first night the girl sleeping in the roll-away woke up with bug bites on her neck, as well. I just can't express enough how worth it it would be for you to stay at a Motel 6 or some other hotel/motel/inn in Philly. These innkeepers obviously didn't truly weigh the whole "we're opening our home to other people so we can't get all stuffy when G-d forbid they accidentally leave a blanket on the floor" thing. 

So walk away. Just walk away. Quaint and cute are not worth dealing with overzealous innkeepers who watch your every move, listen for you to come in so that they can chastise you and float around you at all hours of the day.
I read Chaviva's review and I have to say, i had a completely different experience.  Maybe it's because I reserved a room with a private bath, knowing that I am a bathroom hog, but I had a great time here!

The house is a quiet beautiful oasis in the busy streets of Philadelphia.  Plenty of off-street parking.  A delicious breakfast that features fresh fruit and cream, sausages, egg casseroles, fresh muffins, cereals, juice, milk, and all the coffee you can guzzle down.

My room was beautifully furnished.  A bit toasty even with the air on, but then, I only spent nights there.  All staff was very courteous, if not overly chatty, but then, I'm from California.  Perhaps this was the East Coast reserve I've heard so much about.

Several local restaurants deliver and I had some wonderful take-out dinners.

I also spent some fun time in the comfy hammock in the garden.  I would caution, however, that the neighborhood is a tad iffy.  I sat on the front porch for no more than 10 minutes before a ruffian on a bicycle asked if he could talk to me (and when I say ruffian, I mean someone who looked like he was going to ask for money or sell me drugs).  A bit creepy.

I was visiting University City and so this is the perfect location if you'd rather not stay at the Inn at Penn or the Sheraton (I've stayed at both and they are adequate, but pricey and generic).  

There's a trolley that stops right outside the front door for those who don't have a car or prefer to leave the car in the lot.

I thought the price was more affordable than chain hotels, especially given that breakfast and parking were included in the rate.  I would stay here again!
I stayed here instead of the usual hotel option(s) so that I could walk to my friend's house, just a few blocks away, and I'm so glad I did!  The warmth of the innkeepers (Don & Warren) doesn't really come through on the phone or by e-mail, but once you arrive, it's clear that they truly care and take pride in their home.  The rooms are beautiful, and the breakfast is fantastic.   I was expecting the usual generic cereal, sausage, eggs and toast, but they really go the extra mile for a delicious breakfast.  (example: baked apples with cranberries, broccoli pie, gourmet sausages, slow-cooked oatmeal with walnuts, raisins & cranberries, etc. -- plus the option of the usual toast, cereal, etc if you want that)    They also have a little room with snacks, drinks and a refrigerator in case you get hungry during the day or night.  The location is very convenient, and there is plenty of street parking.  The neighborhood is not too sketchy (by urban standards).  Oh, and there is free WiFi throughout the house, which is important to a nerd like me.

I'm glad I didn't read that first review before booking my stay.  Sounds like maybe she and her friends were a bunch of annoying college kids or something??  (And I think that only 2 out of the 10 rooms has a shared bathroom.  If I were a guest sharing a bathroom with 4 other people and I expected to have to share it with 1 or 2, then I would be annoyed, too!  Not that I would have booked that room... because I hate sharing a bathroom with anyone...)  Anyway, one of the innkeepers actually told me that my friend (who lives in the neighborhood) is welcome to come and have breakfast with me here even though he's not staying here, and I thought that was an unusually generous offer.  (which I won't take him up on, because my friend would never wake up in time.  haha.)   Anyway, I would thoroughly recommend this place, and I will definitely be a repeat customer!

(Oh yeah, and if that first reviewer had been a grown-up, she might have recognized that the "shaking like a leaf" was actually a medical condition.  It's called a tremor!)
I was absolutely blown away by the experience of staying at the Gables.  The Inn Keepers were extremely helpful and accommodating.  I was a last-minute booking due to the impending snow storm and they were willing to hold my room without any information beyond my first name. I needed to get there quickly.  From the moment I arrived, I felt like home.  There was a delightful cookie and wine offering at the first of the lobby and the fireplace was so welcoming.  

The trolley stops right in front of the residence, and provides convenient access to everything you need when visiting this area.  The breakfast was delightful each day, and the menu was well varied.  They were also very accommodating of my dietary restrictions and timing needs. 

I look forward to returning on a planned trip to this wonderful property!
September 25th, 2014. I got the best night of sleep in my life! 

My friends and I had driven from Williamsport to see a concert. I myself had already been awake for 26 hours. When we arrived in Upper Darby, we asked a bartender at Fibbers, "Where's a good place to bunk?" Together we narrowed down the list and pretty much led to Gables. We called ahead of time and arranged a meeting.

As we drove through a destitute part of town we feared the B&B would not live up to our expectations.

Lo and behold, like an oasis in the desert this house sprung at us. Beautiful garden, wrap-around porch, hammock, this place was magnificent! After our introductions, we got the key and left for our show.

We came back battered, bruised, but victorious of our evening. I crawled into bed and then I heard "you want some popcorn?" Before I fell dead asleep. I'll say it again, It was the best night of sleep I ever had. 


I woke up with a certain energy about me. I had to have breakfast. The table laid out in the common room was decorated with apple pancakes, a variety of muffins, cereal, etc. Other folk whom spent the night were in the dining area chatting. My friends awoke and we left with nothing but kind things to remember. 

We will choose this place again when we return and recommend that you choose gables too!
This is by far the best bed-and-breakfast I've ever experienced. The home was built in 1889 and is completely Victorian inside and out. When you walk in, you were overwhelmed by the beauty and details of this home. The owners greeted me with warmth, and they made sure I was comfortable throughout my stay. The breakfast was delicious and filling. The rooms each had their own theme, beautiful and extremely clean. I will definitely be back here again and cannot express how much I recommend this place. Despite having family and friends in hour away, there will be a future stay at this location again. Do yourselves a favor and take a much-needed mini vacation and stay here, you will not be disappointed. Thank you Ricky, Cesar and "Sugar" for an amazing stay!
Gables personifies the sort of experience one should have when staying in an historic, family-run bed & breakfast.  After arriving and being greeted by Warren and Oscar, we were offered a tour of the house to see which of the available rooms we might be most interested in.  A wealth of amenities - night-time snacks, movies, etc. - are made available in the remarkable restored mansion, which is situated on a quiet, safe block in West Philly.  Don and Warren are warm, good-humored hosts, and the experience they provide is exquisite and inviting.  We were particularly struck that they invited me to join them for breakfast, even though only my mother and aunt were spending the night.  And it was quite the breakfast - by far the best morning meal I've had in months.  A great deal of care and love are put into this home and the guest experience, and I highly recommend the Gables to anyone interested in staying in the West Philly area.
Confession: I only started staying at B&Bs about two years ago. Now, it's hard to go back to regular hotels. I appreciate the pleasant atmosphere which feels like you're staying at a relative's house--acomplanied with good company and good food. That said, I try to research possible B&Bs when I'md staying in a given area. I've been successful so far, and The Gables did not let me down.

Let's start with the building itself. It's a huge, beauftiful Victorian building which dates back to the late 19th century. Beautifully decorated, the first floor has large rooms for eating and sitting, and the rooms on the second and third floors are equally beautiful and accomodating. 

As for the hosts, Ricky and Cesar were warm, friendly, inviting, and very helpful. They're new owners to the property, but they've made it their own and they did a great job of making my girlfriend and I feel welcomed. They provided late night snacks and offered us ideas on places to eat for dinner and visit while we were in town.

Located in University City, the Gables, while not in Center City, has very easy access. For starters, they have free parking (parking in the city will cost you an extra 20 bucks+). By comparison, you can park at the Gables and take the trolley (which picks up right outside the Gables) and take a nice streetcar trip into the city for the cost of a token (about 2.25). That, in itself, is a nice experience. 

I definitely need to mention the food. Ricky is an exceptional cook, and our breakfasts were delicious, and the coffee was great. It was hard to leave both mornings (for the city and for home), but that's just a testament to the atmosphere our hosts cultivated.

As for our room, it was lavishly decorated and clean, warm, and very comfortable (the fireplace definitely added to the appeal).  All things said, I highly recommend the Gables for people staying in Philadelphia or looking to simply take in a weekend respite.
We stayed 2 nights including Christmas Eve,  December 2021. We loved our room, the B&B, the neighborhood, and the city.
This was our first bed and breakfast and my friend and I just loved it.  The hosts were welcoming even before we came, asking about any special accommodations or service we might need.  
    The welcome on arrival was warm and personal making us feel comfortable immediately.  This personal touch extended throughout our stay.
    The place is truly Victorian, house and decor.  All charming and the bedrooms are beautifully decorated, mine had a fireplace and so did my friend's. Breakfast was delicious.  There are free snacks and free wifi not to mention free parking.  The Gables is conveniently close to the trolley line (also a treat).
    Thank you Cesar and Rickie for a wonderful time
I wanna highly recommend this place. it's not cheap, but worth every penny. a very charming place that impossibly can be beaten by a hotel athis price. Very clean rooms designed and furniged in a "back in the days" style, like I only know it from my grand mom's  house. A fresh home made breakfast to die for. Walton and Don who running this place and their employees are very polite and helpful 24/7. Oh well, as I can hardly be without it, I should mention the fast and easy to use Internet connection available everywhere in the house... all in all an awesome experience and whenever my ways will bring me back to Philly I will make sure to give my body a rest in that place.
This place is amazing! The owners are so nice and thoughtful. The rooms are very comfortable. The breakfast is delicious every morning. I almost don't want to recommend this place because I want it to always be open! But I can't hide this secret! Great find
Have you ever closed your eyes after watching a BBC or PBS period drama and wished that you could travel back in time and experience Victorian luxury as did a contemporary aristocrat? Well, stop dreaming and get yourself to The Gables for the full, immersive experience. 

The Gables is a sprawling, fanciful brick Victorian manse featuring ten immaculately appointed bedrooms, an expansive, high-ceilinged downstairs dining room, two sitting rooms and an inviting lobby. The elaborate woodwork on the winding staircase and in the floors displays artisanship that is now long gone. The rich furnishings include custom-made period curtains, stand-out Persian rugs, collector quality furniture and art pieces and ceiling lighting of museum caliber. There are operable antique gramophones to provide the music to help lure back into the past. While we encountered no spirits, a 200-year old white lace wedding dress on display with a bittersweet tale of nuptials aborted by tragedy, can conjure them in your imagination. All-in-all, The Gables is a lovingly reconstituted reproduction of a bygone era, one that a guest can lose himself in - and in comfort. It is also centrally located, with a trolley line at curbside.

The hosts, Cesar and Rick, go beyond the call of duty in looking after their guests' comfort and information needs. They are of that caliber of people who seem to genuinely enjoy hosting visitors, right down to the small touches, including complimentary wine, milk, soft drinks and homemade cookies as well as reimbursable transit cards to save you the hassle of purchasing them. Breakfasts are imaginative, healthful and ample. During our stay, they threw an impromptu dinner, which was a most welcome offering after having driven hundreds of miles that day.

If I were to proffer one tiny suggestion, it would be to place a bowl of apples out in the lobby (we are fruit lovers).

Anyway, next time you're lost in "Upstairs, Downstairs," "Victoria," "Downton Abbey" or "Bleak House," don't despair of being captive in the 21st century. Make your way to the City of Brotherly Love and check into The Gables. Rick & Cesar are awaiting your arrival and will look after your needs.
Wife, grown son and I spent a night here on a two day visit to Philly about a month ago. We found TGB&B to be conveniently located to the usual tourist spots, in a very nice neighborhood, clean and attractive and well managed by a friendly staff. A bit on the pricey side, however.
This was my first time staying at a B&B and it was exactly the experience I wanted! I have a thing for old buildings, particularly Victorian ones and the décor was spot on. 

Our hosts, Caesar and Ricky were super friendly and were happy to assist us with whatever we needed. They have the absolute tiniest dog you've ever seen (a miniature pinscher if I remember correctly) named Sugar who brings a nice little bit of quirkiness to the house. There's a few pieces of artwork guests have made over the years depicting her which is really cute. She's very quiet and polite,  so don't worry if you're not a dog person ;)

The house is on a corner with a spacious yard with plenty of chairs and a hammock. There's also ample seating along the lovely wrap around porch.  Guests have access to three floors of the home, the top two contain the bedrooms.  The house has multiple fire places, stained glass,  two pianos, a mens and a woman's parlor, and large dining area. In the dining area is a selection of coffee and teas, and there is also a pantry with wine, beer, soft drinks, snacks, a microwave, etc. I had Birch beer for the first time and fell in love. The house does have a decently sized parking lot but spots do get taken fast when the house is full. The trolley also runs right by the house, so public transportation is an option. 

Breakfast was delicious: a crustless mushroom quiche with sausages and mixed greens. There were also homemade pastries every morning, cereal, and juice.  That quiche stole the show though: so light and fluffy!

We stayed in the Country Willow room on the third floor. This room had its own private bathroom with standing shower and a Queen sized bed. Some rooms have shared bathrooms or twin beds, so there are options for different parties. The room was so charming! Four post bed, lace curtains, a rocking chair, lovely wood furniture, a television,  and a seriously strong AC! They also have extra quilts in the room if it gets too chilly. The bed was just the right amount of firm, I had two of the best nights of sleep I've had in a long, long time.

As we were leaving the cleaning crew was kind enough to let us take a look at some of the other rooms and the whole house is like a dollhouse, like something out of a fairy tale. I couldn't have asked for a better B&B experience, highly recommended!
We spent three nights in this 1890s classic. Warmly greeted by our host we had a quiet top floor room breakfast was wonderful and our party's dietary needs were easily accommodated. Within a short walk of many cool cafes and local restaurants, it's on a Septa line for easy access to other places. Will stay again next time we visit family, only an 8 minute walk away
This is an absolutely wonderful bed and breakfast. My husband and I went to Philadelphia for a family event that overlapped with my birthday. We had originally booked another place on Airbnb but when we arrived it was dirty and we decided to leave. I found the Gables at the last minute and they had a room and allowed us to check in within an hour. 

The room was amazing. We were so worn down after a day of travel and the bad Airbnb experience that we would have taken anything clean, but were pleasantly surprised by the pristine, peaceful, beautiful suite that we got. The owners were very understanding of our situation and helped us get settled right away. They were great about helping us get trolley tokens and find our way downtown so we could enjoy what was left of the day. In addition, since it was my birthday they even surprised us with cake and champagne. The morning breakfast was also great and checkout was easy.

I am a Penn alum but somehow didn't know about the Gables. It is now my go to place for trips to Philadelphia, I can't recommend it enough. Thanks to the owners for a great stay!
We stayed at The Gables for our anniversary in September. This is an extraordinary place for two reasons. First, the house is full of history that you can reach out and touch. There are all kinds of working mechanical marvels here, like a phonograph, a pump organ, and a Victrola, that you can actually play. Almost all of the structure of the house (doors, windows, flooring, etc.) are original to 1889, and the innkeepers have decorated the house wonderfully with unique objects (elaborate gigantic birdcages and a 100+ year old chess set, to name a few) that give the impression that you have stepped back in time to the Victorian era. You just cannot find a place with this much character anywhere else. (Of course, the place also has modern amenities like great air conditioning.)

Secondly, the innkeepers, Cesar and Ricky, are consummate hosts and go far, far out of their way to make you feel welcome and taken care of. They cook a delicious, ample breakfast every morning. Sometimes we hosted some visitors and Cesar would just stop by with some complimentary cupcakes. There is a pantry with wines, beer, coffee, tea, and snacks that you can access 24/7, and you can leave leftovers or put other beverages in the fridge as well. We had to mail a package over the weekend and Cesar took care of it while we were out and about. You can easily reach the hosts by text and they respond to your questions in minutes.

Lastly, we felt safe and the innkeepers have taken all precautions in the COVID era. Folks wore masks (guests and staff alike) and it was very easy to socially distance on the property.

We stayed in the Victorian Suite, which I highly recommend as it has a solarium, perfect for reading breaks or naps during the day. If you come here, please also visit the nearby Kusina Philly restaurant that Cesar also runs -- the Filipino food is delicious and safe indoor dining is available too if you want to escape the heat.
