We stayed for several days and wanted to bring the New Year in and I am so glad we chose to stay here at this bed and breakfast. We have been to Philadelphia several times and have stayed at several places but without a shadow of a doubt this has been the best place we have stayed at so far. As soon as you walk in there is a dining area which is set up for breakfast in the morning and a parlor area with plenty of seating areas. It was decorated with most beautiful Christmas tree, with a beautiful fire place. We would normally grab a seat there as we grabbed a complimentary coffee or tea along with a cookie or glass of wine. As other guests come in they would often join to talk. The innkeeper often joined us to chat and was a great host. 
We stayed in room 402-the Robert Fulton room, it was plenty large enough with a comfortable full bed. The bathroom was quite spacious. The room was really nice and quaint. My girlfriend loved the room. It was perfect! The only thing I did not necessarily like was the fact that we had to climb the 4 flights of stairs whenever we left or came back to the room. Regardless, the stair climbing did not take away from the charm. Every days we were there we had breakfast-coffee, toast, baked goods, yogurt and fruits. We loved our stay there and will absolutely come back on our next visit.
I'm here at the Thomas Bond House as I write this. It is 2AM Saturday morning. There is no sleeping here as the drunks parade by just outside the window. Every hoot and holler, every whoop and shout, every drunken bellow can be heard as if I were on the streets with the revelers. And then there are the non-stop honking taxis, roaring, unmuffled cars gunning their motors and thumping bass blaring from car stereos... You get the picture; pretty much every noise you can hear in a bar infested party zone. There is no sleeping here, which means there is no rest, which means this is not much of a vacation AT ALL.

Other than that, if you're a zombie and don't need any sleep, this place is in a great location and is very quaint.
I stayed here for three wonderful nights last week. Hands down, the best accommodation value I've ever had. My room was spotlessly clean and very comfortable (on the second floor overlooking Welcome Park). Breakfast each morning included delicious home-baked breads made by the proprietress, fresh fruit, cereal and yogurt, great coffee, juice, AND a hot meal (yummy French toast, ricotta pancakes, sausage). The couple who manages it and their staff are friendly, helpful, and accommodating. Great wine and cheese in the evening, too, in a charmingly decorated front room. As for the location, it's prime. I was able to walk everywhere I needed to go in Society Hill, Olde City, and Center City from here. Fantastic, and I plan to stay here again when I'm back in Philly in a few months.
Stayed here for 2 nights (Saturday and Sunday) in April 2011.  I see that previous posters expressed concerns about staying here and that helped me make the decision whether or not to book.  Is there a lot of noise outside on a Saturday night...YES.  Did it ruin the experience for us...NO!  We booked knowing full well that there would be crowds outside the window at 2am.  On the plus side, though, we could walk anywhere nearby without having to park the car or pay for a taxi.  We (including our 13 yo daughter) walked to Reading terminal market, the Walnut St. Theater, Franklin Fountain, and Independence Hall in minutes.  It was SUPER CONVENIENT and the house was what we were looking for--a historic building in the oldest parts of town.  Don't expect great breakfasts (on a weekday) and plush robes in the room.  But we did find it to be clean, historical, and close to the things we wanted to see.  (FYI--there was NO NOISE outside on Sunday night!)
I agree with previous posts that raved about this place. I am only going to add more points that haven't been mentioned before:

* Comfortable bed in a room with AC, and complimentary Wi-Fi!!!! Old creature comfort with modern technology. "Huzzah" As Ben Franklin himself would say.

* Friendly and helpful inn keepers, give you directions, tips and suggestions about the nooks and crannies of the local points of interest.

* Located in the Old City within walking distance to all historical sites. Public transportation are also easily accessible.

* Surrounded by restaurants, taverns, hip bars. There are crowds at night but not rowdy (we stayed during weekdays), no noise to bother us sleeping.

* Several guests were repeat customers (a good sign).

A note of warning: The rooms are in the 2nd, 3rd & 4th floors and there is no elevator. Consider this carefully when choosing your rooms and/or when packing your luggage.
(The inn keeper was very nice and had no qualm in helping us lift our stuffs but one would hate to impose).
The wife and I stayed here for two nights in different room each night since the same room was not available both nights.  The staff was amazingly friendly and anticipated many of our questions and needs.  The location was exceptional and within walking distance of everything we wanted to do.  Parking was extremely easy as well with a garage right next door.

The first room we stayed in was the Phineas Bond room and it was crazy small with an elevated queen bed.  We're tall people and felt very claustrophobic.  The second night we had the Catherine Cox room and it was also very small with a double bed but at least had a desk.  We picked less expensive rooms and it is a very old house so perhaps we should have expected that but they were the smallest rooms we have stayed at.  

Then hot breakfasts were solid (really enjoyed the French Toast) and the pastries and breads were delicious.

The nightly glasses of wine and fresh baked cookies were a great touch. 

We would say here again for the great location and exceptionally friendly staff but upgrade to a bigger room.
Have your friends and family avoid this place. They made TWO fraudulent charges to my credit card totaling hundreds of dollars, refused to remove them, refused to cooperate with bank, leading to me spending hours and hours trying to clean up this mess with my bank. This place is run by a semi-shady corporation in Washington DC.  They're crooks, in my opinion.  Don't make the mistake I made and Avoid the Thomas Bond House B&B
Very clean and adequate room. Really cool, old, historic building. Nicely and tastefully decorated. The lady of the house was made for this role. So very nice and helpful in every way,,,,great tips on things to do. Even made reservations for us at the historic City Tavern (right across the street) the night we were arriving late for a 3-nioght Labor Day weekend stay. Complimentary glass of wine in evening. Warm cookies every night.
Very excellent location to walk to many attractions, museums, restaurants, bars, etc. Breakfasts were good, very fresh fruit every day as well as other staple 'continental' choices. Sunday included French Toast, some very good sausage and scrambled eggs which were good but no 'signature' knock your socks off dishes that many B & B's feature. Free wifi worked very well.
We stayed in the Benjamin Eldridge/204 room and it was VERY quiet. Bed was very comfortable.
Very convenient parking garage adjacent to the property. You can park it once (approx 22.00 per day) and walk everywhere during your stay.
Definitely recommend.
Just stayed here for two nights and this cozy, homey B&B is the antidote to a freezing winter. The whole place is so Philadephia colonial, so charming. Even the floorboards are the original from hundreds of shares ago, and the house has an intriguing past. 

It's also located right across from legendary City Tavern and the incredibly captivating American Revolution Museum. You could not stay in a better location. 

Our room was charming and well laid-out, always clean and quaint. The living room is my favorite spot at the B&B, so inviting - I spent hours there reading local magazines and eating the homemade cookies Craig and Nadia put out around 8pm. The breakfasts are solid, too. 

I recommend this spot to everyone who wants the Philadelphia experience! 

5 stars!!!!!!!
Beautiful place. I stayed for 2 nights and loved it. Very quiet and comfortable, nice people, great breakfast, close to shopping, eating and sites. Will definitely be back!
My husband and I stayed at the Thomas Bond House during a weekend visit to Old City. We selected the inn based on its price and proximity to the sites we planned to visit. Good call on our part! 

The Thomas Bond House is a gem. Tastefully decorated, it exudes the charm of an historic property, while, at the same time, offering modern amenities, such as air conditioning, private baths, WiFi, and in-room televisions. (Warning: No historic elevator.) Though the inn and the rooms are small, they are not lacking in privacy. 

Innkeepers Chrissy and Craig are extraordinary. They are attentive without being intrusive and are genuinely interested in making their guests' time, in both the inn and the city, enjoyable. The breakfasts were hearty and delicious, served in a comfortable dining room, and the end of every day is met with fresh-baked cookies and wine. I have some dietary restrictions, and Craig and Chrissy graciously worked within those limitations in preparing their delicious menus.

Across the street from City Tavern, next door to a reasonably-priced parking garage, around the corner from the Museum of the American Revolution, and a few blocks from Independence Mall, the Thomas Bond House is a great place to begin and end your day in Old City Philadelphia.
Lovely historic architecture and antique furniture, extremely convenient location, and our room was pin-drop quiet. The staff was very charming, friendly, and went above and beyond. The breakfast was very good. Highly recommended if you're interested in history, felt like we went back in time... except for the flat-screen TV and cable, which our kid loved.
A lovely place that hit all the right B&B notes. A warm, witty proprietor & a kind, attentive staff. Snug rooms with modern conveniences. & a wonderful breakfast, served in a relaxed manner. Sitting in that 18th Century dining room with the toile wallpaper & Mozart piped in was a singular treat. Well-located & authentically vintage & comfy. Many, many thanks!
We love old, historic buildings, especially when they're a B&B.  Location was great, easy to walk to the river and historic spots.  All the communications we had with the staff before arriving were good and helpful.  Directions were clear and times we could drop off bags before check-in was most helpful.  The downstairs dining room and living room are well-appointed and have many interesting historic items on the wall to peruse.   The warm cookies at night are a nice touch. 
We ended up booking the Benjamin Franklin room as it was the only one free for the night we needed.  We didn't mind that it was all the way at the top.  We didn't mind it was a bit small.  It's an old house so we expect that.  Unfortunately the air vents hasn't been cleaned in ages and had loads of dust in it.  My husband as asthma and this ended up being a bad situation for him as the vent is over the bed so he had air and dust blowing right at him all night long.  We did turn off the air at one point as it was freezing, but then it got extremely hot.  There is no temperature control so choices are freeze or boil.  The other thing was the shower. They have some sort of squishy mat in the bath/shower that is kind of bizarre and weird.  My husband did wonder if the mattress was from the 1800's as well.  Not comfortable at all.  We can't speak about the other rooms.  
We were quite excited about breakfast in the morning.  Sadly the excitement was not warranted.   I asked for the French toast and my husband ordered the eggs and sausages.  They also had a buffet of bread, cereal, fruit and muffins.  Unfortunately none of the baked goods were homemade, and they looked like they had just come out of plastic wrap from the food shop.  The sliced bread was more like a brown version of wonder bread.  The fruit was spoiled (cut-up brown banana slices).  We were surprised how fast our "hot" choices came out.  Not so much after I saw that the French toast was not cooked properly - it had moist batter still on it - and was mushy bread.  The eggs were ice cold and the sausages slightly rubbery.  Husband said the coffee was "watery, brown muck".  
Rather than risk food poisoning we cut our losses and found a cute little shop a couple of blocks away where husband had good coffee and we shared a delicious scone.  
This place could be fab if they can sort out some of these issues.  Fresh baked goods, properly cooked food, and fresh fruit are trademarks of a good B&B.
Staying overnight in Old City is such a great experience and where better than a historic B&B!  The building and rooms were excellent.  The parlor was great and allowed us to add a couple of games of chess to our trip.  The complementaries were a super touch!  And of course Craig and Don were great to chat with.  There is a friendly cat in the house that helps to ensure that no guests without reservations enter (and to help referee any chess games).

The location is perfect and allows for walking access to all the historic stops in Old City, Chinatown, Reading Terminal Market and Penns Landing - not to mention all the great restaurants nearby.
This is an amazing B&B in the heart of historic Philly, within walking distance of tourist locations as well as restaurants & pubs. Craig, the innkeeper, and Dan, the chef, made every part of our stay special -- from the pristine historic rooms to the delicious breakfasts, the complimentary evening wine service, and the evening cookie treats! We highly recommend this B&B & its professional staff.
