What an amazing, hip, and necessary addition to the Philly Hotel scene.

The aesthetic of this hotel are incomparable to anything else in Philly...rivals any Manhattan 5 diamond experience.  Design forward and sexy without being trendy.

I had drinks and lite bites on the Wetdeck bar by the aqua amenities...drinking were good and appropriate for poolside sips.  Food took a little minute but was tasty when it arrived.  There was dj playing lounge music, afrobeats, etc DJ JOSHUA LANG I later found out was the guy providing the beats and is the resident DJ.  Was definitely a vibe even on a day when Mother Nature had a drizzle going on and off.  I can definitely see this space being the "IT" place once they are fully staffed and can be open past 8pm.

The F&B Director, Manny was dope and shared what was to come with hotel outlets in the future, he has that "W energy". Bree the hostess in the WetDeck is personable and so accommodating. In. the living room lounge I has the clover day cocktails and the Driving Ms. Crazy" and that is what I call a cocktail!!  Definitely closest thing you will find to a speakeasy sip in a downtown philly hotel.

The rooms as a 10 out of 10 and every W worker I cam across were professional without being stiff.

#IloveitHERE
If You are looking for nice expensive cocktails here's the place. My friends and I went straight to the rooftop to enjoy some drinks I liked how it was spacious and the views are wonderful. Staff was excellent the host and bartenders provided excellent attitude. We went downstairs to check out the lobby bar and ordered food and drinks and the service was so slow removing a star when it wasn't crowded night. We waited 45min+ for some sliders and unfortunately my friend received grass fed beef instead of the veggie burger. Staff was accommodating which was appreciated. I understand mistakes happen but I appreciate attentiveness when it comes to paying attention to dietary restrictions. I also ordered an espresso martini and it usually comes with a cannoli but unfortunately they ran out of them if Im paying for $15 drink thats missing an ingredient I would appreciate something else in place.
Absolutely beautiful hotel but the main "Living room" bar is a dub. We waited 40+ minutes for sliders and then they sent out the wrong items! They sent out the grass fed beef sliders when I ordered the black bean sliders. Vegan/Vegetarians beware! Check your food before eating.It's not busy and it's a Thursday night so i am not sure where the issue was.

On the side note, my meat eater friends said the sliders were very good. Still disappointed that I wasn't able eat with the rest of my party that was with me.

Wetbar is flawless and service is great!
Wow
So after waiting an Hour and 5 minutes for two order of fries that I prepaid and tipped for I finally asked for the manager to return my money. 
She returned the exact amount of money PRE TIP including coins 
Handed it to me and said 
"HERE YOU GO"
Whipped her head around so quickly I'm surprised she didn't hurt herself and stormed off. 
I was with two Tweens and there was AMPLE STAFF @ 5PM on a Saturday evening. 
I will say the bar staff was very friendly but aside from running to the Ritz Carlton to get my kids some fries there wasn't much they could do.
