I stayed here on a recent trip to Philly (5/2 to 5/4) and loved it. The location of the hotel was perfect, in the heart of Old City and within walking distance to all the things we wanted to see: Liberty Bell, Independence Hall, Franklin Square, Washington Square, and the Seaport. 

There was a café downstairs in the lobby but didn't get a chance to try it. They also had a breakfast service delivered to your door in the morning (Continental $14, American $20, or A La Carté) but we didn't take advantage of it. They also had a gym and swimming pool in the building which we also didn't use. 

Staff was friendly and the rooms were clean. They had free wifi and HDTV in the rooms. 

Will definitely choose to stay here again on my next visit.
Where do I start with this property?  Well, let's make it easy and start with the good parts.  It is conveniently located near several historical buildings and sites.  Within walking distance of shopping and dining.  Parking available on site.  Decent sized rooms and amenities.

I'll start this off by saying that I booked this kind of last minute and hoped for the best.  I showed up here and upon check in I was told I was double booked.  I kind of know how this happened, but it was partially the hotel's fault.  There was a glitch in the system that told me I could not book, but in reality it did book me, but just kept kicking me back to the start saying I was unable to book.  So I had to go to a third party site to book the room.  Showing up here they noticed I was double booked, however they did honor the lower of the two prices.  When I went through the check in process I was then directed to parking.

The garage that is attached to this building is scary.  Like it was built and forgot about, kind of like some of the vehicles that are forgotten in the structure.  I swear some of them have been parked there and left for good.  You park, go to the elevator and then have to walk to the front of the hotel to enter.  Once inside it is to your room and left to your own devices.  During my stay there appeared to be several weddings happening as well as some sort of youth sporting event being housed in this hotel.  How do I know it was a youth sporting event?  All the high pitched screams coming from the room next door.  Mostly during the hours when a person was supposed to be sleeping.

The room did offer some great amenities.  I had a fridge and microwave just in case.  Desk area, which came in useful as I had some work to finish before I could go out and discover the city.  However, I did accidentally karate kick the chair when trying to maneuver around the room with the lights off.  I don't think there was enough space between the desk area and beds.  Ample storage for clothing, although it was odd that they had the accordion type of door on the closet.  When I say this, it was like a cloth door that slide left to right.  

The biggest complaint I could have about this place is how close it is to a fire station.  You honestly do not notice this when you check in or when you first enter you room.  You notice this when you realize the windows really don't keep out the noise and the firetrucks keep receiving calls all through the night.  I did get used to this, but only on my last night stay.

The nicest compliment I could have about this place is the vicinity of all the historic places that are a stones throw away.  You have Independence Mall a block up with all it has to offer.  Benjamin Franklin's gravesite is right behind the hotel.  You can walk to Betsy Ross House, Elfreth's Alley, Christ Church, and Museum of the American Revolution.  It is a well placed hotel if you are looking to do a lot of the touristy things Philadelphia has to offer.

Are there some things that could be fixed.  Yes, like the leak that is precisely aimed at the smoking area outside.  But overall, it wasn't that bad of an experience, but also not that great of an experience.
It's a nice hotel located close to everything including historic sites and Independence Hall, but very bad service.

1. Racist receptionist guy
So, we had reserved our 5 rooms months in advance. We had also called and informed that 5 of us were traveling together and would like our rooms next to each other. I was told that they can accommodate that. 

When we arrived, all 5 of us gave our driver's licenses and credit cards.. Somehow, all my 4 white female friends ended up on the 8th floor side by side of each other and I was the only one given a room on the 2nd floor. 
How come? 
A. We told 2 months prior that we wanted to stay together and they said it was ok
B. I was the second person to hand my card and license. If he the receptionist gave me the only room that's not even on the same floor because I was the last to hand it in and only 4 rooms were available on 8th floor.. Makes sense. But no, that's not what happened. He selectively decided to give ME the only room that's away from others. 
When I questioned, he said, take the room or go to a different hotel! Can you believe this? 
Since all our rooms had 2 beds, 2 of my friends got into a Same room and I got the room on the 8th floor. He didn't budge the whole time and didn't even say sorry. 

2. Good decor and comfortable 
If we look past the awful racist receptionist, the hotel is pretty good. Gym is okay, big lobby with nice furniture, good eatery on site. Rooms are clean and have all the essentials one may need. 

3. The view
Depending on the room you get, you will either have a nice view of the streets OR you will have the view of a Graveyard! So which side of the hallway your room matters greatly and I would've hated to look at graves every time I look through the window. Thank god mine had the street view.

4. NO FREE breakfast 
It's important to know this. Unlike most hotels, they DON'T provide free breakfast. 
It'll cost you about $18 for breakfast. (See the picture as to what breakfast can look like) it tastes good and very hearty.
I stayed here 7/16-7-19 $85/night and I loved everything about this place! Every front desk attendant i encountered was professional, helpful, and friendly. When I checked in, I made sure to ask for a room where it would not overlook the cemetery in case of zombie apocalypse. 12AM I went down bc I did not have enough shampoo and conditioner and they were helpful in making sure I had enough.

Wifi was a bit slow but wth it's free, what more can you ask for? 

The room was clean and organized, pleasant on the eyes. There's cable, so I've been falling asleep to duck dynasty. 

The rooftop pool is refreshing when we come back at 9pm. Only wish the pool would stay open a bit later than 10 PM since we stayed out late and couldn't make it for a night time swim. Beautiful view of the sky scrapers and moon.

The independence visitor center,  independence hall, liberty bell, big bus tour, $5 tshirts, starbucks, and ben franklins grave site were only one block away. Wyndham is in the epicenter f these sites. SUPER convenient!

Housekeeping lady was so nice and caring. If only all housekeeping ladies can be like her, then the hotel world would be a better place.

When I come back, I will stay here again!
I would like to follow-up to John K's response to my post.

I understand you want to make your customers happy and for that, I am grateful. However, your staff didn't inform you or any other managerial employees of my experience when it happened, they brushed it under the rug. You only 'tried to contact me' when it was apparent I would be vocal about your shortcomings as an establishment. 

I'm not new to the PR game, so don't try to blow smoke at this and think I'll budge. OF COURSE you couldn't contact me in my room because I know that your hotel uses harmful ionizers/air purifiers and I wanted to be out of that room as soon as possible. If you really and truly wanted to contact me, you would've looked up my contact information that is found in your system. Instead I paid over $400 for a room that may have potentially poisoned me and certainly put a hole in my foot with a rusty screw.

I received a call from your offices today saying if I came back to your hotel, I would be taken good care of. There isn't enough fruit baskets and champagne in Philly to get me to step foot in there again. 

If you look at my profile, I love singing praises about well managed and maintained businesses who truly care about their clients. This hotel is my only negative review... And for good reason. 

I'm looking further into your use of 'rainbow air' and I certainly hope I won't be having any respiratory damage from being exposed to it. If that is the case, we'll be in touch.

If you all would like to see what this hotel uses to 'purify' your room after someone smoked in it... Please click the link below.

http://www.air-purifier-power.com/ozone-air-purification-danger.html
I extremely disappointed in my stay here. I have stayed at other Wyndham hotels and found them to be above average and this hotel simply does not belong in the same chain. I admit that it's my fault for booking based on the hotel name and not reading the reviews- but wow! I wasn't expecting it to be THIS bad. Luckily I am in town only for one night- and that's just what I kept telling myself all night long. The place is filthy (pics to follow). Like another user said, there's hair (but why?) and the tub is peeling (hellloooo- this is your BUSINESS! Invest in upkeep and maintenance!!!) and in addition, the place simply looks as if it hasn't been cleaned. 

In addition, my room as on the side of Arch street and I heard motorcycles and cars ALL night. This morning I decided to treat myself to strong coffee and breakfast via room service- except I called multiple times and no one answered the phone! It may be lack of sleep (and now food) that has inspired me to leave this review but this lack of customer service is unacceptable (especially after I call the front desk for assistance). I'm running on empty and my day hasn't even started. I would never stay here again and discourage you from doing so. Just don't do it. Thank me later.
It would only be appropriate to start by saying that this hotel is in a prime location, conveniently between both Market and Arch St in the Old City part of Philadelphia.  It was a breeze finding the hotel after entering Philly, as it was almost less than a minute away from the bridge.  Check in went well, and the staff were very friendly.  It did take a few minutes each time I had to speak to somebody at the front desk.  There weren't enough people staffed to accomodate the guests for the weekend (Labor Day).

Parking was extra, and expensive when compared to other lots around the city.  We took advantage of the lot merely because it was convenient to the hotel.  

Lobby was recently refurbished, and it looked very modern and clean.  As did the bar and restaurant.  Unfortunately our room wasn't as nice.  There was a pretty unpleasant odor on our floor and in our room.  In retrospect, we probably should had asked to switch rooms.  I'm really not sure why we didn't, as it would had made our experience better.  The odor was very intoxicating, and gave my wife and I both headaches.  Not very nice.  The bed was comfortable enough.  

Food was rather expensive and not very tasty.  It took awhile for room service to arrive, and when they did, they failed to include half of our order.  We were told that they would take it off our bill.    

Ultimately, I would stay again but only at a more competitive rate.  The location is prime, great spot.   That's really what it has going for it.  Oh, also, free Wi-Fi.
Quite possibly the worst hotel stay I've had in years, if you compare "worst" with bed bugs during a stay.

I booked this hotel a month and a half ago for a stay for the AERA conference. At a steep $205 a night and with the Wyndham logo, I expected a pretty nice hotel, especially for the area.

Oh god, what a disappointment. Let's recap my two night stay, shall we?

1) Checked in. Despite my reservation explicitly stating a king bed rather than two queens (my boyfriend was originally coming with) and asking to stay in a room away from the elevators, my room had dos queen beds and I fell asleep both nights to the sweet serenade of elevator pings and drunk people wandering to their rooms.

2) I ordered breakfast with that lovely service on the doorknob you leave out the night before. I asked for the following: a small pot of coffee, oatmeal, and sliced melon, for 8:15 am. Come 9:15 am, I still haven't received any food. I call the room service line, and receive that they're "behind" and it should be up shortly. I get my breakfast comped (which later was not actually comped on my bill), but they show up with my food sans fruit. Even after calling, they couldn't get my order right.

3) The noise. Sweet jesus, the noise. I heard every door slam, every toilet flush, every phone call in the rooms next door, and even the frigging headboard knocking in the room next to mine.

4) The filth. On my first night there, I had showered before I arrived, so I didn't use it that day. On the second day, I opened the shower curtain- keep in mind, housekeeping had come that day- and found the most vile looking shower. There were spots of brown on the wall, HAIR, and black and grey water spots all over. Boy's college apartments look cleaner than this.  
Once again, I had to call management and demand housekeeping come up before I could shower- at 9 pm. The rude maid came, and despite knowing I had complained, my shower was still dirty and stained when I went in after. I begrudgingly took my gross shower.

Even the sink faucets aren't lined up to the bowl so you can't wash your hands properly.

They comped me one night, but for this fiasco, I should have stayed free. I will NEVER go back and I damn well don't know if I'll stay at a Wyndham again. 

Shame on you, Wyndham.
I had a horrible stay at this hotel! It was very dirty. I had to call housekeeping to come in and clean the mold out of the bathroom. They are under construction so the AC didn't work in my room. Plus they charged $300 a night!!! Never again!
Road trip to Philly landed us at the Wyndham. 
Close to the city center 
Staff was welcoming and well trained 
The lobby is chic and glamorous, there's also a bar/restaurant for hotel guest and others.
The rooms are comfy to the 10th power we didn't want to get up from bed. The room we had also had a view of the city.. beautiful.
The cons we encountered with the room were no mini fridge and the key to come enter the room is funky definitely not user friendly or standard. 
Another issue we had with Philly was the parking and this hotel wasn't the exception we paid $30.00+ which honestly is too much money especially because we paid $200 for the one night stayed. Parking should be free for guest or at a very reduced price. I recommend this hotel because it's clean and close to the city but be prepared to pay.
First, the positive: great, friendly staff, decent fitness room, & superb location.   

Now - my husband and I stayed in room 519 from 8/30-9/1, Labor Day Weekend, and an early birthday getaway for me. We reserved a "premium" room on Expedia at $167 (Fri) & $231 (Sat) per night. We are visiting from NYC and we've stayed in Philly probably 10 times over the years, never in any particular hotel - and have always been happy, until now. This is also our first experience in a Wyndham hotel. 

1. The room was filthy 
2. There was a bunch of mold near the air conditioner that's drove my allergies wild. 
3. The duvet had no cover (ew!)
4. The minibar was empty and covered in dust. 
5. Our view was of a rooftop. 
6. The room smelled - really bad!! Like a gym locker room. Or as my husband said, "dirty socks and underwear." 
7. The sink was lower than hip level! My back was killing me after leaning down to use it for two days. 
8. The room was outdated and as basic as they come. 

There was nothing "premium" about this room. Maybe there are decent rooms in this hotel, but this one was disgusting. There's no way it should cost more than $130-$150 MAX - and that's only because of the location. I wrote to management on Saturday, Sunday, and again Tuesday morning with no response as of yet. We didn't want to ask to be moved because we were only there two nights and didn't want the inconvenience of having to pack and unpack again. 

To add to this list, the housekeepers didn't restock our coffee when they cleaned on Saturday. So, Sunday morning, we ordered from Doordash.com - but the front desk wouldn't let the delivery guy deliver to our room. They claimed to have called us, but our phone never rang, so my husband had to get dressed and go downstairs to get it. Either the phone in the room wasn't working, or the desk agent lied - but our phone definitely didn't ring, so by the time we figured it out, the food was cold, and we had less time before checkout to eat. 

Bottom line, DON'T stay here. Just gross and there are so many great hotels nearby.
Parking is not included in your stay, $40 a night in addition to an overly expensive rate for a basic hotel/room
My cousin and I hit up a Phillies game recently and used the Hotel Tonight app to book a hotel room here before the game. We settled on the Wyndham because it was one of the cheaper options (without staying at some under-$100 hotel), though there were still plenty of other options on the app that were only a bit more expensive (within $50/night). That said, we were only staying a single night...no biggie. 

We arrived at the hotel and to the front desk. We were given two copies of the room card, along with the WiFi password. It was around 11pm, so we were told the bar was open until 2am if we wanted a late drink... and parking was, I believe, $36. For parking, we could stay in the garage until 5pm without an issue (though checkout is at 11am). 

We got into the car, parked, and made our way back down the elevator and into the hotel. We arrived at our room on the 4th floor. No official room number plaque, but a piece of paper with the room number was on the outside. We opened the door and went inside to find two beds and all the other typical hotel amenities. It was night, so I didn't bother opening the curtains. I went in to check out the bathroom, which was...okay, I guess? Nothing spectacular, and a bit of grime between the tiles (mildew buildup, I assume). I also happened to notice lipstick on one of the hand towels on the drying bar. Gross, but I put it on the floor to be sure we wouldn't use it. 

After a quick visit to the bar (we had the drinks charged back to the room) and some late-night chatting, we went back upstairs and fell asleep... though the air conditioner would loudly boot back on randomly throughout the night, waking me up.  

The next morning, it wasn't long before we were packed up and ready to check out. I opened the curtains for a moment to see what kind of view came with the room...aaaaaaaaaaaaand the view we received was of 1) mostly the parking garage, and 2) a bit of the cemetery next door...

...and yes, I get it, Benjamin Franklin's grave is in the cemetery next door (the Christ Church Burial Ground), which is cool-ish? Maybe? I guess if you're staying in Philadelphia's Historic District then you want access to these types of spots. Still, the other slightly grime-y aspects of the hotel distracted from any coolness I would have connected to that historical point. 

TL;DR  Hotel is fine if you're looking for a cheaper hotel that's close to historical locations of interest. Room was a bit grimey for my taste though, and I'm happy we were only staying a single night. If/when I go back, I'll be booking a different location... even if I have to spend more.
I will just start at the beginning. Construction going on in front. Loud noises. Long line at check in and one clerk. No bell hop to take up bags. Our room on same floor as construction over busy noisy traffic all night. Third night killed a cockroach. We left it on floor for house keeping to clean up. Looked under bed to see if there were more and there was all this filth under it. Dirty tissues water bottles papers dust, eww. 
 Next day roach still there on floor. Found out we were being charged over regular rate. Complained to management about all these things. Next morning they found an envelope with 2 comp. Buffet tickets. Went down next morning and asked if I could order off menu rather then eat the less then stellar cold food off anemic buffet and was told no we could only have the buffet. Not really wanting to eat in an infested with cockroach hotel anyway. Really? Empty tissue box left out for house keeping to replace. They just threw it away and didn't leave a new one. Next day they never even came and cleaned room at all. I would not recommend anyone stay here. We never will. Makes me rethink staying at any Wyndham hotel.
This hotel was very -eh-. The staff weren't very pleasant and even hung up on me when I called the front desk. The room service never came either and the rooms weren't as clean or well-kept as they should be. 

Not impressed. The hotel could do a lot better.
Nice room. Good location. Rooftop pool is cool. The people at reception were very kind and helpful. However the woman who is the hostess / waitress (or something) in the restaurant is horribly rude. She should not be working in the hospitality business. I don't care how bad of a day you are having , there is no reason to talk to other people like they are pieces of shit. Everyone else in the restaurant was commiserating on her attitude. Normally this wouldn't be that big of a deal to me but considering we were only there one night and there is almost no where to eat in center city after 10pm, it was an issue. Anddddd we didn't eat.
I felt deceived by my first impression of this hotel. The location is centralized, relatively "safe" and the staff is super friendly. However the entrance makes it feel as if the hotel is updated, and yet when we got to our room we were met with less of a "historical" and more of an outdated feel. The bed sheets had some small stains, the bathroom was not "sanitary," the shower was luke-warm and then cold. Once we arrived we immediately changed our reservation from one night to two. Again, this was easy and the staff was kind, but it began to feel more and more overpriced as our stay went on. An additional $37 just to park in the garage that is ATTACHED to the building, on top of the base cost for a room, it just seemed a bit much. I can appreciate antique decor, old infrastructure & "signs of the times" while traveling, especially in a historical area, but this place needs to come into the 21st century at least with their cleaning and quality standards.
They need a kick up the butt ! 80 % of the staff dont give a damm, mostly rude abrupt brushoff service. Room was dirty, mold on the shower curtain, hair in the corners of the bathroom. Please lift your game and get a company in that creates and helps you build a staff culture. Fire the worst 20 % of your staff and give their paychecks to the ones why want to be there and give a damm. 
Do a top to bottom super clean. Every grill, every corner every bath and shower. 
Management needs to do an overhaul.
Situated perfectly in the Historic Downtown of Philly--which is exactly what you're paying for. Staff was pleasant. Room was okay! 

Cons: One of the lamps didn't work, alarm was unknowingly and unexpectedly set for 6 am (on our second morning but not the first and not by us), toilet paper was less than 1/2 full when we first checked in

Pros: bed was comfy, sheets were clean, bathroom was decent, bar available

Info to know: there's no complimentary breakfast, self parking is $35+ a night

I would personally stay somewhere else next time in Philly, but all in all, my stay was average!
Could be much better with very little work. 

Pro: The location is great!

Cons: Checking in at 11am, resulted in a $22 surcharge, as it turns out check in time is 4pm - which I find unusual (and suspicious). The hotel has a parking garage, but the rates for 24 hours, even when staying at the hotel, are comparable to what you'll get at independent garages ($37 after tax). Added to that: the price for a night does not include breakfast, the AC in the room was quite noisy, and in the morning light, we realized someone must have sprayed the walls with a sugary drink, which was not quite all gone.

So all things said, given all the public transportation options in Philly, unless location is your absolute primary need (for example, you're in a wheelchair), then the Wyndham is plainly not a good deal.
The Wyndham Philadelphia hotel - Historic District was my base of operations for my recent stay here during the 2013 Philadelphia marathon. My stay here was for 2 nights on 11/16 & 11/17, departing on 11/18. The Wyndham brand took over this property when it used to be a Holiday Inn and it was subsequently rebranded. I would say that this upgrade was needed and I am happy that the Wyndham brand took it over. My overall experience here at the Wyndham Philadelphia hotel is a positive one. They had your basic in room amenities, as well as the other amenities that some properties charge for, including wifi and business center / the lobby computer terminal for guest use. Its great that the wifi was nice in the room and the signal is strong. Need to ask about wifi password at check in.

The Wyndham Philadelphia hotel is located on 400 Arch Street in center city Philadelphia. It's between 4th and 3rd Street and walkable to most of Philadelphia's top tourist landmarks, including the Liberty bell, independence hall, and Betsy Ross house, among others. The property has a semi fancy lobby and very clean. Spotless in fact. There is also in house restaurant / bar called Corsica, which I haven't eaten in, but  from what I saw, it looks decently cool. The check in process was fast, professional, and positive. I even asked if the room they gave me had a tub, since the last two properties didn't and I wanted a tub. So glad this one gave me a tub. The tub is for marathon related uses only, along with taking a shower. 

The room itself was very clean and comfortable. The double bed room was great and the beds themselves were very comfortable, almost comparable to the Westin's "heavenly beds". There was a large tv and a coffee maker, which was perfect for our needs. There wasn't a refrigerator or a microwave in the room, but we didn't need it. The office desk and chair was a nice touch as well. The room was clean and spotless. Very pleased with my stay here and hope to return again soon here or any Wyndham branded property. During check out, I forgot about my Amtrak rail ticket online, so that business center terminal at 4am really hit the spot! Thanks Wyndham!!

Thanks also to the gentleman at the front desk, whom called the nearby taxi company for me when I needed to get to the 30th Street Amtrak Station as quick as possible, as I had a 5:15am train to catch towards Newark airport that morning. Very professional and positive at that hour of the morning. All around great service! I definitely will recommend this property to those visiting Philadelphia. While it's very much centrally located to all the tourist areas, it's priced right for those who are on a budget too. Happy with my stay here and hope to return again soon.

Support local!

A
We were disappointed with this hotel for many reasons. Room was not ready at 4pm check in. So I had to give up having a room with micro/fridge to check in right then. They did comp me parking for the inconvenience which I was glad since it's $35 per day!!!!! We spent the day at the Zoo & looked forward to cooling off at the rooftop pool. Only to find it packed to over the capacity amount of non family friendly people. Shortly after the staff had to close the pool to be shocked and cleaned due to the overload and behavior of this huge rude group. 
I purposely looked for a hotel with pool to enjoy with my kids and it was locked up after that and we never got to swim!
Our room was not clean. Sheets were clean but the floors, shelves and bath were not. We decided to stay there for dinner and sat for 20 mins without even being Acknowledged by staff. (It wasn't busy) it was 5pm! I finally went to the bar stood for another few mins and got me and my children drinks which I carried to them myself! Then again had to go to the bar and order food which seemed to really annoy the bartender as she chatted with other bar customers about how busy her night would be with the airline people coming in and that she didn't really like it!  We then waited over 45 mins for simple menu items. We were not brought silverware or napkins. I basically acted as our waitress. It was extremely disappointing because the hotel portrays a higher class image online. But it is Not. Again had the same experience at the morning breakfast buffet. Sat at the table with no acknowledgment from staff or servers. I walked up to the bar and got menus and silverware myself Again! Finally a man said he was new and not sure what to do. We helped ourselves to the buffet and finally 10 mins later had a waiter who wasn't even sure if you could order from a menu or the price of buffet.  Needless to say I won't stay at This hotel on my next trip in Philly. Only good part (if you can stand all the rest) is it's close to historic sites and you can walk, but I would do so with great caution. Not the best part of town to walk alone or unalert in.
Walkable to everything in downtown. Decent food in the restaurant. Great business facilities and very nice rooms. I stayed two nights and thoroughly enjoyed it!
Scored a week day deal for a double room deluxe and our experience exceeded expectations!

All of the staff we interacted with was incredibly friendly - front desk at check in and check out, bell hop and housekeeping - which seems different to some of the other reviewers' experiences.

Rooms were clean - the beds were fantastic and so comfortable! I want to know where the Wyndham gets their pillows!! We could not find the remote for the tv and there was no vent for the bathroom.

The gym was sufficient though the towels could be softer. And no problems with wifi. It was nice to have these perks included with the rate.

Location can't be beat! Central to all of the historic sites and even walking to Rittenhouse Square it took 30 mins. Our room looked out over the cemetery where Benjamin Franklin is buried which was interesting to find out about!

I'd stay here again!
We stayed at the Wyndham, as my wife and I decided, somewhat spontaneously to spend the night in the city for our anniversary. Some negative and positive notes from our stay are below.

Our room had a faulty heating unit that no matter the setting spewed hot air all night long which made the room extremely uncomfortable.  In addition, the shower did not drain and although minor, the tv remote was also very temperamental.  Upon mentioning this at check-out, it was evident that the desk attendant could not have cared less.

On the positive side, this is a great location as you are in Old City and right by the historic district.  You can really walk to many of the great attractions, as we enjoyed a 15 minute walk to the Reading Terminal Market on Sunday morning for breakfast.  The room itself, issues previously mentioned not withstanding, was nice and the bed was very comfortable.
The only good thing about this hotel is its location. The room wasn't clean. The ventilation system was filthy. I didn't want to touch anything. They gave us the wrong classification of room - we paid for a higher rate.  There was a seriously bad storm that weekend and we had to eat at the hotel. It was pretty bad. 
Stay somewhere else and take Uber to your desired location. You will be happier.
Honestly, not the best Wyndham property I've stayed at. 

Pros: Location is excellent if you want an easy walk to the Liberty Bell and Independence Hall. Staff was very friendly from the doorman to the front desk to the bar, everyone was wonderful. Hotel is safe and in a generally safer area than most of the city. One bum sleeping on the sidewalk and ranting a couple blocks away, but in all, I felt pretty good walking the area by myself. Price was a little better than some of the other places for this area. Room and hotel was very clean. Good water pressure in showers.

Cons: No free breakfast and $3 for a small cup of coffee? That kind of bummed me because even the visitor center at Independence Hall sells coffee for less. No refrigerator or microwave in room. I've stayed in much lesser hotels that at least had a fridge. Door didn't shut by itself all the way which caused me to accidentally leave my room unlocked while I went and saw the Liberty Bell. Parking is steep at $35/day/no valet. The bathroom had been renovated at some point but the tub was clearly older. Toilet ran and ran and ran for like 5 minutes after flushing. Typical scratches and minor water damage on walls.

If you want a clean, safe hotel within walking distance to the historic sites and don't need a fridge or free coffee, this is a good option.
Wow, I am definitely not alone. A lot of people had the same experiences as I did...things are not getting better there. After this stay, my friend and I decided that we will not be returning after using this hotel for multiple visits.

This was not a particularly great stay. I'm usually pretty lenient on hotels for whatever reason, but I had to say something about this. The quality has gone downhill while the aesthetics have gotten better. You used to have mini-fridges in the room. No longer. All of the electronics were unplugged in our room when we got in, so that was fun to have to go around and do that first thing. Want HBO? They've got it. Well, sort of. Just HBO Boxing, you know, everyone's favorite HBO channel. Movie rentals are almost $20. There was some dried blood on the shower curtain and water stains on the lampshades. 2 sheets of notepaper on the complimentary pad. The issue was just a lot of different little inconveniences and frustrations and just lack of effort, like no one was really trying or paying attention. Not cool for a hotel room that costs $230. 

And the restaurant. Oh god. Do not eat there. Especially when there are SO MANY amazing restaurants literally only 5 minutes away by foot. We dined in the hotel restaurant for some inexplicable reason which I wish we could take back. Horrific service. We saw our waiter twice in 90 minutes and the greeter/person who seated us was rude and vanished, never again to be seen. It took 90 minutes to get a cheesesteak missing the cheese (how can you forget an ingredient that's in the name??) and we were only ever able to get one drink because there was no one around and when they were, would ignore us when we waved or tried to catch their eye. Yuck. Do not eat their food or spend your money there! 

The only real bonus of this hotel is its location. Like...you just cannot beat the location. Until someone else opens up there this is your best option if you want to be right in the middle - literally - of history and the city. With its prime spot, Wyndham has an opportunity to do well it feels like they're cutting corners and dropping the ball on details that should be effortless. No one looked happy to be working there. I saw another review of this same hotel written 3 months ago that mentioned validated parking and in-room microwaves and fridges, and I'm really confused by this. We were told over and over (and there's a sign saying) that parking is $35 a day plus taxes, so this assertion of complimentary parking is strange. It is NOT free. And there were no fridges or microwaves to be seen. So, I'm not really sure what's going on with the hotel...
Great facility but make sure not to leave anything in your bedroom unattended. My laptop was stolen from my room while I was visiting in the city. The worst was that the attitude of the Wyndham staff, which not only did not help me to file the police report but also never even apologize for the issue.
Another great experience here the weekend of Dec 29th!! Customer service is excellent and we had a great recommendation for dinner to the nearby Farmica. It is also nice to have free HBO, it was super cold this weekend and we spent some time relaxing and watched a couple of movies. Until next time!!!
This experience was not great by any means.  The cleaning staff left a dirty, crusty wash cloth on the nightstand touching my personal belongings.  They also left a used, dirty sponge with hair (short curly black hair, was it a pub?) on it on our bathroom counter.  We also found a ROTTEN BANANA UNDER THE BED.  We took all of these items (banana, dirty wash cloth and sponge to the front desk).  While we ended up receiving a credit for 1 of our nights (and was told the general manager would be informed), I am still really disappointed such incidents even occurred. Such service should not be an issue when you are paying the rates to stay at a Wyndham.

Additionally, while parts of the hotel have recently been updated, the rooms have not.  Our facet leaked all over the bathroom counter, so any time you washed your hands/turned the water on, the counter got soaked.  Our TV never worked and our AC also worked poorly.  We also brought this to the attention of the front desk and the first person we spoke to was exceptionally rude.  I would NOT stay at this hotel again.  

Parking is next to the hotel for $35 a night, a bit steep in my opinion.
Pros
-In the heart of philly, walking distance to historic sites
-Priced decent (before you add parking) RIP OFF
-Pretty hotel
-Amazing bed and pillows 
-Clean room

Cons
-Zero personality of one of the female front desk people. The male was actually nice and helpful.
-Parking is sky high ridiculous, almost $40! A complete turn off. I checked in around midnight and still had to pay the full amount. For that I rather it be included in the rate so I'm aware up front and can chose my hotel based on an accurate budget. 
-No micro or mini fridge in room
-No darkening curtains
We checked in and out first room had no working AC, tv didn't work, and some outlets didn't work. When I called the front desk the phone stopped working in the middle of the call!
Maintenance came up after 30 mins then he left and 30 more minutes later we were told we had to change rooms.
The shower in the new room only had cold water coming out and trickled out the top, the sink had boiling hot water come out.
I went to the vending machine which took my ones and gave me back change but then wouldn't take the change. I went to the front desk and asked for more ones which they told me they couldn't give me. So I went to every floors vending machine with my coins and all of them were out!
I asked the front desk where I could get some water and was told if it's not in the grab&go I would need to walk a few blocks away at night, pregnant.
The only thing they had for sale in the grab &go was Diet Coke. After buying it and taking a sip of flat soda I noticed they expired 5 months ago!
There was a loud banging sound outside our room for hours and the fire station is right across the street. 
I can't believe I wasted so much money staying here!
Room was clean, friendly staff. Ronnie & Gina were particularly helpful and sweet in helping me with any questions or needs, like a shuttle to the airport. The security staff was also kind in letting me back into the room I checked out of to retrieve the keys I had forgotten. Would stay again!
Stayed here for my birthday and met with family. The hotel initially gave us the wrong room, so we had to switch rooms. The bathroom wasn't the cleanest, it smelled like urine and had hair on the bathroom floor and all of our showers were clogged. The one room had a leaky window which soaked their luggage and the other room did not have a comforter. The breakfast was very expensive and the wait staff was horrible. I didn't think we even had a server since no one came to our table until we were halfway finished. Everyone at the front desk was very nice and so was Ronny who helped us get a new room.
Thankfully my boyfriend and I were only staying here for one night.  I used Priceline.com Name Your Own Price.  So glad we didn't pay full price for our stay!  We knew we were getting a 3 star hotel but didn't expect unfriendly and dirty.  I mean, we spent a night in a 3 star hotel before and the staff was really friendly/helpful and the room was clean as can be for a hotel room.  I can get over the unfriendly staff because it wasn't like they were rude or anything but they certainly didn't make you feel welcomed.  At first the room appeared to seem decent and clean but when it came to shower, mold and mildew was noticeable.  I used a washcloth that we weren't going to use and wiped some of it to see if was lack of trying to clean or if it was a really stubborn issue.   Well, it was definitely a lack of using some elbow grease to clean it because it came right off.  After we got ready to go out for the night and were waiting for the elevator, we noticed that the mirror was not just streaky but it was dirty streaky like no one has touched it in awhile.  The next morning, as I was packing my belongings, I noticed that there were dark stains by the area where you put your feet.  We wouldn't even seen that if it wasn't for my boyfriend who tends to move around a lot.  In my opinion, the maid had to of seen that and should have put other ones on.  Yes the hotel is convenient but not convenient enough for us to ever stay in place that felt like no one cares to take care of it.  Maybe they'd move up a star if the staff did a better job with the upkeep.
The most disgusting hotel I have ever been. Horrible service, be prepare to listen to their housekeepers talking about cutting someone with a knife or getting someone out of jail. this place is the ghetto of hotels. horrible service, totally overrated and a big disgrace for the Wyndham chains. I have and will continue to tell people all the things I saw at this hotel. Front desk people need some serious customer service training, their beds are not as comfortable as other hotels. they just have the name that's all. It felt more like a run down hotel with crack dealers and old prostitutes working inside. two thumbs down, way down.
We stayed here for a week. Walking in to the hotel I  was greeted by a bizzare odor of stinky raw fish. I was not discouraged I pressed on thinking it could be the bars failed attempt at a fish special . Staff was polite and helpful at the front desk. The hallways were covered in trash and believe it or not dog poo was found by the elevators for a few of the days. Small bugs , maybe cockroaches,  were a frequent visitor in the bathroom.  Parking was 35 a night insane prices especially when you pay 200 a night for a room worth less than half. Location is key however and you are walking distance to the vast majority of attractions
I was visiting Philly for a work conference. It was a pricey venture so I really needed a cheaper hotel. Found a good deal online. 

When I arrived, I was nervous my "deal" meant a bad room. I was so wrong. Top floor and a nice room. I was so happy. 

The hotel was about 10 blocks from the convention center but a straight shot down Arch. I walked most of the time back and forth so my cardio was met. I did Uber at night but walked once with no problems. 


The front desk staff were awesome and so helpful. Always a smile and a hello. Then when the storm cancelled my flight and I was not sure when I was going to fly out, they held my room an extra night for no charge. I just needed to let them know this morning before 11:00. And I found out I could leave today, they did not charge me. awesome 

The hotel has a small work out room, so after four people, unless they are all on the cardio machines, can get right. 

Easy access for Uber and taxis which is the only way to get to and fro the airport. 

Thanks for a great stay.
I always like Wyndham but this one didn't have complimentary breakfast so I was sad lol.  The rooms nice and cozy.  Had no issues at all.  Nice rooftop pool deck.  Before we left for hitting the city, we had a few drinks at the bar and the bartender was very friendly and attentive.  They also said they had food available from the bar for late night munchies but I didn't try it.  Front desk was also awesome!  This was the first time that they did not have a room available, earlier than check in time.  The parking price is ridic.  So drive around, and you will find cheaper parking garages for overnight rates.
Hotel has been 're-branded' as a Wyndham.  Stayed here the first few days of April.  I think every employee said 'hello' or 'how are you' everytime they saw me.  Location was great; within a 5 minute walk of the Liberty Bell, Independence Hall, the Philadelphia Mint, just to name a few.  Room rate was reasonable for the location.  Overnight parking seemed a little high, given that I was a hotel guest and that the public overnight rate was only $7 more.  No complimentary breakfast (like I'm use to at most other hotels).  I do plan on staying here in the future when I do a family vacation with my son, mainly due to the location.
Stayed here for a few days this week. Yes the hotel is older and the restaurant is not that great. However it's in the middle of everything and if you want to foot it to see the sites this is a good place to stay. I know the firehouse is next door and as I type this it is visible from my room. If they have taken off at night I have not heard anything. . Probably too pooped to hear them. A no real frills hotel. No airport shuttle either. Thus 3 stars. I would stay here again.  It's clean. .
Horrible, absolutely horrible customer service. I was going into labor yesterday (9/12/16) and called this hotel to get in touch with the baby's father, Leonard Terranova, who has been staying there for several days. The first person, a female, transferred my call to his room. He didn't answer so I called the hotel back, immediately. A different female answered and said he wasn't staying there. I told her that I knew for a fact he was and I was just transferred to his room. She put me on hold for several minutes and then picked up the phone and hung up on me. I then called back and another female answered. I asked to speak to the manager, and she said he wasn't at his desk but to hold on. Another female got onto the line claiming to be a manager. She informed me he wasn't staying there but I could leave a message. I left a message about going into labor and hung up. I then tried to get in touch with their corporate offices and guest services at 973-753-6000. I hit option 2 for hotel, and then 2 for customer care. The mailbox was full and not accepting new messages. For further assistance, I was told to press 0 that states to please hold before the call was disconnected. There's definitely a problem when you can't get in touch with the corporate office to express your concerns.
Great living social deal included 2 drinks and free parking ($42 value) hotel is new and nice only gripe is the hairs left in the bathroom tub and floor yuck! Bed was super comfortable hotel smells clean. Easy walkable location . Had to pay additional $18 in taxes on top of the $100 voucher deal . Would come back when's it warmer out to walk around
Got a great deal on the Wyndham during a recent stay in Philadelphia, and couldn't pass it up!   Not a bad little place. 

The location can't be beat, first of all.  Walkable to all of the historic sites, and to some popular areas including Center City and Old City. 

Check in was a breeze and the staff is helpful and friendly.  The lobby is beautiful and inviting. 

Our room wasn't bad, just your average hotel room--but let's face it, we didn't spend any time in the room anyway! :)  It was clean and had all the essentials, so for two girls in town for a weekend, it was just fine. 

I wish they offered a hotel shuttle, as it can be a bit difficult to navigate transportation from the airport.
Staff was nice. But! And it's a big one. The rooms were filthy. The first room we were given had food bits on the floor. A plastic tripod that holds pizza boxes from crumbling on the pie on a chair. Saw a total of four rooms. Took the last one. It wasn't great but it wasn't as bad as the first three ones we saw. 

Also, the automatic door opener at the entrance kept getting turned off. Annoying for a wheelchair user.
The two stars are due to my bathroom being dirty. Like I grabbed a towel and it was filthily type of dirty. I've stayed here before but don't remember it being that bad

I will say this Asia and the front desk staff took care of me the whole Labor Day weekend so that was cool. That's why I even had two stars to give. 

The tv is HD but the signal is SD, such a rookie mistake. The (free) wifi sucked like crazy but what hotel wifi doesn't suck. 

Also let it be known I travel at least 30% of the year I'm not bashing this hotel just giving an honest opinion. The actual room is cool just like a regular hotel I guess. But could be way better.
As I write this, it is currently 10:52 pm on a Wednesday night. For the past hour and a half, construction workers have been using a jackhammer in a nearby part of the hotel with the permission of hotel staff. As you can imagine, sleep is hard to come by. Furthermore, when we first called the front desk to complain about the noise, they denied knowing anything about it despite the fact that they were in contact with the workers. Also, the elevators here reek of piss and weed. The bathroom is covered in dust and the bathtub's paint is peeling. I would rather sleep on the street than spend another night here.

Update: 
It's 11:20 and the jackhammer is still going. They promised they would speak to the person in charge last time we called, but that apparently did nothing. New guy at the desk is claiming to know nothing about construction and is supposedly sending security to investigate.

Update:
12:30. After speaking with the construction workers who were in the lobby, there is work being done with an electric saw. Work is literally right behind front desk which invalidates the staff's claims that they didn't know about it and couldn't hear it. Further investigation led me to discover that workers with saws and drills were crawling around in the ceiling under our room. Hotel gave us a partial refund and free parking, but that does nothing to replace the sleep we lost last night. We will not be returning. 

If you are thinking of using this hotel, do not. Location does not make up for poor staffing, dirtiness, and poor maintenance.
Ok, for the price, the place is pretty nice. Cleans sheets and comforter, smells fine, bed is nice. But, there is black mold or fungus on the shower tiles, some of it hanging loose, so it's obviously not getting cleaned. Everything else in the room was fine.

Went down to order some food from the hotel restaurant. I wanted to apologize to the bartender because it really seemed like I was putting her out to place an order for the $16 chicken wing appetizer. So, when she informed me it would be a half hour before my order (wings!) was ready, I decided to be nice and cancel it...there are other food options in this city.

Speaking of food, Herr's Cheddar and Horseradish chips are better than Sonny's cheesesteaks. At least for this southern Boy's tastebuds...but that's a while other topic.

I'd stay here again; the place is a value. I'll just make sure my food needs are taken care of elsewhere.
Great location is the only positive. 
Check in was very slow. Took them forever to find our reservation even though I showed them the confirmation on my phone. 
They told me they were fully booked but would honor our reservation (somehow.)
The check in took about 30 minutes. 
The room is not a deluxe king as reserved. It is a small sized room with a queen bed. 
The room needs to be thoroughly cleaned. The air vent was filthy. I showed the front desk a photo. I have posted before and after photos. 
I do not recommend this hotel.
Omg.....2 stars is much too generous.....run, run away from this place as fast as you can!  They replaced our broken coffee pot with another broken coffee pot. We've been locked out of our room twice.  Cleaning our room consisted of them coming and taking our trashcan and not bringing it back. .....just as i got the baby asleep an alarm goes off and we have to evacuate the building......it's been a complete disaster nightmare......hate this place!

On second thought one star is too generous. I just went down to the restaurant and they acted like it was too much of an inconvenience to feed me.....geez

3rd edit......if there was a way to give negative stars i would. After returning home I relized our first night there i put my earrings on the sink....they dissppeared and here's the best part......our credit card was double charged for that piece of crap room......this hotel ruin what was to be a beautiful stay in a beautiful city.....
If you look at my other reviews, I usually go out of my way to compliment good service, not bad unless its really awful.  I have no choice but to leave a review because weeks later we are still paying for booking a hotel room at the Wyndham Philadelphia Historic District.  

Where should I begin?  Should I start with the fact that we checked in the Saturday of Memorial day weekend and there was one person working?  They couldn't find our reservation although we had the confirmation email so we waited about 30 minutes + to check in.  When we finally got to our room there was a dirty sock next to the bed (wasn't ours) and the menus in the room were drawn all over the back of them with penis's.  AND there were bugs crawling on the floors in the bathroom and on our towels.  To top it all off weeks later my boyfriend is still dealing with this terrible hotel.. They charged us for two rooms, our room and the empty room next to us that we of course didn't sign anything for or get a receipt for!  Do yourself a favor and find another hotel... I am never, ever staying at a Wyndham hotel again.
I gotta say, I'm a bit surprised by all of the negative feedback I'm seeing on yelp regarding this hotel. I have nothing but positive things to say about my experience at the Wyndham. My hubby and I stayed last night for a mini birthday getaway. First off, I have to give credit where credit is due. The Bellhop was awesome! He went above and beyond the call of duty. I forgot my razor and went down to the little grab n go station they have in the lobby to purchase one. The line at the check in counter was packed (which some people would complain about, however I look at it as a good sign of a thriving hotel). I spotted the Bellhop walking by and asked him if I could just have the razor billed to my room so I didn't have to wait in line. Instead of just complying,  he said he'd get me a complimentary razor and bring it to my room. Within minutes, he knocked on our room with the razor. It's the little things like that that matter to me and make my stay that much more memorable.  Kudos to your Bellhop, he was great! 
Our room was great too. Very clean with a nice view, air conditioner worked great and our bed was super comfy. 
The pool looked awesome too, unfortunately the weather did not cooperate so we weren't able to fully enjoy it). My only suggestion with the pool area is to utilize it to it's fullest potential.  There aren't many rooftop pools in Philly so it be cool to maybe add a little bar area, some fun music and tropical decor to enhance the ambiance. As a local myself, I know that would appeal to many people looking for a quick night away to sunbathe, relax, swim and have some cocktails all without a long drive to the Jersey shore. However, with or without a pool, this place was worth going to. The location is so convenient to pretty much any type of restaurant you're looking for, historical sights, shopping etc.... My husband and I had a great time and would definitely recommend staying here! :)
Hotel is ok. Very disappointed w the food. Ordered a spinach salad. Spinach, strawberries, walnuts & feta. $12.00 for a hand full of spinach, 1 & 1/2 strawberries & less then 2 chopped up walnuts & hardly any feta. Very disappointing
Let me start this by saying I was not supposed to be in Philadelphia today. I had absolutely zero intentions of even being in this STATE let alone this hotel. But my flight from Newark to Phoenix was cancelled from the storm along with all flights for the rest of the day and all flights out of JFK, the roads weren't drivable so we couldn't make it to LaGuardia. This left our only option as Philly. 

Fast forward a 3 hour train ride and a 90 minute wait for another and we were exhausted so we decided to just get a hotel for the night. In my exhaustion I booked my hotel at Wyndham for tomorrow instead of tonight. Lance, the man at the front desk, was absolutely wonderful, patient, and kind. He explained that he couldn't edit my reservation himself, apologized, and told me I'd have to call the booking agency. Once they called him to confirm we were good to go with no fees. The entire process could have been a total nightmare, but he made it SO much easier. Throw in the Long Island ice teas, and I'd definitely recommend this place to everyone
This hotel is near the historic district of Philly. The hotel is modernized and fully renovated. The rooms are fresh and clean. 

The staff members are friendly and professional. This is definitely a 3.5 star hotel. 

The location of the hotel is a major plus while the parking situation could be better off. I know it's normal to pay for parking in major cities like Philly. Trust me I know cause dc jacks up their parking fees just cause they can and people will pay a lot of $ for a convenient parking spot! 

However, I stayed here 3 nights which meant  about 35$ per a night for parking :( 

The plus to the hotel garage parking is that you know you won't get towed. When I was walking around the city I saw a different car getting towed every two hours. The garage itself is not very clean and a lot of debris is lingering throughout the stairways and parking area. 

As far as the room, it's clean and comfy. The bathrooms are well maintained and sanitized. The room itself is large and full of mirrors which I really appreciate!

The hotel has a pool which is open based on the seasons. Thus, when I went this week in the freezing cold month of February, the pool was not open. What a bummer! Oh, well there's so much more to do in this great city, so I would never complain about a lack of pool time.
So, first of all, this is not a Holiday Inn anymore. It's a Wyndham, which I guess is a Holiday Inn brand, but with less customer service and higher prices. I thought that if you pay more for the room, you should pay less for everything else, but apparently not here. When we booked the hotel, I made sure it included breakfast because I don't like to have to go out every morning. When we got there, this had changed - they have a crappy bar/restaurant that literally charges $8 for pancakes and even $4 for cereal. There were no food vouchers, no apologies for the change, just snotty replies about how I should read more carefully when I book a hotel! And the same thing happened with the beds - I booked one queen size and instead got two doubles. There was not even an offer to check if there was a queen available. The last straw was when we had forgotten to take the do no disturb sign off our door during the day, and we called just before 5pm to see if we could still get room service. They said they would "send some towels up". We were on our way out to dinner so we didn't wait for them to come to our room; when we got back later, the fresh towels were IN the bathroom sink. 

I will never stay at a Wyndham again. The front desk staff were rude and inept, and the policies went against any kind of traditional hotel customer service.
Not a bad hotel, and the location is excellent.  The front desk staff is always very friendly which is a great way to start a hotel experience.  Rooms are average but have always been clean for the many times we've stayed here.  

The only reason I have the 3 stars is that the hotel bar/restaurant is super expensive!  The bar tender is really friendly and was great, but I was shocked when we got the bill and it was $40 for 3 drinks!  This is Philly not Midtown Manhattan! 

I will stay at the hotel again as it's walking distance to all the good things that Old City have to offer, but I'll definitely not hit the bar again, which is a shame.  Too many other bar options in the very close vicinity to pay for the overpriced drinks at the hotel.
Decent location: long walk to sites & bars, but doable.  Parking garage is good.  Room service is terrible: tried ordering breakfast and got no answer for 45 mins.  Checking into the hotel was a terrible slow process - front desk crew seemed to have zero interest in checking people in.   Room was clean & big, also had a fridge & microwave.
At a three-star hotel in old city, there are certain standards that are expected by default. All of those but one were provided: internet.  Oh, they have free wireless.  But it is so dumbfoundingly slow that it precludes useage.  Do not stay here if you plan on using a laptop, even for a bit.  I'm writing this very review from my phone because the yelp page on my lappy hasn't loaded after -- in all seriousness -- twenty minutes.  If not for this glaring flaw, the wyndham would be a perfectly lovely place to stay.  But until their wireless speed improves, I won't be coming back.
Hotels are sometimes about the little thiings and this hotel gets them WRONG.  Want a soda out of the vending machine?  Empty.  This hotel has fancy clocks that work with I-Pods, except you can't set the time.  I asked how I could get the time set, the engineer has to do it.  Two day later, still hasn't been set.  The web page says the rooms have refridgerators, actually they don't, you have to pay $10 extra for one.  The fitness center doesn't recognize the key cards, at least in the early morning, so you have to find security.  The treadmills seem like 10 year old technology.  I ordered Eggs Benedict and they were out of Canadian bacon, so I got them with regular bacon, really bad.  I asked for a cup of tea and they had Lipton's, strange because the tea in the rooms was upscale.  Allowing the high school kids to hang out in the hallways until midnight was just more proof that this hotel is poorly managed.
Stayed here for a night just before attending a concert in Philly. Location is pretty nice - within walking distance of several area attractions.  Area also didn't seem too sketchy during the day or at night, but I didn't venture out past about a half mile of the hotel.  Many bars and local eateries within walking distance along with the Liberty Bell, Constitution Center, and Independence Hall. 

I paid $149 under the Visit Philly package for a one night stay with a King-sized bed and parking and wifi included.

The room is fairly nice. Granite vanity top, very comfy bed, and TV. Check in was easy and fast.

Cons for the hotel would be no mini fridge, the hallways on at least the 4th floor had a rank odor, and the bathroom in the room was not very clean. The tub was dirty and old, and the toilet seat still had some kind of AJAX-like powder on it (at least I'm assuming it was cleaning supplies...). Wifi is also EXTREMELY slow as in .5 megabits/second download or less.

The reviews speaking of sirens at night were, without exception, proven correct on my trip. Construction noise wasn't an issue; however, you would hear a lot of traffic and outside noise without at least the fan in the AC/heater being turned on.

Three stars for a generally nice hotel in an excellent location with a few cleanliness and convenience issues.
Not a bad hotel but it does have its problems.  
The location is excellent, located steps from Christ Church Burial Grounds (where you'll find the tomb of Ben Franklin) and the Liberty Bell.  A little further walk and you'll find Independence Hall, the Reading Terminal Market, Chinatown and all the shopping downtown Philly has to offer.
The hotel itself is updated and clean.   I found my room to be comfortable however there was a crack and n the wall that led to the front of the building.  In spite of the dirty towel shoved into it, it made for a drafty January night. The room itself is also not very well insulated from sound.  Being a city dweller myself, I didn't find it bothersome although some people may.  The closet also offers no door but rather a dirty looking velvet curtain that had who knows what caught in its fibers.
The bathroom was modest, yet clean with a hairdryer from the early 1990's.  Not a big deal.
Overall, I'd stay again, no questions asked.  Staff is polite and the location is great.
Hope this review helps with decision making 
I stayed here recently and was super disappointed in my stay! I travel ALOT! Not that it matters but I do know how customer service should treat a new customer and this failed on every level. I would highly recommend NOT staying here there are plenty hotels that want your good hard earned money. Toilets didn't flush 
TV didn't operate and above and beyond first interaction with front desk! Rude as rude can be. No response from the general manager as well.. All around disappointing
Pretty hard to even decide where to begin with this one. I'll preface it by saying that my friend had stayed here twice before and loved her stay, so I was actually quite excited. I also am not usually one to write reviews but I'd rather leave a cautionary tale for future customers. Upon arrival, we go to check in and they say they don't have our reservation. My friend pulls it up on her phone, she clearly had a confirmation. Ok first strike right there. Then, even though we arrived an hour and a half after check-in time, the room wasn't ready. We were exhausted after a grueling day of travel and had to wait for over another hour to even get in our room. The only positive thing was the friendly, accommodating bartender at hotel bar. We finally get our room and it's nice, nothing special. As our stay progresses we notice housekeeping never comes. Also, a woman with a clipboard knocked on our door and was astounded to see us, claiming the room was "listed as vacant". Uhhhh ok. A man also knocked on the door claiming it was HIS room. This happened once again as well. Isn't this the main purpose of running a hotel? Knowing where guests go? So since housekeeping thinks we're a vacant room and we never have toiletries replenished, let alone our room cleaned, we have to call down to the front desk for said items. For some reason it takes 45 minutes to bring up some toilet paper at 11pm. This leads me to my last point. On our FOURTH day our room key stops working. The front desk tells us our payment hasn't processed even though my friend has a confirmation email. He swipes her card several more times and surprise! That times it out. After calling her bank, it's clear she has the necessary funds and the multiple swipes of the card blocked it's use. We are forced to go to atm, pay the processing fee and pay for the remaining balance in cash (that had already been ran). All of these hoops we have to jump through solely to re-enter our room. Staying here was much more of a hassle than a convenience. I would not recommend it.

EDIT: As of today...a month later, the hotel has still not refunded the upwards of $700 that was double charged, plus the cash that was forced to be withdrawn. The bank has confirmed several times that it was not their mistake. Legal action is going to be taken. Beware.
My go to hotel for staying in Philly. I love the location in the historic district and close to the terminal!! Staff is always friendly and professional and the room are always clean and comfortable. I have also used their gym facilities and am happy that is available for my use. Until next time!!
Location was great. However the cleanliness of the room(s) was terrible. Checked in to an initial room to find what appeared to be a nickel sized blood stain/splatter on the bathroom sink. We immediately asked for a change of rooms. The front desk staff was helpful, apologized, and moved us to a different room (smaller than our initial room). We walked in to that room to find the carpet had not been vacuumed as there was a women's hair clip on the floor, along with clothes tag. As we were getting ready to leave to do some sight seeing we found a tick crawling on the bathroom floor. Was grossed out about the lack of cleanliness of the rooms.
My room is filthy. From dirty pillows, to wine on the entertainment center to shoeprints and hair in the bathroom. Very disappointing.
Hotel rooms were small and hot.  No fridge or microwave.  Also the head of the shower came off in our room and splattered water all over the bathroom.  Never seen anything like this before.  I dont plan on coming back.
Historic is right...as in old and decrepit. Came right from the airport and I was early, so my room wasn't ready. They offered to store my luggage and I asked if they would lock it in storage (I stashed my computer deep in my suitcase to not carry it around). They said it would be locked up and then I sat down and watched the bell man leave it in the middle of the lobby for 10 minutes before realizing it needed to be stored. 

Then the hotel staff said they'd call me when the room was ready. After 3 hours I called and asked for a ballpark time and they said they couldn't guarantee before 4. Then after not hearing from them, I called at 5 and they put me on hold for awhile before saying my room was ready. 

I come in to check in and they said I was moved from the second floor to the sixth, so I was stoked. Walked into my room and noticed a strange smell, chalky feel to the air and a black box labeled 'rainbowair' blowing some ionized air. This box is for talking smoke/bad smells out of rooms, to make them seem like they are deodorized and that no one had smoked in there. Also, the box said that is was unsafe to be in the room while it was running. Also, there was water damage on the wall and most likely mold too. So, this is the 'upgrade' I was given. When I called to tell them about the rainbowair, they said there were no more rooms available and then transferred me to three different employees before someone sent the maintenance guy. 

At the lobby, all of the employees said they had no clue what the rainbowair was. I had to seriously demand a new room, that wasn't polluted with smoke or smoke cleaner. Then new room was back on the second floor, and seemed fine, until I stepped on a rusty screw, which every nice hotel room needs on the floor-- obviously. 

I'm not to hard to please, but this place is total crap and I'll never stay here again.
The location was decent (close to downtown, restaurants, and tourist attractions), but the hotel itself was dingy, dark and dirty. The front lobby was okay, but the room itself did not feel kept up. Plenty of other places to stay in Philadelphia.
Horrible experience. Toilet leaked. Room was filthy. There were no towels at the pool. None came when requested. We requested extra towels in the room and they never arrived. I will never return
It's a sad commentary when "visitors" come in off the street with their pants falling off and the staff barely verifies who they are visiting.  Tough to enjoy TV when there is marijuana smoking going on in the hallway.   Empty food containers left near elevators and major rug stains.  Not even a shower cap, and the toilet roll left on the sink alongside the roller it should be placed on.   For a supposedly upscale place it's more like a budget motel with sketchy "guests".
I just was at the Wyndam in Philadelphia for four nights. I attended a conference held at the hotel and  was very pleasantly surprised.  The room was good, not fancy and completely satisfactory. Pricing fair.  Food in the restaurant good and creative.  Counter people nice and helpful and the restaurant staff very attentive and competent. Overall a good experience. Everyone at the hotel had a positive attitude toward making it a nice experience for the visitor and it was appreciated. Also the central location and the ease of getting to the various sites was good.  

One drawback is that  drinks in the bar are expensive and you can't buy a bottle as liquor is controlled in Pennsylvania. Not a big deal.
I recently stayed here for one night and had an overall decent experience. I booked last minute and got a pretty good deal. Check-in time was 4pm, which I thought was a little late than a standard 1pm-3pm check in time. There is a parking lot adjacent to the entrance for $37.50 a night. Steep, but no other real options for me. The location was very nice, within walking distance of the liberty bell and other historical places. Also near a variety of bars, restaurants, and shopping centers.

The room was a decent size and had two queen beds. The bathroom was clean and came with shampoo, conditioner, cotton balls, q-tips, and a variety of other bath products. There was also a hairdryer, which I also appreciate. The TV had a good amount of channels to choose from. Also, you get 2 days of free wifi and the connectivity is actually very good. I hate hotels that promote their free wifi, but the catch is that the wifi is super slow and spotty. Not the case here. They also have a fitness center if you're into that sort of thing. 

I only have a couple complaints. First, the room was pretty cold, and the thermostat wasn't working. I tried to turn up the temp, but nothing happened. I was staying at the hotel for less than 24 hours so I thought it wasn't worth the effort to complain, but I am glad I stayed alone because I had to use the second comforter from the other bed for added heat during the night. I also echo the other reviewers who mentioned the terrible views. There is no continental free breakfast.

Overall impression is that it's a solid hotel in a decent location. Expensive parking. Cold room.
First time staying here. Yes, it's a budget hotel conveniently located near Philadelphia's Old City. So you'll save on lodging costs and be close to popular tourist destinations in the historic district, and just steps away from charming galleries and shops (full disclosure, I'm a Philadelphian who showed work at F.A.N. Gallery just down the block for over a decade). The lobby has been recently upgraded, and looks sharp. We haven't tried the cafe/bar yet, which is wildly overpriced and nearly deserted (if you're looking for complimentary coffee or tea, you won't find it here). Once you step into the elevator, the Holiday Inn that this once was, makes an unwelcome reappearance. The corridors are dark and narrow, and the rooms cramped with low ceilings and peeling veneer on the doors.  Some attention has been paid on new furnishings, but the bathroom is seriously dated, featuring a dark red Home Depot style granite vanity top. Our room has no refrigerator or microwave and since we are staying 5 days this is worth a trip down to the front desk to ask for something better. The clerk is gracious and upgrades our room to "premium" at no additional cost. (Kinda scary when a mini-fridge and microwave aren't standard issue room amenities). So the family packs up and moves to the new room, while I find street parking to save the $30 the hotel charges for their garage.

The fam sleeps well, despite the cold air leaking around the poorly sealed heating unit. Today we arrive back to the hotel around 8pm to find the room has not been made up. Two trips down to the lobby to alert the front desk yields a half hearted corporate style apology and an offer of a night of free parking (only after I ask what the hotel would do for us).  After a 30 minute wait, two bottles of warm water are delivered by an unsmiling housekeeper.

Stay tuned for updates. I'll know in a few days if the location outweighs the deficiencies in the rooms and service.
Room was dirty! I travel constantly for work and this was the dirtiest I've seen in ages. I'm a blonde, yet somehow my room was covered in long black hairs. Blood on sheets. Gag! Stiff, harsh towels, moldy grout. Half eaten tray of room service in the hall for over 24 hours. Hallway generally dirty, water bottles, wrappers, etc. $40 a night for parking. Over all very disappointing. Only positive was the location which was very central and walkable to most everything.
