I've been living in Newbold/Point Breeze for 7 months now. I've passed by 16th Street Seafood and had been curious about it. While I'm not a huge seafood fan, I do love fish - fresh, fried, baked, raw. Yummy! Anyways, I was not in the mood to make lunch one day and this place immediately came to mind. So I sauntered down to peruse the menu. In addition to big seafood meals and platters - shrimp, scallops, snow crab, and various fishes - they also have sandwiches and hoagies. As the name implies, the majority of the menu is seafood or fish, but they also have cheesesteaks and chicken options.

I really wanted fried fish, though! So I ordered the fried flounder hoagie w/ tartar, lettuce, tomato, and raw onion. The verdict? Outstanding. First of all the hoagie is HUGE! Easily a foot-long. The flounder is perfectly fried on the outside, juicy on the inside. According to their menu they also have tilapia and whiting hoagies as well fish cake and crab cake on round rolls. Color me impressed! Oh, but the best part... it was only $5! Screw Subway, this is the $5 foot long you want! Especially if you're a fish sandwich/hoagie fan. Do yourself a favor and check this place out! (Note: it's take out only)

Website is "coming soon", so do a search on Google maps (16th & Tasker) and you'll see where they are located.
definition of an extremely underrated hole in the wall. Amazing pasta options that are delicious!! And the prices are great. I've gotten similar dishes from other places that would be about $22 for the add-ons I get here - chicken, crab meat, shrimp - but it'll only be about $16, able to feed 2 and tastes sooo much better.
Went here after wandering hungry around the 'hood looking for an Indonesian restaurant that may or may not exist. 

I ordered the #2 special: flounder, scallops, and crab cake all fried, fried, fried. The flounder and scallops were good but the crab cake was disgusting. It was orange and had the consistency of fried dough. 

I did try the shrimp lingunine alfredo which was really good. Next time, I'll try one of the sandwiches or pasta dishes which I'm sure will be much better.
My husband and I probably order from here at least once a month. He almost always orders their large cheesesteak and I typically get a seafood platter or pasta dish. They are generous with their portions and the flavors are spot on. My South Hersey native husband swears this is one of the top five steaks in Philly so... ya know it it good!
I had just moved to Philly after 17 years in Houston Texas. I grew up in south Jersey and cheesesteaks were one of my main food groups and I missed them terribly while in Texas. This place may be a seafood place, but make no mistake, they can make a great cheesesteak too. I actually prefer their cheesesteak to places that specialize in cheesesteaks like Ishkabibbles and Jim's. It's a lot cheaper too. It might be because I like mine with just cheese and no onion. Whatever the reason, I prefer this hole in the wall over the flashy tourist traps.
Looks a little divish but the end result is worth the trip in. The seafood pasta pan is well worth it with: mussels, clams, shrimp and you can add crabmeat.  The pan is actually a medium aluminum pan full, so you get your monies worth. I throw in broccoli because I love broccoli.  The sautéed mussels are pretty fresh and tasty in a buttery garlic sauce. The chicken alfredo pasta is pretty good as well. They specialize in seafood so they have different seafood platters that are reasonably priced. So don't be scared. Take a chance and try them out.
Worn down signs intrigue me.  I had biked passed 16th Street Seafood a ton of times, always wondering what was going on inside.  Now I know the answer, and the answer is- not much. At least in terms of decor. There is a gumball machine, 2 empty candy machines, plus a counter to order at and that's pretty much it. Also absent was the plethora of seafood over ice you would hope to see at a place specializing in seafood. There were some frozen crab cakes, breaded fish fillets, clams, and crabs- but not else. Still, I threw caution to the winds of Tasker Street and put in an order.

I didn't want to go for fried seafood, so the sandwiches and platters were out.

I got a large order of mussels in butter and garlic sauce ($9.50). Mussels are one of those things I like making at home, but it is way too hot for that right now. . My main complaint is that the order came with an unacceptable amount of closed shells - 9!   It was still a good sized order with a big piece of bread to dip in the unexpectedly spicy, broth. As the place is to-go only- they know how to wrap up messy seafood orders, nothing was spilled.

Remember when I said I didn't want anything fried, well that's not ever actually true. So I ended up sneaking in 2 fried shrimps. Not bad, but not worth $1.25 each.
