76 Carriage is OK but I prefer 69 Undercarriage.

Five stars for the hard-working animals who do not get paid, who are absolutely beautiful angels. Most of them are big show horses that are basically doing slave labour, and it makes me cry. One star for the fact that these poor guys are Roped and bound and forced to drag lazy fat humans around Philadelphia all day. The prices of these carriage rides are not as extortionate as the ones in New York city so it gets two stars despite the element of animal cruelty.
I had never done one of these horse drawn carriage rides before, but I was with family that had never been to Philadelphia so they wanted to do all the touristy stuff. We got on one of these right in Old City, and opted for the "medium" length ride. This took us through the independence hall area and Society Hill. This was well worth the price($50) and really enjoyable. Our tour guide was really entertaining and knowledgable about the different buildings and architecture in the area. I felt guilty doing something like this because of the horses, but he didn't seem too unhappy about it. Four yelps.
We had a lovely 30-35 minute "medium" horse drawn carriage ride with Cynthia (a Philly native and a tough broad!) and her horse "Rex" a tall, handsome, well-trained draft horse.

My little one and I thoroughly enjoyed the good weather (perfect day - not too hot, not cold, no rain) and qiet streets in Society Hill.

I am hopeful that the horses are well fed and kept better than those AWFUL stables we drive by on 13th Street.
In any other city, I tend to group carriage rides in the same category as gimicky, touristy bus, duckboat, and segway tours.  But, After walking quite a distance from the downtown Marriott, I was ready for a seated tour of historical Philadelphia.  I had a surprisingly enjoyable 30 minute carriage ride tour around some historical areas of Philadelphia.   Our driver was friendly and super knowledgeable about the past and more current history of the area.  He pointed out interesting information about the "popular" historical sights and also personalized our tour based on our interests.  It was a great way to see some of the main attractions of Philly in short period of time, and it gave us some background/context for when we wandered around on our own.  Our driver also gave us some good recommendations for places to visit given the limited amount of time we had.  It was well worth the $40 to sit in a quaint carriage going down stone paved roads.
We had a lovely 30-35 minute "medium" horse drawn carriage ride with Cynthia (a Philly native and a tough broad!) and her horse "Rex" a tall, handsome, well-trained draft horse.

My little one and I thoroughly enjoyed the good weather (perfect day - not too hot, not cold, no rain) and quiet streets in Society Hill.

I am hopeful that the horses are well fed and kept better than those AWFUL stables we drive by on 13th Street.  I am concerned for all those carriage horses being out in the heat and little fresh water around.
The largest carriage company in N America. 

It's always a great way to see an historic city. The horses are a little overweight (so I'd say "healthy" is appropriate here!), and you can really tell the drivers care about them. They take reservations or walk up customers. 

They have a variety of carriages for weddings, proms, and other events, and even a funeral hearse. They also have a horse that models for art students at the PA Academy of Fine Arts. Movies, tv shows, and parades- the horses have rubbed elbows (do horses have elbows) with more famous folks than we humans can hope for in a lifetime.

I also understand they have a new state-of-the-art stable that has just been built.
I had a great experience with the 76 carriage company. We had a deluxe evening ride with Cindy and Peter the horse. They were both very friendly and Cindy was knowledgeable about Philadelphia. We would definitely recommend this again although they were more expensive than other companies around town. It said $90 on their website for the deluxe ride but when I called to reserve it jumped up to $110 with no explanation which is why I have only 4 stars.
Excellent service. Thanks Carol and Ben (our horse) What a beautiful, healthy and lively horse. You definitely go at his pace, which is a stroll on the cobble streets of old Philadelphia. It's a real shame how so many have declared war on this industry. Regulations yes, attacks + generalizations of abuse for all, is too bad.  I did my research and if I had the slightest feeling that anything was off or a hint of any abuse was going on, I'd be the first to rant and rave in the streets and taking the fight to the top.  It was nothing like that, I'm so glad I went with my gut instead of following the crowd and celebrated a birthday with an amazing horse and our lovely, all knowing guide Carol. Thank you Jackie for setting everything up, even dropping us off to dinner. We'll never forget the experience. Thank you.
We took a break and spent forty dollars to ride the carriage around Philly's old city and Society Hill.  What well spent dollars.  Our coachman, a woman from Philly led us around the city telling us things about the area.  She answered even the craziest questions from my kids.  This was one of the highlights from our philadelphia vacation I am glad my six year old demanded that we ride.
We went on a 30 minute ride , so worth $60 dollars. It was just the two of us , but carriage seats four. Our guide Guy was awesome, offered to take our picture, narrated in a loud tour guide voice and kept us safe! He answered questions but mainly just let us relax and take in the City of Brotherly Love- Go Birds!!
