In other cities, AAA roadside service has often left me disappointed, if not angry with their timeliness and just sloppy business.

In Philadelphia, they are so on point. From a flat tire when I was moving (and couldn't get to my jack), to towing, to lockouts, AAA has always been friendly, FAST, and cheap (in times when money is involved). Even though AAA insurance is more of a suburban/rural phenomenon, I would encourage any city car-drivers/car-owners to pay the fee and keep these great people on your team.
I visited the store originally on June 17th for a title transfer. I spoke with "Katrice".  She was the most unprofessional title agent I have ever dealt with in my entire life.  

I needed to title my car to go from me individually to transfer to my business LLC. "Katrice" had an attitude during the entire time. She didn't seem to like working there. In addition to that she was utterly clueless and didn't know the DMV policies in regards to transfer between individuals and LLCs.  

She told me an LLC needs to have insurance under the LLC name to be registered.  I was surprised because for the last 4 years I've have my car registered under my LLC and I always had my insurance under my own personal name. She told me to get insurance under the LLC name. I knew she was wrong. On Monday June 20th I called the PA DMV, and asked them about titling  requirements for an LLC. They told me no, a business LLC does NOT need to have insurance when titling a vehicle, only the owner/individual who is driving the vehicle needs insurance. Nowhere does it say on the PA DMV website that a business needs insurance on their own name to title a vehicle.

On Monday June 20th, I again, saw Katrice. She couldn't believe I was right. She thought I was wrong. I told her "Do you want me to call the PA DMV to tell you that you are wrong"? She spent 20 minutes irate for being wrong and went away to go to the DMV website, and she even spoke to her supervisor. And she accepted defeat.  She was wrong.   Next, she then refused to do the title transfer, because she felt "uncomfortable" even though her direct supervisor said she should do it as the PA DMV will process my paperwork. Even though she knew she was wrong and she knew I was right and PA DMV confirmed I didn't need insurance under the LLCs name, she refused to do the title transfer.

She should be ashamed of herself for being so unprofessional. She was clueless about the PA DMV policies, and she treated me with the upmost disrespect that I will never walk into this store for any help ever again.  I hope Katrice get's professional help because she has no clue about the policies of the PA DMV and she should be fired for treating a customer so badly.
My husband and I were at the DMV waiting to get my name changed because I got married. The woman at the DMV only mentioned me needing my marriage certificate. My husband called AAA while we were waiting in line at the DMV (29 people deep) to ask if we could do it there. The woman at AAA Fatima was very nice and politely said I had to go to the DMV and that I would need my marriage certificate and my new social security card. The DMV said nothing about the new social security card and I would just like to say thank you to that girl because she saved me from hours wasted and a lot of aggravation. But she was way more helpful than the DMV ever would be.
The store is located in a popular area. The store inside seemed pretty empty, and the employees were very nice and welcoming and willing to help us out.
