A few friends and I took our kids to the "Dinos After Dark" exhibition (I think it was called that lol) a few weeks ago and I didn't know what to expect. 

I hadn't been here since I was a kid myself and to my suprise not much changed which is not a bad thing! I remember it feeling like a way bigger space, but clearly everything looks huge when your 4 lol

The kids enjoyed themselves, especially the butterfly exhibit! 
I was afraid for those poor butterflies on the floor minding their business, but all the children were very careful with them! lol

The coolest thing to see was all the people there for date night or just out with their friends. I was sitting there thinking "Why didn't me and my friends do stuff like this?" They even had a little bar with beer and wine. 

Okay, Academy, I see you.
When my son was in his early years, we were members of the Academy of Natural Sciences on Logan Circle, Philadelphia.  Our membership entitled us to free entrance into the museum, and discount tickets to the special exhibits they always had coming in.  Too, we received some kind of courtesy from the gift shop.  

It was well worth the drive from Bucks County to explore the dinosaur permanent exhibit, as well as the few interactive corners and events that were available throughout the three story hall.  Digging for dinosaur fossils, and touching live reptiles and small mammals, had a profound effect on his young mind, and very likely explains why he now excels in high school science and math.  He went from wanting to be a paleontologist when he grew up, to a geologist, once he discovered there was something beyond huge skeletons in the ground.  

The diorama halls were persuasive in suggesting how various species lived in the wild, and had him imagining he was standing on the savannas of South Africa, watching wildebeests run in a panic from hunting lions. In truth, it wasn't just the kid having these thoughts. It brought that child out of his father, too. 

We explored the butterfly exhibit before it became permanent, and the frog rooms while available. We watched the nature movies in the theater and encouraged each other to dream big when contemplating our planet and universe.  

In truth, we were also members of the Museum of Natural History in Manhattan, and went there as often as possible. It was much bigger and better in many ways, but lacked the convenience and crowd management that made the Academy so accessible.  No "Night in the Museum," here, unless you were lucky enough to get a cub scout sleepover.  

If you scored that, anything was possible.
Fun times in this expensive relatively small and clean family-friendly museum admiring huge stuffed wild animals from up close, live butterflies in their warm and humid environment, ... 
The dinosaur exhibition was fine.
This museum is located in the museum district. Very educational. If you are science lover, definitely check out this museum. 

There are many other museums in the area. At least plan a whole day in this city!
This was pretty cool, but it's SO SMALL. I was shocked that it only took us 45 minutes to walk through. Kind of a bummer, but if you're looking to kill a little time, maybe it's worth the trip.
After spending a little too much time at the Delaware Natural History Museum, we remembered that we're not far from Philadelphia, so we decided to try this last year.  We're so glad we did.  The first thing we found out is that we could flash our membership card to the DE museum, and get in for free!  

The main attraction for my son Dino-boy was the huge dinosaur display.  Some of the displays contain real fossils, and I love the interactive bits, like sticking your head into the skull of a triceratops, or into the jaws of a tyrannosaurus. Then there's the big dig, which will distract them for a little while.  Its a little landscape made of some kind of simulated rock material, with fossils embedded.  The kids get goggles, a chisel and a brush, and can attempt to dig something out.  Except that the material is extremely hard, and I've never seen my kid make any headway at all.

There are lots of "stuffed animal" exhibits on the upper floors, showing all kinds of landscapes.  I never realized just how big a buffalo really is.  For some reason, there's a mummy amongst everything else, mainly because someone donated a mummy to the museum, and they didn't have anyplace else to put it.  

Another must-see area for the kids is the butterfly garden.  You pay an extra couple bucks to get in, pass through some kind of chamber designed to keep the critters in, and enter a high heat and humidity area with plants and butterflies everywhere.  All of the species I last saw were from Central America, so you're not going to find the typical American varieties.  They'll fly all around you, and maybe land on your nose.  Be careful where you step!  

The place to wear out your kids is on the top floor, in the coolest museum play area I've seen.  There are live animals around, from turtles to giant hissing cockroaches, and other than those, everything is hands on.  You can sift through sand to find fossil teeth, climb all over stuff, read a book in the library area, and so on.  My kids never got tired of it.  

Bring your own food.  Supplement from the basement cafeteria for chips, drinks, pretzels or ice cream, but avoid the actual food there - pizza, burgers, sandwiches.  Pretty nasty fare.
I just recently joined as a member since there seemed to be more adult programs than the Franklin Institute.  The last time I visited a month ago, I was pleasantly surprised with a member's preview of the Bizzare Beasts.  The artist came to talk about how he molded and build the life-sized beasts.  He also talked about his collaborations with scientists, paleontologists, and fossilist to get everything as accurate as possible.  

A few years ago, I did an adult program with building a bee house with some power tools.  It was alot of fun to learn about different pollinators and then get to build my own bee house.  I would recommend this place for everyone since it has everything for everyone.  Franklin Institute has great success with traveling exhibits as well as provide some great IMAX films both documentaries and blockbusters.  However, it lacks in adult programs but makes up with family programming.  If you are a science nerd/geek like me, then you will appreciate this more than the Franklin Institute.  

Besides the adult, family, and member programs, the Academy also holds seminars from their scientific community which is really great.  It is pretty much a research institute where you can learn more about birds, fishes, etc. from their staff.  Parking is a bit hectic around Logan Square with all the snow this year.  But, I found a great place on the weekends behind the Free Library (Callowhill and 19th Street) for only $6.50 all day.  For a short seminar, you can just find a parking meter during the day closer to the Academy.

Member Benefits and More
* Access to special exhibit previews
* Discounts to adult and family programs
* Lectures and seminars throughout the year
* Reciprocal science museum admission with ASTC museums
We came because they had a big dinosaur out front and our toddler is OBSESSED. My husband decided then that we needed to stop in because he knew our son would love to see pictures of the dinosaurs. Our son was not disappointed with all the dinosaur pictures and the dinosaur trinkets we got for him in the gift shop. We were just visiting Philadelphia and did not have our son with us, locals should bring their toddlers to this. 

Dinosaurs aside, this is an EXPENSIVE museum to get in to and it's not very big and doesn't have a lot of stuff in it. We were not super impressed. You can get through the entire thing in around an hour, hour and a half. A lot of stuffed animals that look like they have been in the same display cases since the 1970's. I would have given this place 3 stars if not for the awesome dinosaur exhibit (which is extra by the way, not included in base price). 

They have okay clean bathrooms and a small cafe for food and drink. We were able to grab Ubers to and from this location, easy pick up/drop off spot. I would come back here if my son was with us, otherwise nope.
A few of my friends were visiting me from my hometown and, since we're all just a bunch of kids at heart, I decided to bring them here for the dinosaur exhibit. We had a BLAST. The dinosaur exhibit was great, showcasing a lot of fossils and, sadly, a lot of casts. 

I would really like to give mad props to the two women working the table of animal bones on the top floor of the dino exhibit. They were great at explaining what everything was to the group of children in front of them, then when the children left and my friends and I walked up (we're all in our mid-twenties), they changed their tone immediately and explained everything to us in a very adult manner. They were so knowledgeable and I really dug their enthusiasm. When it dawned on me that they had the butterfly room in this museum ("I COMPLETELY FORGOT THAT WAS HERE!"), the two women got excited with me ("YES, WE DO HAVE THAT!!!"). I love people like that, and I just wanted to give them the praise they deserve.

Anyway, the rest of the museum was great. The "Paleopalooza" event was going on while we were there, so there were plenty of activities set up around the museum for kids to take part in (my friends and I refrained). The butterfly room was really great. It's nice that they give people a chance to be surrounded by beauty like that, even in the middle of the city. Even if it is incredibly humid.
Took my 3 & 6 years old to this Museum on a Friday.  It is located at downtown area, so parking can be a problem.   I saw meter parking outside the back door but of course all full.  Parked at 1/2 block away Logan Square garage.  Reserved via iparkit app for$9 minus discount $5 code YELP. Net pay $4.    Other parking app is $10 & no code available.    We walked 1/2 block to enter at back door.  

Pro: 
-entered free due to ASTC passport program.  We were told there would be $3 per person extra charge for butterfly exhibit and $7 for special Bug exhibit. We didn't have to pay right away. Money would be collected at entry of exhibits upstairs.  We were ready to pay for butterfly exhibit but nobody was collecting $ there.  Everyone just walked in and out, so did we    
-Impressive dinosaur exhibit.  
- kids can spend a long time at free Dino dig area. They used small spongy feel particles instead of sand. Much less messy.  
-very child friendly. Step stools everywhere to look at displays.   Low sink for toddler/ young child in bathroom. 
-Program throughout the day.  We saw 'meet the animals' at the auditorium-- an owl and an opossum.   Also up on 3/F, every hour or so there was 'pat a snake' .   At a room on 3/F, there was art and craft.  
- Cafe at Level G.   Cafeteria style. We didn't eat there but I saw people eating their Home brought snacks there. 
Price seemed reasonable for a museum.  See my photo for price menu.  Place seemed clean.  
- Everything was indoor and air conditioned. 

Con: 
- no parking lot of their own.  
- 3/F where my kids spent most time was warm, which may due to the reptiles cages in there. Same thing at the butterfly exhibits down on 1/F.  
- elevators are confusing. Not too stroller friendly.  There were two elevators but they served different floors. They were at the opposite ends.  So if you want to go straight up, you have to 'transfer '. Of course they were slow also.  
- plenty of still live animal exhibit big display windows.  My kids just walked through them, not too interesting to them.  
- Butterfly exhibit was small. I wouldn't pay extra for it.  Don't expect butterfly would land on you, even the staff said so. However, it's worth seeing if it's free with admission.  

Overall, my kids spent most time at the Dino area and 3/F where they could touch and play.  Easily spent 3 hours there, may be more if I let them.  Definitely recommend.
When here for the Geek Awards I was able to wander around for a bit. There are some very cool exhibits - from dinosaurs to wildlife. The new mini-golf exhibit is very cool. I couldn't maneuver with a beer, but the "holes" are educational while still being really fun. It's spacious museum and seems like a great place for a field trip on a rainy day. All the staff were helpful and friendly. Plus, they even had some very cool live animals out - including an owl!
Came here with my four-year-old son and had a great time.  While I do think that the exhibits are geared more towards children who are a little bit older there were certainly activity is that he could enjoy.  We came while they were doing a bug exhibit which was really super cool.  The butterfly sanctuary is beautiful.
Yes to this museum! Yes to its many corridors and halls of natural science exhibits from dinosaurs to taxidermy animals to the beautiful live butterfly exhibit. Yes to the great tours and presentations from leading scientists. When we lived in Phila, we were members and I took my kids there a few times a year. A great outing as a family in an absolutely outstanding museum. Wish we could go back more often.
Okay for realzies, geared more for kids. But who doesn't wanna see some motherf*ckin' dinosaurs, honestly! Well the fossils. But it's awesome seeing a full skeleton of a Tyrannasoarus Rex!

Fun date activity if you enjoy learning and seeing specimens. Of course a lot of kids and with kids, come the yelling. So be prepared.

The butterfly exhibit is great to visit. There were multiple diorama of taxiderm animals, it was intriguing to observe and information posted regarding each diorama.

Another favorite was a mummy. Yes, a real, legit mummy. I think it's on the third floor. I wish the museum had a section with Egyptian artifacts to go with the mummy. But again, the mummy itself I was impressed with. It's actually weird to think how small it is to be honest.

Now exhibits are usually 'no touching.' But the meteorite is encouraged to be touched. It's an iron meteorite on display on the... third floor I think.

The staff were quite pleasant and chatty. They love to talk and share their knowledge of their exhibits, and of their city. They were very bright,  knowledgeable people.

The facility is kind of oddly laid out. During our visit some of the exhibits were closed for remodeling and cleaning. Which is understandable. Some of those dioramas have been untouched for decades, they need more than just a little dusting!
This museum is great for children but as for adults, I'll pass. It'll take you 45min - 1 hour to see all the exhibits. I was able to come here for the Dino's After Dark event posted on Facebook. This allowed you to pay as you wish while they opened the museum after hours to guests. They offered beer and food as more of an incentive. That to me should have classified the event for 21+ but of course they wanted a wider base. It's no surprise that the event was jam packed. 

The exhibit worth mentioning would be the Butterflies. Through the doors, past the Dinosaur from NJ lies a Tropically humid room holding a variety of species from different parts of the world. The larvae comes in daily, they head into the incubation chamber and then release them into the room. It turns the exhibit into you being their visitor, as if you were in the wild seeing them face-to-face.
This is great for kids. You can start from the dinosaur exhibit and work your way up to taxidermic animals. I think all the dinosaur bones are just replicas. There are so many activities for the kiddies like a dinosaur dig on the second floor. 

There's a live animal section on the top floor with a gigantic bunny, and tutles, spiders, bee, etc. very fun and interactive for the kiddies.

There is also a live butterfly exhibit, very humid but educational. You can watch where all the cocoons are hung until the butterflies are ready to come out. 

They also have a bird exhibit, with no live birds though. It's all just educational stuff, with videos and presentations. They have a game called dance dance evolution where you can dance like a male bird and have female birds vote for the best dancing bird.

They also have live animal presentations in the auditorium, but you don't get to touch the animals. Apparently the animals rotate and are random. The presentation was 20 mins to 30 mins. The lady showed us a snake and an iguana. 

If you have kids, it will be a great family day :)
A nice natural science museum. It has live butterflies, lots of dinosaur bones, and a fake archeological dig. It is on the small side, especially for a Philly museum but lots of fun. The cafeteria provides real adult food options and not only pizza and chicken nuggets. Parking is a pain cause it's either street parking or you find a parking lot. None of the lots in the area are inexpensive though. You can park in the parking deck for the Ben Franklin Science Museum, but it was full when I tried to use it.
This is the Philadelphia museum that often gets overlooked. It was another place that overwhelmed me as a child. all of the incredible dinosaur skeletons are especially worth checking out. They even have a fun dinosaur robot that should impress the kids 9it's been awhile since I've been, but it was there the last time). 
The only flaw to the place is the size. It's worthy of getting as much attention as the Franklin Institute and The Art Museum. But it's freakishly small by comparison and often gets overlooked by result. And while it does get in some interesting special exhibits, they aren't as big league as what the Franklin Institute and Art Museum gets.
The Academy of Natural Sciences is one of my favorite places in the city. Admission prices are incredibly reasonable - $12 for adults, $10 for students and kids. Even better, I was recently able to get a LivingSocial deal for $6 tickets. Compared to similar museums in other cities, prices are low and absolutely worth it. 
I recently brought my 10-year-old sister here, and she loved the exhibits. I've also come with groups of friends and gone on my own to wander. Most people come with kids, but it is the kind of place that everybody should be able to find something they enjoy. My favorite exhibit is the dinosaur hall. They have some great finds, including the first mounted fossil. There is also a lab in the back where you can talk to people working on actual fossils - at my last visit they were working on a fossil found in Patagonia. They'll answer your questions and show you what they're working on. My sister is not as big of a dork as I am, but even she thought that watching a real paleontology lab was really exciting!
There is also a great exhibit of butterflies. It is $2 extra, but absolutely worth it. It is basically a large butterfly garden where the butterflies are flying free. My sister was lucky enough to have a gorgeous butterfly land on her! There are many different kinds of butterflies and they are all over. There is also a case of chrysalises and we could see one butterfly emerging. Way cool!
Since the Academy is primarily a family attraction, there were a lot of educational things geared toward kids. We watched a live animal show that was very interesting - they showed us some of the animals that live at the Academy because they cannot be released to the wild. There was a great horned owl who was missing a wing and a (white!) red fox. The presenter did a great job of getting the audience involved and answering kids' questions. We were able to go downstairs and view the live animal center, where we could see more of the Academy's animals (including some loud, chatty birds!).
Although not very big, this was a really cool place to come visit. Someone told me that if I want to see an Egyptian sarcophagi to come here. I came by on a Saturday morning. There was only one guy at the front and with a family in front of me signing up for a membership, it took forever for the guy to get to me. Admission for an adult was $15, pretty reasonable, I think. 

Once in, I was immediately wowed by the dinosaurs! So freaking cool. There were alot of dinosaur bone molds and some were real. There were some land and water animals. On first and second floor were cool dioramas and a neat video of how they are made. I was fascinated. When I got to the Egyptian sarcophagus, there was just the one. Although pretty cool, I was hoping to see more. 

A permanent part of the museum was the butterfly exhibit. I was happy it was included with the admission since I usually have to pay more for that option. Once inside, I was giddy when several began landing on my head and clothes. It was really neat. I can't wait to take my kids here. 

Overall, this is a really great museum, I loved it. Great place for kids, small and big alike.
The academy is a great place for young children. All of the live animals are rescues, and the staff is always happy to let you have a hands on experience, and teach you about the animals

. A+ to the staff in the butterfly room especially. Over the course of our regular summer visits, they always remembered the name of the little boy I had with me, and would make sure that he had a special experience.

Also, it seems that they have a lot of high school students working there, which is great, especially in a city like Philadelphia. 


Unfortunately not everything about the place is positive. There are no changing tables in the bathrooms, resulting in many diaper changes in the middle of the museum.

Being a nanny, the family I worked for got a year membership +, meaning I'd be an add on and able to take the child on my own. Half way through the membership period, the museum changed their policy, and on a visit I was told we'd have to pay an additional annual fee for me to continue taking him. The mom called and resolved it over the phone, only for us to have the same problem again on the next visit. After a few times of this, it was eventually sorted out. 


Difficulties aside, I'd definitely recommend the Academy for anyone with small children.
4.5 stars.  We love it here and are members.  Our 4 year old adores the "Big Dig" exhibit and everyone (even bug-phobic me) likes the butterfly area.  (Wear light weight clothing - it's hot and very humid in there.)

This year the Academy had a free Members night for the members and it was great fun!  Membership pays for itself if you visit more than 3 times.

Bring food/snacks - the Cafe has a limited selection - but better than some.
Pizza was dried out & nasty - but they did have yogurt, frui8t and other healthier options.
I used to attend summer camp at the Academy of Natural Sciences as a kid. I used to be so fascinated by the Dioramas depicting wildlife. I still like them now as an adult. But now my favorite part of the museum is the dinosaur hall. It has a full T-Rex as its centerpiece! You can't see that in too many places! The rest of the hall contains other dinosaur skeletons, eggs, footprints and sculptures. It's an impressive collection. The only thing missing is the massive sized dinosaurs you can see in a couple other museums. It's a small museum, but well worth spending a couple of hours visiting.
My wife and I visited before and this time we brought he kids along. They loved it! Right around 2 hours was a good amount of time for them (5 and 3 year old), though you could easily stay longer because there is lots to do and see and plentiful information. 

There are so many incredible animal dioramas - so neat to be face to face with these fascinating animals. There is also a section where they show you how the dioramas are made. 

The dinosaur section is very cool and there is a kids area where they can dig and learn about fossils. 

I love that this is a real-time learning center, so there are people doing research and offices around  each corner. 

We enjoyed walking through the butterfly room, though we expected that room to be much bigger. We also enjoyed the live animal demonstration - got to meet an armadillo and large snake! 

And then on the third floor, there is an interactive kids room for even more hands-on animal learning!

We brought a bagged lunch along, but they also have a small cafeteria on the lower level, and a few bathrooms throughout the building.
I grew up outside Philly, but I can't say ever remember coming here as a kid. Today, we braved the Schulykill to ride in from Lancaster because my wife had picked up a coupon on Groupon for a $20 family membership...which has reciprosity at many more national science museums. So off we went...I'd suggested we have the membership sent to us, but she wanted to take the kids downtown to see the museum.

Maybe it was road rage roiling by the time I put feet inside the museum, but I can't say there is too much wow factor to be had. The animal displays are nice, but somehow I feel that the displays are older than...the dinosaur exhibit, which was temporary, but was pretty neat. The kids did like the butterfly room, and it was well presented. The live animal area was pretty weak. I understand it isn't the zoo- and that they rescue animals, so kudos- but the display areas were really uninteresting. Not much to see. The sarcophogus on the second floor was pretty interesting; I didn't expect to see a 2500 year-old today! The kids also liked the upstairs kids "please touch" area, but it was kind of small and didn't have a lot that our kids hadn't seen before. Maybe the kids were likewise tired upon arrival, but they had fun...but not a lot. They were ready to go within 90 minutes, if not sooner.

The staff was great...polite, helpful, happy to interact with visitors.

I guess my overall impression is that this is a 1950's museum trying to make changes to stay pertinent. I hope they continue to bring in interesting temporary exhibits and to continue to update areas...with the Franklin Institute next door, it must be tough to compete. I'd certainly pass on a family membership were it not groupon, and with reciprocity! Overall, eh...didn't do it for me..but it did give us an interesting day out.
Although small compared to other more famous natural history/natural science museums like the National Museum of Natural History or the Field Museum, it is still a good place to bring kids to learn and to be curious. If you do, make sure you attend one of the presentations held just outside the theater and plan to spend only a couple of hours if you like to read and look at everyone closely.

I wish the information plaques had more information on them or that they identified the plants, insects and other animals also located within the dioramas.

The Academy has a rotation of special exhibits so be sure to check out their website regularly.
Solid! Took around 2.5 hours to fully explore. The chocolate exhibit (going on until Jan 24, 2015) was the best part.

Good mix of stuff for kids and adults and the age-specific areas are spread out in order to keep you moving. Struck me as odd that there were no docents walking around -- none! I want to be told not to touch stuff!

Be sure to visit the gift shop for some lols. To be honest, we initially only visited the museum at all to see the giant dinosaur slippers they were selling.
This was a really quite excellent natural history museum. They have dinosaurs, of course, and a section where you can talk to a paleontologist who's working, which always makes me feel like I'm interrupting. They also have the classical dioramas with stuffed animals- some of these looked a bit dusty- including extinct and endangered species, which was sad.

There was a very good traveling exhibit here about the deep sea. We'd have spend a lot of time here, except we were trying to see two museums in just a day, and were short on time.

Finally, this is an esoteric interest, but if you are at all into diatoms, this is the place to be! (Though if you're into diatoms, you should know that the Patrick Center is the diatom Mecca for the US, and why am I even bothering telling you this?) They get an extra half-star for letting us geek out on our unicellular algae friends (which makes up for the library being closed so we couldn't see the Audubon book).
Absolutely loved this place!
My husband and I, as well as our children fell in love with this place. 
Their exhibits were a lot of fun, and they also had a lot of interactive stations, where you could touch fossils, and live creatures. They also had a theater where you sat, and they had special presentations with live animals. There was also an activity area for children as well. 
My kids are begging me for another trip, and soon!
I loved the butterfly room. The displays and animals behind the glass were beautiful and fascinating
There are two big reasons to go to this museum: dinosaurs and butterflies. The highlight of the place is a sprawling collection devoted to dinosaurs and fossils in general. Personally I learned that no dinosaurs lived in the water (those creatures are called mosasaurs), there's a dinosaur whose name somewhat resembles mine (Corythosaurus!), and that for the winter the museum staff likes dressing up the outside dinosaur models with scarves and gloves. But inside the museum the entire first floor and change are  devoted to dinosaurs and fossils.

And then there's the Butterfly Garden. You enter a room and there are these beautiful, exotically colored little guys flapping about. You go to stare at one and then realize that there's another a foot to the left just hiding in the corner like an adorable little creeper. As you traverse the room you will also become increasingly paranoid as you go to great lengths to avoid accidentally stepping on them. Hopefully you make it through the Butterfly Garden with no casualties (or hitchhikers, per federal law).

But after those two bright highlights, the appeal of the museum quickly stumbles: from there it's just mostly a lot of taxidermy-occupied dioramas. So while you may spend huge amounts of time with the dinosaurs and butterflies, I found myself breezing through the rest of the place wondering where the rest of the good stuff was. That being said, I had already spent a solid two hours there (and $20), but recently I'd been to a bunch of museums where after that same duration I find I have to rush to cram everything in because of the sheer amount of content (for example, the nearby Barnes Foundation); that unfortunately wasn't the case with The Academy of Natural Sciences.

But hey, if you have two hours of museum time, this is still a great place to check out.
The Academy of Natural Sciences is a small but interesting museum. I loved seeing and learning about the true-to-size animals in replicas of their natural habitats. The dinosaur exhibit is also great; we were able to see folks work on a yet-to-be-named dinosaur's fossils!

A video about squirrels was playing throughout my visit to the museum, but because of a traumatizing childhood experience with a squirrel, I avoided it. I also didn't spend much time looking at the many (gulp - live) bug species the museum has on display. Some volunteers offered to let me hold a cockroach - no thanks. I'm also terrified of butterflies so I didn't check out the live butterfly exhibit. (If you choose to check it out, it costs a few more dollars and you'll need to make sure your admission "tab" is visible.) 

The Academy is a great place for young and old to learn all about bugs, dinosaurs, and animals.
Attended the warren miller film here again his year.

Very nice venue, ever changing.

Easy parking in the street. 

The seats in the theater are comfortable. The bathrooms were clean and the entry prices are affordable.
We recently had a school trip here. Our daughter had a blast! She really seemed to enjoy herself and has asked us on numerous occasions to go back. Parking can be tough and expensive. This place is more for kids. They have dinosaurs and a butterfly exhibit that went over well with our kids. The food court area is decent for what it is as well. We will return.
It was a cold 30 degree day in this brisk frozen winter of 2013, and I wanted to be warm deep down to my bones. So the roommie and I bundled up and headed to the Academy... where the butterflies were rumored to fly. Being students, we were able to get a discount and I think it only cost 13.50 to see the whole museum. I remember visiting Philly one day years ago and exploring the Academy, seeing their awesome collection of fossils and taxidermied habitats, and what i remembered wasn't even close! Such a thorough colleciton, plussssss THE BUTTERFLY ROOM! wow. 80-120 LIVE butterflies and moths live year round in this tropical escape! the room is small, but the amount of live beauty is amazing. the collection is obtained from farmers all over the world, from Madagascar to Costa Rica, and the cocoons are displayed so the visiters can watch the new ones hatch. When we went, the room was almost empty, an owl eyed butterfly landed on my roommates hat and stayed for a half an hour! The guide present was extremely knowledgeable, and showed us specific features and anatomy of the butterflies on the dead specimens he was collecting for disposal. We stayed for about 45 minutes, till our hair was curly from the 80% humidity, our clothes sticking to us from the 80 degree weather, and our minds blown. BEST ESCAPE from the frigid winter EVER! Highly recommend if you would like to exercise your mind and immerse yourself in beauty as well.
I just brought my daughter here for one of her friends birthday and I have to say the staff was amazing. The party room is central to the dinosaur exhibit and also allows for the kids to see workers scraping away at fossils. The tour guides were perfect and did an excellent job of ensuring that the kids had activities at every place.

They also had coloring paper and balloons in the room as well as had the tour guides help serve pizza and cake. Overall I would highly recommend for a children's birthday party and was very happy with the service.
Sometimes I feel bad for little ANS, which is shadowed by the gigantic Franklin Institute.  But there's no need for my concern b/c ANS is holding its own on 19th Street as it has been for years.  It has gargantuan dinosaur skeletons.  What else do kids want in a museum? As long as ANS stands, kids will want to come see the bones, & to mix things up, ANS hosts and markets temporary exhibits like the famous butterly thingy and the new, disgusting poop show.  They have educational programming, and I actually like the smaller scale of this building.  It's no matchbox; it's just that pretty much anything across the street from FI looks small in comparison.
I haven't been to the Academy of Natural Sciences since I was about 13, but it's a really good museum.  I went a few times when I was little during family museum trips, and the last time I went was with an art class because the teacher wanted us to sketch things in the museum.  From what I recall, they've got a great collection of dinosaur bones and stuffed animals in dioramas, and I believe that it's got a "please touch" area upstairs with star fish and stuff.  It's a great place to take kids.  It's no Smithsonian, but it's a pretty great little museum.
Very cool place to visit. Good for kids 5 to 10 years old. I'm 44 and still loved looking at dinosaur bones.
Not really being a Science person [yeh i know] this was a super fun experience. I cannot believe from the 2 years I have lived here, like 5 blocks away, I never bothered to check it out!

Awesome Dinosaurs. Must go. And the butterfly conservatory with hundreds of butterfly flying around everywhere was ridiculously fun! Too bad idk of any young kids id def take one with me n walk around.
Took the opportunity to enjoy this museum on Free Museum Day from the Smithsonian.  A friend fondly remembered all the dinosaurs from his own youth and birthday parties though says they have built things up and the building seems much smaller now.
If you're just adults enjoying some natural history, plan to take about an hour and a half.  If you have kids, add time based on interest and playtime.  They do push quite a lot of interesting areas and engagement activities for kids, especially on the top floor.
We didn't pay for the extra areas but they seemed well attended.  The live talk at the dino excavation area was extremely well informed and communicated.  If you want to spend some time checking out lots of dinosaurs, interesting biome dioramas from around the globe and some fun "please touch" areas for small creatures, this definitely fits the bill.
Located in the big museum area along with the Franklin, access is very easy to walk from public transit or other parking areas.
Great museum located centrally in the city.  My brother and I were visiting Philly for the hell of it, and walked by this place a few times.  The last time we saw they were doing some kind of food and drinks event, so we decided to check it out.  There was a very nice mythical animals exhibit going on, in addition to the normal stuffed animals and dinosaurs.  I am used to the American Museum of Natural History in NY and hate how they hide their dinosaurs in the back, so having the dinos readily accessible in the front was a great change of pace.  Wish it was a bit bigger with more interactive stuff (like the mythical beasts exhibit), however this was well worth a visit.

Would definitely come again next time I'm in town!
Enjoyed our visit using a pass from the library but very surprised that the regular admission doesn't include the dinosaur room or butterfly exhibit. For the price of admission all should be included.
Brought our kids here to explore. They had a good time and the best part was walking through the butterfly exhibit. It's pretty hot and humid in there so be prepared. Our kids had a blast seeing all the different butterflies and the cacoons.

The dinosaur exhibit was also something different to see. They also had quite a bit of animals on display (stuffed) and during our stay they had a live animal show going on. They also had a ninja turtle station where kids could get their face painted for free. :)
For the price, I would not recommend this place. It is really really small we went through the whole place in about 30-40 minutes. 

The best thing about this place is the live butterfly exhibit! You get to actually walk through the butterflies habitat and see all of them either perching on trees, fruit, or walls. It's really amazing. However be careful because they blend in really well and you might step on one! It's also super hot in there (80 degrees) so take off your jacket first! 

Overall, if you have the Philadelphia pass and free time, it's worth checking out because it's right next to the Franklin Institute. But, if you're paying per museum I would just walk on over to the Franklin Institute. MUCH better use of your money and time.
As far as natural science museums go, this was just average. It wasn't the AMNH in NYC, it wasn't the the California Academy of Sciences. It was just a simple run of the mill natural science museum, with a very kid-friendly focus. As a college student with no children, the mock 'dig for fossils' exhibit and such did not really appeal to me, nor did the screaming children distracting me from the plaques. 

I think the highlight of this museum for me was the exhibit on the making of dioramas as I hadn't seen that before anywhere else. It was very informative and stressed all the components that go into their creation.
This place is great.

My son and his friends had a blast visiting all the different exhibits.  

There were tons of kid friendly exhibits that were great.   

In the auditorium we saw a live animal show where we learned more about snakes and hawks.
The kids loved asking question and seeing the animals up close.

The big dig area was a hit.  They were able to "dig" and see what uncovered in the earth.

Outside in was great.  It's a one room super kid friendly area.  One door in/out so you can sit on the bench by the door and let your kids explore. The staff is willing to bring out live animals so the kids can see them up close.

We visited the café which is very nicely decorated.  The food was reasonable with discount for members.

We parked across the street (use the place on the website) for discounted parking once you validate.

Will I be back?  Yes.. In the meantime I'm getting on the mailing list.  I saw some cool exhibits coming up soon.
I bought a groupon for a family membership back in April 2013. It paid for itself in one visit. It's a nice museum. The lay out is a little funky. I've been about a half a dozen times and I still get turned around. They have different exhibits that cater primarily to families with young children. They also have an area for rotating exhibits. Currently they have dinosaurs. There is an additional cost, but worth going to see. My daughter loves the live butterfly house. We often have to go a couple times per visit. In addition to the butterfly and rotating exhibit, they have dioramas with a lot of taxidermy. I was a little surprised to see some with animals with dead animals in their mouths. Was an interesting conversation I had to have with my little one. They also have a kid's area on the 3rd floor where they can play, read books, do puzzles, and pet some animals like snakes and rabbits. I plan to renew my membership when it expires.
I took my son here recently and was pretty impressed by the museum. I grew up not too far from Philly but where I grew up was much more in the NYC sphere of influence so the only place like this in Philly that I really knew of was the Franklin Institute. It actually wasn't until I had taken my son to the Franklin Institute did I look across the street and see the Academy of Natural Sciences. The outside of the building is exactly what you would expect from a museum of its age. Very stately, with granite columns and stone stairs. When you first walk in, to the right is the dinosaur room which is a great way to get kids excited about the trip. Upstairs in the dinosaur room the kids can actually put on a pair of goggles and dig for dinosaurs themselves! Then there are some animal dioramas that show different taxidermied animals posed in their 'natural habitat'. Probably the funnest room is the butterfly room where you can walk through a butterfly habitat.

Definitely worth a visit and a membership if you live in the area
I came in with pretty low expectations but was pleasantly surprised. The inside out room is great for little kids. They bring out animals and bugs and there's lots of stuff for them to explore and touch. The butterfly room is interesting as well. 

The dioramas aren't that exciting.
We had an awesome time here. Very interesting exhibitions, if you like dinosaurs this place should be in your bucketlist. We spent 3 hours here reading, watching and taking photos of everything. Admission fee is 15.95 but if you are interested to see another special exhibition (we also saw the titanoboa exhibition for another $3.00) you have to pay extra. Butterfly room is included with general admission, this place is so colorful and pretty. They have theaters, cafeteria, shop,.... My experience was so great, i totally recommend this interesting place!
Enjoyed myself. I loved all the animals. . Most I've never even knew existed.  Always cool to learn new things
Gracious host of the Geekdelphia Philly Geek Awards and awesome spot for all your Natural Science needs.  I have been in love with this spot since I took my little sister here almost 10 years ago.
The museum was rather small but it had some nice displays. The unfortunate part is that the Butterfly Exhibit was closed for the day so they took about $3 off of my ticket which I appreciated but sad that I missed the exhibit. This museum only took about 45 minutes to complete but I did stop at the gift shop and got 2 shirts for $30 which is pretty good considering museums are always super high in price. I'm happy with that purchase. It was a nice museum overall. It's no natural history museum in NYC or Washington but it is very nice for what it is.
While walking among the dinosaur bones and stuffed animal dioramas of the Academy of Natural Sciences, I mentioned to my companion that not long ago, I'd wandered through the same type of exhibits at the Natural History Museum in Los Angeles.  She asked which one was better.  I told her the museum in Los Angeles was newer and bigger, but that this one held a greater sentimental value for me because it's the museum I basically grew up in.

From the time I could barely read til I eventually moved from Pennsylvania as a restless ten year old, my parents and I were regulars at the museum.  My childhood imagination was filled with dinosaurs and sharks and National Geographic TV specials and, of course, stuffed animals against painted diorama backgrounds.  Yes, these details are extraneous and really who cares about my childhood, except for my testifying that the Academy has not only survived, but continued to thrive.

In addition to the dinosaurs and stuffed animals, there was a butterfly exhibit (your camera lens will fog up in there) and a "discovery" hall full of the kind of animals-in-jar goodness that would've sent ten-year-old me into a frenzy.  The Academy has regular events geared towards kids vis a vis their "Academy Explorers Camp" and presentations and talks on a variety of topics.  In other words, the museum is still a not only a local cultural landmark but also an active center of knowledge for kids and adults alike.

Not bad for a museum celebrating its bicentennial.
Another one of  my favorites. I wish I had friends that'd be interested and/or a really awesome nerdy guy to go with me sometime.  Can't get enough of those dinosaurs and dioramas....and everything else in-between. 

Just a tip: don't be afraid to try the insect candy in the giftshop! I've had cricket taffies and chocolate covered ants in the past. Both were excellent. It's good for you. :]
I've been a big fan of natural history museums ever since I was a kid, and the Academy of Natural Sciences did not disappoint. They have a wide variety of displays covering many topics, as well as rotating special exhibits. Drexel students get free admission, and I highly recommend taking advantage of it before you graduate!
i really like the academy of nat. sci. i havnt been there in ages but i lov their butterfly exhibit.. even tho its real humid in the room.... and then they got fun activities to do but its a lot more of a learning experience here....
Just a quick note to let you know I was contacted by an individual from the Academy who appreciated my overall review, and commented that their cafeteria fare has been upgraded.   It wasn't a big factor in my review, but I appreciate the concern.
The butterfly lady (I think her name was Courtney?) will change your life.

'Nuff said.
Dinos After Dark. What a fantastic idea this is. It's a pay-what-you-wish system, with the suggested price being $10. They accept cards too btw! 

They basically open up the whole museum for guests for $10...they also have bars and food. The evening I went, they had Mexican food...tacos, nachos, etc. While they were very tempting, we decided to skip food since we had plans to attend a restaurant afterwards...and head straight to the bar. First round, my friend had the sangria and I had their Crocodile Lemonade. We were a bit disappointed with the high cost, low quantity and almost non-existent alcohol content on them...so we decided on beers on the second round. 

They set up high tops and game tables throughout the dino area. This is where you'll also find the bars and food. After exploring the dino area, we decided to venture out into the other areas. Such a great museum. They had museum staff come out with samples and engage guests. Awesome! They even offer a presentation of live animals in their little auditorium. The Croc Room was probably one of my favorites...with live alligators and/or crocodiles with several educators engaging with guests. Love it. 

The crowd was a good mix of young and old, parents and non-parents, hipsters and representation of various races, ethnicities, and generations. I want to reiterate...this is a really fantastic idea. They have one monthly until the end of Spring I believe. If you get a chance, I recommend you check it out.
I am so sad to say that in my 27 years of life I have only been here twice. Once while I was a child and did not appreciate it, and second time for the Geek Awards.

During the cocktail party at the Geek Awards they let you wander around. From bugs to dinosaurs these are the things you often overlooked as a child on a class trip, but I absorbed everything and thought it was awesome. My favorite part was the butterfly exhibit, the woman who was working there was very informative and friendly and the butterflies were amazing. There were so many that I had never seen before. I do wish I was dressed more appropriately though because it was very hot and humid in there so I would wear something light and then a sweatshirt over it if you get chilly. Another great part was the live animals. I believe they are all rescues. The owl was fascinating and the Parrot was funny because he kept dancing. 

Overall it was great and I cannot wait until I can come back and spend more time there.  A huge recommendation if you are ever in Philly.
I finally went to the Academy of Natural Sciences the other day with the family for the Dinosaurs Unearthed exhibit. It was pretty cool. I felt like I was in Jurassic Park. The museum itself is small, but I think it has a lot to offer. The section for children needs some updating, as many of the toys there look old and extremely overused. Then again, I guess it's expected when you have toddlers beating up on things.
I loved going here when I was a kid, and I came back a year ago, as well as yesterday. It's still a really cool place to go. The taxidermy animals are really cool, if a little freaky. When I went yesterday, it was Bug Week, so they had lots of dead and live bugs, including an exhibit of the World's Assasins (the most dangerous spiders, centipedes, etc.) Again, creepy and cool. Each month has a theme, too, so there's lots of rotating exhibits. The staff is very friendly and informative, too. They have a nice, if small, collection of dinosaurs (including one wearing a birthday hat for their bicentennial--it was hilarious. We also saw a live show of a beekeeper who made a beard out of bees--it was crazy! Finally, there was the butterfly room which is always  cool to see (but warm to go into.)

This is a great place to take young kids (K-6 I'd say), but I'm 23 and still get a kick out of the Academy.
This is a picture-perfect museum for kids (and, of course, adults as well because who doesn't like dinosaurs?). It is filled with dioramas, dinosaurs, fossils, geodes, gemstones, artifacts, mini-documentaries, and activities in which kids can engage and learn. It is the type of place I loved as a child when I used to memorize the name of every sort of reptilian creature, and that same rush of memories flooded me when I entered the door and first gazed upon the dinosaurs in all their grandeur. There is also a butterfly room which is full of beautiful butterflies and moths that fly around you. Lovely opportunity for some photography. And we checked out the mythic creatures exhibit featuring information on dragons, unicorns, and other creatures of yore. Definitely a great activity for the whole family!
A museum on the smaller size. Definitely worth going on a cheaper or free day. One thing I love is lots of professors and college students actually work in the building on natural science research. Go to the live animal meet and greets offered through our the day. Probably the coolest part is just the two dinosaurs outside. Inside is bones and taxidermy for the most part.
Typical museum, unfortunately the best part was the dinosaurs, and they're claiming that's a limited time exhibit. 

The upstairs is the typical stuffed animal displays. Some of them are interactive. There's the Pangea exhibit where they show you animatronic dinosaurs, and where they came from. 

All of the staff was super friendly, and I have no complaints. Hopefully they keep the dinosaurs.
We took our 2 teenagers and 2 toddlers here. Everyone had a great time. The museum is filled with tons of informative information and we learned a lot. 

Pros: Educational and interesting for a large age range. Free craft bags for the kids. 

Cons: Full price entry but multiple exhibits are closed. I counted at least 4 major exhibits. We paid a discounted rate because we came in after 3pm but had we paid full price, I would have felt like we didn't get our money's worth. 

I think there is a great opportunity to add more interactive options. Not all kids learn the same way and we had to read almost everything to the younger ones. (5 and 3) 

These days, most museums offer more interaction in their exhibits which increase learning capabilities. 

Overall it was money with spent and our kids had a blast. The staff was super nice. The museum was clean. One of the 2 bathroom stalls were out of order. 

Nearby street parking and when you leave, you can cross the street and cool down in the fountain.
What a gem!  This place is great for kids and adults. Although seeing animals at the zoo is great but this place provides a different experience for kids. Up close view of realistic animal figures was fascinating for my toddler. We heard a lot of WOWs!!  The butterfly room was great too.
Definitely geared toward children more so than adults but I liked it. It's a small museum that should take no more than two hours to walk through. I especially enjoyed the animal dioramas and detailed information about specific habitats. The geodes were cool as well. 

The highlight of this particular museum was the volunteer named Thomas. He was working with the reptiles and was so kind to treat me to some detailed information. I learned a lot in a relatively short period of time. Thank you again, Thomas! You deserve major accolades.

As far as museums go, this one is slightly above average. I honestly found it a tad pricey considering its limited offerings. I was also disappointed by the fact that the special dinosaur exhibit was an up-charge. And parking is tough! They do not have a garage or lot of their own so you'll have to use the nearby city lots. Beware! It's expensive to park. Walk or Uber if that's a possibility. In short, I think this museum is great for children or if you have limited time. It's enjoyable but definitely a one and done experience. The franklin institute remains my favorite.
