Man oh Man!! Philly really set the bar to what to expect from an Auto Show. I've been attending the auto show that travels in the US since 2012 and I've attended shows (primarily) in DC and also in Detroit. The 2020 Philly Auto Show was my first time attending it in Philly... and I'm so glad I did. 

Unlike DC's 2020 show, Philly did not disappoint! More car manufacturers were in attendance, to include my favorite car, the Audi R8!! The selection of classic cars was the most I've ever witnessed. A lot of history, class, and customization was presented with the plethora of classic cars.

They were able to host the entire event on one floor inside the Convention Center. The staff was friendly and the ticket lines were particularly nonexistent. 

All in all this was my best experience at an Auto Show... so well, that I will probably make the drive back to Philly next year.
~2019 Review~

A convention center that is filled with that sensational new car smell? Sign me up! 

My better half and I are car enthusiasts and we enjoyed perusing the new and throwback vehicles on display at the Philadelphia Auto Show. We arrived around 4:30 PM on Saturday (2/2) and we were able to comfortably walk around without the hassle of battling large crowds. In addition to the ability to get up close and personal with many sexy vehicles, there were ample snack and drink stations (beers will run you about $8), as well as ample bathrooms throughout the center (Small Bladder Club unite)! 

My only gripe was the absence of Cadillac at this event. We were disappointed to learn that both Cadillac and BMW passed on having any presence here. We were quite surprised that two luxury brands would decide to not take advantage of this marketing opportunity. So much for parking my ass in a brand-new Escalade for a few minutes. Boo! 

This was a fun event to take in some visual stimulation while getting some exercise!
We like to come to the auto show every few years and since we were in the market for a new car this year, decided to go on Super Bowl Sunday. Turned out to be a good day to go as it wasn't very crowded and at most we waited a minute or so to jump into a car. I feel like the event has gotten a bit smaller over the years. Several manufacturers were not there like BMW, Cadillac, Mini, and Jaguar. We spent about three hours checking out the cars we were interested in. We also did the Jeep experience, where they take you for a ride on their indoor course going up and down steep hills, rough terrain, etc. Our boys really enjoyed the ride! We take the train to Jefferson station and walk right up to the show so it makes it real easy. In addition to the main cars, they also had cars from different movies as well as some classic cars and high-end cars that I can only dream about! Sadly, you can only look at those high-end cars from afar. A few manufacturers did have an ability to test drive their cars, but we opted not to do this. If you are in the market for a car and not sure what you want, it's a great way to see a bunch of cars in a short period of time. We now have our short list of cars to go test drive.
I don't know how this wasn't already a listing on yelp. 

So, I've been to this car show a few times over the last decade. It's held in the Convention Center, which is large and easy to walk through. They finally have a free shuttle service; parking in Philadelphia is not cheap.

The overall event isn't that bad but I feel like it's more about car dealerships just selling cars. I do like that the show has areas to showcase older cars and exotics. 

I can't really say much more but I'll upload some pictures.
It's was a lot of fun going to the Philly Auto Show after ages. I have to say, you do get good value for the money. It is $15/person for entry and you can get stamped so you go out for lunch and come back again. That's $15 for a couple of hours of entertainment.

The cars are good and it didn't get too crowded when we were there. Open and spacious setting of cars.
This review is for the 2019 Philly Auto Show.  It was my first auto show in a long time.  The layout was good and really liked how they fit the jeep experience track into the auto show.  They also had classic cars if that was your thing.  Looking forward to seeing the line-up of the 2020 cars. 
If you haven't been to an auto show and you're a car enthusiast, I suggest you go to the 2020 show.
Here are the dates: 
February 8 - 17, 2020
Saturday, 2/8: 9am - 10pm
Sunday, 2/9: 9am - 8pm
Monday - Friday, 2/10 - 2/14: 12pm - 10pm
Saturday, 2/15: 9am - 10pm
Sunday, 2/16: 9am - 8pm
Monday, 2/17 (Presidents' Day): 9am - 5pm
Came to the show on Valentines Day about 2:30 in the afternoon. I haven't been for maybe 20 years. Perhaps because it was Valentines Day, or the Friday of Presidents Day Weekend, the crowd was fairly light.....not my memory of years ago of shuffling down crowded aisles. 

I enjoyed it, my 13 yo especially liked looking inside and outside the cars. Some big brands like BMW and Mercedes weren't there, but there were plenty of other specialty cars, cars from movies, etc that it still took us nearly 4 hours to see everything. 

A two block walk to Chinatown for dinner and 2 blocks to the train rounded out a really enjoyable experience.
Something that we look forward to every year even though we're not "car people". You never know, though, when you might need to replace your existing car, whether it is your decision (repair) or not (an accident).

This year we tried going during the week nights and found it much better, less crowded. We've been on Super Bowl Sunday/football playoff days in the past in the hopes that it would be less crowded, but there was often a lot of kids.

I also think it was better this year since it was open until 10 (I believe in the past it was only open until 9). 

They also offered a half-price ticket program in advance this year on a select date that was great.

Only thing funny is that it seems like every year is the crazy amount of static electricity we get from walking on the rugs and then touching the cars, must be something about the dryness or something with all of the cars.
