This is a neighborhood cigar shop in Chestnut Hill that has a nice variety of good cigars and other tobacco products at reasonable prices. They also have a comfy smoke room in the rear of the store equipped with nice leather sofas and a large TV.
 The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable about cigars and they will gladly help you find the perfect cigar for your tastes. Me and my buddy Dennis went there to have a cigar and eventhough it was a holiday they were open at usual business hours. The last time I was there it was Memorial Day and the staff were grilling some hamburgers and hot dogs and they share them with all the customers. Did I mentioned that they also sell fine wine? Another good reason to visit this lovely establishment. They are open 7 days a week until 8 pm, plenty of time for you to enjoy the best of all bad habits.
While supping at the annual Hipster Home zep-fest, enjoying good friends, beers, and the mythical zep, I was in my happy place.  Everything was perfect...weather, laughter, the fading sun...but something was missing.  At almost the same time, Chris V., Jim H., and myself looked at each other and said..."cigars."

Thankfully, just down the street was Bnb Cigars.  A small mom & pop tobacco shop, it was filled with regulars looking for a place to buy their favorites and smoke them without their wives, girlfriends, nanny-state, or other emasculating influences telling them not to.

So, we few, we happy few, we band of brothers trodded off to Hipster Home, cigars in hand, and joyfully puffed away, restoring our man-hood.
Great local place that has a large selection of cigars. They also have a smoking lounge in the back which is pretty cool. Big screen TV too.
I come here when visiting friends in my old neighborhood. This is better than the old tabacco place in the Hill, in my opinion. Greater selection of cigars.

The selection is great. More variety than I am used to in the city save going downtown.

We generally pick up a bottle from the spirits shop nearby and go to the smoking room in back for some great catching up, sipping, and good smoke.
