This corner banh mi shop is not much to look at.  Maybe 150 square feet with only 2 tables for eating in, and the rest of the space totally utilitarian for the production of Vietnamese fast food.  There is a wall menu with photos of their offerings and a cooler full of fruit for their various smoothies.  The ladies of the house are pleasant, courteous and very deferential.  I love that they bowed when they delivered my food. 

My Spring Roll arrived after the Banh Mi, but that was of no concern.  They were 5 lightly fried, tightly wrapped, logs full of ground shrimp and pork with veggie filler.  The dipping sauce was clear with a sweet vinegar taste. Very nice.  

The Banh Mi was loaded with BBQed Pork, Cucumber, Carrot, Cilantro and a good Peanut Dipping Sauce.  The Roll was not quite a crusty baguette, but was fresh and complementarily soft and chewy as the palette on which the other flavors were painted.  Quite good. 

Banh Mi Cali is primarily a take out joint for those wanting a good sandwich or one of their many handspun smoothies or bubble teas.  Still, as a solo traveler this night, it suited me perfectly as the place to relax with a good light meal in a small corner of Vietnam.
When you need a quick meal and you are in or near Chinatown, Banh Mi Cali is a good place to know.  This Vietnamese take-out place offers a variety of tasty Banh Mis.  Though they are made to order (which is good of course) your order never takes too long to prepare.  One of my favorite Banh Mis here is the Vietnamese sausage.  Its flavorful and filling at the same time.  I'm sure I'll grab another Banh Mi at Banh Mi Cali before too long.
Small shop right at the corner of 9th and Arch. They have a very extensive menu and super cheap prices! You can get a banh mi sandwich for $4.50 and it as big as a foot long. I tried the bbq pork as well as the tofu banh mi and they were both really flavorful and delicious. The meat (or tofu) and the vegetables taste really fresh. The place is very small but they do have a few tables set up for dining in. Great spot with you want quick, cheap and flavorful Vietnamese food!
When you are tired of the ever emerging bubble tea and smoothie storm happening right now in Chinatown and you want some old school Vietnamese ice coffee of the jet fuel variety, Banh Mi Cali is the jawn.  They also have bubble tea and smoothies. I like to get stuff from here as often as I can. 

When I say I, I mean- I send my wife here all the time to pick me up some. When she brings it back it is all that I hope for... strong, rich, and delicious. 

Supporting small business every chance we get for this Mom and Pop shop!!!
By far best banh mi in philly! Sandwiches were made fresh to order and the bread was toasted. I ordered the pork and barbecue chicken banh mi and both were delicious. Also, the lady who worked there was the nicest lady ever! Definitely will be go to spot!
Stopped by to pick up a bahn mi to go before my bus back home from Philly. This is a small hidden gem in the tip of Chinatown. You can tell that it's authentic when you walk in and you hear the owners of the shop speak vietnamese while playing vietnamese music in the background. You can find sandwiches for less than $5 here which is super affordable! I wish I picked up more before I went back home but based on the one I got, it was enough to land them a 5 star rating on yelp. 

I got the BBQ Pork Bahn Mi which is #4 on the menu. It came out to $4.75. I got it spicy as well. It took a couple minutes for them to make my sandwich even though I was the only customer so I assumed they were making it fresh. When I finally received my bahn mi, it was still hot. I could not wait till I got home to NYC to finally try the bahn mi. I tried it first thing when I got home after a 3 hour trip home. There was a generous amount of pork in the bahn mi and the spicy sauce that went inside of the bahn mi was what really made the sandwich great. Would definitely recommend this hole in the wall for someone who is in need of a bahn mi fix. 

FYI this is a cash only store!
Had the BBQ Pork Banh Mi - a very flavorful sandwich and bread was really fresh. The lady behind the counter was very friendly and courteous. Worth a stop if you're in Chinatown even on a busy Saturday. An  inexpensive and rare find!
Bahn Mi are ok here. The bread is fresh, and the amount on the sandwich is fine. I still want to find one that uses the wonderful pate that I crave on the bahn mi.
i was stuck working the art book fair two days in a row...there was promise of several food trucks but that promise was broken. the first day we waited past 1pm to finally inquire about the food trucks. they told us that the first one cancelled and the second one would be opening around 2pm. k...so we waited until 230pm...got over it and grabbed some banh mi's. coworker got bbq pork, i got chicken. it was delicious. we started a trend. soon everyone at the fair walked out and back in with banh mi's. the food truck ended up opening around 4pm! 

the second day, again there was just one food truck and most people didn't like the option so we all opted for banh mi's around the corner again. the cute little vietnamese lady is so friendly and their banh mi's are really good. prices also make the place great. two banh mi's, bottled water and bottled diet coke came out to $11 total!

they also have a vegetarian option :)
There's 7 folding seats here, on two tables and 4 on the bar ledge thing on the window. It's on the corner of 9th and arch, really close to the 8th and market Patco stop.

I got a BBQ pork banh mi sandwich for 4.75, as per recommendation of some other yelp review. It looked like one of those skinny foot long sub breads you get at some places, but it was prob about 7-8 inches long. I also got a Vietnamese flan for 2 dollars. 

The flan was thicker and creamier than it looked, but had the expected syrupy goodness on the bottom. The flan portion itself wasn't super sweet which I liked. It looks like it was made directly into the paper cup bowls they had, since the top of the flans skin started to scrunch up. This is probably from the sides of the flan sticking to the ends of the cup as it cooled, which kinda implies it was poured in hot.

The sandwich itself was fresher than I expected. And honestly, together with the flan I was more satiated than I was expecting to be. I really wanted some banh mi and this was the closest one that I saw on yelp.

There's no bathroom but there is a sink for you to wash your hands in. Which is a total+++ for me. I'm kinda a messy eater and love rinsing off my hands after fooding.

The place itself is quite small and it looks like a cute little local mom and pop store. There are plants and figures scattered around the store, typical for little old Asian ladies to do. However, it does show that their business doesn't seem to be as great as it could be. Stop gap fixes like the styrofoam backing to prevent the chairs from scuffing up the wall, and the janky door that doesn't close all the way by itself shows the gradual dilapidation of local mom and pop stores as 'mom the pop' get older. The store front starts becoming less store front and more storage. Function over form.

While I was eating there, the (presumably) 'pop' mentioned to the 'mom' how they needed to get the door fixed as it was letting the cold air in. It was kind of saddening. 

It's stores like these that I believe people should support, favoring local places instead of chains. What's the point of visiting somewhere if you're going to get something you could just get at home? Gotta have the local experience man. 

And for 4.75 that sandwich was damnnnnn cheap. Try it out!
The owner was very pleasant and answered all of our questions.  The fresh fruit smoothy was delicious,  you have the option  to  add bubbles.  Tried the vegetarian Bahn mi and the one with pate and ham.  Crispy bread and nicely spiced.  Bahn mi was $4, smoothie with fresh strawberries, mango and banana $3.50. Not a restaurant, more of a take out place with very limited seating.
This is a cash-only, mom & pop, banh mi store in which almost everything is made in order and served piping hot. While the service speed may not compare with that of an efficient assembly line, the quality and quantity of the food is definitely top notch. We had the bbq pork banh mi and it was served on a sub-foot long french baguette and all of the trimmings associated with the banh mi. If you're hungry, have about $5-7 to spare and are willing to wait about 8-10 minutes for a sandwich, then this is the place for you!
I loved this restaurant. Maybe it's because I'm a vegetarian and all I really want in life is spicy sandwiches full of tofu with fluffy bread for $4. Those vegetarian spring rolls (also stuffed full of tofu) were fantastic too!  Thank you, super nice Vietnamese ladies for filling this vegetarian full of delicious, healthy, cheap food!
For fast, friendly, affordable, consistently good take out style Viet hoagie or noodle platter, this is perfect place.
No one here speaks a lot of English, there is no place to sit, and they're cash only but PLEASE do not let that put you off!  Their chicken bahn mi is seriously fantastic.
Really good cheap sandwich. The Vietnam special was very flavorful with tasty pate. The gentleman at the counter was very friendly. A great place to go for a Classic Vietnamese sandwich.
This is the perfect place to stop for food after wallowing in the slow motion hell that is the PennDOT driver's license center.  It's right across the street.  After being in there, you will definitely want to eat some delicious food and forget all that you witnessed inside.

The man at the counter was very friendly and warm.  I ordered the vegetarian bahn mi and decided to try the homemade Vietnamese yogurt.  I had no idea what Vietnamese yogurt was, or how it differed from other types of yogurts, but it definitely was tasty.   Not too sweet with a sour tang.  It tasted healty.   The bahn mi was on a chewy roll.  I'm not sure if that's my preference, I think I prefer a crispy baguette, but nonetheless, it was a good hoagie.  Perfectly spicy with fried chunks of tofu and vegetables. 

The prices are very reasonable.  Cash only.
The sandwiches are ok, not the best banh mi I've ever had, especially for $4-5. If you wants real banh mi, just go to Washington Ave in South Philly and you can get a great sandwich for $3.50.
The lady there is certainly nice, so I'm not complaining about the service, but the sandwiches themselves are meh.
I got the BBQ pork sandwich, and there wasn't that much meat, and it was a bit too sweet. There was not any pate that is signature of bahn mi sandwiches, and no peppers (although they did have pickled carrots and daikon and cucumbers). Instead of the spice coming from the peppers, they just add sriracha, which I think is a cop out.
I love banh mi, so this place isn't too bad if you just want a sandwich from a convenient location, but the sandwiches could be a lot better.
I had a Banh Mi craving and was in Chinatown so stopped by Banh Mi Cali since I heard good things. The shop is small but has a very extensive menu (sandwiches, platters, boba) and a well stocked drink case. The woman who rang me up was so sweet and nice. 

My combo with ham was delicious. The bread was very good, flaky and light, and the fillings were fresh and generous. I wish it had more veggies for crunch but was overall happy. I'll definitely come back for a banh mi. Cash only and you can get one free if you buy 5 sandwiches- great for a lunch run!
Don't let its looks fool you! I've been a frequent customer of Banh Mi Cali since I moved to Chinatown area years ago and have developed a good relationship with the owner, who is the sweetest lady on Earth.

I'll have to say that some of the Vietnamese dishes (like the rice vermicelli with bbq pork dishes) aren't what I'm typically used to in authentic Vietnamese cuisine but they all taste pretty good. They're probably her own home recipes that she's been making for years before she opened this place and the dishes really do give me a very home cooked meal vibe.

As far as the banh mis go... I've been very disappointed by the bread at other banh mi establishments in Chinatown. Often I've seen banh mis made on a soft hoagie roll that looks like its from amorosos but not at Banh Mi Cali! I think it may have the best bread for banh mis in Chinatown and the bread is one of the most important parts! Try the traditional Vietnamese cold cut or the meatball banh mi if you want a more authentic taste. But if you're weary then the BBQ pork and the sausage ones are also pretty good. And don't forget to get the Vietnamese iced coffee to go along with your meal! Warning: don't have it in the evening if you're trying to get to bed early.
Since I really don't do much pork my bahn mi selections are usually bbq chicken or vegetarian.
Discovered this place while out for lunch during jury duty

The chicken bahn mi is very good. Not served on a baguette, they use Liscio's rolls. Definitely tasty and worth the $4.50. Skip the summer rolls, which were not much more than noodles lettuce, 2 very thin slices of shrimp balls, and a forgettable sauce. Do get the homemade yogurt,  which is a little sweet, and made from condensed & "American" milk according to the owner. They also offer various noodle dishes which are pictured on the wall.

Expect friendly, fast service. Very small inside. Although I used to go to QT, I find this place has bigger sandwiches that cost less, and are just as tasty. If you're in Chinatown, and are craving a solid bahn mi, I say give this place a chance
I finally decided to stop by and try this place.  Actually I've tried it 2x already and the second time was better.  I got the bahn mi of course.  The special, bbq chicken and grilled beef/pork I think.  The rolls they use are chewy which I actually liked.  The filling wasnt as much as the other places but was good.  I did ask for extra pickled veggies and they didnt charge me extra for it which is a plus.  The lady behind the counter was delightful to deal with.  I would come back to this place again.  Its not the best but far from being the worst i've had.   Give it a try, you might like it.

Happy eatings!!
Their Viet iced coffee is ON POINT--perfect combination of strong coffee, condensed milk, and ice. My sister had the mango smoothie, which was delicious and freshly made with mangoes. They had the sweetness level done right, which is to say, not too much.

Later in the day, we came back for their classic banh mi, which is reasonably priced ($4 each--comparable to Orange County prices)  and made the traditional way. It had all the right components, with lots of of meat. 

A couple of quibbles that made this place 4-star instead of 5-star: there was so much pate that the sandwich tasted too salty, and there wasn't enough pickled carrots/daikon in there in comparison to the meat (I'm sure they would have added more if we'd requested it, but since we had the sandwiches to go, we didn't see this until later.) 

Having said that, this is one of the best banh mi shops that I've been to on the east coast. I talked to the owner, who said that she'd lived in Little Saigon for a dozen years before moving to Philly, so she knows what she's doing. I'll be coming back here any time I'm in the city!
!!! This place is it.

I've been looking for that hole in the wall, authentic, family owned Vietnamese shop to get my bahn mi fix.

Well folks, the look is over! Bahn Mi Cali provided everything I was looking for. Great prices, good quality sandwiches and the sweetest lady/man to top it off. 

Definitely going to make this a frequent pit stop.
Ok let me start by saying im very particular abt banh mi, and I never really stray from s philly for my fix. But this place is around the corner from my new job, and I was hungry and broke. Banh mi is always the go to in that situation.

Pros: great service, quick turnaround, prices on point ($4 for vegetarian banh mi).  Bread was warm, toasty on outside, soft on inside. And they have the option to go spicy (that should be the default imo but ya know).

Now is where it gets dicey. There was almost no tofu on the thing, and way too much carrot/daikon mix. The carrots werent very crisp, and the tofu was downright mushy. That would be fine if the carrots added crispness.  It was sweet, and by no means spicy (could just be the particular pepper I got), and missed that characteristic fish sauce fermented flavor I get on a lot of the s philly ones. 

Its a solid 3.5 star banh mi place. And id gladly go again if im in chinatown and need a quick, close fix. And in other cities, this would be a 4 star and above place. But its just not the best philly has to offer.
This is a tiny little place with few seating. This place is a perfect example of not to judge a book by its cover. I had the chicken Banh Mi and omg it was the best. Really good food and the woman working there is really sweet too. And the price is 5$ but the food is worth so much more.
So glad I stumbled upon his gem! This place offers a buy 5 banh mi, get 1 free deal. At $4.5-5 a banh mi, this place is an absolute steal! It's cash only but don't let that deter you. I only tried the bbq pork banh mi but I was pleasantly surprised by the taste (slightly sweet) and perfect crunchiness of the bread. The owners are incredibly sweet and I'll definitely be back!
I discovered this place a few years ago, and their food is still amazing. Their food is pretty cheap when compared to other places but I think it's the best! Just make sure to call ahead of time to order, and make sure you have cash when you're paying !
Want cheap lunch with great taste and texture ? Come here! Very friendly service and cheap prices.. Quick turn around even it's busy! Make sure to try the summer rolls, you're welcome
There appears to be only one vegetarian option (fried tofu) but it's a home run. The tofu was fried but not greasy, the bread was perfectly, the toppings were spot on, and the size was enough for two meals (or to share with a friend) . Quick and friendly service. Note that it is cash only.
Cheap and delicious banh mis. Their bread is delicious and has the perfect crunch to it. Super small shop, so once you order they do have a sign that request you wait outside. I recommend calling ahead to place your order. They do have a special of buy 5 banh mis, get 1 free (great deal). I typically get their Vietnamese ham hoagie and it's delicious. It's pretty big and overall such a great value. The pate and their bread really makes it something special. Their fried spring rolls are pretty great too. Remember to bring cash since they don't accept card. They don't really have definitive hours listed, but when I went on a Friday they said they close at 7pm.
Honestly the best hole in the wall bang mi around. I like my original banh mi and it was absolutely delicious. Reminded me of Vietnam. The old lady in there is also very sweet. It's nice to support mom and pops restaurants.
I was having a craving for Bahn Mi and so I called ahead to order for pick up. After 10 mins walk, I got my BBQ Pork Bahn mi as soon as I arrived. 

The protion size is decent. The bun is slightly toasted, so it's crunchy on the outside. Veggies are fresh and BBQ pork was very flavorful! I finished it so quickly that I didn't get a chance to take a picture of the delicious Bahn mi.
