On a blustery yet beautiful sunny day, I went searching for William Bartram. Like most of my ideas, this adventure began with a nugget of thought, and then the research took over until I ended up at Bartram's Garden in Philadelphia. Being a nature photographer, I wanted to check out the home of a family full of nature lovers, and discover this amazing historical garden. 

William Bartram was born in 1739 and his family lived in Kingsessing, which was where Philadelphia was at the time. His father, John Bartram, was a well-renowned botanist; he created a catalogue of seeds, started an international trade seed and shipped them to clients in Britain. William was an explorer, writer, botanist, naturalist and artist. He wrote Travels in 1791 about his adventures through the American South and he was the first modern writer to portray nature. 

My day trip started with an easy drive to Philadelphia with Bartram's Garden just a short exit off the turnpike. I arrived on a Sunday morning right after opening. Bartram's Garden is a 45-acre National Historic Landmark, and when I first stepped out of my car and looked across the property, I was excited to see the skyline of Philadelphia's Center City in the distance across the water. This was my first time visiting Philly so I was hungry to take in every new sight.

I knew my first stop would be to check out the Welcome Center and purchase tickets for the tours. Bartram's Garden has two 45-minute guided tours available: House Tour and Garden Tour ($12/adults, $10/seniors--youth, free/2 and under). I conversed with the young woman at the desk, asked some questions and then proceeded to look around the grounds before my first tour would start. 

The grounds are free to the public and open year-round except for city-observed holidays. The Welcome Center and guided tours are offered April through December. Aside from strolling through the beautiful property and having a picnic, there are artists' workshops, musical performances and other arts and culture programs throughout the year.  

While wandering around, I came upon The Ann Bartram Carr Garden, which was named after the granddaughter of John Bartram. This is the main garden in front of the house and welcomes you to the rest of the property. Ann was the one who created their 19th century exhibition garden and was the first public green space at Bartram's Garden. She knew other gardens were becoming popular so she decided to make theirs unique. Making exotics her specialty, she grew her own hybrid camellias and dahlias. At its peak, the garden featured ten greenhouses, over 1,400 native plants and 1,000 exotics.

During my tour, I found out that Ann had quite a knack for botany and drawing. Her Uncle William spent a lot of time teaching her the same skills and passions that he did. Due to the times, Ann's talents were not acknowledged like her uncle and grandfather. Despite that, she was one of the first women to run a gardening business, and what really impressed me was her passion for sharing her love of nature. Being a woman, I can appreciate the courage she had to be a pioneer. 

Sadly, due to financial difficulties, the property was sold in 1850. Today, Bartram's Garden is managed by John Bartram Association, which was created by descendants of John Bartram back in 1893, in cooperation with Philadelphia Parks and Recreation.

I started that day thinking I would find out more about William Bartram but instead my adventure gave me much, much more. I went searching for William, but my journey brought me to Ann.
Easily one of Philly's best kept historic secrets. But then again it's not every day you have to drive through a slightly shady area to reach the oldest surviving botanic garden in North America. And it is so worth it, and not just because you can walk through an area that George Washington, Benjamin Franklin, and Thomas Jefferson have been in.

Bartram's Garden is a modern day Eden in the center of an area that Edward does a slightly better job of documenting than I (don't bring armed people, just a good car and your fine). It contains such wonders as a ginkgo tree that is believed to be the last of the 3 originals that were planted in the US, and the Franklinia which was last seen in the wild in 1803. you can also check out many rare plants and herbs, bask in front of a koi pond, and take in an immaculate river side view. And you can either do a guided tour for $5, or savor it on your own for free.

It's so amazing that I can't believe it's in Philadelphia. Yet if you wander a bit to the side of the first batch of trees in the parking lot, you can get what might just be on of the best photo ops of the city skyline!
My first visit to Bartram's Garden was this past weekend for a wedding. I was surprised to see that all of the beautiful flowers were still very much in bloom, in late October. The private event space was perfectly set up for the ~ 100 person wedding. 

The ceremony was set up over looking the river, with beautiful foliage in the background. The reception was in the heated tent. The layout of the tent allows guests to see out to the river, which is a beautiful back drop while it was still light out.

I can't wait to return to Bartram's Garden to explore the various trails!
I like to go places where you are forced to think because things don't make sense or where you have an experience that is paradoxical and coming to Bartram's Garden certainly fits that bill.  On one hand you have this urban oasis of quiet, calm and peacefulness but encroaching  around that serenity in every corner is urban blight at it's worst, railroads and refineries.

I could give you some long drawn out history of John Bartram the crazy Quaker without a formal education who was named the "Royal Botanist" by King George III or of his son William who continued his father's work but the below links explain the origin of the site and the Bartram family better than I ever could.

www.smithsonianmag.com/history/the-story-of-bartrams-garden-13572809/
www.visitphilly.com/outdoor-activities/philadelphia/bartrams-garden/
www.ushistory.org/tour/bartrams-garden.htm

If you want a great review check out my Yelp bro Carissa K.   
Her write up is must read material before making a visit to the site. 


If you go:

Bartram's is open daily year round from dawn until dusk.  The welcome center is where guided tours are offered Thursday through Sunday from the first week in April to the first week in December.  The welcome center is open Monday-Friday 10-4 and on weekends from 10-6. 

Tours are $12 per adult and $10 per senior/youth.  Noteworthy is that the 1pm & 3pm tour of the garden and 12pm & 2pm of the Bartram House are 100% optional.  The beauty of coming here is that it can be as free as you want it to be.  A good idea would be to also check their website calendar as there are tons of events & activities going on all the time.

bartramsgarden.org/visit/tours/
bartramsgarden.org/explore/
bartramsgarden.org/calendar/

One other word to the wise at least based on my ideal of common sense.  While there are a few opportunities to walk around the grounds and on the Bartram's Mile trail, I would be hesitant to venture too far off the beaten path as the area around The Garden is at least to me a bit on the rough side to put it mildly.
John and William Bartram are my literary heroes. No, I'm not kidding.. these guys were badasses. Seriously!!

The Bartrams were Quakers and the first English subjects to catalog flora and fauna in America. They kept journals about their adventures exploring America when it a wild and savage land. They befriended Native Americans.. no really.. they were friends. Quakers believed in religious tolerance and didn't try to convert anybody. It was also the creed of PA and why so many people of different religions chose to settle in Philadelphia instead of around the crazy Puritans in Boston.

Anyways.. the Bartrams sold their drawings and stories to magazines in London. It was a big sensation. No one had ever heard of a skunk or an alligator let alone seen a picture of one. They began cataloging seeds and selling them to distributors in London. Later they founded the first Botanical Garden in the United States. Farming and Agriculture was the cornerstone of American economy in the 1700's.. it was so important that the first Continental Congress took a whole day off work to explore Bartram's garden and examine his trees. George Washington and Thomas Jefferson purchased trees from the Bartrams for Mount Vernon and Monticello respectively. The trees that remain in the Bartram's garden are some of the oldest recorded trees in the United States. 

Sadly, the neighborhood that the Bartram's estate is located in has fallen into disrepair. Don't let that stop you from visiting. This place needs all the support they can get. Take the paid tour and let them explain to you how massive that house was for a 1700's home. Take into account they only have ONE gardener who tries to take care of the whole place and they dont' get much money to stay open from the Parks service. Buy stuff in the gift shop.. they need your tourist dollar. Might I add, they make their own honey from their own beehives. Tasty stuff. Buy some!!  I also recommend buying a copy of Bartram's Travels in the book store. Adventure at its finest. He was a great writer and way more exciting than Shakespeare. Its TRUE... better!!  Go read it and then try to tell me I'm wrong. Just try.. you wont' be able to! He was the original bad ass beating up attacking alligators with a club because he didn't want to waste bullets hahaha
Tucked away in deep Southwest Philly, this little oasis offers up some respite from the hustle and bustle of Center City - all without having to leave city limits! 

The area is carved out by the river. Theres a lot going on from an outdoors perspective, offering trails to walk, bike, free boating on summer Saturdays, fishing (with proper licensing), and so much more for all members of the fam. There's a working farm on site as well!

I came here to check out the boating and was glad I was able to take on the experience. They have free rentals on Saturdays during the summer from 11AM - 3PM. They have options for both canoeing and kayaking. I chose to kayak and enjoyed the experience! The instructors are great with setting you up, and for beginners they do offer basic instructions. 

There's a few spots for parking on site, so if one lot is full, you can continue down to another site down the trail to try your luck. 

There's also a great welcome center and gift shop! Lots of information to look over, learn of the history of area, and also find a momento to take back with you. There are also some restrooms in the area. 

Overall, solid place to check out and come back to - especially since entrance is free!
Bartram's Garden is a really charming little place. The neighborhood isn't THAT bad. But either way, it's certainly an oasis in the middle of an area that's not the prettiest.

We came at an odd time of the year; some things were flowering, but a lot of the flowers were beginning to fade. Still, it's gorgeous, and I get the feeling that in the fall or the high summer of June or July it's even prettier. The Garden is a few acres of grounds of varying varieties: manicured, gorgeous gardens right outside of the Bartram's house, and then larger, slightly wilder gardens with wood chip paths running through them, some picnic areas, and even a beach. 

Observed were: a dead frog, several varieties of butterfly attracting gardens, an area right by the river with very neat wooden platforms that reminded me vaguely of the Myst computer game, and the flowering Franklina, probably prettier than Benjamin Franklin, its namesake, could ever have hoped to be.

Even the museum and shop are quaint and charming, selling homemade sparkling apple cider, fudge, and maps of 1777 Philadelphia!

I wish we had worn long pants and better shoes so we could have done some off-road exploring, because although what we saw was beautiful, the grounds are HUGE, and probably a great way to spend a day with nature.
I have a confession:  I spent my early years of life about 2 miles from here.  I had to use GPS to find it.  In my defense, it's tucked away behind some public housing, and the signs back then were probably bad.  Also, I was six when we moved away.  

As an adult returning to Philly after years away, I'd heard mention of this place many times.  Somehow, I never got around to checking it out until dear friend & fellow Yelper Dee M invited me to "Balkans at Bartram", an annual Slavic food & music festival.  

I am so glad we went.   Entering the grounds means traveling under a railroad bridge.  I felt transported from the busy city to magical woods & fields.   The only hints that we were still in the city were the sounds of the occasional freight train and a spectacular view of Center City across the river.  

The grounds are a mix of wood, fields and riverfront docks.  There's a working vegetable garden and lovely planted beds.  There are original buildings from the estate, a visitor center, and a very large and gorgeous permanent party tent.  As in, if I got married again, that's where I'm going.  Even the port-a-potties were high end, nicer than most plumbed bathrooms.  

The trails were well maintained, though not particularly well lit after dark.  Bring a flashlight if you're attending an evening event.  General public access closed at dusk. 

Oh, and they always have a variety of native plants for sale by the visitor center.  Homage to John Bartram, father of modern botany.  

There are many events from free movie nights to rowboats and fishing. There's a boat dock so you Dan launch your own kayak.  Oh, and it's free admission. 

Accessible public transit by trolley that stops at Lindbergh & 54th.  It is not a great neighborhood so be sensible and safe with your possessions and yourself. 

I am so looking forward to my next visit!
John Bartram was one of our nation's great naturalists. During the 1700's he collected, cataloged and cultivated native plant specimens from the eastern United States. 45 acres- about half of Bartrams original estate has been preserved as a botanical garden of native plants and his home as a museum. The Garden is open from 10-5 every day except holidays, and is free. A guided tour of the museum is offered for a small fee. 

I enjoy going to the Garden when they have special events such as the Native Plant Sale. Some special events such as this have some really fun planned activities and vendors, for which there is a small charge. Since Bartram's Garden is such a sprawling campus (it isn't crammed with themed gardens like Longwood Gardens) it's best enjoyed when they are having special events.  A listing of events is found on the website.  

As previous reviewers have mentioned, the garden is really a hidden gem.  It's located in Southwest Philly (where my family is from) and it's a baaaaaaad neighborhood.  It's easy to get to by  Septa trolley #36, but if you aren't the type that's "comfortable" in the city, I recommend you take your own vehicle.  Once you're on the campus of the garden, you're *ahem* safe, but this isn't a neighborhood where you stop and ask for directions or wanna be wandering around on foot.  But don't be deterred by the shady neighborhood; once you're in the garden, you'll forget you're in the city at all.   A must see for plant lovers.
If you don't know that this place exists, shame on you! This charming 18th century historic site and it's gardens offer much needed respite from the hectic pace of modern life. Just get over the discomfort of having to drive through less-than-appealing blocks of West Philadelphia. Really folks, it's not like you're going to get caught in a drive-by. The winding drive takes you off the beaten path and away from bustling city streets to what can really be described as a botanical oasis. The place was virtually deserted on this sunny Tuesday afternoon as guided tours only take place Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. However, it was nice to be left alone to explore and enjoy the rows of vegetables peeking out from the soil and the variety of flowers and trees. There are placards interspersed throughout to explain the history and heritage of the Bartram family and the grounds. If only the rest of West Philadelphia had been so well-preserved! We took one of the paths down toward the river and found ourselves tip-toeing on rocks to save a floundering fish and picking buttercups in the adjoining meadow. It's lovely to view the steely-grey of the Philadelphia skyline from this idyllic spot. I'd certainly return for a tour and will keep an eye out for their events. Conveniently, they are open everyday 10a-5p (except holidays) and admission is free, unless you plan to take a tour. Another bonus? They do their own plant and seed sale!
How did I forget to review this? Such a peaceful oasis (I know, everyone uses that word, but it's fitting) in the city, filled with great history.

Getting there without a car can be a challenge; the trolley simply rolled past us without stopping at our stop.  They only came once an hour, so we headed outside and called PhillyCarShare to hook us up. All was well again.  

We got to see the old cider press that we'd seen on TV (love Ron Avery's Urban Explorer!).  There are rare and heirloom plants, interesting information, and lovely views.  It's a good place for an afternoon picnic or for an educational field trip.

I loved learning that Bartram would travel along, see a place that looked good, and just plant a garden there.  If I put aside thoughts about destroying the natural landscape or pushing out Native Americans, it's such a romantic story of having a vast land to wander and claim for your horticultural activities. And to his credit, Bartram's work as "the father of American botany" had countless benefits, and his collecting of plants helped scientists around the world.

Highly recommended for locals and tourists alike.
Hands down one of my favorite Philly spots. Bartram's Garden has a lot to offer, and I'm here for it! 

My first visit to Bartram's was a volunteer project, where we cleaned up trash from the banks of the Schuylkill. There's lots of parking and great views of the city from here. I didn't have much time to wander my first time, so I've been back a few more times and the grounds of this place are just beautiful. Lots of lovely flowers and a wide variety of trees and greenery. 

My favorite part about Bartram's Garden is the Community Boat House. With free Kayaking every Saturday from April to October, this is a great opportunity to get out on the water, get some exercise, and have fun at absolutely no cost. (No previous kayaking experience necessary!!)

As a member of the Garden (~$45/ year - not a bad deal!) you get access to some member's only events and activities, like Tuesday night paddling to the South Street Bridge, classes, tours, etc. 

Everyone I've met who works here is so kind and dedicated to the work of preserving this historic place. Bartram's Garden is a seriously underrated.
I love going to gardens! Philly is definitely a garden friendly city and I love that. 
Bartram's is an older garden and it's free to the public! I love that they kept like a older wooden cottage in the middle to give it an old American historic feel. There are free bathrooms on site so don't worry about plant exploring and then needing to find a place to go. 

Plant sales happen frequently and I love that they have all kinds of varieties, not just fancy showy plants but a lot of preservation of original species small and large in the center of the square of that house. 

There are various gardens that preserve the original Philly landscape. If you walk down the path further, you'll stumble on their orchards and vegetable garden. The vegetable gardens are on raised beds and it looks like they were working in an irrigation system for runoff down the pathway to help water these plants. You'll see berries, apple trees, and grape vines neatly tacked onto the wooden posts. 

I think one of the best experiences is the free boating they offer for you to get a great peaceful view of Philly on the Schuyllkill. On Saturdays from May all the way to I think October you can go boating! They provide life jackets and you can either canoe or row boat. Water is peaceful and safe. 

They have a little gift shop that sells local pleasantries and small snacks if you're hungry. You can definitely bring a picnic if you want to sit and enjoy the nature while enjoying a meal with a friend or loved one. 

The nature is very well preserved. We saw a nests of hundreds of tent worms hatching and getting ready to make coccoons so it can get buggy in the summer! Wear pants if you're going to be spending time in the woods or exploring! Bring a guide book if you want to learn the nature as well!
I was pretty excited about checking out Bartram's garden after reading about John Bartrum online and learning about his role in American Botany.  Sadly the current state of Bartram's Garden does very little to reflect this.  

There is a small gift shop where you can register for a tour of the house, which is about an hour long, which was interesting, but I would have liked a little more history with it.  

The garden itself is way smaller than you would think, and provides only 3 or 4 information plaques throughout the entire garden.  There are some interesting things to see, but you look at them and speculate what it was since there is no information near it to explain.

Overall I was happy that I went to check it out, but I was very underwhelmed by the experience.  Go to check it out if you are interested, but don't expect a botanical garden, maybe it used to be, but not anymore.
I love that they offer Free Saturday Public Boating from April-October, 11 am - 3 pm. When I first heard about it from my friend, I thought it was too good to be true...but it's not! Check their Facebook page for updates on weather and river conditions before you go in case it's cancelled for the day.

Parking was no problem and there was a line right when they opened at 11 am the day that I went. I'm really impressed that there are so many wonderful volunteers and that this is so well organized throughout the entire process:
1. Get in line and think about the type of boat you want
2. Sign a waiver form (you just need to do it once per season, so if you go back you can skip this part)
3. Find a life jacket in your size with whistle and get a waterproof pouch for your phone
4. A photographer will take a picture of you and your party (find them on Facebook later!)
5. A volunteer will bring the boat you want out (if available) or if someone is returning to land with the boat you want they'll get it ready for you, teach you basic rowing techniques, and answer your questions (totally cool if it's your first time EVER).
6. There are certain boundaries that they ask you to row between and the time limit is by honor system. You'll see a lot of boats out at once and some volunteers will be out on boats monitoring for safety.

This is such a fun activity for individuals, couples, and big groups and the best part is that you don't have to spend any money! Be sure to thank the volunteers for being outdoors in the heat all day and serving you. :)
Since it was nice out last Sunday, my boyfriend and I decided to check out Bartram's Garden. The neighborhood didn't really creep me out, but my boyfriend (who is from West Philly) kept insisting that it was the hood. Once you're in the garden, though, it's hard to remember that you're in Philadelphia.

Maaaybe it wasn't the best idea to stop by in mid November, when everything is pretty much dead. Even the 65 degree and sunny weather couldn't really make it look beautiful. Nevertheless, it was still a lovely experience. We didn't see a soul who worked there, so we didn't take a tour, but it was really nice just walking around.

The garden is pretty small. It took us maybe 15 minutes to walk around the entire thing. You can see the river, there's a small pond, and plenty of benches and stumps to sit on. I can definitely imagine how it'd be really beautiful in the spring and summer and fully intend on returning to see it.
"America's Oldest Living Botanical Garden"
If you haven't been to Bartram's Garden, you must go!  It is free to wander around but if you want a tour, you need to pay a reasonable price.  It is the most peaceful place in the city, and it's amazing that it has survived this long.  There is free parking and you can also get to it by trolley or bus, heading towards Southwest Philly.  
They have volunteer opportunities, special events, and an annual plant sale.
This place is awesome.  My husband took me here for our 3rd year wedding anniversary as a surprise.  I thought I knew Philly well, but had never heard of this garden.  Although the actual garden was closed due to fallen trees after the storm, we found a secluded spot to chill and chat.  Shout out to Bill B, an employee, who opened up the Museum Shop for us and gave us an impromptu tour.  It was obvious how much he loved the place and was proud of the history, not only of William Bartram, but of Philadelphia itself.  Regarding the neighborhood... I used to be a social worker in this city and it's not even close to being the worst area in Philadelphia.  Get out of your hipster havens and suck it up, folks.
A little bit of history that people seem to pass by. Even though it was cold and the garden was...brown we still had a wonderful time taking the tour and walking around. Our tour guide, Carolyn, took the two of us on a tour that lasted about an hour. It was cool to hear Bartram's story, take a tour of the house and hear little tidbits about the different plants/trees/flowers we did manage to see. Check it out!
Now I have to be honest. My original intention was to visit Bartram's garden and THEN go kayaking, but as I arrived a bit late and wanted to get out on the water, I found their parking lot and called them to see which direction the dock was in. 

The location of the garden itself wasn't hard to find from a few blocks away as there was sufficient signage. And the neighborhood wasn't that bad, despite the picture painted by some. 

After confirming the direction via phone, I proceeded down the trail past some manmade beehives and eventually down to the water. Reading up on the garden I found that they sell their own honey, so I imagine that's the source. The path I took leads you down to the river and a decrepit, half-submerged dock...perfect! I snapped a few photos and settled in the kayak only to slide down rather fast right into the water.

From the unique vantage point of the middle of the Schuylkill River I was able to see a shiny, NEW dock about 400 feet downriver. I still prefer the old one. The current is confusing at times--it was actually harder to paddle downstream towards the Delaware--so make sure Philadelphia is on your right when you embark. 

I found the overall lack of information on this PUBLIC dock (it's one of 2-3 on the lower Schuylkill) so I took the liberty of checking it out for myself, snapping a few pictures, and denoting via Google Maps where they actually are and the paths to reach them. 

http://maps.google.com/maps/ms?hl=en&ie=UTF8&msa=0&msid=104701432559476849129.00048d187f97a456773b2&t=h&z=12

I will definitely make a return visit and this time take a more dedicated look at the garden.
So you ever have those moments when you see/experience something for the first time, and you  thought you were hip and "in the know", and in an instant you are shocked to the reality that you are exactly the opposite, because everyone hip and in the know knew about it before you? Welcome to Bartram's Garden.
I was amazed that Bartram's Garden is as close to Central Philly as it is.  It was just a short bike ride, albeit through some more desolate areas.  

Grab a friend and go visit the gardens.  Pretty place for a walk, but lots of insects.
I am writing specifically about The Little Explorers Class on the first Wednesday of the month! Every month is a different theme! I took my 2 year old daughter for the first time on flowers and bees day and it got me hooked! It's $10 from 10am to about 11:30am for ages 2-4 which is great and just enough time to keep their interest, entertain and educate them and still get the home for lunch and nap time! It was great... First they started off in the building where the colored, read books on flowers, looked at different flowers through magnifying glasses,matched up flash cards with different flowers on them, and had someone showing beeswax and explaining about bees. Then we took a walk through the garden. Looked at, smelled and touched different flowers, visited the lily pond and learned a lot. It was insanely hot out and the instructors had spray bottles to mist the kids with. Then we went back into the air-conditioning for snack time which is based around the theme of the class! That day it was rosewater lemonade, and yogurt with granola and a edible flower in it! The kids then did a flower art project and while it was drying they moved under a tent outside for songs and a skit on bees which helped some kids with their fears! It was adorable! The instructors were attentive and friendly and I very much look forward to going back! Great activity for stay at home Moms! Look on their website for upcoming dates and themes. I believe there is a strawberry day coming up as well as a don't be afraid of bugs day too! It's a real short drive from the city, not even 10 minutes from South Philly! It's cheap, educational, and fun! 

UPDATE: We have been attending classes here for years. Now, with both of my children. It's truly lovely. We pack a picnic lunch for afterwards. It's always something I look forward to with my girls. They really do love it. Mr.Zack who now runs the classes and scheduling is so great. You can call him to reserve a spot or now you can do it on their website!! They do fill up quickly. Last I heard they were trying to add another class or may have. There's also a homeschooling day. I have a lot of good memories here with my kiddos. I cannot wait to head back there soon. We usually just do the yearly membership which winds up being cheaper than the individual classes. Highly recommend.
I know it's bit crazy to come to this garden in December. But if you don't mind a winter ride in the real Philly, you can find the best Philly skyline effortlessly. And if you go on Sat to catch the  Christmas market, you can enjoy warm apple cider and bring home some real holiday decoration too!
There's not a whole lot to see at Bartram's Garden.  But at the same time, it's the first botanical gardens in the US.  It's free; and available by public transit.  It's a good addition to the community is SW Philadelphia.

It's an urban oasis in its own right.  Everyone should visit at least once.
As a wedding photographer, I would highly recommend this place for your wedding.  It is a piece of cake to get amazing photos here. Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful.
Came here in late November and even then it was such a nice walk.  If you want to go just to relax and enjoy the fresh smell of trees, dead leaves and crisp water because there's not too much else going on around the city in the winter, come here!  It's quiet and serene and no one's there.  Definitely a recommendation for a nice crisp mid day walk.  Don't be alarmed by the rough neighborhood around it- it's a beautiful enclave unto itself.
(442)

We did not take a class or go on a tour (yet).

We had a few hours and wanted to go someone new so we tried Bartram Gardens.  I'm so glad we did as it was a short ride thru Philly.

Plenty of free parking. 

There are so many beautiful plants and flowers.   Tons of paths and benches to just sit and enjoy nature.  One of the paths led us near the water and it was nice to just look and imagine how the land was years ago.

This place is so beautiful that I can't wait to go back and just read a book or have a picnic or just sit and relax.  It's so peaceful there and who would think especially right in the middle of Philly.

I want to read about the history and learn about the Gardens.  Can't wait!
Looking for a green place to stroll and have a picnic?  Bartram's Garden fits the bill. You might even see some wildlife, such as:

Deer
Cardinal
Gull
Hummingbird
Wild turkey
Eastern kingbird
Brown creeper
White-breasted nuthatch
I've been meaning to update my review for Bartram's Garden & upgrade my rating to 5 stars.

Before the pandemic hit, I noticed Bartram's was having lots of community-oriented activities and events. There was free kayaking, crafts, Halloween, and other festivals/events there on a regular basis. It was great how they were engaging the community more.

I'm not sure where they're at since the pandemic, but Bartram's Garden is definitely worth checking out whenever they're up & running, whether you go for the kayaking, community events & activities, birding or a general appreciation for nature/farm/garden.
One of the most verdant addresses in Philly, Bartram's Garden is a time capsule of how life went on along the Schuylkill almost 300 years ago! I could not help but picture that time lapse scene at the end of Gangs of New York (2002), where they show NYC grow up over 150 years, from a landscape view. But here in Philly, it ain't a movie set, it's REAL!

Traffic was stressful driving there from the 'burbs, and you seriously are in the thick of the city, and then WHAM, it's chirping birds and rustling leaves, and a canopy of trees to insulate noises. It doesn't feel like metropolis AT ALL, which is surreal, because you have skyline vistas of c-city from many parts of the garden. It is just an amazing amazing place.

In early May 2021, masks are still required throughout the gardens, though most people I encountered were not wearing them. Dogs permitted on leash in garden areas, but not in the courtyard or buildings. 

The southwestern portion of the property is a community garden and orchard, called the Sankofa Community Farm at Bartram's Garden. In this area there are raised planting beds, a greenhouse, compost mounds, a fruit tree grove, and a small playground. Signs are up to explain garden rules, etc. 

At the southernmost tip is a paved sidewalk lookout area, and small performance spot, with granite benches climbing a small hill, looking down onto a large sidewalk spot, with river and skyline backdrop.

Adjacent to the community garden, but closer to the river (with a nice view of it), is an event space with patio.

The old manor home, barn, stables, carriage houses, courtyard, etc. are central in the property, with lush gardens flowing east, down to the riverbank, from there. There are various paths that meander through the garden, with niches thoughtfully enclosed with plantings, to create a sort of outdoor rooms. For example, there is a pond niche, a tree swing niche, various benches in their own little spaces, and so on. 

There is a gorgeous walk along the river, some of it is boardwalk, some dirt/gravel, with little side paths directly to the shore of the river. I loved the look of this area, but practically, as a mother, I was very nervous. No fences are up to guard against falling down the embankment, and in some parts, there is a rocky drop-off. Also saw some broken glass. I quickly got wise and strapped my curious toddler into his stroller, but I wish I had a heads up is all. It is great for older kids and adults, who have sense enough to keep safe. Watch your dogs' paw pads on that glass!

That said, while the garden spaces were divine, and the river path was super scenic, there was litter in many places throughout the garden. I was so happy when I saw a man who appeared to be a volunteer (he was in plain clothes, while other staffers wore uniforms), walking around with a trash spear and a grabber thing, bagging up all the litter. I wish I had an extra bottle of water or Gatorade to hand him in thanks. But thank you kind man!

Aside from the tree swing, the highlight of the trip for my toddler was the freight train that runs along the western border of the property. You can view the train passing through from the driveway bridge near the manor house. 

The best part for me, it's FREE!!! I've lived here all my life, and this was my first visit, wish I'd been sooner, but Bartram's Garden is now top on my list to recommend anyone visiting! A truly awesome place!

Note: the one portion of Bartram's Garden I didn't get to see was the northern end. This is where one of Philly's Concrete Cowboys (Malik Divers) is going to set up stables for his two horses.
Thank you Bartram's for the beauty & adventure you have offered me and my daughter during COVID. Love this place!
What a magical day my husband and I had! This park is beautiful and kayaking/boat paddling was free when we went on Saturday! I feel like this park is a secret though; we had to really search around to hear about it and it was kind of hidden. It reminded me of s secret garden, and it's the perfect free date! There was a man selling the best water ice by the kayaks and it was the most refreshing treat on that hot sunny day!
Hidden gem in Philadelphia. Great view of the river... I recommend taking the schyukill banks tour to Bartram's garden.  On this tour, you go from one side of the river to the other in a boat.
This is a beautiful place to walk around or to just sit and enjoy nature.  I love it!
Solid free outdoor park. They offer free kayaking and canoeing on Saturday mornings to the public.
Please Philly, help keep this botanical garden alive! Another one of our country's "firsts" accredited to our lovely city, it offers amazing plant life, protected marshland, history, science (I could go on)... It's just outside the city, still a part of Fairmount. Visit now while all the new blooms are budding!
I am a FAN FAN FAN! I love that this is pretty much in the middle of southwest Philly. Right next to the Bartrams projects. This is the shit I love about philly. You're in the middle of nowhere, and you find something so special, and so beautiful. Something to take you away from all the drugs, gunshots, violence and dirtyness everyone says about " Filthadelphia". 

It's a gorgeous walk. It's so confusing at first! We parked and we were like.. where do we go?? We just walked towards the back towards the trees, and walked through the woods. It was so peaceful, so much green.. so much nature happiness. If you're having a bad day, go. If you're having a good day, GO. 

Take a look at my photos for a taste, but seriously, you have to go to really experience it!!
Very serene park and pleasant park. Wonderful place to enjoy nature while sitting under a tree on a sunny day and reading a book or magazine- that's exactly what I did. 

Far away from kids running around or other people sitting next to me. I came here with my boyfriend and we sat on the grass under a tree overlooking the water. We read a story about Dolphins returning to the sea after being held captive for shows. The story had a nice ending and then we just fell asleep under the sun. It was all so peaceful. I loved my afternoon in the park.
Sooooo winter is probably not the most exciting time to visit Bartram's Garden, but that's how it ended up going down. My friends and I took a day trip down to Philly and one of them picked out Bartram's Garden as a spot to get some fresh air. It was 30 degrees out, and nothing was green. However, there's still a beauty in a garden in hibernation -- you just have to look for it. The trees were completely bare, but it was lovely to appreciate them in this season. The leaves were fallen, yet the paths in the garden were still clear and everything well-kept. If you love the sound of leaves rustling and crunching under your feet, you should come while it's cold. 

I think this is a lovely place in the winter to visit still, but just shift your paradigm to enjoy it for what beauty exists in the winter. It makes for a lovely walk and it's free -- plus, the bathroom remained open (we found the men's locked, but the women's was open). 

Will definitely be back when everything is all green to give this a fair review.
Hidden gem. 
Bartram's Garden was a delightful surprise. My co-workers and I were invited there for our company staff Retreat. The environment is very Lush and full of different plants. There are many animals around as well as The gift shop was super cute, they sell their own homemade honey. Along with many other cute things. All of the staff are very knowledgeable about the property in the history. The old house is very picturesque from the outside. I didn't get to go inside however which would have been an even more interesting tour. They are located right along the Schuylkill River and so there are events all the time. Free events on the river every Saturday. Boating exhibitions for the local community. There is even a huge Farm. The farm actually is employed by student interns from the local community. Which I must say is very impressive. During my time there I was able to walk the trails which were great in finding calm and quiet places to meditate as well as do yoga. Probably the best thing about this Garden estate is that it is free to everyone and open all the time. We were there the whole week and throughout the day families were able to visit with their children to go hiking and to just relax and enjoy the estate which I'm sure is a very peaceful and liberating experience for the whole family. Not to mention it's free and let's be real that's a huge deal. I love to visit again in my personal time with my own family to take in the scenes and enjoy the festivities. I would suggest this place for families or even for dates or even just for a long time. Reconnect with nature and find peace.
The good news is that it's free. There were very interesting plants but in general I would say it's much like the area that surrounds it and it's a bit in disrepair. We are gardeners and we're really looking forward to seeing a garden from one of the most famous botanists in the world.  So it was very disappointing.

In fairness this may be a result of Covid. Many things were closed and there were no people to tell you where to go and no directions anywhere telling you which paths were actual paths to the garden or what you should be looking for. A simple map at the parking lot would've been great.We never did find the ginkgo tree although I can't say that we looked very hard for it. I'm not really sure we are on the right paths as the paths could've easily just been where the water had washed a path as they weren't very well marked.

But like I said it was free and there were parts of it such as the original house that were quite beautiful. And it could be a nice place to have a picnic. 

But take your Plant Snap with you as none of the plants are really marked and most of the markers are rather worn.  But this garden has such a great history and it's probably worth 30-40 minutes if you are in Philadelphia just to see it.
I grew up living next to this wonderful park. It has only become better in recent years since it became a National park with the addition of the house tours and activities. The free kayak and boat use on Saturday is a great way to enjoy the river and park.
