Perhaps the most beautiful urban park in the USA, Fairmount captures both the historic grandeur of Philadelphia, as well as its awesome potential. And, of all the great buildings and events that have taken place there, the one most strategically placed and incredibly majestic vista is seen when standing on the Belmont Plateau overlooking Center City. 

While living in the neighborhoods near the Art Museum (Brown St.), West Philly (UPenn) and in West Center City (25th & Delancey), I was always close enough to walk, bike or drive to the Plateau for a softball game, holiday picnic or sleigh ride in the snow. It remains my favorite single spot in the City to relax, breathe deep and capture the essence of what makes this town great. 

Sure, it's the people, but looking down into its urban core gives a sense of human potential and unique possibilities. 

In short, the view is inspirational.
We absolutely love a trip here perched above the city, technically still in it, but far enough away from the hustle and bustle to be able to regroup and just relax. The views of the skyline are simply lovely! 

The plateau is our favorite place to sled! We usually have the tall hills all to ourselves and getting there via 76 in the snow is pretty safe as the road is always cleared. 

I planned a sweet little picnic for my hubby for our 5 anniversary here in the fall. It was a perfect day and just chilling on the grassy enjoying some of favorite Philly foods with the city we love in the distance was uber romantic! Guys, if you're looking to surprise her, plan a date here! Do it right before sunset and you're golden. You're welcome! 

We also looked here for our wedding reception! You can get a permit from the Fairmount Park Commission for the space and you can also use the historic house at the top of the hill! It's a fantastic space but keep in mind you will need to have pop up restroom trailers, insurance for your caterer unless you're doing food trucks, which is AWESOME and perhaps and tent and dance floor depending on your party style. All of the pieces became too much for us, but I have it in tucked away in my mind for a more simpler version for a party or vow renewal one day. It was high on our list! Unique and true Philly style! 

There's plenty of free parking in the lot at the bottom of the hill and even a few parallel spots atop. 

There's an ok restroom house also. 

Located near the horticultural center, Mann Music Center and Shofuso House making it an easy place to stop for a sunset or quick view of the city. Stop by before or after a visit to these areas.
Being a Philadelphian native of course I have frequented the Belmont Plateau for many years!  This beautiful area in Fairmount Park deserves to be highlighted!Great Views...lots of space for baseball/soccer games and long distance track teams can be found here!

Now on the social side of things...The Plateau used to be and apparently has continued to be the best place to hang out with friends after dark!  In my younger days...you put on your best outfit and go cruisin' ....some of my best youthful times was at the Plateau!  

During this unseasonably warm weather in October I was out on a weekend and passed through the Plateau...Wow is what I can say!  Now there are food trucks and makeshift bars set up for all your needs!

It was crowded and everyone was in good spirits and just hanging out in front of their cars!  That image is Soooo Philly!

So...I'll say now my hanging out days in the park are over...but as a Philly native it's great to see the tradition of the Belmont Plateau continues!
This place is gorgeous and a great way to spend a Sunday afternoon!  You can see the beautiful Philly skyline from this location for some nice pics also. There is a nice park across the street to hang out and maybe get some exercise in. The traffic is a lot less and you can get away from the hustle and bustle of the city. Im sure this would be a fantastic way to see the leaves changing in the fall. I heard some people opt to have weddings here, I truly can see why.


I went to a Black Art Festival which didn't disappoint, I had a blast walking around and enjoyin the local artist. They had food in the back which I didn't have time for, but didn't purchase anything, but maybe next time. I had way to much planned and little time here.

The underground railroad is at this location, would have loved to do a tour.
What you'll need:

-1 functional bike (I would recommend one with a decent number of gears as some of these sections are relatively steep)
-8 cups water (to combat the thirst produced from said incline)
-1 camera (zoom capability a plus)
-1-3 Partners-in-crime depending on tolerance/loneliness factor
-A dash of local flavor (woooot favorite category!)

Hop on your bike and head north on kelly drive. Enter fairmount park (exact directions available upon request, I actually asked the guys over at fairmount bicycles, super nice there). Peddle your heart out.  Repeat. Enjoy the best view of the city skyline!!   Once you're completely Philly-satisfied , sit back, relax and enjoy the practically pedal-less ride down. 

Visitors and locals alike will love this. And you.

(NOTE: Automobiles may be substituted for bicycles, if desired. But I mean...what's the fun in that?)
Belmont Plateau is the setting for Will Smith's "Summertime" song.

"Back in Philly, we'd be out in the park. A place called the PLATEAU is where everybody go..." Yes, this is it! And there is no better time to visit than summertime proper, specifically for FIREWORKS on the 4th of July!

Smith's song was a quintessential 90s snapshot of Philly, and I was so nostalgic to see glimpses of the same old things still happening this summer on the Plateau.
 
We had to park a ways away. Cars lined the road in both directions for a good half mile down the road. However, there is still the show I always pictured from Smith's song, because some people choose not to park, in favor of a slow-cruise through the park driveway, see-be-seen, adding some beats to the atmosphere (a la "Leanin' to the side, but you can't speed through, 2 miles an hour, so everybody sees you...").

Will Smith is known for his clean lyrics, and drug-free Fresh Prince image, so there was a side to the Plateau (at least during the fireworks), that isn't gonna be in any Will Smith song! Once we got to the lawn, it was easy skanking, everywhere! (See my pics of the cloud!) Let's just say, though I smoked nothing, at the end of the night, I still smelled like weed. I wish my photos were scratch and sniff. I was ridin' dirty all the way home, just for showing up. My baby smelled like weed too. You've been warned or tipped, depending on you fancy.

Past the main weed cloud amidst the tailgating set-ups at the fringe of the parking lot, were various groups of people all over the lawn. The lawn slopes downward, to a valley of more park area below. Along the slope, people were fewer and farther between, so it was easier viewing. Everyone was friendly and mellow, out for a relaxing night. The people vibe was really good.

Various pop-up DIY fireworks shows were happening left and right, in addition to the nationally-ranked professional ones downtown (this year, 3rd best in the country). The park had their own fireworks at the base of the hill, and of course you could see the skyline with the Art Museum Wawa show going off in the nearish distance (close enough to hear it). Camden's show, too, could be seen (not heard). It was really cool to have shows going on everywhere!

Cool to a point, because my one-year-old did not appreciate all the popping sounds. He was a good sport for a while, but it eventually overwhelmed him. So a couple bits of this experience may not be for kids.

We left ahead of the cloud--er, I mean crowd--and headed down the Schuylkill past Boathouse Row, in time to see the Art Museum finale. The Plateau is very close, and driving was very easy. Since we were headed south, a stop at Philip's Steaks was necessary to cap a Philly-Americana evening. (Sorry Will, did not hit your fave, Overbrook Pizza.) 

I highly recommend the Plateau for fireworks. This has to be the coolest experience in Philly for multiple shows all around you, all at once!
It's tough to please a romantic like me. When I say 'romantic' I am talking about my relationship with the cosmos, not people. I don't have feelings like that for people. But I digress. 
I went to Belmont Plateau to watch the Perseid Meteor Shower on August 13th, 2015. My fellow stargazer and I wanted to us my Enterprise Car Share account for a quick late night drive to hopefully meet some out-of-this-world people. Belmont seemed like a good location. Not too far, but we thought it was far enough from the bright lights of the big city to see some shooting stars!
Long story short (too late?), we had a pretty good time. Ample free parking. On a clear night you can see a decent amount of stars from here and it's not too crowded--major bonus if you're trying to cuddle with an attractive friend. But we've already covered the fact that I don't do that kind of thing. We ended up seeing about 6-7 meteors before deciding it was getting too late and too cold. I didn't see any aliens, but I felt their presence. 
I would definitely check out Belmont Plateau for the next cosmic event.
Belmont Plateau is like a little slice of heaven in a big city. It is beautiful during any season, but it is breathtaking during the Autumn because every tree turns a different color. The colors range from orange to red, yellow, to green, burgundy to mocha.  It is a perfect spot to bike to, or to take a date, You can set up a little picnic there, or just take a nice little stroll. It is peaceful, calm, and a great spot to snap some photos. Will Smith mentions The Plateau in his song "Summertime" because he knows what's up! This is a place you don't want to miss if you're visiting Philadelphia.
This place is gorgeous, absolutely gorgeous. You guys saw my photo from Bartram's right? These beautiful out of place city skylines are so amazing. I didn't know Fairmount had it. My boyfriend and I randomly stumbled upon it a few weeks ago and I'm so happy we did. 
If you have a dog, take your dog there. He/she will love all the hills and free space.

If you have a good friend, a significant other -- someone special, take them here. It's so peaceful, and such a stunning view of the city. Pictures don't do it justice
Went here with my girlfriend to relax one night. It's nice and quiet and tucked away. There were about 4 other cars there with us. We climbed on roof of her car and just laid there admiring the moon and night sky. Lots of green, we look forward to taking our puppy here soon! A bit difficult to find the entrance though.
I'm looking forward to having my wedding here in June.  
It's such a beautiful property.
Great view of the Philadelphia skyline! It's a little bit confusing to find, but it's a nice park to visit.
I attended a corporate picnic at the Belmont Plateau.  Being that I live and work in Center City, it was interesting to see the skyline at an unfamiliar angle.

There were several activities that the picnic planners organized.  The food and drink provided was better than the average picnic fare. It also rained off and on. And I mention this only as background for my experience.

The park itself was an adequate setting.  If the weather had cooperated more, I probably would have given more stars.
