Benjamin Franklin is one of America's most fascinating founding fathers. He is known for many things including excess, creativity, and enthusiasm. The museum dedicated to him is nothing like the man. It's restrained, prescriptive, and dull.

The Benjamin Franklin Museum is also educational with a small amount of actual artifacts from the American statesman, writer, printer, inventor, and publisher. He was one of America's first renaissance men earning his place in modern life as the face of the $100 bill. The entrance fee is low and matches the quality.

 * Adults $5; Children $2
 * Open 9:00a - 5:00p
 * Closed Thanksgiving, Christmas, & New Year's
 * Free admission on some U.S. holidays & his birthday
 * National Park Service passes do NOT work here

Historic Franklin Court was the site of Benjamin's home and where you'll find this museum as well as a printing press, post office, and markers about the history of the courtyard.

The museum space spends little time on the accomplishments of Franklin, but is instead focused around 5 "traits" of the legendary patriot:
 * ardent and dutiful
 * ambitious and rebellious
 * motivated to improve
 * curious and full of wonder
 * strategic and persuasive

Exhibits include historical artifacts (or recreations), animated shorts, touch-screen displays, and hands-on interactive pieces. A video in the library area covers parts of Franklin's autobiography.

Philadelphia has so many important, educational, and interesting historical sites and museums that are much better than the Benjamin Franklin Museum. If you are a tourist or local, my advice is to hit those other sites first before coming to this museum that is all about the Benjamin.
Small museum in the Center City in Philadelphia. Informative for sure. I like the Storytime corner outside the museum. Always hear new & interesting fun fact. 

There are many other tourist attractions nearby the museum. Definitely can spend all day in that neighborhood.
What an amazing place, well, at least for me.  SOOOOO growing up my Dad would take me here with my sisters and my Mom.  It was always a free museum in the past, now there is an easy peasy $5.00 donation.  We always referred to this museum as "The House That Was Not There".   Basically, in the center of this hidden courtyard is a steel outline of a structure that was once Ben Franklin's house.  On the ground, in and around this structure, carved into cement blocks, are witticisms Franklin penned in his Poor Richard's Almanac and other publications... absolutely cool, just so very cool.

Another notable attraction in this courtyard is something you might not expect, nor even care about.  When I was little I learned what a "Privy Pit" was.  They have one here, an excavated privy pit, and they preserved it.  Who doesn't want to see where the Franklins did their business, I mean really, lol?  Actually it is an important find; all sorts of debris got thrown into the pit and to Anthropologists this is gold.  Any who, I digress...

So, often things change, but still remain the same.  The outside of this museum looks Identical to me as it did in the 70's, early 80's.  Sure there were minor adjustments and what not, but it is the same, and this is good because it takes you back decades in your mind.  You can remember the experiences you may have had in the past with loved ones and friends, there is comfort in this, and it shows that the Park Service does a fantastic job with what little resources they have.

Inside is a different story, however.  Change happens, I understand this and sometimes change is good, this change was very, very good.  When I was little we would follow my Dad down to a lower level and marvel at this massive phone bank.  People would stand at this bank and look up at a board at the front of the room and punch in different telephone numbers to call notable historical figures.  It was usually a witticism or statement the person had made back 200 years ago or so, but it was fun.  This is no longer there; however, the exhibits there now are much more interactive and modern.  There is tablet technology integrated into the exhibits and there are a lot of little vignettes and movies to see on smaller screens.  This is a showcase for things Ben had used in his life time, things he had created and things he had done.  Some of the items in this museum were actually in the Franklin Institute at one point, another awesome museum in the city. 
 
It is a somewhat quiet place to learn.  The muffled noises you will hear is that of patrons discussing inventions of Ben and other things, but there is a sort of reverence to the place that makes this something more than just a touristy museum.  It is a place where we remember about a great man who gave us so many things, it is a place that I thoroughly enjoyed as a child and will continuously return to as an adult.
Great little museum behind the first US Post Office and Ben Franklin's printing press. It's $5 to get in and has lots of great stuff. 

Did you know that Ben Franklin essentially created Sodoku and Kite Surfing!? I didn't until I visited the museum!
Bottom Line:  A subterranean museum with artifacts and interactive exhibits that are engaging for visitors of all ages and capture the personality of Benjamin Franklin. 

Before visiting this museum here is how I would have described Benjamin Franklin:
- A Founding Father
- A printer
- A ladies man
- An inventor
- Likes to fly kites in inclimate weather

The Benjamin Franklin Museum, located in Franklin Court alongside the foundation of his home and print shop, is a great place to learn about one of the most critical men in the establishment of this country.   As is to be expected, the museum provides many explicit facts about Benjamin Franklin but what I liked best about it is that the exhibits give visitors good insight into Franklin's personality and humor.  The museum contains various artifacts from Franklin which are interesting to adult visitors given their historical significance and provenance.  But, the museum also caters to younger visitors and hands-on learners through a variety of interactive exhibits.  I spent about 90 minutes at the museum and here is how I now describe Benjamin Franklin:

- Founding Father: A trusted resource for completing the Declaration of Independence and a respected advisor at the Continental Congress on matters like the drafting of the Constitution.

- A Printer: A guy who had a rough upbringing and often times was a bit misguided.  He dabbled with many different occupations and eventually got a job in his brother's print shop.  They didn't see eye-to-eye so Benjamin Franklin ran away from his home in Boston to Philadelphia and after being dirt poor was eventually able to open his own print shop. 

- A Ladies' Man: Although the museum is silent on the matter, I still think Benjamin Franklin was a flirt and a charmer.  He sired his first child at 22 years old and the mother is unknown.  "Who's Your Mommy William?!?" Although not mentioned at the museum, other sources have speculated it was "a lady of the night."  Ohhh Franklin!  Perhaps this ill decision making is what caused Franklin to later adapt the virtue of chastity, which is noted at the family friendly museum.  Franklin said, "rarely use venery [sexual indulgence] except for health or offspring; never to dullness, weakness or the injury of reputation."

- An Inventor:  His most relevant invention is probably bifocals but my personal favorite invention of his is the armonica.  The museum also has replicas of some of his more quirky, less practical inventions like a spill-proof soup bowl for use on the high seas.  It is also purported that Franklin invented some sex toys but of course you won't find any content on that at this federal funded museum. 

- Kite Flier: Franklin's experiments with electricity go beyond the well propagated story of his flying a kite with a key attached to it in a thunderstorm.  Before the power of electricity was understood, people who dabbled with harnessing this mysterious power, like Franklin, were called electricians.  Franklin created the first batteries in jars and learned how to use them to discharge electricity.  

One of my favorite exhibits at the museum is an animated cartoon of Benjamin Franklin and John Adams sharing a bed an inn while on official Government business.  The men are bickering over whether it's better to sleep with the window open or with the window closed.  (Did they share a chamber pot too?) The video is amusing and is just one exhibit that gives insight into Franklin's personality.

Aside from the humorous videos, I also enjoyed the interactive exhibits, like the ones that were matching games.  For example, you could match pictures with the names of various occupations that Franklin casually pursued.  I also really enjoyed matching Franklin's virtues with the description.  There was a cool numbers game/puzzle and touch screen map.  I also really liked playing Yankee Doodle on the computer simulated armonica, right next to his real glass armonica. 

Overall, I really enjoyed learning about the feisty, fun, flirtatious, industrious, dedicated patriot at this museum run by the National Park Service.
Filled with history!  One of the people with us is a U.S. history and government teacher and even they were amazed at how much they were learning.   A definite must do when in Philly!
We came here on Monday and enjoyed our time. We bought tickets at the door so no advance reservations are needed. The whole museum is underground and there is an outdoor display that does not require a ticket that is the ruin's of Ben Franklin's house. This is also near the historical post office, so make sure to stop by there as well.

This place is perfect for kids as there are many hands on activities and displays to enjoy. The history learned was good as well as there were many tidbits and random facts I did not know about Ben Franklin. I would say you can spend anywhere from 1 hour to 3 hours here depending on how in depth you want to go.
It is right behind the National Liberty Museum. Admission is $5. Give yourself at least an hour and half. It shouldn't take longer than 2.5 hours.

I absolutely loved it because it is interactive. I think museums can be boring but BFM made my experience here fun! Plenty of short videos and interactive elements built in to the museum. Short stories were told in cartoon format. You were also allowed to touch a lot of objects around!

It is underground and kind of small. Bathrooms are really clean!
We had not planned to visit the Benjamin Franklin Museum on our recent trip to Philly, but were looking for things to do before our entry time at Independence Hall. The museum was not at all what I anticipated (but I suppose it's my fault for not reading up on it more before visiting). I was bored, my family members (who are all really into American history) were bored....I imagine it's excruciatingly boring for children. 

The museum is easy to find. It sits right off of Franklin Court Courtyard, where Ben Franklin's house once stood. Enter the courtyard on Market Street to walk through the original brick passageway that Franklin himself took to get to his house, and check out the steel frames that outline where the house once stood. 

Entry to the museum is only $5 for adults and $2 for children. Tickets may be purchased at the front desk, and then you can head downstairs to start exploring. My first thought upon entering the exhibit portion of the museum was that it's pretty empty. It's a large space, but the exhibits only line the perimeter of the room. Also note that it's dark in there, given that there are original documents to be preserved.

I imagined that the museum would focus largely on Franklin's accomplishments, and provide a little insight into his life growing up. In reality, it was the exact opposite; the exhibits hardly touched on Franklin's achievements, and instead focused on what life was like during his formative years, as well as on his character. Might be great for someone who already knows everything there is to know about Franklin, but it's not what I was looking for. 

The exhibits are comprised of: 

-Original documents (some of which are Franklin's writings, many not);

-Furniture, instruments, and other everyday items from the time period that Franklin grew up in (mostly replicas);

-Creepy cartoon videos that highlight Franklin's character traits and life lessons from his autobiography; and

-Interactive puzzles throughout, some of which were fun, but didn't teach you much about Franklin. 

Bottom Line: Tickets are cheap and the space is nice, but I was bored. I wanted kite-in-the-thunderstorm, and that is not the focus of this museum. To each his own, but I'd recommend skipping this place if you have limited time in Philly.
I came here for the first time on 7/5/14, I think it was that day or June 2013, I can't remember but anyway this place is nice and also informative. You learn about the history of Benjamin Franklin and the city of Philadelphia. There are a lot of things to see here.
Wow, Benji, what a life! I'm sad that this museum doesn't get a lot of visitors, let alone reviews, because there's a lot of interesting things to see and learn here. I ended up here on a whim while exploring the Old City and figured why not.

There's three buildings that comprise the museum: the main exhibit, the printing office, and the post office. Check out the first two, the post office is just a modern-day USPS. Admission fees for the main exhibit are $5 for adults, $2 for children ages 4-16, and free for children ages 3 and under. The other buildings are free of charge.

Just as I was told, the entire exhibit should take about 30-45 minutes to explore, longer if you thoroughly read the text. There's a lot of information to read and absorb, but it's presented in a fun and challenging way. Don't feel compelled to have to read between the lines. Most of the displays are either borrowed or reproduced, but there are some original artifacts scattered about worth seeing. There are also computer animations and interactive displays designed for kids, so there's something for all ages.

After the main exhibit, definitely check out the printing office to see a live demonstration of how printing was done back in the day with a press. You can also purchase various prints fresh off the press for $1-2. Be sure to ask questions that peak your interest! No doubt that the staff know their history down to the date.

You should ideally leave this place with a better idea and appreciation of Benjamin Franklin's life and the legacy he left behind, otherwise your visit would've been a waste of time. It's really up to you to decide how much you want to learn and leave with, but it helps to come with an open mind!
Nice spot. 

1) It has good collection. 
2) Lots of interactive games and videos of Benjamin Franklin's life and accomplishments. 
3) Worth the five bucks.
BFM is a great stop on a historic visit to the city of brotherly love. His impressive inventions really shaped the world we live in today. 
Why go: Explore Franklin's life and character in the Benjamin Franklin Museum. The museum features artifacts, computer animations, and interactive displays. The exhibits are geared toward visitors of all ages, with displays that are educational, challenging, and fun. 
Fee: $5 for adults, $2 for kids, $0 under the age of 3. 
We all enjoyed our visit and would recommend it to any BF enthusiast. ENJOY!
So I suppose the knock on this place is that it's very kid centric and to a degree that's true.  But at the same time the Franklin museum is also a good way for adults to get their history on in a very non-traditional/interactive way about one of the greatest men who lived during the birth of our nation.

The skinny on details is as follows:

Hours:  Like anything NPS administered you're talking 9-5 daily with the exception of Thanksgiving, Christmas and New Years.

Price:  Yes indeed, this one costs a few dollars but considering what a dump the museum was before the NPS remodel I get why they need to charge for what they've turned this place into.  Adults are $5, children 4-16 are $2 and below that is free.

Tickets: Unless you're coming with a school group they cannot be purchased in advance as everything is day of at the door only and unless a huge group shows up that makes sense as there is plenty of room along with the ongoing fact that with where the museum is buried in terms of location it keeps people from almost not knowing that it even exists.

The museum is still below ground like a dungeon and then you go from area to area where each explains Franklin from different points in time in his life along with explaining his many different accomplishments in politics, diplomacy, science and the arts.

Kids or not it's definitely worth a visit as if you allow yourself the time to truly engage all of the material presented you could get two plus hours here no problem.
5 Stars for young families and foreigners.  There are lots of interactive exhibits - PERFECT FOR YOUNG FAMILIES.  
Too corny for our college age kids and family, thus 3 Stars.
Mandatory $5 entrance fee (not a "donation" as described by other reviewers).  
Kids under 16 are $3, children under 6 are free.
Plan on at least 1 hour if you have kids.

The courtyard out front is where Franklin's house was located.
For FREE - View the foundation and layout of the house, as well as the first post office and his print shop.

The entrance to the museum faces an inner courtyard, not the city street.  
It may be difficult to find.
The entry alley is across the street from the Carpenter's Hall and Military Museum.
I took a walk through the Ben Franklin bookstore and could just imagine Ben Franklin working behind the counter sometime back.
    The Museum itself looks kind of depressing from the outside but its only $5 to get in.  If you like Ben Franklin this museum can't be bad.
Fantastic museum for both kids and adults.

This is a small, affordable museum with five small areas about Ben Franklin.  They have organized around character traits.  Every exhibit has multiple interactives.  We learned about the amazing Ben Franklin.  My husband checked out a book from the library about him as soon as we got back from this trip.  This museum made him want to know more.  (I had already read it.)

I would totally recommend this museum.  Plan on spending about an hour.  

Oh yeah, this isn't the Institute.  It is a different museum.
This is a small museum that won't take up the day but really gives you an insight into who Ben really was, and it's kinda surprising! That being said, the exhibits show off bens inventions, his writings, his personal life and his zest for companionship. Our visit was a free visit for whatever reason, maybe because it was a mid week visit but it's definitely a cool stop along the historic trail here in phila. Bonus; it's extra cool inside so if it's a hot day out, this place can cool you off quickly!
This museum is interesting. I had no idea Ben Frankin invented a lot more things other than the ones you learn in school. The outdoor way to the museum is nice and you learned information about his house. The little museum exhibits about him we're interactive. There was a huge open space that could be used for something.
This was not really something we planned in advance to do but we were walking around it's location and noticed it and for only $5 in we went. It really was a wonderful shrine to one of our most prominent forefathers. It had all sorts of awesome things to see and read about Benjamin Franklin as you would expect. There are also lots of interactive displays which is great for kids and adults alike. There is also a gift shop with some rather affordable merchandise  (I got a coffee mug.) Definitely a great tourist stop or even if you live in Philly and want to know morw about Ben. Thumbs up.
This excellent, somewhat smallish, (literally) underground museum shares fascinating stories from the life of an incredible person.  The exhibits are very creative, using visual and audio techniques, and including many interactives, all of which to me seemed to be clear and understandable for a wide swath of ages.  The space has lots of room for people to move around, even with tour groups present.  (And I don't know if it's in their plan, but there's seemingly a decent amount of room to expand as well.)  The location is interesting -- located under the remains of Franklin's former home, the museum has several excavated areas highlighted where you can also read additional information on Franklin's thought processes and innovations.  The price is great.  The staff is friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable.  My only complaint would be my own greediness -- while I was fascinated by the displays and the collection as they stand, I would have enjoyed seeing a few more artifacts, especially from Franklin's early life.
Small but it packs a wallop.  For everything you might remember from grammar school there's even MORE that Ben did/created/invented/influenced (like that clever soup bowl for people traveling by ship in choppy waters!) that should humble you.  He was definitely America's answer to Leonardo Da Vinci.

Most impressive feat?  He was able to retire at 42.  (Damn, I'm doing something wrong.)
Easy to stroll through this with many different offerings regarding one of our greatest founding fathers. $5 for adults and no stress or pressure to "keep moving". Learned a few new things about the amazing fellow. 

Worth a walk through. This is an enjoyable interactive museum. We were here on a Saturday AM in March. 

Mark.
Fantastic museum located right next to where his home was.
Filled with artifacts and exhibits that document his life and contributions to our history.
And though it's not free, admission is only five bucks.
Totally worth the price of admission to learn more about one of our founding fathers than taught in a classroom.
Benjamin Franklin is one of my all-time favorite figures in history, having done a huge report on him in high school several years ago. I've always admired so much about him, as he was known to be a guy who was loyal, witty, and charming that others loved him. He had many great professions. As a result, he was America's first entrepreneur. I enjoyed visiting several sites about him in Philadelphia, but I seriously think Ben himself probably would not have approved of this museum. 

It is part of Franklin Court (as well as Independence National Historical Park), which consists of the alley he always walked through to his house from Market Street and the ghost remains of his house. The museum fee is only $5, so really, its not a biggie. It is basically an underground museum which has been highly modernized in recent years. A lot of it is reproductions of stuff like paintings and things all around. You'll find plenty of facts about Franklin some people probably didn't know very much about. This is stuff that anyone can find online, including his quotes. Then you have silly, creepy cartoons being played, especially the one about his gout, in which he suffered during his lifetime. I felt like I was watching a British/Monty Python-type show when watching them. There are very few activities found such as puzzles in which you can match things, such as his favorite games (kind of like modern-day Sudoku). The one that I found to be interesting was the interactive display about his printing press - it really shows you what it was like during Franklin's time.

If you're really fascinated by Benjamin Franklin like me, then check this out. Otherwise, you may get a little bored. If anything, I would definitely check out the courtyard and the "ghost" reconstruction of his old house, in which you will find archaeological remains and markers on where certain parts of his house were. That part is free.
Great little museum to kill an hour or so.  Tons of little known facts about the man here.  Some of the exhibits are interactive so it's good for kids.  Nice way to escape the heat in the summer.
We went to the Visitor Center and were told that all museums run by National Park were free. We got there and were told it was $5. Decided to go anyway, but it was overall a disappointing experience. It is VERY small, with basically a lot of reading material that you may not find interesting unless you are some history scholar. Only entertaining thing was the demonstration of how an 1800s printer worked, which you didn't even have to pay for.
National Park? Then why am I paying money to visit? Okay okay, $5 isn't really that much. But a lot has changed here. What happened to the telephones? The neon signs? Don't get me wrong, there's a lot of historical information to learn here, and it would be a great place for kids to visit on class trips. But it's just not worth seeing for an adult on a rainy day. Save your money and go to the Mutter museum instead. The staff here are very nice here, btw.
This place was inspiring - seeing all the endeavors, hobbies, jobs, inventions, and accomplishments of a man in just one lifetime was fascinating and overwhelming.

Be prepared to read (if you don't like reading walls at museums this won't be that interesting) and you can't beat $5 for admission!
I was disappointed with the museum. I actually thought it was more informative about Franklin and his life before it was refurbished. This is really a 'please touch' type museum with interactive exhibits that is geared more towards school groups. There were a few museum quality artifacts displayed but the vast majority of the exhibits are touch screens and game like consoles. If you have kids this is a good fit.
Quick museum for some additional learning on Ben Franklin. He had three children and his middle child passed away. He was also known for starting the Philadelphia hospital. Of course you can't forget his involvement in politics.
Very cool museum! We really enjoyed the interactive exhibits and felt like we learned so much!! Plus admission was only $5!!
Having read Franklin's autobiography and Isaacson's biography this year I was really excited to see a lot of Franklin artifacts.  There are a few here, but for the most part this is an "educational" museum with videos and interactive exhibits that teach about Franklin.  As such, I think it works best if you go in with little knowledge about the man.  Truth be told, it might actually be best for a middle schooler.  I was hoping for more of a musuem and less of an "intro to Ben Franklin" education center.  If you already know a lot about Franklin, there is sadly little to see or learn here.
This museum is only $5, but it is very small and I just didn't think there was too much to look at. If you've visited other places and you're in the area, you can get it done in a half hour or less.

When I went for President's Day Weekend and they had an all ages trivia contest, but they didn't check the answers and the some of the questions were poorly worded. The rest of the museum is on the same floor and while there is some stuff to look at, it really wasn't too much. Maybe it's more fun for kids, but as an adult, I thought it was only okay.
The staff were really nice and the rangers were super welcoming. As far as the museum itself it was OK but I got through the whole thing in less than 45 minutes. There are many interactive things and cool artifacts. I think kids would find this museum interesting moreso than adults because you can touch many of the exhibits. Outside there are portals where you can look into actual elements of Ben Franklin's house, so that was pretty cool. Overall it was ok, but I wouldn't put it on your "Must See" list if you have limited time to view things around Philly. I found the National Liberty Museum which is right next door more interesting.
Cool, small, and cheap museum. Honestly, I feel like the museum could be a lot bigger and have a lot more stuff, but it was neat to see a couple things. Don't come expecting to spend a lot of time here, maybe 45 minutes at most.
Although they say this has been around for many years, we just found it. 

It looks to have had a refresh recently. 

It's a small museum but well worth the cost at $5 for adults and $2 for kids. 

It will only take you an hour at most to go through it

It's nicely updated with touch interactive things for the kids 

Well worth the cost of admission
I really enjoyed this museum. For just $5 one could spend an hour or so looking at the displays and interacting with them. The museum is open an inviting and had a good collection of personal/family history as well as scientific interests. 
I found a few displays particularly intriguing. The "Boston to Philly- Choose Your Own Adventure/Oregon Trail style activity was fun. It took Ben Franklin 11 days to make it to Philly and the display asks you to pick a job and make choices to get to Philadelphia. My friend and I took just 8 days but the man before us took 26 days! It was pretty intriguing to see what kind of hardships people had traveling even shorter distances during this time. 
Another interactive display that I really enjoyed was "Weigh in on Slavery". As most historians cannot definitively state if Franklin was pro/con slavery, the display asks the viewer to decide. The display asks you to consider various times in Franklin's life and what he was actively doing/saying regarding slavery to determine if he did or did not support slavery. The display gives you a quote or a scenario and you choose a digital weight and slide it onto a digital scale to make your own determination about Franklin's opinions regarding slavery. This was a fantastic display and I loved the concept of it. I did the activity with a girl I met that morning and we had a great discussion about slavery and action vs. inaction. 
The museum also includes access to the Printing Room, Ben Franklin's newspaper office and is on the personal grounds of his former home/businesses. This is a great option for a visit and is one of the least expensive museums in the city. Don't forget to bring your postcards to mail from the U.S.'s first post office. They have a special stamper with Franklin's signature for just this office. 

*Benjamin Franklin is my favorite founding father BUT I do not think that clouded my judgement too much regarding this review.
