While we were in Philadelphia we had to hit up all the cool tourist things and landmarks and all that because I'm a big advocate for exploring cities. We had a really good time seeing all the sites and things came across the wonderful Benjamin Franklin's grave and this was just a cool thing to see all the history Just seeing all the things this man has done his accomplishments and just everything that he's done and his reading about him and it was just an awesome site to see
One of the must go places for school field trip. Very important piece of history. Definitely a landmark in the city. It is interesting to hear from the tour guide that hundreds of thousands of visitors toss pennies at the grave for good luck. The city makes about over $3000 each other from those pennies!!
This is one of Philadelphia must see sites.  It's situated between the Betsey Ross House and the National Constitution Center.

The grave where Mr Franklin and his wife lay was close to the street so we were able to stay next to it from the sidewalk and pay our respects.

There were other people there and many threw pennies.  I will need to look up the meaning to that.. lol

I'll definitely be back/stop by when I'm in the area.
Benjamin Franklin's Burial Place is located within the Christ Church Burial Grounds (https://www.yelp.com/biz/christ-church-burial-ground-philadelphia-2). You can specifically find it at 499 Arch St, Philadelphia, PA 19106. The Burial Grounds are open, weather permitting, March-November, Monday-Saturday 10am-4pm and Sunday 12pm-4pm. While the grounds are only open limited hours, Benjamin Franklin's grave is viewable for free 24/7/365. He has a special fenced-in area that faces the sidewalk, street, and appropriately, the United States Mint, at the corner of Arch and N Independence Mall E.

We visited Benjamin Franklin's last resting place on a Sunday around 5:30pm. There was hardly anyone around. His grave consisted of a large, engraved marble slab with a bunch of coins - mostly pennies - tossed on top. The reason why is because Franklin (1706-1790) popularized the phrase: "A penny saved is a penny earned." Also, the "Franklin cent," the first official circulation coin of the US, was designed by Franklin and minted in 1787 (worth $0.01). On either side of the fence protecting the gravesite were brick walls and columns with honorary and informational plaques. One plaque included quotes about Franklin from George Washington, French Revolution leader Honore Gabriel Riqueti (Count of Mirabeau), and French statesman Jacques Turgot.

Franklin's wife Deborah Read is buried with him. His son, Francis Folger, and four other signers of the Declaration of Independence are buried nearby.

If you're visiting the Liberty Bell and Independence Hall, you might as well swing by and visit Benjamin Franklin's Grave. It's only a couple blocks away. Other historic attractions nearby that are worth checking out include the National Constitution Center, Betsy Ross House, and Elfreth's Alley.
Surprised that such an eminent figure in American history has such a modest grave.
 
You can make a small donation and enter Christ Church Burial Ground for an obstruction-free view. Or, as many folks do, you can simply view the grave for free from the sidewalk, although you'll be behind a set of gates. Even on the outside, there's plenty of informational signage about Franklin's life.
 
Don't forget to leave a penny or two in homage to his saying "a penny saved is a penny earned."
It is odd to review a grave, but it's also not the first time that I have done this.  Benjamin Franklin's Grave is kind of a hot spot along the sidewalk.  I walked around here a few times for my days in the city and there was always someone there.

There are two ways to go about viewing this grave.  You can simply view it from the sidewalk from behind the metal gate in the brick wall.  This is how a lot of people view it.  The other way to view it is to pay a fee to enter either the cemetery that the grave resides in, or from another nearby site to see.  If you do this way of viewing it, you will be able to view it how ever you want and have unobscured views and angles of the grave.

Along with Benjamin Franklin's grave you will be able to view his wife's and children's graves as well.  A lot of people that pass by here have thrown coins onto to the grave.  Majority of them appear to be pennies but other coins were visible as well.

Definitely worth at least a look if you are making your way about Philadelphia.  Even if it is not your intention to do so.
I'm in Philadelphia, I have to see the grave of one of our founding fathers of this nation. Well worth the $3 admission fee.  Quiet little corner of the city.  Take 5 minutes to wander through the cemetery and feel some of the history of the city.
It's really difficult to rate someone's grave especially is someone as famous as Benjamin Franklin. But I only gave it four stars because you actually have to pay to go into the cemetery to visit his grave. It was just a sad point where they have to start charging for people and families to go in and visit their own history. It's just wrong. I had five children and I would never have been able to take them anywhere if I had to pay for every single museum. It's really sad for the families now. I love seeing this but I wouldn't pay to go in either. They do have a plaque outside and you can look into the fence to see the grave. For some reason people throw money on it and I don't know why. But it was very exciting to see
