I, to be Frank, lean to the left, heavily, and this bridge, to be Frank, leans both ways during wind storms and what not. And it will Ben, but it won't break.

Of course I've now crossed the Benjamin Franklin Bridge more times than I can remember, as anyone who lives in or regularly visits Philly probably has, and it always kind of annoys me. It's absolutely spectacular, and as you're coming down with the amazing view of Philadelphia on the way down, it's just spectacularly laid out and impressive. What a city - huge and underrated.

It's a long and high bridge and goes over the Delaware River, and is especially lovely being viewed from beneath on the Philadelphia side, where I used to park and sleep sometimes, even though you're not really allowed to do that, nor is it safe.

It's amazing. Despite it being a little pricey, I still give it five stars for the amazing views.
Many a day I've sped across this bridge...hold on, do the cops read these reviews? Oh well...

It's a lovely bridge boasting even lovelier views of the waterfront & Phila skyline. Of all the bridges in/out of Phila, I like this one the most. I always seem to get thru to NY via NJ quicker by taking this bridge route; probably a psychological thing but I like it.

Rush hour traffic & traffic in general is an issue on any bridge or roadway so stop with the moaning folks. This is an old favourite!
After today's Eagles game, I accidentally got a lost and ended up going on the Benjamin Franklin Bridge. While I wasn't expecting the situation, I did get to go on the bridge. 

First, the bridge is nicely paved with electric signs easily directing you in every lane. They also clearly say that the toll costs $5 so you don't have to rush once you get to the toll. 

The toll itself is $5, but it's only one way so it is really $2.50, but it keeps traffic from building up. 

Also, the bridge sometimes has events where you can walk across the bridge. Friends of mine have walked it before and I want to try it some time! Also, they have a pedestrian walk on the sides of the bridge. 

Architecturally, the bridge is pretty cool and it gives you a great view of Philadelphia! 

Altogether, this is a nice bridge that connects Pennsylvania and New Jersey!
I really like this bridge I like bridges in general to be honest I just think they're kind of meat special and they go over body of water like this one does. This is the famous Benjamin Franklin Bridge in Philadelphia it's colorful it's lit up nice at night and it takes you over to New Jersey from Philadelphia and it's a nice bridge it's cool
Beautiful bridge~ if you are up for a nice walk, a mile and half distance (less than an hour walk). This bridge is connecting between Philadelphia & New Jersey. 

If you are taking hop-on hop-off bus tour, you definitely will pass by this bridge. If you are on any of the observation deck, definitely look for this bridge.
Driving around Philadelphia we missed our turn and ended up driving over the historical Benjamin Franklin Bridge... even tho it was raining it was beautiful. Once we crossed the bridge we did a quick turn around and back over the bridge we went... amazing view of the Philly skyline! Driving back into the city we did have to pay a $5 toll.... part of the adventure!
Great cities have great bridges. New York has the Brooklyn Bridge; think about San Francisco and you think of the Golden Gate. In Philadelphia, its greatest span is named in honor of Benjamin Franklin Driving over the bridge and passing under its two tall towers connected by tapering cables, instills a fearful exhilaration. This bridge does not merely span the Delaware, it soars over the river rising more than 135 feet above the water, the paint scheme seems to merge with the sky in the day then at dusk the magical transformation begins. Few bridges are celebrated to this extent the lighting is dynamic and is only limited by the imagination of its creator. If you've ever witnessed this bizarre light show you'll immediately understand how the love affair by people on both sides of the river began.

Completed in 1926 at a cost $37,000,000 and change this was a joint venture between both states to replace the ferry crossings that literally took hours to breach the river because of the line of cars waiting to board in both directions. In the first 24 hours of the bridge's midnight opening more that 32,000 cars crossed the bridge not only is that a historic fact it's validation that this mammoth structure of steel and concrete was destine to be a proud symbol of independence by all who depend on her strength and beauty daily.

For three years she stood on top as the worlds longest suspension bridge, today she ranks 57th but those who know her continue to look at her and marvel, and even though Benjamin Franklin's name may be branded in her identity she's still a lady to those that love and appreciate her beauty.
Very interesting historic bridge. I do not love this bridge bcuz of the narrow lanes and the sheer volume of cars on all sides around you. Both the Ben and the Walt will take you to the same place but to me the Walt seems safer. Might just be my perception driving. Always have to take the Ben to get into Camden for drs appts.
Even tho it was hot as h e double hockey sticks!!  With no shade whatsoever! I still managed to have an amazing time walking the Ben Franklin Bridge walkway.

The Ben Franklin Bridge overlooks the Delaware river. It's the bridge that connects Philly to Jersey and it's about 1.5 miles to and from.

You enter the bridge on 5th and Race. Parking is kind of tricky however with effort and patience you can snag a spot under the bridge free for three hours. The bridge in itself is wide enough for bikes and groups. It's also a great outdoor activity for family!

Overall I look forward to walking the bridge on a routine basis!
Best run in the city!! There are pedestrian walkways on either side of the bridge that make for a great run.  It's about 3 miles round trip with great views in all directions.  The view of  the Philly skyline is incredible, especially at sunset. On top of that, it's never very crowded and is a great workout because of the inclines going in both directions.
Gorgeous bridge. It is basically the Brooklyn Bridge of Philadelphia. It is also one of the few bridges on the East Coast that are pedestrian friendly.

The bridge is about a mile and a half long, extending from Market Street in Philadelphia to Camden, New Jersey. It carries interstate 676 as well as PATCO, the rapid rail line between South Jersey and Philadelphia.

Earlier in the day, when I was at Sweettooth, a fellow employee was impressed that I had walked all the way from Penn's Landing to the part of town Sweettooth is in. She challenged me to walk the length of the Ben Franklin Bridge. 

The conversation went something like this:

Employee: "You know you can walk across that bridge?"
Me: "Really?"
Employee: "Yeah. You can get on by 5th Street. There's a tunnel underneath that takes you to the walkway. It's about 3 miles there and back."
Me: "Great! I can do that."

With that, I accepted the challenge. And yes, if you look at my photos, you can clearly see that I did it without cheating.

From a pedestrian standpoint, the views are incredible. Walking back into Philadelphia you get some of the best views of the Philadelphia skyline. Unfortunately only one side is open to the traffic for pedestrians, and only until 8 am. There is also something special about crossing the Delaware River as trains rumble underfoot. 

What an unforgettable experience.
Ben Franklin Bridge , what is there to say about this fine structure that allows you to go to Jersey and back.  Beautiful scenery, especially when it is lit up at night, this bridge stands out from the rest. An icon, a historical landmark well known from any place from TV (Always Sunny in Philadelphia) to movies (Shooter ; with Mark Wahlberg). 

Beautiful blue colored lights gleaming at night that leads you to center city, which is always a great sight to see. This bridge is made for everything and everyone, from trains, and cars to pedestrians taking a stroll. Even while driving on Delaware Ave it's a marvel to look at with Penn's Landing near by. You could be on the outside deck at Dave and Busters and just sit back enjoy your beverage of choice while watching a stream of lights go across. Its a great view, somewhat tranquil experience, not a worry in the world.

This is tops among bridges with scenery views along with access points to where ever you are heading.
in my old apartment, i had a beautiful view of the ben from my bedroom.it was the reason i chose that place.  i love to run across it. its a challenging run. but so gorgeous.  the color changes bring so much character to it. the bridge is one of my favorite things about this town. when i see it from all different points of the city. it reminds me why i love it here.
Soaring 135 feet over the Delaware river, the bridge was originally named the "Delaware River Bridge" when it first opened on July 1st, 1926. It was at the time the largest suspension bridge in the world (currently 57th), construction began January 6, 1922.  The bridge was later renamed on January 17, 1956 to the Benjamin Franklin Bridge, a dedication to the memory of a great patriot, scientist and statesman.

The bridge was designed to accommodate six lanes of traffic, two tracks for subway/elevated trains, two track areas for streetcar/trolley operation (no longer in place), and two walkways for pedestrians. The bridge now has 7 lanes for vehicle traffic divided by a concrete "zipper" barrier. Fun facts, Chief engineer on the bridge, Ralph Modjeski, also built the smaller Tacony-Palmyra Bridge up river from the Ben, a computer-driven lighting system was added for the Bicentennial.

The walkways are one of the more popular parts of the bridge for bicycle riders, walkers, and people jogging across the bridge. Only one walkway is open at a time.  At a total length of 9,573.0 ft, the bridge is great for a walk or bike ride over this engineering marvel.  It will reward you with fantastic picturesque views of the Philadelphia skyline and New Jersey to the east. A nice bit of exercise after grabbing some food in nearby Old City or Fishtown.
I have traveled across the Ben Franklin Bridge many times by car, truck and train but I've never walked across the bridge... The toll is on the Jersey side...  It is a beautiful bridge to see...

Given the choice I travel to Pa using the Tacony-Palmyra Bridge or the Burlington-Bristol Bridge...
I love you, you goodlookin bridge. You're downright majestic. You're one of the reasons I moved to Philly all that time ago. You're so strong and pretty all lit up at night. You're perfect for cars and trains and bicycles and pedestrians and people looking up at you from the piers below. 

I love running over you in the daytime - 3 miles and change, great for a lunchtime jog. It's a long, gentle incline up and down, the kind of hill that's rare in Flatadelphia, with lovely skyline views to reward runners when they reach the top. I'm not sure how this works out physics-wise, but at least according to my perception, the uphill bit coming back from Camden is approximately twice as long as the uphill bit going towards it (maybe it's running up stairs right at the start and the wind blowing off the river that makes it feel double hard). 

Thank you for raising my sights and my heart rate!
So I couldn't even start to count the number of times I've gone over the Ben Franklin Bridge in my life. By car, by train, and now I can add by foot. 

If you are planning to head into Center City or out to the PA burbs via 76, this bridge probably makes the most sense. If you are leaving the city and want to head to the Jersey burbs such as the Cherry Hill shopping areas, the BFB would make the most sense as well. As with most (all?) local bridges, you pay on your way out of NJ. 

You get gorgeous views of the skyline coming into Center City. If you catch a sunset or storm, you get a scenic bonus. The view isn't so hot coming into Jersey with the approach shot of Camden in the horizon, but I guess you can't win them all. 

Yesterday I had a totally new bridge experience and it inspired me to (finally!) write this review. I ran from Franklin Square to Camden and back to Philly. I know people having been using the bridge for runs for years but I had NO idea how steep that was or what a great workout you can get. The pedestrian path is much steeper than the vehicle lanes. The pedestrian path is located on the east side of the bridge and is wide enough for runners, walkers and bikers to get a workout in. The same goes for the views when on the pedestrian path, except you get even more time to soak in the Philly skyline. 

By nature of any bridge, traffic will suck. Unless you jump or push your car over, you're stuck. All and all, it's a pretty cool bridge to have connecting Philly and Jersey.
Aka "The Ben"

FYI Tourists, toll is paid to get INTO Philly (westbound). No one is dying to get to Jersey (unless it's shore time) so you don't have to pay when headed eastbound.

In our experience, this bridge gives the fewest hassles of all others in Philly. Traffic can be a pain though, for sure.

Love the lightening bolt statue as you enter Philly. The grandest entrance into the city of all the bridges.

I am posting fun antique images of the bridge, when built in the 20s.
Walking/running across the beautiful Ben Franklin Bridge is arguably one of the coolest Philly things to do that most Philadelphians have never done.  Even when the city swelters in summer heat and humidity below, a breeze can often be found up here.  Just beware the relentless sun - especially in the afternoons.

You can access the Philly side of the bridge easily from the  east side of north 5th street.  Wide open, nicely paved pedestrian/bike routes run above the PATCO tracks on both sides of the bridge, though I have only ever seen the south side open.  The walkway has a noticeable incline heading to the middle of the river, and a similar descent as you head towards Camden.  At each of the two midspan supports, the path widens onto more open pavilion areas that provide a nice lookout down the Delaware.  Towards the Jersey side, you get spectacular views of anything going on at the Camden waterfront or in the Riversharks ballpark.  On the Camden side,  a set of stairs takes you down directly onto the Rutgers Camden campus.

Unless Rutgers Camden is your destination, you should turn right around and head directly back to Philly since this is not a particularly safe area.  That being said, security on the bridge seems pretty alert.  I don't think I have ever run across the bridge without seeing at least one bicycle officer during the trip.  The views of Philly as you head back west are some of the best to be had, and it is MUCH safer to enjoy them from the walkway than it is while driving a car.

Obviously, most of my review deals with the awesomeness of crossing the Ben Franklin Bridge on foot.  The only reason this is not a 5-star review is due to some of the clusterf**k traffic issues: lines at tolls, shifting traffic lanes, the crazy fun of figuring out which lane to be in on either side of the bridge, etc.  Fortunately, I do not have to drive it often.
How to account for the two entries for this wonderful blue bridge on Yelp?  
From the Philadelphia side it is called the, "Benjamin Franklin Bridge."  The Jersey Strong side in Camden has named it the, "Ben Franklin Bridge."  Seems more reviews use Ben. 

I guess Jersey has a more casual relationship with this Founding Father.  But, we must ask if Benjamin would have anything to say about the 19th Century propriety of calling this prodigious and glorious old boy, "Ben," as opposed to his given name?  

I'll stick with Benjamin until he and I are formally introduced and get on a first name basis.
I am not a runner. Let's make that clear from the beginning. If anything, I am a light jogger. I tend to stick to the flat terrain of downtown Philadelphia, but when I learned that you could run across the BFB, I had to give it a try.

If you are not a runner, be ready for a challenge! By the time I got to the mid span I thought my lungs were going to fall out.  When you're looking at the bridge from below or driving over it in a car, the grade doesn't seem that steep. Do not be fooled, my friends. Ben Franklin is out to get you! 

If you can push past your fatigue and make it to the middle, you are in for a beautiful view of the city of Philadelphia! Enjoy!

Side note: I have seen some shady looking characters from time to time, but I've also seen a significant police presence which is awesome!
Standing somewhere along the water at pennslanding or driving across the river between Philadelphia and Camden,  this bridge is beautiful especially at night time with the lights lining the bridge. 
I hope they won't use the traffic excuse to increase the toll again. $5 is not so bad but if more than that hopefully I won't need to drive to NJ more than once a year! :)
If you are a runner you HAVE to run this bridge. This is my second favorite running spot in the city if i just want to do a short and quick run. This is not an incredibly popular running place so you dont have to worry about sharing your space with others. You get excellent views of the city as well as an amazing work out due to the incline of the bridge. 

the bridge has limited hours that is opened to the public and it varies from season to season so be aware of that. This path is a nice free way to get to NJ without paying the bridge toll if you are into walkin/running/biking to NJ instead! There are always cops on the bridge so its pretty safe i think!
I love driving on the Benjamin Franklin Bridge. Every time I go up to NJ, I make sure I take this bridge. The view from the bridge is amazing. I love the waterfront PA/NJ scenery. It's best to have EZ Pass during busy times. The EZ pass makes getting through the tolls a lot smoother. If you are riding across the Benjamin Franklin Bridge, enjoy the waterfront view.
I love driving across the Ben Franklin Bridge. The view of Philadelphia is priceless. While riding across the bridge, you get a great view of the Philadelphia skyline. The bridge can become a little backed up during rush hour. The Ben Franklin Bridge is one of my favorite bridges to ride across.
The moment I saw the bridge I knew I wanted to run on it. I went around 9:30 in the morning and since the sun was scorching, there were barely any runners - around 7-10 others the entire hour I was there. But the shade by the bridge will keep you cool and since it's by the Delaware River, the breeze was wonderful.

My distance clocked in at around 4 km. It was a peaceful run and officers patrolled the bridge to make sure everyone is safe.
Fun to take the bridge by train - can get crowded by car.  you can see the river and the Camden Riversharks stadium.

Nice.
When I lived in the area, I loved...
(1) walking on the bridge....no not in traffic but on the elevated pedestrian walkway...away from traffic and noise. It affords you an excellent opportunity to just take in the scenic view of the city of brotherly love.
(2) parking at the Camden Waterfront at night, and watching
  (a) the light show (and I use that term loosely) at the top of every hour,
  (b) the color change at the bottom of every hour,
  (c) and watching the lights "chase" the SEPTA trains across the bridge.

Really though...the lighting really does bring this bridge to life.
Got to say I always have loved the Ben franklin bridge even when I did live by it and had to travel yo Philly.  First and foremost it is a beautiful constructed bridge with a view like you wouldnt believe going across.  Noe if you are a runner you will get something special out of this as running the bridge gibes you an even better view plus you have the luxury of taking pictures.  The bridge is 5$ to get over which isn't great compared to the other bridges into Philly are actually cheaper but it still isn't as bad as the gwb in NY which is like 15$  so keep that in mind.  Plus this bridge doesn't open up for boats so you don't have to worry about that either.  Lastly they have been doing construction lately so there are sometimes delays especially in the early morning and at night.  The commuting hours to factor that in.
I have a love-hate relationship with this bridge. For one, it's such a classic bridge and is the gateway to Philadelphia by several modes of transportation. For two, rush hour.

That is all.
Took a walk under the bridge......there nothing much around but a bridge! Which kind of reminded me of the Manhattan bridge because of the light blue color.
I freakin' love this bridge.
Just thought I'd let you know.
I've been on this bridge many times whether I'm on my car, the PATCO train, or walking on the pedestrian walkway. It's a nice bridge, you get to see a good view of Philly and Camden.
The Ben Franklin takes you from Camden to Philadelphia and vice versa. You can travel the bridge by car, foot or train (Patco). 

The bridge accepts ezpass or cash and costs $5 when taking it from NJ. 

The bridge can easily back up- so check traffic before venturing across.
Yesterday we decided to finally walk across the Ben Franklin after many years of saying we would do it. Alyssa, Kim, and I set out from NJ we took the Speed Line to 8th and Market and set out to walk just several blocks to the bridge.Wow what a great day we had it was sunny warm and probably one of the great views of the city of Philadelphia and the surrounding areas.We had a great time felt very safe and police are right there on the bridge walk way. There are many people doing the same thing and from walking to jogging and biking as well. if your near the bridge it's a must do about a mile and a half or so each way,
For some reason, I always go to the same toll guy.  He's the third one from the left - the first non EZ pass (my old one broke, haven't gotten around to getting a new one for over a year).  The man working there remembers me, which is cool, considering I only go over the bridge maybe once every 2 weeks.  There are so many cars that go by, it's nice to see.  I think that their job is pretty boring, so it's nice to see that most are nice.

And plus, the BFB is beast, it gets you over a freakin river man!
I come here a lot. I've driven in here, walked on the walkway. You get a nice view of the city, you see Camden.
The prettiest of the bridges between South Jersey and PA. I like the Welcome to art deco Toll booths. I like that you can cross it by foot, bike, car or train. The lights are charming.

I love the view of this bridge in the morning, lit by the sunrise as you walk down Florist or Race St toward the waterfront. It's a gorgeous backdrop when spending time on the Race Street or Cherry Street piers.

It also makes it easy to pop over to my home state to run errands or visit family. I used to commute to work via PATCO over it years ago.

As a kid I loved seeing the machine that "zippers" the median barricades to extend the number of lanes in one direction to accommodate rush hour traffic. (Does that still happen? If so I need to go watch some day. )

I like returning home and paying the lightning/more sculpture at its entrance in Philly.

I have a fear of bridges, yet the Ben Franklin Bridge holds a special place in my heart.
Sure you can drive over it, sure you can take the train, but to really experience this bridge, you need to walk over it. It can be a little secluded (surprisingly) so you may want to bring a friend. Couple things to keep in mind: it's windier and longer than you think it is (not quite 1.5 miles). Great views of the Philly skyline, cool architecture and an unusual feeling of vertigo. Go to Race Street Park to appreciate its foundation.
I ride my bike over the bridge often and the walkway is excellent. It is wide and patrolled and there are beautiful views of both Philadelphia and Camden. Sometimes I see boot camps and other activities on the walkway. Everyone is usually pretty friendly up there. The architecture is very cool and I would love to go inside some of the buildings along the walkway. They were opened for the 50th anniversary. I have heard they are planning a ramp for for the walkway on the Camden side to eliminate the steps and make it more accessible. 

Driving across is pretty painless and it is the best way to get to CC from NJ. Seems like they are always painting part of the bridge though.

There are also some nice views from the Camden river front and Penn's Landing.
What a great bridge....great skyline, gets ya from the jerz to philly. What more could you ask for? If you don't have EZPass you need to get in the "Johnny" CASH line, or least thats what I refer to it as. If you ever go see the Camden Riversharks the Ben Franklin is in the backdrop of the field. Quite the View.
I love that I can Yelp a bridge.  Fantastic.

I also love how this bridge will never all be the same shade of blue.  They often "test" a sample of a new blue paint somewhere on the bridge.  The Delaware River Port Authority also like to raise the toll on this bridge, or at least threaten to raise it, far too often.
All of that aside, I love this bridge.  It is beautiful, and I love the random little light shows on it.  It definitely makes the Philly skyline what it is.
Beautiful scenic bridge.  Your allowed to walk/run across for free.  Nice views of Philadelphia and can even be done by train.
I run this bridge weekly. The bridge instead is absolutely gorgeous, but once your on it, the views are even more breathtaking. There is some free parking near the entrance, you just have to look for it. The bridge is open 6am-9pm. Front start to finish it's roughly 2 miles across, so if you are Loki g for a shorter run or jog, I suggest turning back at the half way point. The sidewalk is plenty spacious for joggers and bikers alike. There are a few spots throughout to pause in a turn out and enjoy the views of downtown Philadelphia and Jersey. At sunset the sun is setting on the other side of the city so it's beautiful views. It can get quite windy up there, so I suggest a sweater if it's not summer. With that being said, there's no coverage from the sun, so if you burn easily, I suggest sunscreen!
I LOVE THIS BRIDGE! Maybe because i'm ALWAYS on it! it's the closest to where I live, and also the most convenient.

Toll is 5 bucks, if you don't wanna pay that, you can always walk across. LOL.

I will not lie, sometimes at night on the weekends they could use more staffing. The lines get crazy for cash.

Maybe it's a problem they will fix.

If you are drinking and driving (don't do it!), this is the bridge to AVOID! I see people getting field sobritiy tests ALL the time right off of the bridge. They prey on drivers because they know they are coming from the city, hence, going out.
What a lot of people overlook is the walkways, on a nice day it is a great view of NJ/PA/the river/waterfront. Not something you will likely be doing all of the time unless you're commuting to school or work, but if you have never done it, it is worth the trip. You drive or ride the train over it so often, but the walk offers so much more.
I didn't travel by car on the bridge, but instead I walked on it! Figured if I'm over in Philly anyway, why not take a long walk over the legendary bridge? It's hard to believe this bridge has been around for over 90 years now, and improvements have been made over the years. 

Coming from the Pennsylvania side, you start not that far from the Bolt of Lightning sculpture and you go into a short tunnel with murals to get on the pedestrian walkway. The walkway is elevated as you keep ascending until you get to the middle of the bridge. Along the way, you'll find bikers, joggers and people getting their exercise on. Once you get to the New Jersey side, it starts descending. The whole walkway is 1 1/2 mile long. Would be nice if they put a sign or something in the middle of the walkway that shows "Welcome to NJ/PA". I didn't make it to New Jersey soil, but I can still claim that I was in New Jersey for about less than 10 minutes! 

Be sure to take plenty of photos if you are a tourist - but also be careful, because it gets really windy on the bridge no matter what day, weather-wise. You don't want to drop your phone/camera into the Delaware River!
What is it about bridges?

Since childhood on the upper west side of Manhattan when I played underneath the George Washington Bridge, they have held a special fascination for me.  From ground level, the soaring towers and thick cables looked like a magical castle drawbridge. Even now I get an excited sensation every time I walk or drive over even the most modest crossing over a creek.  

It is hard to believe that before 1926 when the Ben was opened there was only ferry service carrying people and commerce across the Delaware. Too, it is passing strange that it was not until 1956 that Big Ben Blue received its current name, and that it was the largest suspension bridge in the world for a while.  

Yes. It can be maddening to deal with the traffic during rush hours, and the cost makes us wish for the return of ferries.  Still, when it lights up at night, or we cross it on a weekend and can look upstream or down, the sense of flight and the required leap of faith that the roadway will hold us on our passage to the other side, blend into a metaphor for life.   

Someone once said, "Great cities have great bridges..."  I am sure Ben would agree.
Dear Ben Franklin:  LOWER YOUR PRICE!  I'm not even old enough to be having conversations like 'back in my day' but seriously, back in my day it was like, $1-2 max to cross the bridge and now it's $4 - and soon to be $5 - which is a RIP OFF for anyone who lives in Jersey and needs to get to Philly. It's actually still cheaper to drive to Philly than to take the speedline (which also makes no freakin sense), but $4 is still a ripoff, especially if you're just popping over to pick something up or drop something off.  Grr.
It's  great way to kill a day.  You get scenic views of both Philadelphia and Camden, as well as the Delaware River and the ships traveling on it.  Once you set foot on to the streets of Rutgers Camden, you hook a right, walk about a 1/4 mile, then make a left towards the river front which has been rehabbed, and continue on to the Aquarium or the USS New Jersey Battleship.  All together it's about a 3 mile walk.

If you're walking towards New Jersey during sunset you might want to put sunscreen on the back of your neck or raise your collar up. I got a sunburn walking east with the sun setting west.
This bridge is awesome to see change colors (blue,red,purple,yellow,green) as you are hanging out on the lawn of the nearby Tweeter Center. It connects Philly and Camden, and is great to drive across at night.
Last year, they recently increased the toll from $4 to $5 for Passenger vehicles entering Pennsylvania.  And while there are discounts for frequent commuters ($6 credit to an E-ZPass tag for crossing 18 times in a calendar month) and senior discounts program, it's tough to shallow the increase knowing that there is a toll surplus.  That mismanagement by the Delaware River Port Authority and their fear of a lowered bond rating motivated the increase.  And this is while the DRPA executives and their families and friends were able to cross the bridge for free.

I gave an extra star since this 85 year old steel suspension bridge is still impressive to look at when light up at night.
So I grew up in a city with 342 bridges and over 100 islands. I am no stranger to bridges and I know good bridges and beautiful bridges.. well, you get the point...

I've always had a soft spot for a certain bridge while growing up, but over time, I could not help it - Ben Franklin became my favorite.

Perhaps it's not the most exciting or the most beautiful...
Perhaps there's always traffic and/or construction that pisses you off...
Perhaps the toll has become fairly ridiculous...

and yet, I can't help it - I love this little bridge... even if I could take an alternate sometimes, I would still take Ben Franklin, just to see it one more time...

I can't really explain it, but if you drive it, if you walk it, if you walk next to it and under it (on both sides) during the day and during the night, in the summer, fall, spring and winter - perhaps you'll understand...
My Foursquare mayorship for this bridge somehow seemed 'important' enough to warrant an interview with a reporter from the Inquirer/philly.com earlier this year.  He asked if I would mind meeting him on the bridge itself for the interview and photo shoot.  Obviously I was not going to turn him - or an opportunity to spend time on the bridge - down.

He had interviewed many people for the article, which was about the mayors of many popular and well-known Philadelphia venues.  I asked if he was going to post the pictures of all the folks he interviewed, and he said that it wasn't up to him, but rather the staff members at the paper who had the final call as to placement.  He said that whatever seemed like the most important would get the most attention.

As the article pointed out, I do have a love for bridges - undeniably.  What I was not expecting, however, was to see my picture on the bridge (the biggest of them all) on the front page of the entertainment section of the Sunday paper, and plastered all over philly.com.   And my bridge mayorship, for whatever reason, was the main focus of the article.   When I asked how this could have possibly have happened, the response was clear:  the Ben Franklin Bridge is awesome.

Coming from the New Jersey side into Philadelphia, you are greeted with such an amazing view of the skyline.  What is also so great about this is that the view is enjoyable both during the day and at night.  Each is wonderful in their own way. I've taken the trip across the bridge hundreds upon hundreds of times, and I still marvel at how great it is each and every time.  Coming from the Philadelphia side into Jersey, though the end result is not as terrific, of course, the journey there is also gorgeous.  

There's something about this bridge.... I feel lucky that it is such a major part of my daily life now.  I take it twice a day!
Iconic. Beautiful. It's a step up from the Walt Whitman bridge, but only in my mind because of the exit/enter points and the fact that historically, Ben Franklin was much better of a person than Walt Whitman.
Absolutely incredible view whether you are going into Philly or into NJ.  Especially at night time when everything is lit up.  It is currently undergoing construction so the traffic is much worse then usual in the off ours and insane during rush hour.  If you like running you can also run on the walkway on the bridge both ways I believe is a little over 3 miles if you are a runner and need a distance reference.  The toll is not bad at all at 5$ it's not super cheap but considering it's a bridge it's not bad at all the toll is only from NJ to PA there is no poll on the way back from PA to NJ which is also a major plus.  one thing to also keep in mind is that the tolls have the little gates that come down before you can move and will go up when the toll is paid.  I only say to keep this in mind because you don't wanna drive through it hah.
I work over in NJ and the two things I enjoy about NJ are that 1) I get to drive over the Ben Franklin Bridge twice a day and 2) I go through NJ to to get NY.

I love Bridges!
This bridge boasts such an amazing view of the city skyline which can sometimes make up for the traffic. I've crossed it so many times via car and the toll is $5. 
I've actually walked it once too just because I wanted to do it. What a fun little adventure. I'd like to try bicycling it sometime but not sure that will ever happen.
I'm a New Yorker so I have experience walking across bridges. Obviously, the Ben Franklin Bridge is not as popular as the Brooklyn Bridge, but it is a fairly attractive bridge. It also has a nice view of the Philadelphia skyline. A few days ago, I headed to Philly on a one day mini vacation. I walked across the bridge. It was so windy up there. The guard rails are somewhat low (which is why I subtracted a star). I was scared of blowing into the Delaware River. It was also quite empty (it was 10 AM on a Monday morning). I was afraid of being mugged, but my fears were quickly allayed. I would do it again, except that next time I'll dress in layers.
Great way to get from point A to point B....
Pay no mind to the silly reviewers who think the bridge costs too much or smells or isn't safe. I've run countless number of miles over this bridge - it is a great place to train or to get into shape. It is approximately 3 miles round trip and the elevation scales up to about 250 feet above the river. If you consider that 1.5 miles of your run or walk is on an incline, it will beat any treadmill workout any day, hands down. The views heading back into the city - especially during the late afternoon with a sunset - are amazing. I've also watched the Red Bull Flugtag from the bridge, as well as glanced at Rivershark and Rutgers sporting events, as well as ship crossings and moorings at Penns Landing.  

For a 'free' city experience, this cannot be beat.
I appreciated how well traffic moved across this bridge both during morning and evening rush hour traffic. I expected it to be more of a snarl, yet the good folks in Pennsylvania + New Jersey have certainly made this bridge a good travel option.

One thing that I noticed is that there is a $5 charge to use this bridge upon entering Philadelphia, yet no charge when you are entering New Jersey. While I somewhat appreciated not being charged for entering New Jersey, I'll be better prepared to have more cash on hand for the bridge toll (spent my morning Starbucks money instead). If there is an EZ Pass option for the non-local to the area, I'll certainly look into it.

Nonetheless, taking this bridge into the heart of Center City is actually pretty cool. Made me enjoy one of the country's most iconic cities just a bit more.
This bridge is in a tough spot....on the one hand, if you're traveling east on it, that means you're leaving Philadelphia!

On the other hand, it also means you're going to New Jersey.    It's nice that there's no toll going to Jersey.

I've always had smooth sailing over this bridge so I can't really knock it.
You can drive to the state of New Jersey from Pennsylvania.  Interestingly enough you can ALSO drive from New Jersey into Pennsylvania.  This alternate route costs you $5.  I much preferred the first option.  There were many cars, all makes and models that you'd find on a modern roadway.

I had a great time to be honest.  I will most likely be back.
A beautiful, free spot to enjoy a view of the Delaware River and the bustling freeway. Naturally, the walk back (towards Philly) is the best in my opinion! Bikers, runners, walkers all welcome. Putting "US Mint" as your destination will help ensure you don't accidentally drive across the bridge and pay the $5 fee back to Philly!
Visually stunning and aesthetically pleasing, this bridge gets high marks for curbside appeal. It's become a staple of the Delaware river, adding to the Philadelphia skyline depending on your angle. 

The placement is convenient; however the downside of running right into Center City is, of course, the traffic. During rush hour, this bridge can sometimes be a nightmare. Additionally, at $5 a crossing, it's not the cheapest option, either.
Recently I've been traveling over the Benny more frequently. The traffic during rush hour (morning & evening) is not bad at all, compared to other heavy traveled bridges in the North East. The tolls price is great compared to other bridges and there are plenty of EZPass only tollbooths, so you can breeze by the folks paying with cash. 

I definitely like the moveable center barrier, which gives the Bridge Authority folks the ability to control the traffic flow based on the rush hour direction (Westbound in the morning & Eastbound in the evening). Also, the tracker trailer & bus traffic is allowed in the right two lanes.
This is usually the bridge we use when traveling into philly.  You only pay toll going into philly and it is $5. No toll coming back. Great bridge as it is well maintained now if we could only avoid the aggressive philly drivers. A girl can dream!

More than traveling into philly I really enjoy running the bridge. It is easily a 1.5 run to philly and back to camden. The views are breathtaking when you factor in the fresh air and summer views.
Big beautiful Ben Franklin Bridge!  Although you only pay while leaving NJ (which makes sense) whats with the 5 dollar toll?  Personally I would pay 20 a pop to leave NJ but 5 seems a little excessive.
