Best Tours operates in many cities, and I've only had experience with the Philadelphia division and my advice is AVOID THIS COMPANY. A company without a phone number is a big red flag. 
My husband purchased the Cupcake and Macaron tour for me as a birthday gift. Apparently you have to take the tour within three months, so time was of the essence. The first tour we scheduled was canceled a few days before via email. The weather was supposed to be freezing that day, so we understood. We rescheduled for this past Saturday (2/27). We took the train into Philly, got to Rittenhouse Square at 2:20. We ran around like crazy people for 40 minutes looking for the tour. The address listed (249 W Rittenhouse Sq) does not exist. We even asked the doorman at the Dorchester, who confirmed there was no #249. We stopped in a bakery, to see if maybe they knew anything about the tour--they did not. Then, we walked around the  whole square one more time, and found two other people who had tickets in their hands for the tour. They were chatting online with Best Tours (as I said, there is no phone #, which is bogus) and the guy on the chat said the tour was canceled due to low numbers and that an email went out earlier in the week. Neither my husband nor the people we met had received an email! We wasted our time and our money getting into the city for nothing!  As cool as the tours may sound, do not be fooled. They are a waste of time and money.
I recently spotted a groupon deal for Best Tour's Cupcake & Macaron Tour Of Philadelphia. Sweets at a discount? Of course I bought it! 

I scheduled my tour for a Saturday in the Fall. Two days before the tour I received a text message saying the tour was canceled due to low participation. The next day, I received an email telling me "It's almost Tour Time, are you ready?" With the confusion, I reached out to the company via chat and they confirmed the tour was still on.

When I showed up for the tour we were greeted by the tour guide in a bright blue vest. The tour consisted of 5 stops throughout the city (lots of walking). At each stop we were given a sample- a small sample. The first stop had cookies, while the next three had cupcakes (each was the fourth of a regular cupcake), and the last stop had macaroons. 

While each sample was delicious, it was hardly enough. I felt like the tour cheaped out and the samples were hardly worth the money.  In addition to the tiny samples, the tour wasn't a tour. It was just a tour guide walking you place to place. There was no history or script along the way. 

I would not suggest going on the tour. Instead look up a few bakeries in the area and do your own tour. You'll save money and get to enjoy the full sweet, not just a little sample.
Frauds.  BestTours.com is a disgusting excuse for a business. Today was the second time we rescheduled our tour. The July 9th 3:00 Philadelphia Drunk History Tour Group waited for their tour guide for a tour that ended up being cancelled at 3:20PM. Everyone in the group (approx 20 people) confirmed with BestTour's online chat representative the day before that the tour was ON. I had a 90 minute conversation July 8th online with a rep about the tour being ON and explanation of how to call their business. This terrible online customer service also gave round-about excuses for not having a human being available to talk to over the phone and their manager is always in a "meeting". If you try to call their business, there is no way to speak to a person, only verbal prompts that basically end up reading the website to you or ask you to check out their website. The online rep continuously told me "try again" to call, but nothing at all changed the 10 times I called. They told me I was "maybe in a queue".  Maybe? You're a customer rep, shouldn't you know? Follow-up from the rep: "you ARE in a queue". So I stayed in the queue which led to a repeat of verbal prompts for 3 minutes followed by getting hung up on. Thanks a lot. Waste of everyone's time and effort. I feel sorry for the individuals in our group who came in from out of town or paid to have a babysitter for the day for this waste of time. I refuse to reschedule because of this fraudulent scam of a company but doubt I'll be able to get my money back considering I can't speak to a human in this business. Side note: If you'd like a photo of our group with pissed off faces and giving thumbs down, please ask! I've got it!
DON'T DO IT!
I too wish that I could give this zero stars.  The first reason is that nothing, repeat nothing, that was promised in the Groupon was delivered.  The ad promises visits to 4 pizzerias; we went to 3.  It promises they would be hidden gems; they were stones in plain sight.  There was to be a slice at each of the four; there was half a slice each at three.  There was no commentary on Philadelphia culture or history, nor was there a demo from a pizza chef.  Furthermore, it was completely disorganized.  The first stop seemed surprised to see us and our group waited while the room and tables were prepped for us.  We had barely received the pizza when the same company's food your came in wanting to use the same space.  Enjoy your half slice of indifferent quality pizza while 25 people stare at you, hoping you'll leave quickly.  I wish I could get our money back.
I wish I could give this company zero stars. This tour was terrible. I will never take another tour through this company and I will never recommend that anyone I know does.

First of all our tour guide had no idea what he was doing. He arrived 20+ minutes late and did not introduce himself. He never checked anyone's tickets and basically lead a "follow-the-leader" tour. He didn't tell us where we were going, or anything about the places at which we stopped. He had no idea how to navigate the streets if Philly or the best ways to get to the places we were going. Here's pretty much silent the whole time, providing zero commentary about the areas we were "touring" through.

The places at which we stopped were seriously disappointing. For a tour called "Cupcakes and Macarons," we did not sample a single macaron. In fact, at the five places we stopped, in order, we received; half a muffin, a quarter of a cupcake, a mini cupcake (that we spit out it was so terrible), a cookie and a quarter of a cupcake.

Everything about this experience was disappointing. Shame on you as a company for taking peoples' money ($50 a person!!) for such a worthless experience.

I will never deal with your company ever again, and I will make sure no one I know does either.
This is my first time writing a review for yelp so it probably won't get posted but this tour was the biggest waste of money so I have to try. I bought a living social deal for the chocolate tour and was excited, the description made it sound like you go to several places in the city and get to learning interesting/entertaining facts. I wish I had read the reviews on here, I would also gladly give this zero starts.

The tour guide made us wait 20 minutes, it was 95 degrees today, and didn't acknowledge or apologize about being late. He also didn't check tickets so if you feel like going on this tour, just show up around Church of Holy Trinity around 12pm or 3pm on a weekend and they won't know the difference. We went to 3 places, ate a brownie, cupcake, and vegan treat..can't say anything bad about the bakeries, they were delicious. The fourth stop was Insomnia cookies, which is yes wonderful but a chain, they couldn't find anywhere else in the city? And then we were supposed to go to a fifth stop but he called the place and because apparently he made a mistake, they weren't ready to take 15 people. We ended up leaving early because it was such a joke. Do not waste your money. Just go to some bakeries in the city and buy chocolate on your own, you'll save money and time. The tour guide didn't say anything the entire time, I'm not sure what I paid $45 for.
Went on the chocolate tour today with my mom after getting a living social deal and we had a lovely time! Even in the rain, walking around with the group of 15 hearing about Philadelphia and tasting delicious chocolate treats was very enjoyable! We met in Rittenhouse square and went to 3 bakeries (one that was gluten and dairy-free and one that was vegan), insomnia cookies and scoop Deville. We had a brownie, cupcake, cookie bar, cookies and an ice cream treat and everything was so delicious and decent portions (I was expecting smaller, very glad I skipped breakfast). 
I loved that the tour was very casual and allowed us time to enjoy the streets of philadelphia, buy additional treats at each stop and enough time to really enjoy each sample before leaving for the next stop. 
We probably walked between 1-2 miles total and this was the perfect amount!
My only cons for this tour were that the tour guide, although very pleasant, talked too much about Philadelphia history and not enough about the different stops on the tour. I also wasn't expecting for the tour to end almost a mile from where we started, this should at least be explicitly stated when purchasing tickets so people can plan accordingly.
Overall, we had a great experience and are definitely interested in going on one of the other tours (coffee or cupcakes) in the future!
DO NOT GO ON ANY TOURS BY THIS COMPANY. I went on the "Cupcake & French Macaron" tour of Philadelphia. I purchased this on living social but typically they charge $50 for this tour. We only stopped at 4 bakeries and didn't even get a whole treat at each. All together each person got about 1 cupcake. That's $50 for ONE CUPCAKE. At the last stop, the cupcakes weren't even fresh. They had clearly just been pulled out of the freezer and weren't even iced. Not to mention there was not a SINGLE French macaron on this tour. This is false advertising! And a huge ripoff! I have done plenty of tours of various cities and NEVER have I had such a poor experience. The tour guide was friendly but claimed to not even know French macarons were advertised on this tour. Horrible experience, don't waste your money.
Was set to go on a 7pm Ghost Tour tonight. Either it was being led by a ghost or they didn't show up. Waited 30 minutes. No one to call and no one to "chat" with in their support team. Don't waste your time and go with another company.
I took my friend on the "cupcake and  macaroon tour. "
 We started to be concerned from the beginning, when the address given as the meet up point wasn't even a real place. Found a nice hotel man, who directed us to the corner where they usually wait for the tours.   Would have been nice if they had a tour guide waiting there to know where the start up point was. 
 The first stop was a delicious half of a cookie (which wasn't a macaroon or cupcake).  Second stop was a delicious macaroon, and surprisingly a whole one. They were all different flavors, so it was kind of a scramble for everyone to claim one.  Would have been nice if there was only one or two flavors so you didn't feel like you were missing out on all these different options. 
 Third stop was a quarter of a cupcake, that was basically as good as a grocery store cupcake.  Super disappointing, and there was only chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry. I was hoping from a cupcake tour to get to try something a little bit more exciting. 
 Last stop was by far the worst. It was supposed to be a red velvet cupcake, and I'm not even sure what to call it.  There were extra samples, and no one even took them. 
 Basically everything on the website was wrong. The website had the wrong last stop, said the tour would take about two hours but it only took a little over an hour. It was pretty disappointing that there were only four stops, especially considering how small some of the samples were.
SHould not use this company - they have cancelled 3 times = they are cheaters and probably don't even exist.  Their game is to set up a coupon and then just keep the money. DO NOT USE THEM EVER!!!!!
