Connecting Bridesburg, Philadelphia with Pennsauken, NJ, the Betsy Ross Bridge was opened to traffic over the mighty Delaware River in 1976. It moves vehicles well from one State to the other, helping commuters avoid heavy loads on Route I-95 during rush hour, or to simply bypass Center City density the rest of the day. I use it to travel from Bucks to Camden for court, and it saves me a bundle of time by circumnavigating the morning confusion at the Benjamin Franklin Bridge. 

But, I admit to mixed emotions about using the Betsy because I know its construction history. The pilings on the Philly side are made up in large part of headstones from the Monument Cemetery that had interred people within it's hallowed grounds since 1839. Like its famous sister, Laurel Hill Cemetery, it was designed to reflect the sentiment of Pere Lachaise in Paris, France,  by being both a resting place for the dearly departed and a public park for the living. But, due to its relatively small size, once the 28,000 caskets were buried and there was no room for more, the maintenance fell off and the board of governors died or otherwise allowed the cemetery to fall into serious disrepair. 

Temple University offered to buy it several times for use as a parking lot, but was rebuffed repeatedly.

 Finally, the school saw its opportunity when the Betsy was being proposed. They again offered to buy it from the City if it would condemn it and seize by eminent domain. Philly agreed, and arranged to make the transfer if Temple would remove the bodies and headstones. This it did by notifying families of the deceased to retrieve the bodies and rebury them elsewhere. Only 8,000 were claimed, and the rest were transported to a mass unmarked grave in Lawnview Cemetery in Northeast. They then sold the granite and limestone markers to the bridge contractor who needed fill for the pilings upon which the upright supports would be anchored. 

Thousands of headstones now lie underwater beneath the steel and can be seen sticking out at low tide. 

So, when I cross dear old Betsy, I say a silent prayer for those whose lives were lived nearby and died only to be unceremoniously separated from their identities and dumped in a lost and unmarked grave, and their stone remembrances buried forever beneath the bridge. 

"... Don't it always seem to go,
that you don't know what you've got 'till it's gone.
They paved paradise
And put up a parking lot."

-Joni Mitchell, Big Yellow Taxi, Ladies of the Canyon, 1970
You think this is the best bridge in the Philly area? You wanna betsy on that? 

This bridge Ross from the ashes of many plans and dreams, and in some ways it's great, but not others.

Way north of the more relevant areas of Philadelphia, way up where you can't even see downtown, here you have the Betsy Ross, which is basically a much less traveled version of Ben Franklin, which is a few miles more south.

Northeast Philadelphia is connected to Suburban New Jersey, which is very necessary despite them continuing to charge for it, and as others have said, it's a little sad that they used headstones from the cemetery to make the bridge. I don't know why they would have done that. But they did. That's why it lost 2 stars.

You can read that horrible story online and in other reviews, but basically they told people to come and claim their loved ones, and most people didn't because they probably never received the unprofessional and half-ass messages, and then they ended up finding them all in a mass grave, and it turned out they had just got through throwing all the headstones into the river. It's really really really sad. It's also very Philadelphia.

Burial sites? Watch out. Nothing is sacred.

At least the roadway is nice and smooth.
What is this bridge about? It connects you from New Jersey to Pennsylvania, landing you in Philadelphia.
I had trekked back from New York City, this was one of many bridges I drove through. It was a cold and rainy evening, so there were no real views to be seen from the bridge. It was still a comfortable drive.
I actually like the Betsy Ross. It's a bit out of the way for me, but if I'm heading anywhere above Center City, I'll usually take 130 for an easy connection.

I've personally never encountered traffic on the bridge since I tend to cross it at off-peak hours, so I can't attest to any commuter feelings, but I can say this is a wide and easy to travel artery between PA and NJ.

Only potential qualm? It's easy to drive faster than you realize. Keep an eye on your speedometer and you should be fine.
the BRB is my new favorite way to get back into philadelphia. there's never traffic (thus far) and it's a nice enough bridge, as far as those things go. the only bummer is that the toll for area bridges has been raised to $5.00, which seems uber expensive and kinda ridiculous. however, since paying the toll is the only way i can get home, i'll continue to do so.
  highly recommend the betsy ross as an alternative to the ben franklin, as that bridge tends to be traffic-y 75% of the time.
Nice wide bridge that connects route130 and 73 in NJ to Port Richmond section of Philly. Hefty $5 toll which is on par with the other bigger bridges that do not have to stop traffic for bridge openings. 

I like to take this bridge back to NJ at night so i do not get caught at a Tacony bridge opening. Speed is faster than the Tacony as well, 50-55mph compared to 45mph.

Cops are known to sit at the bottom of the bridge on the NJ side to catch speeders. They also sit on route 90 as it's very easy to go faster than the speed limit bcuz of the wide and straight traffic lanes.
This bridge is wide, smooth, and easy. I've never experienced lane closures like other bridges, and traffic is always flowing. Be careful of the cops though!
The first time I drove on the bridge was back in June 2010. I was on my way to Forman Mills on Aramingo. This bridge is big, nice, and wide. You get a good view of the city. There's not a lot of holdup but I think it all depends on the times.
I heard this was a good bridge. I heard you could use it to drive over the river to get from one state to another. I decided to give it a shot. Low and behold it worked. I went from Philadelphia to New Jersey without getting my vehicle wet. The downside to this bridge is when you come back there seems to be some type of involuntary donation point where you have to give a stranger money. It really wasn't that much though. I'm pretty sure they use the money for bridge parties and such. I like parties so no big deal. Thanks for letting me use your bridge guys. I hope your Bridge party dont Suck.
i got from one side to the other!!!
didn't touch the water not even one time!!!
if you don't own a boat and need to get across the water i highly recommend using a bridge!!!
Our Bridge of choice on trips to/from NYC, and not so bad.
This bridge doesn't get enough love.  I say that because, compared to other bridges, nobody uses it.  The ramp is convoluted coming from Philly.  On the plus side, Route 90 from Jersey is wide open.  I enjoy the views over the Delaware though.  It costs a dollar more than the Tacony Palmyra Bridge so I'd just opt for the that instead since they're so close by.

Also it looks sturdy.
The Betsy Ross Bridge is by far my favorite bridge to go across the Delaware river. It doesn't feel like it's about to fall down or anything like that. I love the shade of blue that they have painted it. It's seldom crowded and I've never been stuck in a traffic jam on it either. It's very efficient at getting me over this wide body of water. I highly recommend its use. Far better than swimming across the river.
The Betsy Ross Bridge is by far my favorite bridge to go across the Delaware river. It doesn't feel like it's about to fall down or anything like that. I love the shade of blue that they have painted it. It's seldom crowded and I've never been stuck in a traffic jam on it it is very efficient at getting me over this wide body of water. I highly recommend its use as it is much better than swimming across the river.
It's a damn bridge! Is the other choice to swim across? If it's not rush hour getting across is normal for people that don't mind bridges.  Sort of weird to review a bridge. If you make it across it's fine, if you don't you probably won't write a review.
