WISH I COULD GIVE 0 STARS!

When a company cancels on you because of the weather and there is NO policy stated for this situation THEY SHOULD GIVE YOU A REFUND.

Basically because it rained they made $350 off of my private party
Offering a credit to come back is not acceptable when my entire party is from out of town here for a one weekend only event 

USE THIS TOUR IF YOU WANT A CHANCE TO HAVE $$ TAKEN OUT OF YOUR WALLET WITHOUT EVER SETTING FOOT ON THE BIKE
The idea is great and the bars you stop at are a good time.  We booked a private night tour, and it didn't turn out as red pedal bike tours advertised.  We started the bike tour at 6:00p.m. and it was supposed to go to 8 p.m.  they dropped us off at the last bar at 7:15p.m. and said they had another tour that started promptly at 8.  For $340 dollars I would highly recommend paying a taxi to drive you to the 3 bars in 2 hours for way cheaper.  I called to let the company know that we did not get what was advertised and after back and forth with the representative she took the side of her tour guides who said we were dropped off at 7:45 and pretty much told me it was impossible to be dropped off at the time we were.  15 of us all saw it was 7:15, so I recommend if you do decide to waste your money on this tour make sure you get a receipt at the bar as soon as your dropped off to verify the time they shorted you, as we paid cash and did not think to grab a receipt.  I asked for half of a refund for half the ride we were shorted, she offered me 2 free tickets to another ride instead.  How can decide which 2 people out of the 15 that got ripped off to give to.  Horrible customer satisfaction from the representatives.  Do not stand behind their advertisements.  No where near worth the money that could be better spent on a night in Philly. Also be prepared for tip begging at the end, its posted all over the bicycle "tip your tour guide."  There is no need to hound everyone who's on the tour for tips.  Distasteful and false advertisement.  You can reserve a limo to take you to 3 bars for less than that price to get ripped off.
HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE - WOULD NOT RECOMMEND 

This past weekend, we had a tour booked for Saturday night for my cousins bachelorette party - we were a group of 15 girls coming from all over the country to gather for her Bridal Shower and Bach Party. At 10 am Saturday, I received an email from the company that they may need to cancel out tour because of the rain - at around 2:30 pm they called saying that they had to to cancel due to weather and that we would have to reschedule. Seeing that we were 15 girls from ALL OVER the country brought together to celebrate my cousin getting married, this was not a feasible solution. We asked for a refund and they denied us to the "terms and conditions" when booking a tour. THIS IS A LIE. We back and forth emailed with Jessica along with the owner, Eric, trying to explain our situation, hoping that they would have some compassion - but no. They are still denying us a refund. After explaining to Eric that within our contract IT SAYS NOTHING ABOUT A WEATHER CANCELLATION - nor does it say ANYTHING about THEM cancelling on US. And to make it even more of an insult, Eric sends us the link to the FAQs page, which again SAYS NOTHING ABOUT A WEATHER POLICY.

I would absolutely not recommend this tour to any one for anything.
This company is morally flawed. They clearly don't respect their customers' rights. Our tour was cancelled by them due to weather and they kept our money anyway. They're crooks!!!
HORRIBLE Customer Service! This company cancelled our tour due to weather and then kept all of our money! We had a large group of girls coming from all over the country for a bachelorette party. Red Pedal Tours cancelled on us because of the rain (which is fine) BUT they KEPT OUR MONEY and said we could reschedule! WE DID NOT USE THEIR SERVICE AND THEY KEPT ALL OF OUR MONEY. This was not discussed prior to the event and they have no cancellation policy that we agreed upon. I would not recommend this Tour to anyone traveling to the Philadelphia area.
It was broken! We all came in to philly for a bday party but were told an hour before we left that the contraption was broken. Boooooooooo
My 15 friends and I were so excited to use Big Red Pedal Tours to celebrate my friends graduation from grad school on Saturday 5/13. Our tour was scheduled for this date at 12pm for weeks. We knew all week the weather was not looking good at all with 100% chance of rain all day. We were told we would be notified by 10am if our tour was cancelled or we would get a rain date. We receive our notice at 10am that our tour is not cancelled and we would not get a rain date if we cancelled as you only get a rain date if "Big Red Pedal Tours" cancels your reservation. This was very unfortunate, as there was down pouring rain outside and our group felt it was not safe to participate. We asked for a rain date were denied. This was just very unfortunate as we were very excited to use this service for a fun day to celebrate our friend. Now we lost our payment and cannot reschedule our tour. We are disappointed in our experience with this service as we would have loved to reschedule!!
We bought a groupon for $170 to rent out the entire pedicycle. We definitely would not feel that it's worth the original $340. First of all, you do not get to actually drink while you're on the pedicycle and secondly, although the website says you can sit back and relax while the motor is running if you get tired, that's not entirely true! Our group had a lot of fun only because we were all tipsy, otherwise we wouldn't have enjoyed it AS much. It's something fun to do once in your life but only if you buy the groupon deal, I wouldn't pay the full price!
This is for the children. Who pays 25$ a head to pedal to two bars and only have 25 minutes, and I mean a very strict 25 minutes, to chug a filthy beer and be rushed out the door to the next filth hole. I just don't see the enjoyment in this experience, and regret and agreeing to this experience.
I struggle to give it two stars, but I will because the starting bar (SIlence Dogoods) and the second bar on the tour (Paddy O'Whacky's) were fun spots, and the bars we went to offered specials.  It ends there.

The two girls we had for our trip were OK, kind of indifferent about being there and the one operating the ipad with music didn't interact with us too much.  We get to the first bar and are told we have a half hour, and we'll get a 10-minute warning for when to return to the bike.  After the second round is bought one of the girls says we have 5 minutes to go, not the 10 we were told.  Could we have kept better track of time?  Yes.  Should we have been given our proper 10-minute warning?  Definitely.

The 5 minutes was all we needed because we immediately left after a 2-inch cockroach appeared on our booth.  Of all the options the tour has for bars in the area, they sent us to one that is infested.  That there is enough for me to never do this again.

This is an idea you'll enjoy more if you're in Nashville, where you can actually drink on the bike (that's not allowed when on the bike...Philly law).
We had an awesome time ! Opted to try something different for my birthday this year and I was not disappointed. 

Myself and 4 gfs signed up for the old city pub crawl on Friday May, 26 at 6:15 and we had the bike completely to ourselves. The tour we picked started off at Silence Dogood's Tavern, where we got our stickers, pizza from Big Ass Pizza and a round. That pizza was awesome and so were the pizza tots! 

Our tour guides (Jess and Dominic I believe) were awesome and we'd definitely do this again.

Tip definitely buy the individual tickets ! Not worth it to pay for the whole bike at $375. We all bought the individual for $31 each with 5 of us and we still had the bike to ourselves. Lucky break I guess.
Unfortunatly my group did not have a good experience with Big Red Pedal Tours. We were unable to get a refund after our tour was rained out due to awful thunderstorms.  We had an unprofessional encounter and an overall poor experience. Head to Nashville instead where you can drink aboard their "Pedal Tavern"!
I joined a group for an abbreviated historic tour yesterday and for that short period of time everyone had a blast.  The owner, can't remember his name, was our tour guide.  He's a Philly native and his knowledge of the historic area was interesting.  I've lived in the philly/sj area and never really toured the historic areas before, other than the duck tour.  The information he provided was things we've never heard of before, which mad this tour more fun. It wasn't your typical historic facts.  It was definitely an awesome treat riding this thing.  Keep in mind the more you pedal the more it'll feel like a work out.  So relax and have fun.  I definitely am looking forward to try the pub crawl version. Thanks guys!!
Probably one the biggest rip-offs I've experienced in recent years. Our tour started late and finished early. We paid $35 to go to 2 bars that I could have gotten faster to if I crawled. It seems like the non-drinking tours might be better, but if you're thinking of doing the so-called "pub crawl," save yourself the time, money, and embarrassment to any friends that you convince to join you.
This "tour" if you can call it that was terrible. I rented an entire bike for my best friend's bachelorette party and tipped generously before we even started (costing over $400 in total) and the two Red Pedal workers were awful. Not only did they barely speak to us but when they did they were, quite frankly, rude. It's a shame they don't seem to like their job but that is no reason to attempt to ruin our special day.
My boyfriend and I and a group of our friends did the South Street pedal tour for our birthdays last weekend. We had a good time and our guides were a lot of fun but there were a few things we were disappointed by.

First, we chose the Midtown Village pedal tour. However, upon looking at the website to see the list of bars that tour goes to, we were confused because one of them was permanently closed. We decided to switch to the South Street tour instead since we knew the bars on that list were open and knew what we could expect. The South Street tour was a few dollars extra per person, but went to an extra bar (total of 4 bars listed instead of 3 like most other tours), so we felt it was worth it. Once we were on the tour, we didn't go to the extra bar at all. The website lists JJ Bootlegger's (starting point), Paddywhack's, Manny Brown's and Las Vegas lounge for the south street tour. We only went to the first three and weren't taken to Las Vegas Lounge at all. We felt a little ripped off since we thought we were paying for an extra bar, but didn't get that.

Overall we still had fun, but I wish the website would have been more updated so that we truly knew what we were paying for and what we could expect on our ride.
DO NOT BOOK WITH THIS COMPANY!! We had a reservation for a large group that was booked 3 months ago. The week before we are to go on the tour, they LOSE THE RESERVATION! Several conversations took place on the phone with our contact and their booking agent over the 3 months including one the week prior to them losing the reservation. When asked to speak with the General Manager, the GM took days to EMAIL (not call) to attempt to rectify the situation. She stuck up for the mistake the booking agent made, pretty much saying, "she wouldn't have done that." They have (or I guess "lost") credit card information! Where did that go?? Then to top it off, the GM only offers a 10% discount to book with them again. 10%???????? We had 30 people planning this for months, lining up babysitters, turning down other events to do this!! I'm sorry, but I will not be encouraging anyone to book this.
What a fun experience! My friends and I rent the Red Pedal Tour this past weekend to celebrate a birthday!  We could not have had a better time.  The 2 hour window flew.

Though it was definitely a work-out the distances aren't too crazy so you get rest fairly quickly.  We brought our own play list which was definitely a plus.  Having fun music/strobe lights going as you drive down the city streets is great.  So many people stop to watch and take pictures.  

I would defintiely recommend anyone and everyone to try this out with friends.  If you can get a big group to get the whole bike it's probably ideal.  We have so many fun pictures and videos from the bike.

Our driver/tour guide were a blast as well.  Engaged in conversation and sang along with us.  

I have only good things to say about our whole excusrion.
Having a summer birthday has its ups and downs- like being one of the last of your friends to turn 21 (cons) but also getting to do a fun outdoor activity like this (pros). I was looking for something fun and unique to do for my 21st birthday which happened to fall on a Monday night. My parents had previously done a Big Red Pedal tour before and loved it so we decided to do this! My mom planned it and was very impressed with how easy it was as well as the service from Big Red Pedal Tours. 

The tour we picked started off at Silence Dogood's Tavern, where we got our stickers, pizza from Big Ass Pizza, and our first of many rounds of drinks. The bike seats 15 people, 3 of which are a bench in the back and 2 others don't have pedals (so 5 lucky people don't have to bike!!) The staff onboard the bike were awesome- the lady let us request songs/playlists and the waiver was an easy process (iPad signature), the driver was really great too. Be warned-the bike is no joke, it really is man-powered so expect to work up a bit of a sweat while pedaling from place to place. 

We made stops at Irish Pub and McGillans- both of which were great. They weren't super crowded because it was a monday night but there were still people out since it was during the summer. Honestly I don't remember the whole night but that's what a 21st birthday is all about! All I know was that the big red pedal tour was a blast and that jury duty the next morning was a little rough!
Expensive but fun.  Said we would go to 3 bars but only did 2. Guide was a nice fun woman but driver was miserable .  Kind of a downer when you're out to have fun
We had a really great experience with Big Red Pedal Tours. I have no idea what the other reviewers were talking about ref: bad customer service. The communication was very clear that they issue a voucher in the event of bad weather. Considering it was supposed to DOWNPOUR and chance of a tornado, Jessica was constantly emailing to keep us at ease. It went off without a hitch-Haley, our guide was so wonderful to work with, and the drive was the best-even ran several blocks to try and locate a friend's cell phone that fell out during the transit. My tip: Go to Silence DoGood's early for apps and drinks, and KEEP YOUR CELL PHONES AND CAMERAS in a bag up top! The bars were so helpful and served us quickly, so that we had the full 2 hour crawl experience AND got back before the rain hit. THANK YOU!
The best!!!!! I went with a group of ten girls for a bachelorette party and boy were we glad we went. You start off the tour at a bar which they suggest you arrive 45 mins. early which really was only so you could kick start your boozing. The bartenders were nice and super friendly. You meet your guide who collect your paperwork (have that handy). You go over the rules you are on your way. The 15 passenger big has 10 pedaling seats and 5 freeloaders. There were to Bachelorette parties at the time and we had the best time with echo there groups. You pedal (not difficult) from bar to bar stay for about 30 minutes at every bar you are given a special area and your own bartender to make sure everyone has the chance to drink. Your guide keeps you on task and on time. They will also make sure the music is jamming and everyone is having a good time. Dayna (guide) and Heather (driver) fantastic! You can tell they really enjoy their jobs!
This bike tour is also a show stopper. People in passing cars, bike and pedestrians all wave shout and make a big deal when you go by. All around a good time!
Took a flash tour of historical Philadelphia today. An hour flies by as you pedal along. Our tour guide, Jim was fantastic. Be prepared for a pop quiz (here's a hint, Ben Franklin was a busy, busy guy during the time surrounding the birth of our nation). If you can, convince a couple of random pedestrians to come along for the ride. We did, and had a blast with a couple of New Yorkers. Be ready to pedal along (it really isn't too bad), learn about the area, and experience cobblestone roads in a whole new way. Let's just say I'm pretty glad most bike paths are not surfaced in this manner :)
SO much fun! My sister and I did this while I was visitng her to do something with ourselves in the afternoon. We did the Philly by Night Pub crawl ride. We enjoyed all of the bars they stopped at, and all gave us really good deals on our drinks! What is really great is if you keep your sticker all days those same bars will keep giving you the discount even after your ride is over. They give enough time at each location and the ride is fun singing songs and having tourists and other Phillyites staring at you as you pedal by screaming Britney Spears!
So my work was craving for some time together outside of the business and someone mentioned the Big Red Pedal Tour, and I can safely say it was the best decision we made! The tour guides were extremely flexible and accommodating. It was a very hot and humid day and the guides made it seem like a breeze! We took the Old City route that stopped at two really cool bars that were also very welcoming. Even with a large group of rowdy pub crawlers, we were welcomed by staff and locals. We ended the tour off with our personal playlist causing a sing a long with the people in the street! All around it was a great experience. I would highly recommend this tour for any occasion. Two thumbs up!! Thanks Big Red!
AWFUL!!!! Do not book with this company. They are terrible. Our pedal vehicle was 30 minutes late, we only went to two crappy bars in two hours and our driver didn't have the courtesy to tell us they were having gas problems and it took us 30 mins to bike 10 blocks! Would not even take us to good bars or bars in the neighborhood we started in. Two bars we went to included an Irish pub and a small bar with no people. Worst pedal tour I have ever been on!
This was my second time attending an event with Big Red Pedal Tours. First time was two years ago a group of friends and I did the "Historical Philly Tour". That one was awesome! Great tour guides, fun experience, etc. This time around was not the case hence me giving only two stars. We rented the entire bike for my friend's bachelorette party and did the Old City bar crawl. First, the tour started late - super late. We all arrived about 10 minutes prior to our 12:00pm start time and promptly checked in. They finally came over to us and greeted us and handed out the stickers. We didn't actually leave until close to 12:25 to get the tour started. The guides were both friendly and did let us play our own music which I appreciated. The positive notes pretty much ends there....there was no "tour" part of the actual bike ride. No explanations of where we were heading and we only went to 2 out of three bars that the website listed. The specials at each bar were okay but nothing too great. 

We also had a rough experience with the open bar package we booked. Overall, it wasn't what I expected or what I thought we paid for. The bike was fun but I rather just walk to the bars and get regular happy hour specials then pay for any of that other stuff again.
Three other friends and I did the midtown pub crawl. Our driver was Jess and bar buddy was Dominic. Both were super nice and fun to hang out with. They were singing and dancing the whole time and made the atmosphere lively. I did this for my birthday and there was another birthday girl on the bike so they played about three hip hop birthday type songs. Everything wlse was main stream music that you can dance or sing along too. We stopped at Irish pub and McGillian neither place was super crowded so it was nice to order and drink at our own pace. They gave us about 25 minutes at each bar. The biking portion is fun, you definitely work up a little sweat so be sure to dress nice but comfy. Overall, my friends and I had a blast and I would definitely recommend for a special event or something different. Thank you for making my 25th birthday fun!
Not gonna lie, that was a workout!! But it was also one of the most fun workouts I have ever had, and it didn't hurt that we got to stop for beers in between workouts! We had a blast pedaling around while jamming out to music through the streets of Philly. They say you can bring your own iPods or music to connect to their system but we haide d 2 different people try to connect theirs and it didn't work. No worry, they had great music to listen to anyways. 

We did the Philly By Night pub crawl, and we all had a great time!! The Irish pubs they stop at along the way were good, and they give you a good amount of time at each stop (30 mins) to let you get your drinks and then move along. There are drink specials at each stop for the group. 

The pedaling.... it's a workout!! Everyone in our group has sore calves, quads, butts, and hamstrings today. The Pedicycle does have an assist motor on it, but our driver didn't seem to want to kick in it at any point. 

Our driver, Bennett, was friendly and fun... our tour guide (I don't even remember her name) might as well not have even been there. She had the personality of wallpaper and just sat there texting the entire time, and never interacted with our group at all. 

Helpful hints: the 3-person bench in the back and the 2 seats over the wheels on the sides don't have pedals, so you basically get a free ride if you're in those spots. Aim for those if you wanna be lazy, and for everyone else in your group to hate you. Also, whoever sits next to the driver on his right side gets control over the horn for the Pedicycle. It's fun!
We had a BLAST on this tour, it was so unique & fun. There were 5 in our group aged 15 through 72 and everyone enjoyed themselves. The guides were knowledgeable and we just loved the stops in areas off-the-beaten-path. May do it again!
WOW! When my wife and I and a group of friends went on a pub crawl via a pedacycle in Philly, my expectations were high. Even so, my expectations were exceeded! I would have never guessed that we would have so much fun. The Big Red guide was awesome, the bars were great, and we had a blast. If you are looking for an unique, adult fun night out -- hop on a big red pedal pub crawl
Overall, a great way to spend a Saturday afternoon with decent drink specials. Each of the bars we visited were just empty enough that it was easy to find a table but not so empty that we were the only people in the bar. 

Our tour guide was super personable but not the best DJ, though, she was open to song suggestions and ideas. Our bike wasn't totally full so she jumped in to "help" pedal. That said, the tour is definitely motorized so you don't really need to pedal. 

Pro tip: bring a bottle of water if it's a warm day.
Did this for my 25th birthday and we all had so much fun! We did the Midtown village 12pm tour! It took 10 minutes for us to all sign the waiver and we were off.  We were scheduled to go to Plough of the Stars, Rotten Ralphs, and Top Tomato.  We were all given stickers to wear and assumed that each bar would have specials or an area for us to sit.  Rotten Ralphs was very rude and made it obvious they didn't want us there, granted it was our last stop and we were all tipsy, we didn't even end up staying for one drink.  Plough of the stars seemed a little to fancy for us but still got a drink.  Top tomato was the only bar that was pretty empty and was very welcoming.  All in all, had an amazing birthday but would of liked better accommodations at the bars we were going to!
