We picked Birchtree to cater our wedding because they were the only caterer whose sample menus made us drool. We ended up with a fun, family-style meal (with so many compliments that evening!) and it was easy to work with chef Rasa to fit in some of our special requests.

In addition to the incredible food, Jenna and Allegra's organizing & coordinating experience (rentals, timing, etc. their team even set up lots of our decorations and brought bug spray for our outdoor location, and completely cleaned up our site afterwards) were key. They made the day run so smoothly and we actually had time to kick back and enjoy our wedding reception!

If you're reading this review, you're probably just starting to choose sites, caterers, etc. Just know that producing a full-blown meal in a warehouse or the woods costs a lot. A restaurant reception (where staff fees, rentals, etc. are all included) or food trucks (ditto with those paper places) are 2 options to save significant dollars. But if you choose to go with caterers, we can't recommend Birchtree enough.
These folks do it all. I have now been to three Birchtree catered events. The food is always spectacular. 

They made some kind of white bean puree that was to die for. I need that recipe! Also the braised lamb shank. Falling off the bone and herbacious.

They also do wedding decorations that are whimsical and elegant.  

Why mess around? Go for the best. Hire Birchtree for your next event!
I love when clients tell me they are bringing in Birchtree Catering for their events.  It means the client will have a great experience and that our venue will be well cared for.  Jenna, Allegra, and Rasa are wonderful to work with- very friendly and professional.

Birchtree pops up in my conversations with other venues, vendors, and chefs across the city.  I am not alone in being impressed with their involvement in the community, their sustainability goals, and [obviously] their excellent food.  Especially with wedding-planning: Birchtree strikes me as being completely up-to-date on what couples want while making each event creative and unique. 

I'm sure they can craft many impressive party styles, but their vintage chic style is straight-out-of-Pinterest perfection, and it fits our natural/historic setting so well.  They are on our preferred caterer list, and I enthusiastically recommend them to anyone planning an event here.

- Branda, Facilities Coordinator at Awbury Arboretum
Birchtree seriously made our wedding amazing. When we were first looking for venues and caterers, the venues kept telling us that Birchtree would execute our vision perfectly. And they were all right! I'm not sure how I can explain how great they are to work with, but I'm gonna try. 

The food was literally a life changing experience. After having Rasa's (the head chef) Gazpacho, my wife claims she can never have another. It ruined all lesser Gazpachos! Also, the mushroom seitan sliders opened a whole new world for me. I had no idea what seitan was before our tasting, but now I'm hooked!

And Jenna did a fantastic job with the decorations. Seriously, it looked exactly like we wanted it to. We made our own favors (my wife made jam, and I made biscotti), and Jenna created the cutest presentation for them. 

I could go on and on about how great they were, but that would get boring. Planning a wedding is supposed to be extremely stressful, but Birchtree really did make it easy on us. And on our day, they were all there making sure everything went right. And it did!

Thanks ladies, we loved everything!
What can I say about this amazing company!!  We picked them for my stepdaughter's wedding and they really delivered!  So accommodating and attentive to detail-very easy to work with!  Very professional and experienced owners!  Wait staff that works with them was awesome!  They even were willing to purchase the tomatoes for the salad from my stepdaughter's CSA.  They take the stress out of wedding planning!
My wife and I planned our wedding with Birchtree over the course of the past year.  We sent hundreds of emails back and forth, and obtained dozens of promises which went completely unfulfilled by Birchtree staff.
 
Absolutely everyone we invited had a fantastic time at our wedding, but Birchtree was unable to properly coordinate the event and maintain fidelity to our established timeline.

To start, we worked with three different event planners over the course of our planning process.  We were unimpressed by all of them, and perplexed as to their inattention to detail.  We were not informed until after the fact that our first planner had departed and then Birchtree replaced our event planner with an inexperienced / unwilling planner who was not up to task.  We ended up working with our third and final wedding planner, at which point all of our timeline and wedding plans had to be explained for a third time.  

Each and every detail of our wedding timeline and party info was passed onto our third planner.  We were met with glowing affirmations that each and every detail would be attended to.  We had a map drawn of where to place rented furniture, where to place the photo booth, where to hang decorations, where to place flower arrangements.  Each and every detail was explained via email, met with affirmations, and subsequently disregarded by Birchtree staff on the day of our wedding.

Dozens of emails were sent to finalize what alcohol would be served.  My wife and I selected three wines, three beers, and a specialty cocktail for the wedding.  Despite numerous affirmations that labels would be placed on these alcohol options, Birchtree did not label anything, and our guests were walking around our wedding having no idea what they were drinking, what their options were.  Birchtree also ran out of drink ingredients for our specialty drink.

Finally, the most egregious error made by Birchtree involved our 'cutting of the cake' ceremony, which was agreed to several times by both email and in-person meetings.  Our event coordinator was not on site during dessert serving time, and my wife and I were aghast when dessert and coffee began being served without any coordination or announcement.  We realized then that we would not be able to serve one another cake and deliver the once-in-a-lifetime photo opportunity for our family and photo books.  I cannot overstate our sense of hurt for having missed that opportunity.

While these errors may seem slight, keep in mind that we paid Birchtree nearly $30,000 for their services.  We requested and obtained a refund from Birchtree for our planning time wasted, and their continuity errors and lack of fidelity to our established timeline and agreements.  We still feel that Birchtree made too much money off of their sub par service.

My wife and I emphatically warn against contracting Birchtree to cater your wedding.
Women owned business, featuring seasonal menus & sustainable event catering, yes! Chef Rasa and event planner Jenna were always quick to respond to emails and calls. While I ultimately decided to go with another company, Birchtree scored solid points in my book.

Tech savvy - with Pinterest pages and lots of beautiful pictures to share - Birchtree puts its best foot forward. In calls Rasa was friendly and professional, going through our proposal and menu point by point. 

The buffet style option was the most cost effective at Birchtree, and while competitive with other caterers when it came to per person costs, it wasn't the style of service I wanted for my wedding.  

Based on my limited experience dealing with Birchtree I'd highly recommend reaching out to them. Maybe next time (err, um, special event, not wedding)!
Birchtree catered my 30th birthday party held at Ruba Club. It was a 90's grunge theme party titled, My so-called party. Birchtree Catering embraced the theme -- Chef Rasa crafted a menu with delicious themed dishes, the staff attended in costume and they delighted my guests with perfectly grunge table decorations. Birchtree's attention to local & seasonal foods and sustainability make them a feel-good choice. Their delicious food, and stress-free event planning and decorating make them the best.
Unfortunately, Birchtree is now the exclusive caterer for Awbury Arboretum, a venue that we LOVED. This review is not for the food, which we didn't taste, but the organization and customer service. We contacted Birchtree in early June, had to wait to get an email invite to schedule a 30 minute phone call 2 weeks out,  and wait almost another 4 weeks to receive the proposed menus. We contacted Birchtree about the wait and received no reply, so contacted Awbury twice in order to try to get in touch. Then we got an email - not even a phone call - "thanking us for our patience" in a really insincere way that made it clear we weren't going to be working with a caterer who was so clearly not excited to be working with us. Very expensive proposal for not a lot of food, and just a really disappointing experience with a company that has such good reviews. We are extremely disappointed that we will not be able to use Awbury Arboretum as our wedding venue. Also - as mentioned in a previous review, Birchtree does not give you a day of coordinator until the last minute, so you run the risk of having the details of your day lost in the sauce and/or having to explain your vision to several different new people along the way. I would never work with this company based on their customer service - you can't run a catering company and ignore people's emails for weeks on end, forcing us to contact the venue to try to intervene. That's beyond ridiculous . . . as is nearly 8 grand for a chicken and waffles brunch menu for 50 people.
We had the wonderful Birchtree team cater our wedding a month ago and it was everything we had hoped for and more!

First of all, what an incredible group! Before we met with Birchtree we had met with one other local caterer that had come highly-recommended but just didn't leave a good impression. Our first meeting with Rasa & Allegra pretty much sealed the deal. 

We went in already knowing what Birchtree was about (which is why we were considering them), but we were really impressed with the way they handled themselves. They were very organized and had great ideas - not only with regard to the menu but also relating to the logistics of the entire event. Even though they gave us their input they wanted to hear from us exactly what we were all about and what we wanted. Throughout the whole experience their attentiveness and communication was excellent. Once we sampled some of their work it was settled. 

The food at our wedding was delicious and truly unique. The menu was tailored to the region, the season, our guest list and of course our own palettes. We were able to offer our guests both traditional food options as well as some more creative wedding fare. For example, during cocktail hour we had a taco bar (!!) and as part of the dinner we had a summer vegetable pasta. 

One of my favorite elements were two sort of signature drinks that Rasa created for us: a thyme lemonade and a black iced tea with muddled berries and fresh herbs. The drinks were beautiful, tasty and offered with/without alcohol. As we had requested, dinner was served family style, with large bowls of food brought out to each table. There were no lines and no wait for the food. The whole Birchtree staff working the event were very pleasant and hard-working. 

We were extremely happy with Birchtree and we wish them the best!!
Birchtree recently catered my wedding at The Powerplant and it was amazing! The planning process was made easy with help from chef Rasa and our coordinator, Annie.  When you work with Birchtree, you aren't picking from some list of limited or formulaic package deals.  I felt like the possibilities were endless! 

We had so many options and choices with our food and everything was so customizable. Everything from our cocktail hour (a mix of passed appetizers + a cheese board) to our signature cocktails to our family style dinner was great.  There was lots of food and it was quality as well as quantity.  Birchtree sources from local farms and everything they use is in season.  Sustainable & local aren't just buzzwords.  It's nice to know that you are helping to support local farms and businesses and all produce used is in season for the best flavor. Birchtree also supplies a very helpful bar buying guide and made specific recommendations which came in VERY helpful, especially when it came to knowing which specific wines would go well with the food they were serving. They can also do special meals for those kind of annoying vegan/gluten-free/allergic-to-everything friends who can't just eat normal food.

Getting a wedding coordinator as part of the package deal was extremely helpful.  Annie coordinated walk-throughs with the venue, was in touch with our vendors and kept us on-deadline.
I had the lovely privilege to attend a Birchtree event and it was ALL worth it.  

Allegra and Rasa are personable, attentive, and experts at what they do.  They do a superb job from start to finish and with great detail!

Rasa is a genius. Period.  She has a great way of explaining each and every dish that was being presented for you to devour.  It's innovative, it's unique, and it was made for me.  Well maybe not specifically for me, but I know I never had it any where else!   They use all fresh produce/meats and they pride themselves with sustainable ingredients from the area.  What more can you say about an excellent caterer?  

I would definitely book them for any upcoming events to caterer, hands down.  It would convert any non-foodies in a heartbeat.  Come willing, come all and love Birchtree!
We loved loved LOVED working with Birchtree. You know you have a great caterer when on the day of your wedding you know you don't have to worry about a single detail. They really were that kind of caterer.

FOOD:
The food was incredible. We are big foodies, and we didn't want the regular "chicken or steak" options. Chef Rasa is so talented and creative, we were able to pick out our perfect menu. And they were completely open to customizing things based on our tastes. Our guests raved about the food (we devoured our entrees) and we heard that the kids ate up all of their pizza (yes, they have great kid-friendly options as well). An added bonus - after we recessed from the ceremony, they have a sampling of all the passed appetizers for us so that we could get a bite to eat alone with each other. Just a small yet important detail.

EVENT COORDINATOR:
We started off with a coordinator who eventually left the company, and eventually transferred to Nicole. The transition was completely seamless. Nicole put me at complete ease during our final walkthrough, and gave me total confidence that she and Birchtree had everything under control. She is SO mindful of everything that you are going through, and she really does take every step to make things easier for you. I remember feeling so thankful that anytime I needed her (I can't find my bouquet! Why is my family not here yet for portraits?), Nicole always seemed to be right behind me already on her way to fix/fetch anything I needed. She is an absolute pro and I am indebted to her for ensuring our wedding ran smoothly.

WEDDING DAY SET-UP:
Bircthree did an amazing job setting up our ceremony, cocktail hour, and reception. I had specific instructions about where I wanted certain things, and everything was in its right place. I couldn't help but beam when I would enter a room that I had been imaging for months and it was exactly how I pictured it.

Thank you Birchtree!
I cannot express how much I loved Birchtree Catering for my wedding. 

For any of the ladies our there who want to have a unique, almost anthroplogie-type wedding, these ladies will make it happen.

The food was delicious (Rasa is an amazing chef). The wedding day ran smooth (Allegra is tightly organized and professional). Everything looked gorgeous (Jenna has a flawless eye for design).  I was as equally as stunned as my guests.

As any bride would, I felt stressed and overwhelmed when I started planning, and after meeting Birchtree everything fell into place. I got butterflies any time we met. They were always on top of everything during the whole process.

Being an Art Director as my profession, I really had a specific vision (anybody who knows graphic designers and art directors know they're anal about detail). 

Birchtree really made it all possible. I love you ladies!
I am so lucky I found Birchtree. I contacted about 5 different catering companies when I got engaged, and Birchtree was the quickest to respond, and the most attentive to my needs and budget. Allegra and Rasa were able to develop a menu and plan that fit our budget all while staying classy and tasty. Allegra was by my side throughout the entire process, and was always calm, collected and quick. I always received a timely response, and never felt any pressure to go one way or another. In addition to being down right fantastic, they use local food! So you know what you are getting is quality and not mass-produced. Everyone at my wedding raved about the vegetable lasagna and bacon wrapped dates, just to name a few. I really do not think I would have been treated so wonderfully from any other caterer. If your caterer cannot get back to you with a quote on something in a day or two, then you do not matter to them. I was able to contact Allegra or Rasa with no problem, and knew that they cared about me as a client, and my event. Allegra coordinated my wedding, and I really could not have asked for a better person to take charge. She is worth every penny. Jeremy ran the buffet at my event, and managed the servers- who were also friendly and attentive. I have not a single regret about working with Birchtree. My wedding would not have operated so smoothly if not for this team of professionals. I would gladly recommend Birchtree to anyone looking to impress at their wedding. This is the people you want if you really want to amaze and astound your guest list. Hire them, you will not regret it.
Booking Birchtree Catering was a no brainer decision right from the start! I read perfect reviews of their company on Weddingwire, then took one look at their website and it was obvious they had style and creativity, and the food looked amazing. (and, after our Oct 6th wedding, I can fully attest that it is.) 

From the start, Rasa and Allegra were extremely quick to respond to all emails. After we met and had our tasting, I felt like I'd known them for a long time! They're so personable and down to earth. My fiance and I were all smiles and happy palates after trying their food and we decided to hire them for our wedding on the spot, even though we didn't meet with or talk to any other caterers. When you know it's right, it's right! 

Working on the Menu with Rasa was also fun and I learned a lot about seasonal foods. She has so many good ideas and is very flexible as well. We had the happy realization that we both loved perogies and both had family recipes passed down through generations. When we got to try her *delicious* perogies, they were just like my gramam's! This kind of unique touch is what sets Rasa and Birchtree apart. 

Deciding on the rentals with Allegra, and working out the other details, was also painless and easy. They really know what they're talking about in all things wedding! From the food to the table clothes.

As for the day of-- I had NO stress over any details because everything was taken care of by Rasa and her very helpful and kind coordinator, Jason. They even set up some decorations that we didn't have time to arrange, and I couldn't have done it better myself. They also had creative ideas we hadn't thought of. 

I had high expectations for the food, and they were exceeded. :) Many people told me how it was so unique and "not typical wedding food" which is exactly what we wanted. Others said it was the best food they'd had at a wedding. Trying to be objective, I have to completely agree. 

Anywho- book Birchtree. It will be your best wedding planning decision!

Thanks again, Rasa, Allegra, Jason, and Jenna! 
Beth
What else can I say about this catering company (run by fabulous team of women) that has not already been said. They were truly, truly dream caterers for our rustic elegant garden wedding. Chef Rasa was a delight to work with from the start.  She honors your ideas and preferences and churns up food items that are whimsical, sophisticated, and delightful. Her culinary talent impressed many fussy eaters at our wedding. She is the kind of hardworking and talented chef that every bride and groom wishes to have by their side.  Her responsiveness,  communication, and experience with global food resulted in a delicious family style dinner which everyone is still raving about.  Jenna was critical in executing the rustic- elegant decor ideas we had for our wedding...bringing in her own experience and thoughts to tie in the whole look. Together, Allegra, Chef Rasa, and Jenna delivered what we had envisioned for our most important day. They are professional and passionate about what they do. Book them for your wedding and watch 80% of your wedding stress vanish into thin air.  For the other 20% you will need an excellent maid-of-honor and some really good quality Belgium chocolates ;)
The team at Birchtree was absolutely amazing.  We couldn't have picked a better vendor to cater our wedding.  They made my wedding day flawless and I didn't have to worry about a single thing.  Their team took care of everything.  

The food was spectacular!!  All of our guests were very impressed with the apps, plated dinners and various other snacks that were provided throughout the night. People were raving about the food for days.   

The staff is very personable and accommodating.  They went far beyond the expectations I had from the start.  I highly recommend them.
Echoing other reviews, Birchtree was professional, responsive, delicious, and willing and happy to work with and contribute to our very particular vision for a localgreenDIY backyard wedding, which went off without a hitch.  I have zero misgivings about our experience with them, in fact they went well above and beyond, rescuing us from a bit of our own chaos, and I am happy to enthusiastically and glowingly recommend them!
Where to even begin about Birchtree. They are just above and beyond a wedding caterer on so many levels--from the initial time and care they took with putting together our menu, to the tasting, to the execution of the food and special cocktails. Our guests--some who are snobby New York foodies--raved about the menu and the drinks and variety of flavors and textures they were served under a tent in South Jersey this September. 

But beyond the food, Birchtree provided crucial coordination and planning services that I had no idea would be so very key when we signed up with them. They thought of things we never would have considered to anticipate--like what to do with leftover flowers or when will all the deliveries be made and who will tip them. For an unusual wedding--ours was at a private estate where we had to bring in all the vendors ourselves--this made the difference between a flawless event and total disaster--which it might well have been without their assistance! I never felt hammered over the head, just gently prodded in the right direction. 

Their day of catering staff were friendly and competent, they are women owned and use local produce, even the paper goods were compostable. And you can't beat them for value. This is a catering service you can feel good and secure about on so many levels.
we used birchtree to cater and put together our wedding reception this past weekend at the magic gardens.  we looked high and low for a company that would be able to offer fantastic food while also providing rental and decor services.  birtchtree did it all.  we had an unforgettable event and our guests are still raving about the food and the party. 

the staff at birchtree-- allegra, chef rasa, annie, jenna, paige are kind, gracious, accommodating, and thoughtful.  they pay attention to the details so you don't have to worry at the last minute.  

we could not be happier about the services that birchtree provided.  the vision we had for our party- elegant, colorful but low key with amazing food- was brought to fruition 10-fold.  please use them for your parties and weddings and everything else in between!
Birchtree Catering's team of planners, designers & chef worked seamlessly to create a perfect feast for my wedding.  They were attentive, creative & extremely professional, yet touchingly personal; Birchtree Catering was invested in producing beautiful results.  My wedding bliss was heightened by the fantastic, local "Farmer's Table", which featured a spread of cheeses, mustards, butters (cauliflower butter!), pickles & smoked meats.  How many brides can regale the fromage accoutrements?  Thank you Birchtree, our wedding was unforgettable!
My husband and I are foodies - we're big on creative dishes and top-notch service, and we spend most of our disposable income eating at some of the city's best restaurants. So, our natural reaction when we searched for wedding caterers was to get quotes from the celebrity chefs (Garces, Starr, etc.) first. Then, after we had been sufficiently sticker-shocked and underwhelmed by the proposals we received, our wedding venue, Philadelphia Distilling, referred us to Birchtree. 

From the first call we had with them, we were sold. They really "got us" and understood what we wanted. They were also very transparent about what we could expect and what the pricing was - no surprises, no games, just true professionals.

Over the next few months we custom designed our menu with Chef Rasa (this is how they do it). She was a master at listening to our crazy food requests and converting them into a menu that a group of 70 picky eaters and foodies could all enjoy. 

On the day of our wedding, everything went down in unimaginable perfection. They didn't skip a beat. Our guests were Instagramming the appetizers, and when they finished eating them, nobody had to wait longer than a minute to dispose of any toothpicks and napkins they were holding. To put it simply, the food and service exceeded even our own high expectations. The food became a focal point of the wedding - which is what we wanted - and our guests are still commenting on it today. 

Birchtree was a fantastic partner for us. I say partner because we really felt like they were there to help us figure it out and make things easier, which is what you really need when you're planning a wedding.

I can't recommend Birchtree enough. They are the kind of caterer that can flex to accommodate any vision you have (ours just happened to include pork belly jelly donuts, but that's just our style).
Just went to my first Supper club and will definitely be going back. The venue and the food were paired so perfectly, the band was playing some amazing ambient jams and everything was so delicious. Every course was amazing and featured locally sourced ingredients. All that and a few glasses of wine leads to a super cool, great time. Rasa and the Birchtree gang were all awesome! Highly recommend that everybody check one of these events out
Working with Birchtree was seamless starting with the first correspondence. They follow through with everything they promise and they are lovely to work with. In the pre-planning process I mainly worked with Rasa and Nicole and they made me feel confident that my wedding would go exactly as planned. By the end of my wedding night, the exceptional food was what people were talking about.
Right from the beginning we knew we had found the right caterer in Birchtree.  After interviewing several popular Philadelphia area caterers it was refreshing to meet Rasa and Jenna (and later Allegra) - they got our aesthetic right from the start.   Both were open and encouraging of our own ideas and had great suggestions that highlighted their expertise and professionalism. 

We had several vendors that we chose to work with (a BBQ smoker to complement Birchtree's entree options and an ice cream cart for dessert) and Birchtree did a great job not only running point but also bringing everyone together. 

Throughout the whole process Birchtree was supportive and flexible - allowing us to DIY aspects to save money and explore our creative vision.  Also, email communication was excellent, we always had a reply to any question within a few hours.

We were also pleased with assistance offered to style aspects of the event...pricing out vintage benches and furniture, sourcing butcher paper runners and staking and hanging gorgeous globe string lights.  

This was all in addition to the delicious beautiful and local and seasonal food and cocktails Chef Rasa creates.  The day of food really was just as good as the tasting.  A significant number of our guests have told us it was the best meal they have ever had at a wedding!  ...and we were happy to give them a taste of some of the great local food from our area. 

The actual event was truly magical and executed perfectly... the day of staff was great.  I will never hesitate to recommend Birchtree to anyone planning an event, truly a pleasure to work with.  Everyone deserves ten stars but Yelp only lets us give 5:)  

- Liz & Joe
We just had Birchtree Catering do our wedding extravaganza last weekend at my summer camp in the Pocono Mts & we don't have the words to truly express how amazing they were. From the moment I called them I knew I was in the hands of awesome, hip, smart, loving and creative people. Jenna literally made my wedding pinterest board COME TO LIFE. Even at our tasting she had set up my mini wedding for me and Chef Rasa's food blew us all away. Every morsel was exsquisite!!! The attention to detail, thought & care they put into everytyhing they do is absolutely unparalleled. On our wedding day, they pulled of an absolutely enchanting vision and paired it with a feast !!!! Jenna understood exactly what I was going for and made it happen times a million. The compliments we received on the decor and food are too many to count !!!! Everyone, even my friends who are planners and chefs themselves, were completely IN AWE of Birchtree's work and salivating over Chef Rasa's food. Ummm bacon cups with molasses beans?? I'll have 10 !! ( I think I did ) Everyone was fabulous & about a dozen guests couldn't stop saying 'It looks like Wes Anderson directed this wedding!!!!' which is excatly what I wanted :). ~~ NO ONE IN THE WORLD IS BETTER THAN BIRCHTREE CATERING!!!!!    Jenna, Chef Rasa & Allegra .... Bravo to you all ... we are forever in debt to you and are honored to now call you friends. To many happily ever afters to come, 
     Maria & Terry Latham
Birchtree made our wedding an incredible experience for all. They were a pleasure to work with, had an amazing eye for design, made a mean cocktail and best of all - cooked up a delicious menu! 

We had several people tell us that they've never had such fresh and tasty wedding food. Our menu was Pescetarian, and they didn't bat an eye coming up delicious with options for all guests. 

Best of all, they put my wife's mind at-ease, knowing that the wedding of her dreams/designs would be perfectly executed. They kept the wedding moving like clockwork the day of. We highly recommend Birchtree!
If you get to have a Birchtree experience consider yourself lucky.    Such a talented and passionate group whose execution is spot on.   We had them caterer our wedding which was outside in a tent and 185 people and it was seamless.    I am still getting rave reviews about the food.     The whole team is so easy to work with and Rasa's calm demeanor is helpful as you go through the crazy wedding planning process.   Annie was on top of everything making sure it was done from before the wedding to being a great day of coordinator.  Allegra and Jaime worked really hard executing everything on the day.   I couldn't ask for a better team of women to make the day go smooth and the food to be top notch!   We are so happy they could be a part of our day and we can't recommend them enough.
One of our few encounters with perfection.

To begin with, our daughter, the reason for this essay, is easy to please as long as things are done her way.  That is to say, she is somewhat idiosyncratic but simultaneously afraid of committing a faux-pas that would be devastating in the presence of her  friends but completely undetectable to us.  Her fiancé was equally challenging.

Not to worry as Rasa, Allegra, and Jenna were prepared for the challenge.

The theme was bicycle-driven, the food was American Southern and, despite temperatures in the 90s, the party was a grand success.

The Birchtrees  arranged for everything and delivered on time, with great skill, and displayed Solomonic wisdom during the planning and the doing.

Dinner for 50 was served at dusk under a tent in our (small) back yard, illuminated with tiny light bulbs suspended between fabric pennants.  The effect was magical.

The setup took place on time and the cleanup went flawlessly.

We have a bachelor son and look forward to a repeat experience, a although hopefully on someonelses's dime.
We used Birchtree for our wedding, and everything was perfect.
By the time the day came, I, the groom, was mentally worthless. Nobody warned me of this phenomenon, so I am warning you, the reader. Just plan on your brain not working that week. The day still went smoothly, because of Rasa at Birchtree. Things happened, like the shuttle bus running late, but she kept everything moving along, even though I had almost no valuable input.
The food was delicious. Everybody was happy. We knew they'd nail that part, but they really went above and beyond with moving the night along smoothly, staying on top of everything during the week before.
Thanks, Birchtree!
Birchtree catered our wedding on September 6th. My husband and I wanted a low-key, fun and romantic party for our 65 guests. We are mid-40s  New Yorkers, and were initially not considering even marrying, but when we made the decision, we knew we wanted to make it our own. I was specific with Rasa and Jenna about food choice (French Provencal) and some of the basic decor concepts, and they really added to my idea with enthusiasm and professionalism. These guys made bangin' appetizers and entrees that I am still hearing about from the guests. We chose pies for dessert and my only regret is that I was "brideing around" too much to try a piece.The party was beautiful and fun. I give these guys extra points for their patience and amazing attitudes. We had a unique scenario in which we married on Peter's parents' Colonial farmland property and it rained and stormed that night. I don't even think the guests noticed. It was THAT fun of a party. Even though we live in NYC I am thinking of grabbing some of our buddies and coming to some of their Supper parties. Don't even bother looking for another caterer. Love you gals!
I would recommend Birchtree for any event.  

Birtchtree catered my small backyard wedding. They never had the attitude that less than 50 people wasn't worth their time, which was an issue with many companies.  Rasa was fantastic to work with through the whole process - from tasting, to menu tweaks, to invoicing (all of which were made slightly harder because we were planning from DC, not Philly).  I would work with her again in a heartbeat.

Everything from the tasting to the food to the service was top notch.  We were completely comfortable with the caterers in our home and with set up.  Staff was professional and warm/welcoming.  They even packed up the leftovers and left them in our fridge (we had a family style service).  And I cannot rave enough about the food quality - one of the most important things for us.   Almost a year later we still get friends raving about the food.
They are beyond fantastic. They were able to cater our wedding completely gluten-free so I could eat safely at my own wedding. 

The services they provide are worth every penny paid. They worked with all of our vendors to ensure our wedding day not only went smoothly but that all my husband and I had to do was show up and get married. 

The food was delicious, Rasa is absolutely AMAZING (ask to try the ginger fizz!), Natalie our day of coordinator through Birchtree had our ceremony and reception on lock down and we were able to let go and have fun. Birchtree helped us from start to finish and I cannot praise them enough.
The Birchtree Staff came in for a work lunch tasting. I would say our group was very very pleased with the quality of their work. You can tell they truly care about what they are making and our they are sustaining their prep. I loved the idea of the compo stable serving ware such a unique and lovely idea. Be sure to take a look at their seasonal catering menus for events and weddings. Customer service is an A+ with Birchtree along with the quality of their meals! Looking forward to using Birchtree in the near future for an event :)
