Blue Bell is a hidden gem on the Germantown side of the Wissahickon Creek. It is one of Fairmount Park's best parks because it is used for so many diverse things. 

1. Dog Park-- Lots of room to run, lots of things to investigate on the edges of the field, lots of small and long trails to hike! I'm actually not a fan of a lot of the people who come here with their dogs. Not a lot of control going on (more that casual, "beeeeenji, come back" kind of dog watching. which is okay unless you have a big dog and have to deal with their little yappy biting bastard.) Most of the more responsible owners come during the day when it's empty or skip the park altogether and just hike the trails. That said, if you are a more social, stand-around kind of owner-- this is the park for you: around 5:00-6:00 pm there has gotta be about 40 people and their dogs congregating and hanging out in the field.

2. Picnic Areas-- this is one of the premiere spots inthe Northwest for family/ school/ fraternity / sorority reunions, Memorial and Labor Day Parties, you name it. With 5 separate picnic areas, there can even be multiple events going on at once (though Picnic Area #5 is the prime one and is closest to the pavilion). I have even seen people pull trucks out into the field and set up bbq pits and tables on the grass! They HAD two Porta Potties which were both sparklingly clean and always stocked with Toilet Paper (yay!), but recently they got rid of the blue one (private contractors not Fairmount Park). There is a pavilion with 3 picnic tables and a working fireplace.

3. Access to Hiking/Biking Trails: So, you can get to both the hill bike trails and the main hiking trail from at least 6 small trails that I can think of off the top of my head (I attached pics of a couple of them). The wonderful people at Fairmount Park are currently renovating this Park's access, and are about half done-- gosh, every once in a blue moon I am proud of our Philly government...

4. Parking: regretfully for them, many people do not live near the Wissahickon Valley and have to drive here. Parking lots with easy access to Creek Trails are essential. Blue Bell has a TON of parking and is pretty empty except for peak times. Peak times are as follows (caveat: this is based only on my own observations). WEekdays-- early morning, say 8:00-9:00 am; evening, say 5:00-7:00 pm; weekends, ALL DAY. Another thing to be aware of is that Germantown Friends' softball team seems to use the field, though randomly. Just be aware that you might head over to get away from the dogs, be lounging in left field reading a book, when 30 screaming girls will pour of a yellow bus and swarm you...

5.Baseball Field: very well-groomed (as I mentioned, GFS' softball team uses it). Best thing of all is that they also have a pitching "cage" and a batting "cage" (both are netting). The pitching cage even has a bounce back net with strike zone hole!

6. Porta Potty: Last but not least, one of the major uses of this park is to go to the bathroom: trash men, water department, roofers, landscapers, regular Joes in suits and ties-- they ALLLLLLL come here to use the bathroom. And only to use the bathroom. As you can see from the pictures, the Porta Potty is CLEAN and always stocked with TP. I don't know about you, but having somewhere in an emergency (and knowing where it is) is a major quality of life issue :) there's always the woods, but I am getting old...

HOURS: From April 1 through October 31 the parking lot is open from 8:00 am to 9:00 pm, November 1 through March 31 they close it up at 6:00 pm. But no worries, there is plenty of parking on Walnut Lane's shoulder and there are plenty of trails leading from the street. Also, when they are going to lock the gate at closing, the Ranger will drive in with his lights (like tow lights) flashing and will play a megaphone/speaker announcement that the park is closing (and it's usually at least a half hour late....)

So whether you are taking care of a dog, hiking, biking, relaxing or just need to go to the bathroom, don't forget about Blue Bell Park!
Lucky for me this park is about a mile from my house.  Even luckier, there are trails that take you from this park to forbidden drive and the other fun trails. 

It's also an unofficial dog park.  My dog is not good off leash and also is not friendly with other dogs, so we go during off peak times so I can let him run around in the field.  But almost everytime we go, there is at least 1 dog with apatheic dog owners who don't seem to care that I warn them that my big 120 lb bulldog will eat their dog for a snack.

This isn't a fault of the park, but a warning to other dog owners who are thinking of going to the park.

Also I believe on Sundays there are softball games there, so parking will be very limited.  

It's a great park to bring kids, well behaved dogs on leases, to play softball, or to go for a hike or trail run.
This is not a place for dogs off leash. Please respect the work of the Parks & Recreation, Blue Bell Hill Civic, Friends of the Wissahickon,  and all the hard working volunteers who make this a great park and follow the leash law. Keep Blue Bell Park safe and pleasant for everyone.
Blue Bell Park is a clean park with minimal facilities, access to Wissahickon Park hiking trails and parking. On both of our trips to Blue Bell we were only using it for it's parking and access to hiking.  The park is large and clean and blends into Wissahickon at the treeline. There is lots of room for dogs to run around (and they usually are) and once we saw a large company picnic being hosted there.  There is a picnic pavilion and some tables, but there is no playground however.
Best park ever if you're a dog lover. My dog and I are regulars here, along with a wonderful person-dog community that responsibly enjoy and love the park. The trails are a joy, and so much fun to run or hike.
Visited blue bell park for a birthday party on Saturday. The area we were in was open but I did see a pavilion so I'm assuming there's a few available throughout the park. Parking was provided which was helpful but I can see parking being a task on a nice day. There were port-o-potties available where we were located and also plenty of shade. Didn't get a chance to walk around due to the party but I did see a lot of folks and their pets walking around when my friend told me there was a unofficial but official dog park. I would visit this park again on a nice day to relax and enjoy the sun.
