As long as I can remember this strip of boathouses has been lit with lights. Beautiful view across the Schuylkill River at night.
I loved visiting Boathouse Row. It was so adorable and loads of fun seeing all the different colors and architectural styles of the 19th century with some dating back as early as 1853. They house various rowing clubs  

They are located along Kelly Drive in Fairmount Park near Lemon Hill. During the night they are lit up in various colors like its Christmas with LED lights. They are best seen from the other side of the Schuylkill River to get a real picturesque view.

A must see when visiting Philly.
The Quick: Could anything be more beautiful then boat houses on the water?  Lines of houses you can't afford with beautiful kayaks, random surfboards, and grandma bikes on the lawns. An easy must see if driving to Philly.
Boathouse row is such a beautiful site. This is a wonderful landmark that adds to my dope city of Philadelphia. Boathouse row is a great touristy site . This is also a great place to bring family and friends to just sit back and relax on the benches while enjoying the views of the city as well as the Schuylkill River.    
 
The line of boathouses are beautiful and at night they light up. They also offer a place where you can rent bikes and go on a bike tour or canoes to go rowing when the weather is nice.

It's also a great place to go for walking in the morning or a evening jog along Kelly drive. They also have a little parking lot where you can park your car .

I look forward to going back and connecting further with nature. Overall thanks boathouse row for giving us drivers on 76 something nice to view while driving,  especially at night!
I am reviewing Boathouse Row from the perspective of one who walks past the houses on the trail. Great to see the boathouses close up from the side not facing the river!  In that area is a great mix of walkers, runners, dog walkers, bikers and more. 

From here you can walk to the Art Museum to the East and miles of trail to the west. 

Parking can be tight close to Boathouse Row so use the small lot just East of Girard bridge.
My favorite place around the Philadelphia city. Very scenic trail to run, walk, jog, do some cycling or just sit and watch water, birds and or people. It's beautiful any time of the day. In the afternoon. It's a bit hustle and bustle on the Kelly drive. You can walk to the Rocky Steps - Philadelphia Museum of arts. Huge area to picnic, play fetch with your dogs or soak the sun. The view is spectacular I. The evening with all the boat house lit with beautiful lights!

It's also a great place to hang out with your friends, there is a cafe where you can get some snacks or beer garden overlooking the Schuylkill river. My favorite thing to do is, pack a little picnic and sit by the water, much and soak sun. 

This place is a must to visit if you like cherry blossoms in spring, the place is just covered with cherry trees and it's spectacular in the spring.
One of the best places to visit during your visit to Philadelphia! As a rower for Bachelors Barge Club, I never get tired of the views of historic Boathouse Row and the Schuylkill river!
Was passing through Philadelphia & saw this. It looked beautiful! Hopefully next time we can stop & explore more.
