This place is horrible.  The customer service is horrible.  I was looking to try someplace in the neighborhood.  When I went in to drop off the woman seemed very rushed and unfriendly.  When I picked up she had trouble gathering my stuff and insisted on keeping my itemized receipt.  My order seemed like it was missing things but she wouldn't give me my receipt back.  When I got home I realized my jump suite which I just wore once was missing.  When I called she answered the phone and didn't let me speak she just said the "she was open and for me to come in."  I called back a few times but she just kept hanging up on me.  After the 4th call I explained that I already picked up my items but thought one of them was missing - she yelled at me and told me it's not her fault that her customers lose things.  I asked if she could look to see if something was left behind and she literally called me a "poo poo" and hung up on me.  You can't make this stuff up??
I have had my wool winter coat and various cashmere sweaters cleaned here.  I took advantage of their opening deal and had all the pieces dry cleaned for a little over 30$.  
However, even at a higher cost the results were top quality. I have a real vintage wool sailors pea-coat, and a white cat at home. When I took my pea-coat in it was covered in white cat fur inside and out. When I picked it up not only was the coat beautifully cleaned and the entire item was de-furred. I had actually tried to de-fur it before bringing it in and gave up 10 minutes in and I was happily surprised at how nice the coat looked when I picked it-up.
The customer service here was wonderful. The women who works here is friendly, easy going. When I came back in to pick up my coat she not only remembered what I was picking up, but she remembered my name and greeted me in a friendly manner.
The dry cleaning is good, but the shoe repair is awesome. I brought in my leather boots to be resoled, and they offered to do the tops, too. I wasn't sure what that meant, but I agreed to it, and when I picked up my boots, they had been transformed-- from all scratched up to practically brand new.
Adding this from another "Brown Street Cleaners" listing here that doesn't show up in searches - what gives, yelp? Anyway, from November 2013:

"After a particularly messy night (to be fair, it was Halloween), I came home with a blouse with various food and drink stains, including half a beer spilled on me. Instead of trucking to center city to my usual dry cleaners my mind wandered back to the "50% off" sign spotted at the new Brown Street Cleaners across from my bus stop. I brought the blouse in feeling embarassed of its condition, but the woman behind the counter (the owner?) was kind and understanding and HONEST, noting she would try her best but couldn't promise anything. At $2 (that's with the with the 50% off promo) I didn't have anything to lose. Fast forward a week (I was late picking up) and the top looks immaculate. Don't know how she did it, but she just earned a new, happy customer in the 'hood. "

UPDATE: The promo is over but service is still great!
Kim is a truly incredible seamstress/tailor!! I brought my wedding dress here and also a jumpsuit for my wedding from BHLDN. Both are fragile fabric and multiple layers. The jumpsuit was a bit of a complicated alteration, and the dress involved a good amount of dealing with lace and silk. Kim not only tailored these to perfection, but you cannot tell at all that any alterations were made. Truly seamless and excellent! I am beyond pleased. She charges a more than fair price, too. Thank you Brown Street Cleaners!!
Horrible service. The lady is very rude and didn't make me feel welcomed. She did a horrible job sewing a simple patch on my coat. The stitching was hideous. I will never go there again or recommend anybody to this place!
