First of all, can we talk about how amazing our Axe Master, LEX was?!? So engaging, humorous, and full of so many good vibes!!!
I didn't know what to expect during my first axe throwing adventure, but the other group my group partnered with were some cool people. The mini games were super fun and creative with the addition of connect four and 21. We played 21 for an official axe throwing trophy on the line that I kinda won...cough cough...Anyway lol
Of course it was BYOB and there was a local beer spot a block away. The best part was learning the technical aspects of throwing from LEX who made us comfortable with our terrible throwing lol 
Overall I can't wait to Axe throw again. Next time I'm bringing cheese steaks
I definitely had my reservations about axe throwing, like how fun could it possibly be? I'm happy to report however, that it's a lot of fun! 
The space is super laid back which adds to the jovial atmosphere. It's a byob which is awesome! And everyone there brought food to enjoy in between throws. We ended up getting pizza delivered. 
Bury the Hatchet doesn't just give you an axe and tell you to have fun. There are different games to enjoy and an axe master assigned to each group to keep score, offer pointers, and occasionally taunt you. The different games keep it interesting. The two hours flew by!
For $40 I can't think of a better way to enjoy two hours of your life. Whether you want to unleash some simmering rage, learn a helpful post-apocalyptic skill, or just partake in something a little different, definitely check this out if you haven't already!
WORST EXPERIENCE - POTENTIAL AXE THROWER BEWARE! 

My husband and I have gone axe throwing several times before at other Philly locations and this was by far the most pathetic and disorganized facility we have been to, and also the most expensive to boot! Do yourself a favor and avoid this sh*tshow, personally I would recommend Urban Axes in Kensington for great value and a focus on small groups.

My experience at Bury the Hatchet: This was supposed to be a fun send-off party for a coworker on his last day. Supposedly, with 9+ people you are guaranteed a private lane with a max of 12 people per lane. We were going to be a group of 14, so I called in advance to ensure that we would have two lanes next to each other. The person on the phone told me to book any two adjacent lanes online and we would end up next to each other. So I was expecting to have two lanes and the possibility of another group mixed in since the website warns that they may combine groups to fit. 

WRONG! Our party of 14 shows up and we had two additions (I checked their online booking that day and confirmed there was plenty of availability) for a total of 16. Instead of fitting us comfortably into two separate lanes, we are squished into one lane, despite far exceeding the maximum throwers per lane of 12. I ask our "Axe Master," a timid, quiet girl whose voice cannot be heard over the din of the other parties, if we could be moved into an adjacent lane. She says no, each of the other 4 or 5 groups there have more than 10 people. There are about 10+ empty lanes that aren't being used and I ask if we can use one of them. Again, the answer is no, something about not having another staff person to supervise an extra lane. I look around and she's right - there is literally no one at the front desk, and no extra bodies to be found. Way to be prepared for business on a Friday night! Since we booked lanes for 10 and 4 originally, I ask what their plan was for the lane of 4 or if they were planning on overbooking us into one lane anyway. She has no answer for this and is desperately trying to dodge my questions at this point, telling me that I could talk to a coordinator AT THE END of the evening, since he is busy teaching another group currently. 

So we commence. Never mind that we can't hear this girl at all (seriously, when you have a giant empty warehouse full of numerous empty lanes, why are all the groups crammed in next to each other against one wall?), we all go through practice throwing that takes about 45 minutes. This leaves about an hour for the 16 of us to throw some actual turns, which ends up being about 3 or 4 turns each. Promptly at the end of our "two hour session," the inaudible girl cuts us off and tells us it's over. Is this worth the $40 plus additional $2 booking fee that they charge per person? Hell no! 

At the end of our evening of sitting around waiting, punctuated by very occasional axe throwing, the coordinator Mark finally gets around to talking to us. He apologizes and offers us a discount if we want to come back. Hilarious. 

So to conclude,

Pros: Large, recently renovated warehouse style space in which to allegedly throw axes.

Cons: You will be cramped together into one lane, adjacent to other large groups cramped into their respective lanes, despite having a mostly empty warehouse in which to spread out. Your assigned Axe Master will not speak loudly enough to hear their instruction over the talk of your neighbors. The facility will be understaffed and unable to address issues in real time. Also, you will pay more for this privilege than any of the other Philly axe throwing options.
This place was awesome!  Came for a private party and was immediately wowed by the spacious and stylish interior with a really nice seating/lounge area...much different than the industrial cinderblock/concrete minimalism of Urban Axes (this whole place overall was better than Urban Axes IMHO, which I'll get to in a bit).

Hopefully one day these places can legally sell alcohol (although I doubt it), but the BYOB aspect is a nice touch and there's fridges for beers/etc. There were tons of throwing lanes in one large square layout, as opposed to Urban which felt smaller and more cramped.

The instructors were great!  Super congenial, funny and informative.  They trained us first, then let us do some practice rounds, then moved us on to the actual competition, which had different challenges and games (we added prizes and money to sweeten the pot!).

I liked that the instructors gave helpful hints every now and again and encouraged us, whereas at Urban it felt like they kind of hovered and tried to perfect you in a few short hours.  It felt kinda stressful there, whereas here I was able to loosen up a bit and go at my own pace.

Now on to the best part - the axes!  They had SO many varieties in all different shapes, sizes and weights, so I was able to get a feel for them and test them all to find the right one (I favored the shorter, blunter axe with the lighter handle but heavier blade).  Plus, they let you throw either one-handed or the classic two-hand. 

It looks easier than it actually is (one-handing is badass but super hard to perfect).  Either way, if you're looking for something to do other than bowling that's not just drinking at a bar, check this place out.
I'm obsessed!!!!!! I've been to Bury the Hatchet twice now. Once for a special event, and again with my friends and family. My most recent visit included 4 of us, so we were paired up in the same lane as another larger group of people (because I think they want 10-12 people per lane). At first, we were apprehensive about this, because we saw 8 other people getting paired up with my group of 4, so my group thought we would get overtaken by the other group ,and our axe throwing time would get minimized, and we wouldn't get as many chances to throw. After 15 minutes, we realized that was not the case. The Axe Master made sure that everyone was participating, and quickly, so that we all had multiple chances to through, often, over and over again. 

We started with a game called "get off my court" which basically means 2 people go head-to-head, 1 shot, and the winner stays in the lane to throw again, against a new opponent, as the loser exits the lane. This was a good quick way to get us throwing the axes to get used to the technique and feel, but also to give everyone plenty of turns. After maybe 30-45 mins of this, we played a new game of boys vs. girls teams, and the team with the most points wins. This was really fun also, and even though it split up our groups, it was OK since we all bonded fine and had a great time. It was a great team building experience. I would have rathered we played a "bracket style" tournament where I can compete against everyone else to have 1 winner. We did this at Urban Axes and I liked it better.

But overall, I love this activity, and this facility. I think Bury the Hatchet is better than its competitor Urban Axes in north philly because Bury the Hatchet has a more social trendy atmosphere.There are TVs to watch the game, cozy couches/chairs to socialize and hang out while others are throwing axes, and BYOB refrigerators near every lane. Also, the layout of the place has all the axe lanes around the edge of the room, leaving the middle of the room wide open for socializing, instead of the competitor whos layout is more like parking lot style lanes where you walk down each row of lanes. 

I love axe throwing, its my new favorite activity over bowling, ping pong, darts, etc. Go on the website, reserve your spot early, because it fills up and sells out fast. Usually $35-$40pp for 2 hrs. Totally worth it, I love this place! Tip: BOYB and BYO Food. There are pizza menus there, which you can order pizza delivery near by. Also, I forgot to comment on how amazing the staff is here... soo friendly, helpful, and they all just rock, and really love their jobs. Makes the experience so much more fun!
I went to Bury the Hatchet on a Saturday in a group of 5 and it was an ok experience. Not terrible but not amazing either. 

I have been axe throwing before at Urban Axes up in Kensington and the take home from this review is going to be that I would probably choose to go to Urban Axes instead of Bury the Hatchet - its a bit further away if you live in CC or West Philly but worth the trip.

We made a reservation online for a Saturday at 2:45, and there was a reservation fee to reserve our spot, which is fine. It looks like walk-ins aren't really a thing here and you need to have a large-ish group, which tbh is kind of lame (one of the pros of Urban Axes, there are walk in times and you just need 2 people total for that.. ) Anyways, we filled out our waivers beforehand so when we got there we were good to go. It came to $42/person.

When we went to start with our time, we were paired with 2 other groups, totaling us at the 12 people max/lane. I know this is an option and they tell you this when you sign up, but it seemed super unnecessary as there was only 2/12 other lanes being used when we were there, and one of the lanes only had a group of 5, the same as us. Someone in my group said that maybe the solo group paid more, but to reserve all the spots, that would be an extra $294, so I am guessing not. With all the people working there, I think they could've spilt it better so that we could have had more time throwing, but instead there was a lot of sitting and just watching.. it was especially confusing when 3+ people were just sitting at the front desk - another lane could've been utilized (another pro for Urban Axes, they really do their best to make sure groups are smaller when added together)

So once we were paired with the 2 other groups, our 'axe master' gave us instructions and everyone got to practice. Axe throwing is fun and a good stress reliever, but this man ended up kinda stressing me out - one of my friends in my group wasn't the best at throwing and couldn't get it to stick on the board. He was giving tips at first but then was laughing at her and making fun of her to the point where she had to turn to him and ask him to stop, like very seriously. It really got her spirits down and kinda put a damper on my mood too since I could tell this stressed her out, and it wasn't fun anymore. Another person in my group really liked our 'axe master', and thought he was being fun, but I personally did not. 

The vibe of the space is cool, and they do have a lot of lanes which is nice, but its over shadowed by them being like "TAG US" and there is just social media stuff everywhere which was a bit annoying and sends a message like "we don't care about our current customers, we just want more! I think this company could use some marketing help.. see below.

I was initially going to give Bury the Hatchet 3 stars, but unfortunately it moved to 2 stars when they started spam texting me post going there. I know you are there, I have been there. Please do not send me spam texts! (thankfully after txting 'unsubscribe' 'stop' 'quit', I was have been unsubscribed)

Some pros of this place is there is a fridge for beer (its BYOB) and they have a lot of availability - plus axe throwing is fun!! I think I just had a really wonky visit. I wouldn't be opposed coming back here to try this place out again, but this particular outing wasn't the best it could've been.
Friendly staff, but cannot make the cut to the major competition. Yes, axe throwing has indeed taken over Philadelphia, but as a result, the bar is set quite high, and I believe that Bury the Hatchet is just not there yet. Unlike Urban Axes, where the instructors provide constructive feedback, with standardized axes and well-maintained target boards, Bury the Hatchet uses different axes of different qualities, boards that were too split to even see the targets, and instructors who do not actually instruct.

We went and paid for a party of 6, but were forced to join another large party even though the entire facility was almost empty. Our group consisted of both new and seasoned axe throwers, but the instruction (or lack thereof) was the same for both groups, with inconsistent number of allowed throws at the beginning. I can't tell if the staff received the same training, but having done urban axes beforehand, this place was an expensive travesty.

I do not recommend returning here unless they restructure their overall gaming structure.
I have been to Bury the Hatchet a few times now.  First, as an invited guest with Yelp, and then again with my family for a fun father's day activity.  Both times I had a blast.  Ax throwing is the in thing right now and Bury the Hatchet does it right.  

This establishment is BYOB and F.  There is a fridge there to keep your drinks cold.  

After you sign the waiver, they will direct you to a lane with your group.  I understand that smaller groups may be joined with other groups, but my party of four got our own lane.  We were given instruction on how to properly throw and then a tournament of champions began.  My whole family is super competitive, so it was a great activity for us. Even if you aren't competitive, ax throwing is a fun and interesting way to spend a few hours.  

Our instructor was great.  I think her name was Millie.  She kept the day moving forward, provided encouragement, and added a trivia question each round for points at our election, so those of us who suck at throwing a hatchet (me) can still remain competitive.  

Don't forget to tip your instructor!
My first axe throwing experience was at Urban Axes so the whole night I was compared Bury The Hatchet to it. I went for a birthday party here on a Saturday night before Halloween. I loved seeing people throw axes in costumes​! ​The entrance is really hard to find, we almost ended up in a kid's birthday. Maybe a neon light would make it easier to find it? 

The place was PACKED and we had to wait a bit to sign the waiver​ and get wristbands. Our instructor was great but at times it was hard to hear because it gets so loud in here. The instructor​ ​with the group next to us had a microphone which would have been helpful for us! The set up is kind of tight and if you're playing with strangers, it may get awkward.

Unlike Urban Axes, there were just a handful of fridges to keep your beverages cold. I had a good time, however,​ I will probably choose to make the trek to Urban Axes instead.
Went with family to Bury the Hatchet, not knowing what to expect.  We had a blast!  Place was clean and accommodating!  Staff was great too! Super helpful with learning how to throw the different hatchets. Great for family functions and/or work events! Will definitely be back!  Thanks for a super fun day!!!
I hate to disparage any business, especially one where I've had a good time, but their management really blew it on this one. On Friday I booked a party of 18 for Saturday and paid ahead of time in full ($755). Unfortunately one of our party got sick and had to bail, so when we arrived I asked the front desk if I could be refunded his $42. "That's fine, we'll take care of that," the staff member said. Ok, great, thanks.

As of today (Monday) I didn't see a refund on my account, so I politely called to follow up and was completely stonewalled by two different managers. The staff member must've been misinformed, they said, and when I (still politely) protested they recited the company lines of "Well as it says on your email receipt, we need 24 hours notice" (impossible since I'd booked 24 hours prior), and then "Once it's in the computer nothing can be done." Uh huh. What a weak, dumb way to handle a large group that tipped well and would've happily gone back regularly. Never had this problem at Urban Axes, so we'll take our business there instead.
I've been wanting to try axe throwing for over a year! With a Groupon in hand, a bottle of wine and good friends - we finally checked out Bury The Hatchet on Friday. (Please note, even with the Groupon there is a $12 booking fee online)

I was definitely a little worried about the experience, given that a) I'm a clumsy person what could go wrong, and b) that scary viral video many of us have seen.. if you don't - honestly don't worry about it unless you want to look it up which may deter you from the experience. 

I could not have been happier with our experience. First off - they are BYOB (no hard liquor) and allow you to bring in your own food. BYOfood also means you're allowed to get delivery to the location!

The experience starts off with a bit of safety, and training with an instructor. Our instructor Taylor was fabulous - he always made me feel safe, gave great tips, and was very personable and fun during the 2 hours we spent with him. After the training and practice sesh, he grouped us with another group of 4 - and we had 2 fun friendly games of competition. One was King/Queen of the Hill which reminds me of "knockout" in basketball , and the 2nd was a bracket tournament where you throw I think 6 or 10 times to get your seed. The games were so much fun, they're as competitive as your group makes them - and great for adding another element to throwing axes!

Afterwards you are allowed to hang out and play cards, connect 4, jenga or any of the other games they have laying around.

The 2 hours flew by, much faster than I thought! I would definitely recommend axe throwing as a fun experience to try, and would recommend this location based on our experience!
Tap that axe! Came here for a birthday party and, if I'm being honest, I didn't expect to enjoy myself that much. Boy, was I pleasantly surprised. The place is clean and inviting. Each group has its own lane and a "master" to teach you how to throw the axe and lead the games. Everyone gets to throw a bunch of times and, at least for us, a lot of rivalry and competition was encouraged. This place is entirely BYO as far as food and alcohol are concerned. There is no hard alcohol, but anything else is fair game. Each lane has its own table and there are some communal refrigerators to keep your drinks cold. What a great way to spend an evening!
Super fun place. Never tried this before but went for a friends birthday. Really cool. Clean and safe with nice staff.
MIRANDA was the bomb.... she had two wild ass silly groups and kept it safe, fun, and informative. If a zombie apocalypse happens I know who I am coming to recruit!!!! MIRANDA
Awesome place! Came here with my coworkers and it was a nice bonding experience. The staff is really friendly and the atmosphere is fun. They have picnic tables behind each arena which is nice if you have drinks and food. I've been to Urban axes and I'll say bury the hatchet is slightly better Bc of this little detail (the tables).
At first, I didn't care for the place. Only because they never answer the phone, BUT they do answer emails quickly. Making the reservation online was easy, we purchased a 1 hour session (which now I feel wasn't enough time) and also purchased the mystery box. The mystery prize is like a bonus, if you hit the bullseye, you get to pick one out of four small boxes with a prize in it (tshirt, gift card, etc) we won the gift card (1 person pass)  
Parking wasn't hard to find, but remember, it's south Philly, so maybe we got lucky. The entrance is on the block after Colorado st. Forgot the name ‍ 
Our axe master was Andrew, he was amazinggg. Super personable and great attitude, definitely elevated the experience for us. It was my sisters birthday and she enjoyed it which is what mattered most to me. Side note: if you go on your birthday, they give you a free throw to hit the bullseye, if you hit it, you get a prize. She didn't hit it, but still a nice gesture from the place. 

I didn't realize, but you can tip them, I would've def tipped him. They should remind you at the end because it slipped my mind.
So I was not quite sure what to expect but this totally blew my expectations away. 

It was bigger than I expected, well lit fairly well maintained and we had a blast. 

Reservations needed and limited space available make sure that you are not crowded out of your area. 

You get your own seating area behind your throwing lanes. 

It's a little tricky but you can get it pretty easily if you have a good teacher. 

Hailie (Hailey) was our Axe Master. She was professional and fun. 

We had a blast
This place is so much fun!! Miranda led us through the whole time and was so much fun to be around and turned those of us slightly nervous about throwing an axe into bullseye hitting axe throwers within 2 hours!! We came for my bachelorette party and seriously had the time of our lives! Thank you Miranda for making it such a great time for us!
This place was great, would totally come back again! In Seattle I don't think this has become a popular activity yet, but here it seems to be trending. I came here yesterday for my boyfriend's company's outing. We had a group of 7, 3 women and 4 men. 

When you walk upstairs you're greeted by the woman at the front desk who checks your party in - ID's, signing waivers, etc. We were waiting for some of our party to arrive and hung our coats up on their coat rack, sat down on their couches (plenty of seating here) to wait. 

It's BYOB, but apparently the place next door delivers food and I believe beer. They have soda and water for sale for $1. When it was our time, we were greeted by our Ax Master who stayed with us for the 2 hours we were there. She goes over the rules, makes you pick nicknames (mine was Ax-Girlfriend), and lets everyone practice while teaching you the proper way to throw.

Of course this lefty, over-thinking, uncoordinated girl was having trouble, so myself and another one of the women in my party were taken over to a separate throwing lane with another Axe Master who let us practice until we finally got the throw down. I was nailing the bullseyes until I came back to my party and went 'up to ax' with someone... womp, womp, womp, my incredible ax throwing skills started to go out the window! 

We first played where we were all put on a bracket and had to knock each other out... whoever had the highest score out of 6 throws would go up against another person who had the highest score out of 6 throws. Once we moved through that, there were several other games she had us play. Everyone really enjoyed themselves, from our super competitive players to those of us who didn't think we'd do so well. Plenty of laughs, sh*t talking, and sore losing occurred :). 

This is a great place for corporate events, birthday parties, or just a group of 6 friends who want to do something fun. I'm someone who's always cold and I found it to be really warm in there FYI, maybe with all the ax throwing I was doing! Music was a mix of Christmas music, pop and hip-hop. Loved the staff, everyone was super friendly, patient, warm and funny.
I went to Bury the Hatchet for the first time a few months ago with a group of friends.  Since any activity which involves hand-eye coordination is NOT my thing, I was a bit nervous.  Would I be the only one there who couldn't hit the target?  Would my axe even make it all the way down the lane TO the target?  Would everyone laugh at me?  ALL THE FEARS OF ELEMETARY SCHOOL RETURN!

Thankfully, this was NOT the case.  When our group arrived, we were shown to our designated lane, and we all set up at the table behind the lane with various snacks and drinks.  Our Axe-Master introduced herself and showed us, as a group, how to throw the axe.  Each person then had several opportunities to practice, while our Axe Master gave us pointers.  It took me a few throws to even get my axe to stick in the wood, but with the Master's tips and encouragement, I quickly learned!  

Once everyone was satisfied with their practice time, we had a mini-tournament amongst ourselves.  This was super fun, as our Axe-Master continued to encourage us, and even though in some fun trivia questions for extra points!  It was nice having a designated table to hang out at and talk and snack while we awaited our turns, similar to a bowling alley situation.

While this was my first and, so far, only axe throwing experience, I 100% intend to return here or to the Bury the Hatchet location closer to me, starting to hit up my friends for a birthday Axe-Throwing party!
THOROUGHLY ENJOYED MYSELF. This is definitely one of the greatest spots to hang with friends and just loosen up in Philly. Reggie and Lew were our coaches and they both were outstanding guides. They really hyped our group of 16 up and got our blood flowing. #KILLSHOT! I would definitely come here for highlight sports games like the Super Bowl or NBA All-Star game, hands down. BYO-Everything. It's lit. The staff is so down to earth, you get to interact with the other visitors. I just loved it. No bad experiences at all. This is the place to be. If I had one critical comment, I'd say lower the price some and encourage tips more. Those coaches are really impressive. 

Dex
I had a great time here with my friends. Great, fun activity. Tavonne was our guide/leader. He was very personable, interactive and fun. Kudos to him! Will definitely be back for more axe throwing soon! 

This is a great group/team-building activity!
I love this place! It's a great hang out spot! You can bring your own food and drink and the instructors are the BEST! This place is also great for corporate events, birthday parties, bachelor and bachelorette parties! 

Also great location and pro tip you can get food delivered here and they bring it to your lane!
Awesome ax throwing location! I've gone once before in a different city and this location is spacious, tables with additional games, available refrigerators to keep your beer/food cold, and water coolers. Miranda was our "axmaster" & she was awesome -- super friendly & got to know us by name !! We had a blast with a group of 8 and all the games! Highly recommended --- great experience!
This place is amazing! Spacious and fun with a great atmosphere. BYOB food and beer with super challenging axe throwing fun. What more could you ask for?
A friend and I came in around noon on a Monday, so it was understandably empty. We pretty much (literally) had the place to ourselves and we had a great time! Mark was very helpful in briefing us, instructing us, and keeping score while also providing feedback and encouragement as we went along. My friend also got to make song requests, but that might have been a "middle of the day on a Monday" kind of thing. We had so much fun and are already planning our next axe throwing adventure :) 

Note - I purchased a Groupon for this visit; for this particular deal, you need to also pay tax upon arrival, which came out to $4.00. I was notified of this when I called to make the reservation - it was nice to get the heads up!
I came here yesterday for a bachelorette party. We had John as the Axe Master. The experience was wonderful from start to finish. John was funny, energetic, and helped us work on our technique. The atmosphere was so cool with picnic tables, couches, and fun music playing in the background. The fact that it was BYOB made it even better, AND they even had drink coolers to keep our beer cold. I will definitely be returning and highly recommend this place for a fun, unique activity!
Great location and instructors who take the time to train you how to throw axes! I can't wait to go back again.
Came here for a work outing and had a great time.  Staff was very friendly, helpful, and clear with the rules.  Throwing the axes is easier then I thought it was going to be.  Axe masters help you out with tips. There are many refrigerators for you to store your beverages(BYOB). Parking was easy.
We had such a good time! Marcus was so fun as ax master. 8 gets you your own lane and you get a picnic table so you can order food, they don't sell any there. You can buy soda or water for $1.
Cool laid back fun. I previously had a sucky experience axe throwing, but the friendly and patient staff worked with me. Bring your friends and beer.
Just like Bury The Hatchet in Cherry Hill, this place is awesome! A super fun place with a super cool vibe. The whole staff was very helpful, enthusiastic and friendly which made the experience even better (plus you can bring food and drinks!). 
If you're looking for something fun and different to do, this is it. Axe throwing is my new favorite sport!
This was a fun thing to do with a big group, though a little pricey. Also, I wish I just got to actually learn how to throw the damn thing. Our "guide" was huge into games, and after 2 or 3 practice throws, we immediately went into a speed game, which, needless to say went poorly.

Fun for people who already know what they're doing, probably.
WHAT A DAY!! Got to take my son axe throwing and he was so good! He even made it to the finals of our friendly competition, so proud of him!

We had Haleigh as our Axe Master and she was the BEST! Perfect blend of instruction and all around loveliness. Highly recommend this establishment for a nice day w friends and recommend Haleigh even higher!!
Fun activity, great to do by yourself, with another person, or even as a group! The employees here are so friendly and encouraging as well. We got a Groupon for our one hour visit here. It was so enjoyable that one hour didn't feel like enough!
We had such a fun time axe throwing and felt like total badasses. Ren was our Axe Master and they taught us very well. We played tons of fun games and Ren gave us great feedback to help with our techniques and taught us three different ways to throw. We went on a Monday night and practically had the place to ourselves.
Went out with some buddies looking for something a little different and found bury the hatchet. It was a blast throwing the axes and the coaches made it very easy and quick to learn. Even got a bullseye! Combine an adrenaline rush with booze and friends and it was an awesome night out. We already made plans to come back next week!
NOT QUEER FRIENDLY!  In general our game experience was great but after we had two of the other instructors ask us to move while they touched our hips and backs. We were done. Before we left I went to the bathroom and one of the instructors yelled across the whole auditorium that it wasn't the bathroom for me. After that, he went back to the party he was hosting and talked about how confused he was because he thought I was a man.
My boyfriend and I had an awesome experience at Bury the Hatchet today - super clean and taking all Covid precautions to make the experience so safe. Noah was our instructor and he was a great teacher and so helpful. We are excited for our next time back!!
Cool place. I came for a fundraiser event. My first time axe throwing. Tony & Liz made it fun by arranging & judging little competitions. If you're  bad at axe throwing like I am, they also have other table games you could chill & play like giant jenga. Finding parking was annoying.
I'll tell you what. I didn't bury my hatchet here, but I buried my hatchet here. You know what I mean?! 

This spot is a MUST experience type of joint. You haven't lived until you've thrown an axe at a target and not your wife (HA!). We reserved our spot with Groupon for about $80 a couple (3 couples) for a 2 hour session with our axe specialist. Not too bad for two hours.

The environment is top notch. Lots of parties and things going on. It's BYOB and bring whatever food you want. I saw people with Tony Lukes! They make it very clear that if you're too wasted, they'll kick you out. So don't swig back too much of grandpas cough medicine now! 

Overall, very neat experience. Would def go back and bring more food and more drink to enhance the experience.
Hosted a work "Team Building" experience at Bury the Hatchet in Philly and it was a huge success!  The space was very cool and set the ambiance for the event. Our Axe Master Ren was fun, got everyone in the mood to throw some axes and guided us through each challenge. I  highly recommend Bury the Hatchet for company outings, get together with friends or if you just need to let off some steam.
Not gonna lie, I was really skeptical about this, but it's actually a lot of fun. Side note: alcohol hinders you less than you might think :) We had a group of eight, and played lots of games, such as king/queen of the hill, jenga, and an elimination tourney. Each group is chaperoned by a worker;we had Josh, who was great. BYOB, but you can't take it with you after you leave, so plan accordingly. All and all, it was a lot of fun, give them a shot!
I had such an amazing time!! It literally is such a great place and if you plan on having a birthday! Do it here! LEX was such an amazing coach and did an amazing job! She killed all the awkwardness in the group and made our time amazing!
Ren is a got damn Gem. My group was mixed in ability and she made sure no one felt left out and everyone had fun. She's light in personality and definitely doesn't feel like she was faking it. After giving us one on one tips about our throwing skills the games began. Ren was absolutely hilarious with her witty jokes (mostly about herself may I add). She gave us a safe and fun environment with her light structured,structure. Going back I will be specifically asking for Ren to be my instructor hoping she's still working there by next visit. If you're lucky enough that she is working there REQUEST HEEEERRRRR!!!! 

Pro Tip: This place BYOB definitely bring a bottle. HARD LIQUOR isn't allowed stick to your beers,wines, and White Claws for this party.  Especially if you're not naturally goofy. I was sober around 3 intoxicated couples. Trust me just take an Uber and get tipsy with your playing partners . At some point you will feel bad for your very sober instructor having to be around you people but happy you can tipsy bond with other players lmao.
Beware of the Bait and Switch. I signed up for the Rec axe throwing league at the initial fee of $100. I recently received a call saying that the fee is going to $150 because they are making it a cash prize league. I have tried to reach this company via email and via phone but I have not received a call back. It's a shame because I like the venue and the people.
What's better than spending an early afternoon throwing hatchets at a target? For those COVID scared, Sunday early afternoon is pretty empty, and employees sanitize the area after use. There's even a small throne area to take pics at. Only problem is trying to find street parking. The employee was receptive, knowledgeable on instructions, and came by from time to time to ask if we were doing well. I like both the attention given, and the time we were left alone to enjoy ourselves.
Bury the Hatchet was a great time! I went for a work event and it was so refreshing to throw some axes. The instructors were friendly and helpful for a newbie like me. We have a fairly size group and they  location was able to help accommodate our group size.

We brought food and drinks and it only added to the experience. If you have gone ax throwing, I highly recommend it. It's a well versatile place for dates, hangouts, and work outings.
Place was awesome. Great instructors or axe master was very informative. He was very patient. plenty of room for large groups.  We were a party of 10. Noticed smaller groups were put together.
