I had been to Philadelphia once before, but never ordered a real "Philly Cheesesteak". Campo's was near where I was staying so this was where I popped that cherry.

The inside is small with some two and four-top tables, but they also have some outside seating on the sidewalk. I liked the huge window that was open to get the fresh air because it was hot that day so I needed it and it didn't feel like the place had any a/c at all.

The line is a pain here because it starts to get long and go out the door so you have to loop yourself around, walking by the register to walk back to it and the space you're walking through is tight quarters so again, on a hot day, isn't fun.

IT'S CASH ONLY. They do have an ATM onsite though.

I ordered "the works" a Philly with provolone, mushrooms, onions, and green peppers. The sandwich was around $11. When it came out I was a little underwhelmed by the size of it. I'm used to spending that amount and getting this huge sub/hero/hoagie/etc, but this wasn't that. It tasted fine, but it wasn't overloaded with any ingredients. The bread was the best part in my opinion.

Not a bad place overall, but I'm going to try my Philly elsewhere next time I'm in town.
[1156]

2/2021

Wish I checked Yelp first.  We were in the area and stopped in for a cheesesteak.  

Ordered two cheesesteaks (one size) and total was $28.   I asked for the receipt and was told it was in the bag (just the order slip w no prices).   Extra charge for credit card. Thanks 

My cheesesteak did not have a lot of meat so we were a bit disappointed.  

Staff was not friendly 

I won't be back
I stopped in with a friend a couple months ago after getting stuck behind a tour group of 50+ people next door. Campo's was much more tolerable. We were able to immediately place our order and grab a table. My friend and I split one cheesesteak with wiz, no onions. It was cash only and ~$10 total.

The cheesesteak arrived fairly quickly -- but not so fast that I'd question their cooking methods -- and it was quite good. Not the best in the city, but nowhere near the worst either. It served as a nice snack before dinner later on.

Plus everyone working in there is really friendly and the tables clean. It's perfectly located in Old City and is a good spot to visit for First Friday or before a bar crawl down 2nd Street. I'd return and try their hoagies next time.
1.5 stars. Honestly, I hate to write this review, but this is for poor customer service.

We received a free cheesesteak voucher for purchasing the Visit Philly Overnight Hotel Package that visitphilly.com was promoting to increase tourism to Philadelphia. Unfortunately, while the perks of the package were great, this was one of the bad experiences. 

We went to Campo's on Memorial Day and despite being only semi-busy, service was poor. Nothing compared to Sonny's a few doors down who was crazy busy. We waited in line only about 5 minutes. However, after we ordered (a regular cheesesteak with onions) we ended up waiting over 40 minutes. That would have been fine, EXCEPT, our order was ignored and many people who ordered after us proceeded to receive their orders minutes ahead of us. That was such a disappointing experience. The workers seemed polite, however, why was our order ignored. Most likely because it was a free voucher. However, I do not know why that should come after all the other orders. We paid for a package. 

In regards to the cheesesteak, it certainly wasn't a full size cheesesteak. It was about 6 inches. In addition, there wasn't anything spectacular about the taste. Plain bread with steak slices and provolone cheese.  

After this experience, we won't be back.
I would give this negative stars if I could. They pinch you for every penny they have. We came in with a group of three who all purchased cheesesteaks. They refused to give us a cup of water out of the soda machine and made us buy bottled water for $2.50 instead. Also, at the end of her $15 meal (a cheesesteak and bottle of water), my friend asked if she could use the bathroom and an employee told her that she had to pay $1 to use it! She told him she wasn't paying and he let her use it for free. 

 The cheesesteak was cold, bland and overpriced. Literally go to any greasy food truck in philly and you will get a better cheesesteak for half the price. This place is a disgrace.
I don't think I have ever been more offended by a cheese steak in my entire life. I had high hopes stopping in here; staff seemed friendly enough, I had heard good things, and I really liked the look of the inside. However, none of that can overshadow me having the worst cheese steak ever made. Each and every bite I took had an overload of cartilage to the point that I literally started gagging. I opened it up and through the cheese, I saw about 30% of my cheese steak was fat! A few pieces here and there are understandable and even welcome, but this was just poor quality meat overall. I will never, ever enter this place again.
CASH ONLY!! Don't worry they do have an ATM on site. This is a super small and crowded place. Service is friendly, quick, and efficient. They have a variety of sandwiches. I love how you can watch the chef grilling meats/veggies and preparing sandwich's right in front of you. 

I got the "works" Philly cheesesteak which has shrooms, bell peppers, and onion. It was served very hot, it tasted good (slightly bland), and the bread was fresh. If I came again, I would substitute reg provolone for the sharp provolone(+$1). I think this would have added a little more flavor to my sandwich. Make sure to grab a local beer to help wash down your tasty food. I wouldn't be opposed to coming back, but I would rather try out different cheesesteak places to compare them.
This is the only restaurant I've encountered in the entire country that REFUSES to give customers a cup of water.

I won't be back.
When you just can't decide which creature you'd like to eat, try Campo's Stockyard Sandwich. 

A heaping meat melange of chicken, steak, pepperoni, bacon, fried onions and mascarpone cheese served on an Italian roll....  definitely recommend sharing this thing, just to postpone your inevitable heart attack for a few hours. 

Very tasty and the service was quite friendly.  I've heard they have vegetarian items but really,  I was just there to eat the faces off the helpless barnyard critters.
Absolute ripoff!
Shady business practices here:
Visited for lunch the other day. Ordered one sandwich, a drink, and chips.
I unknowingly paid for a "commemorative pope cup" (a month after the pope visit) for an extra $5.35!

I did not ask for a special holy meal.  I have no desire for a $5 pope cup or a $17.66 meal for lunch.

I will not be returning.
This is on the same street as a better known cheesesteak place but that place had a delayed opening for no clear reason, so I wasn't willing to stand around and see when they felt like opening, so to Campo's I went. I appreciate restaurants that are open during posted hours.

There aren't that many tables but when we went it wasn't too crowded. They upcharge for credit card purchases which is unfortunate. I got a classic cheesesteak with provolone. It was piping hot, chock full of meat, and nicely wrapped in paper to keep things nice and neat. It was super filling, but it was best to get my own rather than split to really get that beefy flavor.

The cashier mentioned her mom made the potato salad, and some tables were taken up by catering orders that were taken out. It very much seemed like a family operation. That made it feel better to support the restaurant rather than the better known places. Plus the food was really good!
The food is decent to above average.  But prices are a bit steep at over $10 for a cheese steak  Throw in a soda and you're spending over $13 for lunch.

The quality is good with decent taste and fresh ingredients..   They do have some Cheesesteak variations you wont see at other places.  Theres the "Flyers Ice" with cream cheese and tomatoes  and the "Barbeque Cheesesteak" with bacon and mozzarella to name a couple.

They have outdoor seating which is great on a nice day.  Cash only, and ATM at the front door.

Overall good spot minus the prices.  It seems to be more popular with tourists than locals.
On vacation and just wanted a good Philly Cheesesteak (7/11/12). Asked a local who did not recommend any in the area. She asked a co-worker who suggested Campo's. We embarked on the LONG HOT. Judging from the displays in the shop, I thought I was in for a real treat. 
We just wanted three plain cheese steaks (8.00) but not knowing all the details, the cashier (922) said tricked us into getting three "works" (9.50). All were disappointed. Yes, according to the description, it was loaded with mushrooms and sweet bell peppers. "Fried onions", the whole mess looked pale, was bland and wet. It tasted and looked like it was boiled or stewed. The Philly Steak we got in the mall was a million times better (sauteed steak on the grill until brown with caramelized onions and provolone cheese). 
What were all those food critics thinking?
Love it!!  In my view as a former Philly worker is that CAmpos is the place to go.  And friendly. Weird in Philly.  Kinda small but that's the norm for the area.
The meat was so flavorless, chewy and a little bit too grilled. We hate it.
Moreover, the cashier was unpleasant and not smiley. 
This place made us sick of philly cheesesteak!
While doing a little sightseeing in Philly we looked up and saw the Campi sign knowing that our yearn for cheesesteak will about to be satiated and it was. 

Of course when you think about Philly and food you have to think about cheesesteak. We had a hankering and it needed to be satisfied and the famous long-standing Campos did the trick. Cheddar spread, onions, mushrooms, red and green peppers along with the jalapeño cooked, add some marinara sauce and your on the way to a tummy dance. The only thing was the lack of value at around $12 it was only 8 inches which for a big dude was not quite enough to keep me satisfied, but fortunately enough for me my 10-year-old daughter only ate half of her's. 

The Place is small only about eight tiny circular tables so if you're with a large group you're going to have to order out or eat and walk at the same time.

And if we're in that area again as Arnold would say " we'll be back."
We came to Campo's because we were in the touristy part of town and wanted a cheesesteak.  I had been to Sonny's once on a previous trip and really liked it but 1) there was a line out the door and no seats available and 2) I needed something new to Yelp about!  Campo's did not have a line at the time but people did start flowing in soon.

The ladyfriend and I got a cheesesteak with onions and provolone and when I went to pay the cashier said " Oh sorry it's cash only".  If there was a sign on the front door then I missed it.  It's 2018, get a damn credit card machine, charge an extra quarter per sammich and get with the times.  You get tourist business and tourists don't like carrying cash.  This detail is an automatic minus 1 star for me. 

The cheesesteaks came out and they were decent.  The cheese was only on half the sammich which can be seen from the picture I posted and the meat was dried out in parts.  The bread was hot and slightly toasted which was a nice feature and the people were pretty friendly.  

I wouldn't come back because I wasn't wowed and I don't want to go out of my way to get cash out of the bank for a sandwich.  Can you tell that part bugs me?
I wish there was an option for negative stars because this place deserves about 5 negative stars.  First of all when you are about to place your order that everything is cash only, for their convenience.  Then they tell you cash up front which I thought was surprising.  Finally, I get my sandwich on plain tasting bread with barely any meat.  If I had the time I would have stood at the entrance to show all the new customers this disgrace of a cheesesteak. I can't believe the arrogance of the owners.
Located right in the heart of the Old City in Philadelphia and a short walk from Independence Hall, Campo's is a conveniently located place to grab a cheesesteak. That convenience, however, seems to be the only thing going for it.

A quick Yelp search on a handy-dandy smartphone led me to Campo's one sunny and warm Monday afternoon. Upon arrival, the place looked clean and tidy, but way too much like a chain restaurant than a local cheesesteak joint. Fighting my instincts, I entered and proceeded to order a "the works" and a cup of water. Then the water Nazi emerged: "I'LL HAVE TO CHARGE YOU FOR A BOTTLE."

I should have put my money back into my wallet and walked out the door. No place should allow their employees to behave with such absolute curt bitchiness to customers and continue to stay in business. But the money was already out and I'm not one to fight inertia, so I handed the unmotivated employee $10 dollars (WTF?!) for my sandwich and found an empty bottle of lemonade in my backpack and filled it up in the bathroom.

YES, the only water you can get to drink here is BATHROOM WATER.

And I needed all the water I could get - after waiting 10 minutes for my sandwich, I dug in with the first bite to get a mouthful of dry, stale bread and a few overcooked slices of beef. The cheese was negligible, and the only flavor came from the large chunks of semi-grilled onion interrupting every few bites. Despite these shortcomings, the sandwich was decently sized and one I couldn't stop eating.

However, even the best meal can easily be spoiled by rude, inattentive, and alienating service. Campo's, good riddance!
In one weekend we tried Pat's, Geno's, and Campo's for Philly Cheesesteaks... Campo's was the winner!  Best bread, best meat, and indoor seating to boot!  Loved it!  Get the provolone with peppers and onions. YUM!
Good Philly cheesesteak sandwiches, but grumpy service.   Cash only, and she said I should have read the sign on the door, but there was no line and we just walked in and didn't read every sign.  Sorry.   Get with the times and take cards.  Probably a tax dodge scheme. 

Asked for a drink refill and she said they couldn't because of some new Philadelphia tax.

Sonny's down the block allows free refills and has excellent onion rings.  They take credit cards too.
Minus one star for seeming bothered that I wanted to order a sandwich at your business. Minus one star for higher than average prices. Minus one star for portion not meeting the price.
The Basics:  

The Bread:  Somewhat Stale

The Meat: Sparse

The Extras: Not Cheesy Enough, onions and peppers very good.

This cheesesteak felt more like an appetizer than a meal.  If you are choosing between here or Sunnys,  there is no flipping of a coin, Sunnys wins hands down.  

I never like leaving a meal feeling unsatisfied, but that's what is about to happen.  Round 2 at Sunnys = Possibility.

If you feel like you must try everyplace in philly, well then go right ahead Mr Philly CheeseSteak!!  But if you think I was right please make sure you mark this review as 'useful'!

On to Franklins IceCream....a guaranteed home run
Not that bad, really.  The bread was the best part of my eggplant parm.  Service wasn't bad and generally not a bad situation at all.  Prices are high but what do you want?  It's Old(e) City.
Move over Jim's, Campo's is now my cheesesteak destination in Philly.

The first time I came to Campo's I had a cheesesteak with whiz and onions.  I thought it was good, but it didn't leave a lasting impression.  The steak seemed more of a "healthy" steak and it wasn't as greasy as I expected as well as not being completely stuffed with steak and onions.

I went to Campo's for the second time the other day and wow..just wow.  I don't know what changed but this was damn good.  I ordered take out opposed to my previous dining in experience.  This time, i succumbed to the "peppers or mushrooms on that?"  I like both peppers and mushrooms, but I always felt that a steak should be eaten with whiz and onlons ONLY.  This time, however, I did give in.

Soon later I definitely did not regret giving in.  The steak was beautiful.  I could already taste it just by looking at it.  Ahh, each bite was fantastic...just as euphoric as the moment I first had a Philly cheesesteak.

As of this moment, Campo's is now my go to place for steaks in Philly.  Thank you for such a fantastic steak.

P.S.  Could you lower the price of the steak down just a tad....that'd be perfect!  Thanks!
I went to Campose and I will never go back. 

Charged me for a fountain water (that I got for my dog) and proportions for hoagie were very wrong. It's as if they took 2/3 of a real hoagie and then cut it in half so you wouldn't really notice. And they charge ten bucks for it. I've gotten more meat on a white bread sandwich than I got on my hoagie here. 

The worst part was the mayo. If you're going to charge me for water and ten for a small subpar sandwich, at least have real mayo. THEY GAVE ME MIRACLE WHIP/light mayo.

Places with better sandwiches off the top of my head: Paesano's, Chickie's, and of course Sarcone's. If you want a real sandwich or service, don't waste you're money at Campose (more like Compost).
This was stop #3 in my search for the best philly cheesesteak. And of the four spots I tried, by a slight edge it was the best!

Campos Philly cheesesteak is a spot located on market street and well regarded as a hot spot for steaks. In my search for a great philly cheesesteak, I sought out well seasoned meat, good bread and size. My scale was slightly weighted toward meat and is why I favored Campos. 

Let me be clear. The meat is not slap yo mama seasoned and %100 flavorful but there is a slight season there. Bread was good but Sonnys has better bread. And size factor is about average. Prices are spot on with other places at about $10.50.

4 stars because it was good but didn't knock my socks off. Despite this, Id go again.

Food: 4/5
Bang/Buck: 4/5
So some friends of mine and I were walking down the street. We stopped directly between this place and Sonnys famous. Since we couldn't decide which one to go to, we split and I went to Campos. The place is cool, not very big but has outdoor seating. The menu has a decent selection to choose from, so I chose the works cheesesteak. It didn't take long for it to be made which was cool...but...

For never being to Philly before, all I've heard about was the cheesesteak sandwiches. This was one of the main reasons we decided to go. I don't know what I was expecting when I finally got my hands on one...but this most certainly did not live up to them.  I mean it had the cheese, onions and mushrooms but...underwhelmed is the best word that comes to mind. I didn't even finish the other half of it...that's how unimpressed I was. 

Maybe I had unrealistic expectations built up for an authentic philly steak sandwich...I dunno. But my friends that went to Sonnys licked their fingers afterward.
No fries, so-so cheesesteak, $1 refills, real skimpy on napkins,  cash only = sonny's a few doors over is much much better.  

Both are tourist priced but that's because of the location.
Bad. 9.50 for a small, empty, dry sando. Walk 2 blocks to Gianfrancos on 3rd and Market for a far better sandwich, twice as big, for 3 dollars less! 
These fools at Campos don't even take credit cards, and its 2011, while other sands shops let you pay on phone. I think they have a deal with the bank who's atm is in the shop. They also had bad attitudes.
If I had to judge this place on the front desk order girl ~ it would be a "1". Seriously BAD customer service. We ordered 3 different sandwiches...chicken cheese steak, hot roast beef w/provolone cheese and beef w/cheese whiz. I can't give any great reviews...the beef was very salty...half the chicken sandwich was missing the toppings...no refills on drinks...and the girl is SO NOT interested in talking w/their  customers re: orders. truly terrible service...
Major disappointment!!!  $9.50 for a Cheesesteak Works (grilled peppers, mushrooms and onions) with provolone.  The roll was good, the flavors okay but it was skimpy on the meat .. definitely not worth the $.  
We also had a Chicken Works ..the chicken was tasteless and there couldn't have been even 3 ounces of meat on it for $9.50!!
Further, the side dish of macaroni was dreadful ..dried out and hard and bland...all that for $4.00 for the side!
A complete and utter disapointment.  
We make better Philly Cheesesteaks at home Arizona!
6 / 11 of my cheesesteak pilgrimage (see my list!)

A healthy cheesesteak place with a warm atmosphere and indoor seating?  Is this the twilight zone of Philly?

Ok, it isn't healthy, but they are proud to say they don't serve anything fried.  When I was there I got the home made mac and cheese instead, which was good (but a bit cold).  Staff was nice and cordial, and I was actually able to catch some Idol as I ate.

I thought the whiz-wit I had was pretty good, but I was more impressed by the cheesesteak hoagie my sister got (whiz, lettuce, onion and tomato).  I think Campo's is the only place that can offer up a cheesesteak with fresh vegetables and not be completely hypocritical, so props for that.

Protip: A perfect time to come here is when you're walking around Old City...we signed up for the walking Constitutional tour and ate here before the tour started.  Driving here sucks because parking is so expensive.
I've been here twice now. The first time I had the cheesesteak, some chips and a soda. The cheesesteak meat was pretty flavorless and the meat was overcooked. The roll was ok, but nothing special. 

The second time I came back and had the Stockyard after a good friend recommended it. The Stockyard is a mouth-watering mound of meat slapped in a roll: chicken, steak, pepperoni, bacon, fried onions, marscarpone cheese.  Even know I"m salivating thinking about it.

Service is quick and the food comes out pretty fast.

I wouldn't eat a cheesesteak here but I"d eat a Stockyard at the drop of a hat.
We stayed near Geno's, which is one of the more famous cheesesteak places, but they had xenophobic shirts in the window. So... fuck Geno's. 

I had an event at Penn's Landing, which is a convenient walk to Campo's.  We split a spicy cheesesteak and a chicken-steak w/ cheddar. Both were pretty good. I'd eat there again, but it's not going to be a destination stop. 

The staff were really friendly and efficient. 

Bonus points for having a clean bathroom that's a lot less Candyman-flashback-inducing than the ones on Penn's Landing.
I ordered delivery here through TryCaviar and didn't experience any problems in the wait times/quality of the food.  In fact, it came quicker than expected.  We got the marinated mozzarella sandwich and the wing ding buffalo sandwich.

I would agree with the other reviews that the sandwiches are pretty pricy (generally all were over $10), but you do get a lot of food.  I was a little upset with the roll because I ordered seeded Italian and got regular, which is understandable if they were out, but the rolls we received were not as fresh and soft as I would have liked, kind of like they were a day old.  Hence, why I dropped a star.

The fillings in the sandwich were delicious and on point.  I was not feeling meat that particular day, so I opted for their veggie options. The marinated mozzarella was absolutely delicious and covered in fresh tomato and a flavorful basil dressing - the mozzarella was super soft and tasty.  VERY salty marinade, but the acidic tomatoes helped cut through it.  My BF loved his wing ding sandwich and said it was very spicy and had a really good homemade blue cheese dressing on it.

After tax, service fees and delivery, it came to about $30, which is pricy for sandwiches so maybe next time we'll eat there instead and waive the delivery fees.
CHEESESTEAKS
They probably beat most places on S. Street, and most in the 'burbs, but unfortunately for Campo's they are located a couple doors down from Sonny's, who has to be the best cheesesteak in Philly.

Compared to Sonny's, I'd have to give Campo's 2 or 3 stars, but compared to the greater philly area, they are more like 3.5 on cheesesteaks.  

ROAST PORK SANDIWCH
For roast pork, they are really freaking good!  Not as good as DiNic's (who is far and away the best in Philly), but still much better than most.  For roast pork, Campo's deserved 5 stars.

Overall they get 4 stars as the average of cheesesteak and roast pork.
We ordered a whole bunch of cheesesteaks from Campo's to be delivered to our hotel as part of the after party festivities from our wedding - and we couldn't have been happier.  The staff was very helpful and even wrapped the sandwiches as halves so more people could enjoy.  The traditional whiz wit steak was everything it was supposed to be, greasy, cheesy, onions with some bite left in them.  Definitely a fan and I recommend Campo's for anyone that wants the real Philly cheesesteak experience without the madness of Pat's and Geno's.
Not sure what all the hype is about. The sandwiches are below mediocre and overpriced. The young girl behind the counter couldn't be ruder. I'm sorry but if you're in the service industry, you need to get rid of the constant attitude. It's not LeBecFin, sweetheart.

I watched the clerk yell at a bunch of tourists (who didn't speak much English) because they mis-communicated their order. I felt bad for the tourists. The young clerk kept raising her voice to them and rolling her eyes. 

Living in Old City for the past 5 yrs, there are numerous places with better sandwiches and service. I don't recommend Campos.
I love the fact that every time you eat a cheesesteak in Philadelphia, you're eating the "best cheesesteak in Philadelphia."  A couple of weeks back some tourists in Monk's asked us where they could get the "best cheesesteak in Philadelphia" and I thought a real brouhaha was about to erupt.  

Eating lunch in an obvious tourist trap I normally wouldn't order a cheesesteak but sometimes your eyes see 'cheesesteak' on a sign and your appetite just takes it from there.  Tender steak with minimal gristle and nice large chunks of fried onion but the bread rocked so much it must've been sprinkled with crack before being baked in the oven.  I've had better cheesesteaks but I I've also had much worse too.  Quick service (cash only) and a nice clean interior; some may think it's expensive here but when you're on Market street in Olde City, $6.50 for a large cheesesteak is a bargain.
The Philly Cheesesteak was pretty good but I thought it was kind of small compared to Geno's and Pat's.(That's the only 2 other places I've been to.)The actual restaurant was a pretty good size but they definitey packed way too many tables & chairs too close together in that place to where you're literally rubbing elbows with the person next to you as you're eating.I could barely enjoy my lunch.We got the Philly Cheesesteak with onions & American cheese and a Grilled Cheese add tomatoes. The Grilled Cheese was really small for the price but it was good.The Cheesesteak too was small,the bread was good but I don't feel they put enough cheese or onions in it.If I came back to Philly I would either try a couple of other new places or go back to Pat's.I definitely wouldn't make a special trip to come back here.
Campo's is a great place to take your friends from out of town if one of them is begging you for a cheese steak and the other is a vegetarian.  Campo's veggie sandwiches are actually really really tasty, and I think their steaks are pretty great too- but then again it's hard to go wrong with melty cheese on meat...  We were here late one night and the girl behind the counter offered us cookies for free.  If that's not sweetie pie status then I don't know what is.  They don't take cards but their in- house ATM is helpful I guess, I think the fee's only like $1.50.  Gotta get used to carrying cash!
I've made it a goal to check out a new cheesesteak place every time I visit the Philadelphia area, and the one that won the poll this time around was Campo's. We planned to walk around Old City and see the Liberty Bell, so this was a very convenient location. It would be a challenging place to visit as a sole destination, as parking in the area is what you would expect for a downtown tourist destination. 

This is a quality cheesesteak emporium. Quality ingredients makes a quality steak. I got a cheesesteak with wiz and onions. I swear this is not just wiz from a can, but a concoction that has been altered by the alchemists behind the counter. Having been raised for an influential portion of my life in Wisconsin, I have been resistant to the concept of Wiz. But this was something more than your average wiz. Add the top notch steak and the great roll and you've got an amazing sandwich. That being said, I'd be really happy with a little more sandwich for the price, but the quality makes up for the size.

I also picked up a local soda (Hank's) and ordered some pretzels with mustard. The pretzels were all I could hope for, but the mustard was phenomenal. I want to come back and try that mustard on a sandwich. It's made fresh by Denise Campo, and that freshness comes through. It has a sinus-clearing bite that other lesser mustards have to resort to horseradish to attain. I also really want to come back and check out the Heater, which is made with a great jalapeno cheese.

This quality establishment is worth the visit, but make sure you bring cash. Maybe I can upgrade them to a "5" after another time or two.
My elderly mother asked for a cup of water to take her medication.  We bought 4 sandwiches and 3 drinks, totaling over $50.00.  The owner told her "no".  He then went on to say  he doesn't give out free water because it was a sandwich shop not a sit down restaurant.  He was so rude about it, treating her as if she were a bum off the street.  We were visiting and looking forward to having a real Philly cheesesteak and yet we left having a not very good sandwich and a very unpleasant experience.  My advice... Skip this place and head a few blocks over to jim's.  Now that's a Philly cheesesteak!
Your choice of 7 different cheese steaks, including BBQ, Italian, and Pizza options. Talk about variety! 

I recently tried the "Holy Feldman" (a super-spicy cheese steak made with pepper jack cheese and hot sauce) and was a little disappointed. I definitely like spicy food, but not when it's so spicy it lacks flavor. For me, I'm sticking with the traditional cheese steak. At $7, it's possibly the best deal in Old City. 

This was my default "go to" place when I had friends visiting from out of town.
Down in the historic section of Philly with my family and was looking for a quick bite. I inquired about a close by place for cheese steak and was pointed towards Campo's.

I wanted to like it as I have been told that there are much better places than the traditional Geno's or Pats. Well I was disappointed.  

The bread was somewhat stale, the steak overcooked and it was on the small size for an $9.25 sandwich. To add to this, I did a Yelp check-in once we placed the order and were waiting for the food to be ready. I saw a special that said "mention Yelp and receive a 10% discount". I went back up and asked if they would honor it. I was told nicely, sorry had to be told that before I rang you up. Seriously, in this day the manager cant empower it's employees to provide a discount after its been rung up? If its a cash register thing than throw a customer a dessert on the house or something.  Needless to say, I won't be back next time I'm in Philly.
Honestly this was a huge waste of my money. I got two veggie sandwiches, a grilled cheese and two fountain drinks and the total came to $43. After ordering they said they don't accept cards. Who the hell carries cash these days? Luckily they had an ATM machine, but charges $1.50 to withdrawal money. I ordered a grill cheese from the kids meal and asked if they came with fries and they said,  "we don't fry anything here" so I asked if it came with a side. After listing the sides I asked for the Mac and cheese (assuming that it just came with it), but after looking at the receipt I got charged an extra $4. Anyways, we began to eat and the veggies were bitter and the cheese was way too salty. We asked for a fountain refill and they said it's a dollar for a refill. If I could give no stars, I would. By far a huge disappointment and a waste of money. I would never eat there again.
Horrible.  Do not eat here.  I have eaten here at least 5 times (due to its proximity to my office and my laziness) and have always been disappointed.  The prices are way too expensive and the sandwiches are way too small.  Who wants a $14 dollar lunch consisting of a bland cheesesteak, fountain soda and small bag of chips? Well if you eat here that is what you will get.  I feel sorry for the tourists who get directed to this sandwich shop for one of our famous Philly cheesesteaks; and I should be punished for voluntarily eating here so many times.  As you can tell, I am fed up with this place which left me repeatedly underfed.
Stopped by to grab ham and cheese hoagie for my hubs. I asked for a large and paid $10.00. I'm from Jersey, so when we say large, we expect a large sandwich, especially if it costs $10.00. I'm pretty sure I got a medium or maybe a small by other sandwich standards. 

My husband and I usually split a sandwich, but that won't be the case this time. He will kill this one all by himself. I don't plan to return to Campos to get robbed again.
I think the food is better than average but not "award winning" as they , like every other cheesesteak place, claims.  

Also why do these places also seem to be run by grumpy disgruntled folks?  Right next door is another cheesesteak place (whose name escapes me) with equally as average cheesesteakes and an owner who is much more friendly.

When I first moved to Olde City, Campos was my delivery hogie place of choice.  Then one day they said they don't deliver to my area.  Despite my reminding them that I had them deliver to me a mere week ago my pleas fell on deaf ears.

Leave this place to the Market St tourists who don't know any better.
Having been to many of the popular cheesesteak restaurants (Pat's, Geno's, Dalessandro's, John's Roast Pork, Steve's, Philip's, Sonny's) in Philly already, my fiance and I were in search of the next best spot on our most recent trip to the city. Over and over again, I saw Campo's on top 10 lists, so it only made sense for us to visit the Old City neighborhood to check it out.

Although Campo's is a deli, it's apparently well-known for their cheesesteaks. We dropped by after a Phillies game on a Saturday evening at about 7:30pm and there were a fair amount of customers eating inside and outside, but there were a few tables still available. The restaurant was pretty small, but we were able to get a seat without any waiting. When we walked in, the decor reminded me more of a bar than an actual sandwich shop. 

The menu was actually pretty big and had lots of items on it, but we went straight to the cheesesteaks. There were a few options, but we went with The Works, which was a cheesesteak with sweet bell peppers, mushrooms, grilled onions, provolone. We were bigger fans of cheesesteaks with whiz than provolone so we had the provolone swapped out for the whiz.

The verdict? The cheesesteak was pretty small, maybe the smallest we had seen yet, so if you're starving this might not be the place for you. There was an OK amount of steak, plenty of whiz on it, but a sparse amount of peppers, mushrooms and onions. The meat had very good flavor on it, mainly because it was saltier. Also, the bread was cold and not warmed up, which put a damper on eating it. The bottom line: Something was just lacking - whether it was because the meat needed to be juicier or the cheesesteak needed to be bigger, that IT factor was missing. Would we come here again? Probably not because of the number of cheesesteak options in Philly. Plus, parking can be difficult to find in the area, since it is located in a very busy neighborhood, and can be expensive at $2.50 per hour via the meters.
Excellent.  Excellent cheesesteaks.
I had the Italian (Sharp Prov and Broc. Rabe) and added mushrooms - $.75.
My friend had "The Works"/

About $11 a pop - but huges and delicious and NOT dripping with grease.

Crowded and cramped to eat there - but so. worth. it.
Teeming with tourists - NATCH.

CASH ONLY  (ATM on site)
I stumbled upon Campo's like most people I guess, I was out late one night in Olde City cruising the clubs and, lo and behold there was Campo's in my sights. Seemed like a friendly place and I saw that cheesesteaks were on the menu. I never heard of Campo's before and while dining there, i didn't recognize anyone i knew. I finally figured it out, this wasn't a real local spot yet and most of the customers were out of towners. Which doesn't bother me, I was excited about the vast selections available to me. The Cheesesteak was decent, but a little small and the prices were a little high, but a great location and a great atmoshere made it special.
Took my son here during an 8th grade field trip to the area.  I was so excited to try this place based on both local recommendations and television reviews that I'd seen.  

What a disappointment.

Placed my order (2 cheesesteak sandwiches, 1 bag of chips, 2 sodas=$27 and change), and was bluntly told "cash only".  No smile, no "sorry about that"...just "there's a cash machine at the entrance.  

My son ended up digging money out of his wallet and paid.  When it arrived, the sandwiches looked fantastic.  Fresh, tender bread, stuffed with meat, cheese, and veggies.  It wasn't until we took our first bite that the disappointment hit us.  Totally flavorless meat that was in desperate need of salt.  Very chewy, too.  Also, the skin on the green peppers was difficult to bite through.  It was as if the skin was made of plastic.  The onions were cooked just past raw, and when I took a bite of one, it bit me back, with no caramelization at all.  Finally, the cheese had not been thoroughly incorporated into the meat, so it was only melted in part(s) of the sandwich.

Halfway through the meal, my son remarked that the ones I make at home are much better.  Sadly, I had to agree.
Typical Philly rudeness. I was here with a group of "out of towners" and the girl working the counter made sure we knew we were in "Philly." She seemed annoyed when we ordered and when I asked for 7 forks she got them but made sure to say "that's what your hands are for." Overall the food is ok, I had the eggplant parmigiana and I would definitely not run for it. My guests had the cheesesteak and were not impressed. If you want a good cheesesteak go to Pudge's in Conshohocken, don't waste your money at this place. I have no idea how this place is Zagat rated.
Eh. This place is over-rated. Of course, I don't give a shit about cheesesteaks, or famous cheesesteaks. I just like good sandwiches. 

The grilled veggie is alright, and the the eggplant parm is pretty good, though I still think that everything in this joint is over-priced. The sandwiches are also pretty huge - I usually split one with the BF if I can convince him to eat something without bacon on it. If it wasn't so close to the Ritz, and I didn't so love to take my dinner to the movies on cheap Wednesday night, I'd probably never go here. But as the situation stands, it'll suffice.
All the good review has no sense. The service is not great. The server looks at me like it was bored looking. Like it was the end of the world to serve me. And the sandwich was not good either : no taste in the meat. Go to Jim's steak it is much better !!
My first Philly cheesesteak! I got the regular cheesesteak with cheese whiz. I thought it was pretty good, but my friend from Philly said that it was not the most authentic. Also, be warned... they charge you for ordering water!! 

I would actually give it 3.5 stars.
Ordered 2 sodas with my 2 cheesesteaks. Was looking at the bottle in the fridge and didn't even notice the fountain soda machine. Woman at the counter grabbed a Diet dr. Pepper from the fridge and filled up Coke from the fountain. Didn't even notice til the fountain soda was filling up and asked for a bottle from fridge because it tastes better. Woman was mean about it and wouldn't give me the bottle. Would not budge and had an attitude Charged $3 for flat coke. She finally allowed for a free refill after i asked for it 2/3 times.  I promise i will never ever go to Campos again. So many options to get food and drinks.  The whole experience reeked of Old Philly attitude.  She lost a customer for life over it and I'm telling others.
I chose Campo's for a school trip that I helped organize for a group of fifty-some eighth graders who wanted to sample some cheesesteaks, hoagies, and pretzels on their first trip to Philly. The Campo's staff -- and particularly Denise Campo herself -- could not have been more kind, helpful, or accommodating, despite my numerous phone calls revising or amending my order. With relatively little advance notice, Denise and her crew orchestrated the perfect spread of iconic Philly foods for my students, who commandeered the entire restaurant and enjoyed every moment they spent there. The food was hot, fresh, and satisfying. I will return to Campo's whenever I'm back in Philly, and I enthusiastically recommend this establishment to anyone.
Decidedly OK cheesesteaks here; I think that most people will be underwhelmed. Also, this place is CASH ONLY.

We were hoping to check out nearby rival Sonny's for authentic Philly Cheesesteaks, but it was a small venue that was pretty packed.  Campo's is just down the street, and is about the same size.  The cheesesteaks were solid - we got one with the works.  While not huge, these sandwiches are heavy enough to really split between two people.  However, Campo's doesn't offer fries ("we don't have anything fried here") and instead has potato and macaroni salads as sides.  That's kind of a disappointment.  I mean, people who order cheesesteaks aren't seeking health food. 

Campo's has a moderate amount of outdoor seating - inside is pretty cramped.  The service was fast and friendly.  But seriously - this place isn't nearly good enough to justify its cash-only policy.  You can get a similar quality cheeseteak throughout the city, with fries, and pay with a card at so many other places.  Feel free to pass on Campo's.
2 stars for overpriced regular sandwiches + credit card fees, 4 stars for having a good gluten free cheesesteak. But seriously, this is the only place I have EVER been to that will still charge you an extra DOLLAR for paying with your credit card even when you spend $25+ on two sandwiches. Kind-of ridiculous during COVID, especially considering how dirty cash is and you should really be encouraging cleaner payment methods to keep everyone (including your employees) safe.
Ordered from Caviar which was a disaster. Campo's on the other hand was fabulous. They remade my sandwich fresh after waiting an hour for Caviar to pick up. Our sandwiches were great. Highly recommended.
Campo's is above and beyond the best sandwich in the city.  They are not necessarily the biggest but it satisfies me every time since they are the most delicious and truly a definition of philly cheesesteaks by which all others should be measured. 

The Campos have mastered the art of the sandwich. They are very very good people working here and they all enjoy treating you to the best this city has to offer in the way of quality. 

If you want to be really gourmet you get a bottle of genuine philadelphia root beer which will make you never want to drink from the fountain again. Worlds of difference! They also have a good beer selection. 

CASH only, ATM on site. Indoor and outdoor seating.
A man from New Jersey (who later became my fiance) introduced me to Campo's and I will never go back to Pats or Genos or the other "standard" cheesesteak establishments.  My favorite cheesesteak in Philadelphia presides in a bodega at 28th and Girard and since I don't get there much, Campo's has taken its place.

There is a reason that they have a shop at CBP and they ship nationwide, b/c they rock!  Go to Campo's for the authentic cheesesteak experience.
We stopped by for the first time because my friend was craving Philly cheesesteak. It is located on Market Street, in the touristy part od town. Overall, I was pleasantly surprised but not blown away. 

Tip: CASH only!
But there is an ATM machine inside for an extra fee.

Inside was clean with plenty of tables to catch up with friends. I ordered the Valentine sandwich which was grilled chicken, onions and provolone cheese. It was $10.25 but the employee was kind enough to give me a discount so it ended being $9. I was pleasantly surprised because the sandwich wasn't too greasy or salty or too heavy on the cheese. The bun was toasty and soft. My only complaint was that the chicken was a bit dry. 

Overall a nice place for a quick grab and go. But I wouldn't make a specific trip to come here unless I happened to be in the area.
I didn't get to eat here, but I feel like they have earned a review.  I made careful plans to get to Campo's before they closed, so that I could pick up a sandwich before I want to a game night with friends.  

They decided to close 15 minutes early.  The person picking up the rug reacted like I was the bad guy for wondering why they weren't keeping their hours.  I'll never go to this place.  That's what happens, Campo's, when you aren't faithful to your hours.

There are plenty of other places in town to get a Philly cheesesteak, even for lactose and gluten intolerant people.
Definitely not close to the best. Chicken cheesesteak the works was very bland, as was the chicken heater. Will not be back
A really good cheesesteak but somewhat on the smaller side, also could have used some more meat. Enjoyed the meal, but not so much washing it down with a $3 soda. 

Try the pretzels with their mustard sauce. Watch out, though, it's super spicy (yet addicting)
First time in Philly and one of my bucket list items was to have a cheesesteak.  I would have loved to have tried Geno's or Pat's for the popularity, but they are a little out of the way from the Old City.  A tour guide recommended Campos which is conveniently  located at 2nd and market street if you are in the independence hall area.  First impression, no space.  This restaurant is tiny and very cramped.  The food was okay at best, but hey, it's a cheesesteak so I'll let it go.   But I have had better in small town suburbia.  Nonetheless I was able to strike off cheesesteak in Philly.   For the location, this place is convenient, but the sandwich alone is approximately $10 and not the best I've had.
Really cannot figure out what the fuss is about.  Unbelievably overpriced and easily the worst cheesesteak I've eaten in Philly.  The bread was dry and hard and the meat and cheese had no flavor.

The service is also terrible.  When we walked in and realized it was cash only, the woman behind the counter said absolutely nothing and just pointed to the ATM in the store.  It also took longer than I would have expected to produce such a terrible sandwhich.

Basically, I was out however much the exorbitant cheesesteak cost plus the transaction fee from the ATM and left very unsatisfied.
A good cheese steak. Large bread with a lot of meat compared to Sonny's. I got a sandwich from Sonny's and my wife got a sandwich from Campos. Sonny's was a bit smaller but more flavorful. The Campos while larger and meaty need salt and pepper to help it out.
Does Campos arguably have the best cheesesteak in Philly. Yes they do...arguably BUT I won't rank it no. 1 in my argument but I will rank it good...really good! And the service from the family that has been running this place since 1947 is amazing. If you've been to Philly and you haven't visited the Liberty Bell, Independence Hall, the Rocky Statue and Campos you haven't been to Philly!
This was a terrible experience. Not only did I wait 30 minutes for a 2-minute sandwich, I got to watch the old white man behind the counter tell non-white customers to shut the Hell up in front of women and children. I don't care how busy or stressed you are, that behavior is vile and unacceptable. They could have the best cheesesteaks in town (which they do NOT) and I would never come back to watch people get treated like that. Will be checking to see if Philly has a human rights office - this warrants a complaint. Also, they are not enforcing mask or other health measures even though they claim to.
My aunt (a PHL native) used the Goldbelly app to ship us 2 Italian hoagies and 2 cheesesteaks with provolone all the way to Seattle as a holiday gift. All I can say is WOWWWWWWWW!! So good, it practically brought tears to our eyes (bf is also originally from PA). If it's this good after traveling 3k miles, I can only imagine how good it is when it's handed to you fresh. You just can't get stuff like this out here. I mean, yes, they have sandwiches in Seattle. But not what I would call proper hoagies and cheesesteaks. Not like this. Once it's safe to travel again, we'll def come by in person on our next trip out. YUM.
I think that Jim's on 4th and South is slightly better, but I actually think that Lickety Split may be better than both!

I went here yesterday on my way out of Philadelphia.  Earlier in the day, I went to Jim's.  Jim's is slightly better (I rated it 3-stars) and their meat is more seasoned and minced/chopped.  

SUMMARY:  Philly Cheesesteaks need an update.  Anything that has CheezeWhizz as an option is bad news.  It's better to eat NYC pizza instead.
This place has been called a tourist trap. It is a short walk from the historical sights, but what is wrong with being one of the more convenient places in the area for visitors to grab a decent lunch?
I have only tried a few of the many cheesesteak places in Philadelphia. Geno's was nothing special, it's the McDonald's of cheesesteaks. I couldn't deal with the line at Pat's, Tony Luke, Jr.'s couldn't even get my order correct, and Jim's on South St. basically sux. Read my review of Jim's if you care what I think.
I have eaten at Campo's several times. I like the fact that the cheesesteak was cooked to order, and that it was served piping hot. The whiz  was messy, and dripped down my fingers. Yum. The crusty roll was fantastic.
I'll still search for the best cheesesteak in Philadelphia, but for now, Campo's tops my list.
Oh.My.Gosh!! If you are wanting an authentic Philly cheesesteak then check out Campos!! They do have indoor as well as outdoor dining available and sanitizer at the register. 
Their sandwiches are good sized but trust me, you will eat it up!! They do have options of chicken, steak or vegan but go all out. Get steak and have them load it up with cheez wiz!
I hope your mouth is watering...so you have enough saliva to wash down this dry cheesesteak. 
Tried The Works, Pizza Sauce, and Maggie's cheesesteaks. None of them were good. Size is smaller than other cheesesteak places, meat is dry, and there's barely any cheese. 
Highly recommend you not to come here for cheesesteaks and literally go anywhere else. Anywhere. Really.
Terrible, over priced, CASH ONLY and an all around bad experience.

Worst cheesesteak I've ever had. We went to Sonny's a few doors down the night before, which was phenomenal. Decided to try a new place, which turned out to be a real bad decision.

Ordering is weird; no menu board, and the counter where you order is so cluttered with shit that I had no clue how to thread my money through the garbage and into the cashier's mitt. Oh, and it's cash only, yet they charge premium prices compared to other places that have no problem accepting those new-fangled credit cards.

Two cheesesteaks and some coleslaw that I was assured was amazing and freshly made was near $25. That's it; no drinks, no reach around, nothing. And the cashier made a point to tell me that they don't fry anything, so no fries. Wow, way to take a stand against the best accompaniment to cheesesteaks. Heroes...

Took an absurd amount of time to get our food. When we got it, it was a rather pathetic looking 8" sandwich cut in half and served in a wicker basket. Much smaller than Sonny's, but costs more? It must be outstanding then!

Nope. First bite was like gnawing on an old shoe covered in cheese. Meat was horrible. It's sliced thick, it was over cooked and wasn't a particularly good cut to begin with. I ordered the "Works" or something to that effect, and I think I saw one or two mushrooms in there along with the essence of an onion and what may have been a pepper. Very skimpy on the toppings. 

Ended up dumping half the steak/connective tissue off. Bread was actually really good, about the only positive I could find. My sister had the same experience with her creation; most of it went into the trash.

The coleslaw was wretched. Sure, it was fresh, but had as much flavor as soggy paper with a few carrots throw in. Inedible. What a waste.

Steer clear of this place. You'll find a much better product down the street at Sonny's, but I suppose I wouldn't know how good they are had I not had a basket of shit at Campo's to measure it against.
My girlfriend and I stopped by Campo's after the St. Patrick's Day Parade. We were just looking for something quick and warm. I've had Campo's cheesesteaks before at Phillies games but never really paid attention to the quality.

I had a cheesesteak with whiz and my girlfriend had the pizza steak. The steak wasn't as finely chopped as much as we'd like and was fairly gristly. The sandwiches were oily and don't compare to the many other great cheesesteak options in the city.

The restaurant is very small and has small tables to sit at. It is cash only which is kind of annoying, but there is an ATM at the entrance with a $1.50 fee.
The staff was very rude. I ordered a cheesesteak and got a chicken sandwich. I told them my problem and the cashier said I ordered chicken. Why would I order chicken when I came to philly for a cheesesteak. She was fighting me telling me I was wrong. And that was that. I had to eat my nasty chicken whiz sandwich. Also everything is way overpriced. Refills are extra and they only accept cash. What a joke. Never going or recommending this place. Sonnys which is close to next door is much better.
The cheese steak is good but the Italian Hoagie is the best I've ever had. Highly recommended.
Good Philly Cheesesteak, but not near the best out there. Upside is that you can enjoy a brew with your food.
Was visiting family and they wanted to try to place. First thing and most important thing to note is that it is Cash Only. They have an ATM on site with a "small" fee to use it.. I think the sign said it was $1.50; which could be much worse. The seating is somewhat limited inside with more tables outside in front of the storefront. The cheesesteak itself was pretty good. I got it with Wiz and Onions. The only thing was that I thought that the cheesesteak was a little small in size and that the onions were a little chunkier than I would have preferred. I wouldn't say that this would be the first place I would look to go get an authentic Philly cheesesteak; but I wouldn't try to avoid it at all costs. It's kind of a middle of the road kind of place that if you are near Penns Landing and looking for a cheesesteak, it's worth consideration; but would not be my first or second choice.
Really nice family-owned restaurant. About as laid back as a restaurant can be. We asked at our hotel where the best local authentic Philly cheesesteak could be had. Campo's was their first answer. Nice selection. Steak. Or chicken or other meats if you want. Will definitely go again when we are in town next.
Came to Philly for the first time and this was the first stop for the cheesesteak. It looked like a family owned restaurant. Ordered the Works for $9.50 and a regular coke for 2.32. I'm kind of surprise that they don't accept credit cards. =( 

There was nothing special of the cheesesteak, your regular pepper, mushrooms and cheese on a roll. The coca cola was refreshing and good, i'm surprised it was fountain. I didn't like the fact that they charged tax and they only accept cash. There were seatings outside and in without charge, thank god.
I have been going to Campo's since they first opened, and they are one of the better sandwich/cheesesteak places in the city.  

I go here for their "Godfather" Sandwich - one of my favorites.   They make better sandwiches than "Fork Etc..." up the street.  

Consistent and good quality grub.

NOTE:  Tourists flock here so be warned.
Pretty close to hitting it on the nail. Chinks is my favorite but campos is a close 2nd. The meat taste awesome but I don't feel the bread compliments its awesomeness. Dont get me wrong the bread was good, just not awesome. Also hit up Tony lukes where the bread was "awesome" and the meat was not. Now all campos has to do is get their hands on some of that bread!
Really bad all around.  Mean service, crappy cheesteak, wiz that tasted like it had expired.  And expensive for what it is to boot.  

Totally a spot to avoid.  Sad that it's going to still get a lot of walk in business from the area.  Please don't judge philly food based on this spot.
Best cheesesteaks ever!  We ate here twice while we were in town for Labor Day Weekend.  The lady who took our orders on Sunday (short brown hair) wasn't very friendly - to anyone, but the younger girl who worked on Saturday (long dark hair) was very nice.  Not sure on their names.  Cheesesteaks are huge - you don't need to order anything else. 

Soda refills are $1 - kinda lame, but not a huge deal.

Also, the don't take credit cards!   Make sure you have cash.
Well, this is what I get for not consulting Yelp before going hunting for a cheesesteak.  Apparently this place is a tourist trap, but it was where we ended up for lunch.  A friend of mine was visiting Philadelphia to try to decide on Penn for grad school (reason #2 for my trip to Philly), and she and her BF refused to leave without having at least one cheesesteak.  Time was of the essence (as was it being within walking distance), and this was the closest option.  According to the shopkeeper at Sugarcube (review forthcoming), these "were good enough if you don't have time to go to South Philly and try the real thing."

And good enough they were.  The two of them went for the truly artery clogging versions with cheese wiz.  I settled for provolone and pepper.  Was it tasty?  Sure.  But since I can't actually remember the last time I had a cheesesteak, I really don't have anything to compare it to.   And apparently $8 for a cheesesteak is pricey, but to this New Yorker, it was a steal.  It did the job.
After the last few places in my ever-ongoing cheesesteak quest were lame, I have Cheesesteak Redemption!  Two extra points for broccoli rabe.  

Good one here in comparison to my last few cheesesteak endeavors.  I wouldn't mind stopping in if I was in the area, don't think I'd make a separate trip for this one, though.
Let's start with the price...I got a caprese sandwich and a diet Coke from the fountain. Total bill: $12.83. Wow...and the fountain drink was like $2.50 or $2.75 of that. Really? I mean, that's the kind of price I pay at the ballpark...c'mon. So, on price.value I would have given this a 2. However...

The caprese sandwich was really tasty. It has some shave prosciutto in addition to the sweet peppers and mozzarella. It was super, and I ate more than I should have. So, from a sandwich perspective: 4.

Seating is really tight in there. And I have a bit of claustrophobia, so I do't like that. It's a cold day today so it wasn't completely crowded, but I didn't finish my sandwich quickly so that I didn't get trapped in the corner. That would have been horrible. Seating: 2.5.

So, that rounds out to a 3. Just okay because of the sticker shock.
This place is garbage. I went there once (and only once), and asked if I could have a cup of water with my meal. I was told "no." Any place that treats their customers this badly does not deserve my or anyone else's business. I recommend you stay away...
Here's the deal with Campo's...

I went in for a turkey hoagie with sharp provolone. I came out $9 poorer and that's without anything to wash it down with. A short time later I was disgusted. The hoagie was dry, the roll was stiff, the sharp provolone (which costs an entire dollar extra) didn't... taste... like... ANYTHING... and my lettuce was yellow! 

They gave me yellow lettuce like that's the best they could do...yellow. I'm not tryin to hear it. The best I can do is a YELLOW star for that.
I have to agree with the previous review and say it definitely melts in your mouth. It's a friendly, relaxed and non rushed atmosphere(unlike the rest of them). The only downside is they don't have fries BUT they do have homemade mac&cheese which is out of this world. I thought Tony Lukes was the best, this is slightly better. Gotta try it again just to be sure...and again...and again...
Cash only. 30+ minute wait for a sandwich. 

Sandwiches were decent. Home made sides and desserts weren't bad either. Thought the meat was a little blan and fatty.

Menu has lots of choices including vegan and veggie. Bottles beer is also available. Staff could have been friendlier, but at the end of the day decent eats.
Here's the rundown:

Cash only - wack.
Meat quality - average
Bread - average 
Cheese prep - wack. 
Prices (given above) - wack. 

Overall, this could have been much better if they had bothered to cook the cheese properly instead of globbing it on the bread -- which had the effect of making the cheesesteak lukewarm. 

Skip, and just go down the street (the place down the block is way better.)
I love this place. First of all - take out beer, bitchin! The homemade mac & chee is to die for. But, what really made me love this place is the staff and the environment they create. When I asked the cashier for a recommendation, she told me that her dad makes the meatballs himself and her mom makes something else herself...I just thought that was the cutest thing ever.

Campo's rocks.
