Ein weiterer Teil des Independence National Historical Park ist die Carpenters Hall, die sich in der Nähe der Altstadt befindet. 

Das zweistöckige Backsteingebäude wurde zwischen 1770 und 1774 im georgianischen Stil für die Zunft der Zimmerleute errichtet. Der in Schottland geborene Architekt Robert Smith hat hier die Rathäuser seiner Heimat und die Villen des Palladio aus Italien als Vorlage herangezogen.

1774 trat hier der erste Kontinentalkongress zusammen und während des Unabhängigkeitskrieges wurde es als Krankenhaus genutzt. Im Inneren des Gebäudes erwartet den Besucher eine kleine Ausstellung mit historischen Sammlungsstücken und zahlreichen Schautafeln. 

Seit dem 15. April 1970 wurde das Gebäude in das National Register of Historic Places  aufgenommen. Der Eintritt ist frei. Es ist außer montags von 10.00 - 16.00 Uhr geöffnet. Im Januar und Februar ist das Gebäude auch dienstags geschlossen. 

Eine schöne Sehenswürdigkeit, die man bei einem Rundgang durch den Independence National Historical Park sich nicht entgehen lassen sollte.
A nice and necessary museum.  I am grateful that Philadelphia has a plethora of attractions going back to a defining point in American history.  There is a lot that happened here, it is a pleasant experience.  If you are looking for a museum that has a lot of buttons and flashing lights, go to the Franklin Institute, this is not that type of museum.  If you are looking to stand in an historic place and soak in some information on the founding of this country, you have arrived.
How amazing is it that you can stand in such a historic building?  This building has hosted so many historical figures and events, that it is no wonder that it is listed as a National Historic Landmark (which it has held that title since 1970).  My dorkiness is going to shine through here as I find it fascinating that I am still able to step foot inside such a building.

For a very brief history on this place, it was completed in 1775 by the Carpenters' Company of the City and County of Philadelphia.  However, in 1774 the First Continental Congress met here which led to a boycott on British goods.  And the Pennsylvania Provincial Conference met here in 1776 which declared Pennsylvania independent from the British Empire.  I would say a lot of significant historical events have happened within these walls.  Pretty neat.

Within this building you will find many things to look at, and if you want to stick around I believe they do some type of guided tour that explains some of the artifacts held here.  I just did my own thing in here and read the information posted about.

As one reviewer previously stated, this is a small place and you can definitely breeze through here.  But like I said, you can go about this place at your own pace.  It is free to walk in here and the outside of the building can offer your some amazing pictures at the right angles.
The Carpenters' Company of the City and County of Philadelphia began construction of this hall in 1770 as a meeting place for their guild. It soon hosted not only builders' society meetings, but also ones of great historical consequence, like the First Continental Congress and the development of the constitution of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Over time, it's hosted the First and Second Banks of the United States, among other companies and organizations, and to this day it remains an actively rented hall.

It looks like a compact but stately brick building from the outside. It's a bit unassuming because it's set well back from the street. Once inside, you can tour a foyer and the main first floor hall, which are packed with exhibits about the building's history, the engineering techniques used in its construction, and the historical members of the company. When I stopped by, they were limiting the number of indoor visitors to 10 at time, which made for plenty of room to spread out, take pics, or read exhibits without being c**kblocked. Definitely worth a stop in your Old City tourist checklist.
Carpenter's Hall was one of those buildings that normally don't get the tourist nod, but its there. I visited this site in October 2013, but did not do a mobile check in, so it's kind of a belated review on my part. The Carpenter's Hall is the site of the First Continental Congress, where all the delegates of the fledgling United States of America.  In 1774, these delegates met to form a better government for the people of the new land and help usher in a revolution that overthrew the English crown. The building itself is quite beautiful, almost like a refurbished replica seeped in history, that just comes out to life before your very eyes. The time I was here, most of the government was in its shutdown mode, and therefore, majority of the top tourist attractions were close, except for the Carpenter's Hall.  I was glad to get to see this place in full view. There are no lines and, clearly, off the beaten path for sure.

The Carpenter's Hall was built on present-day Chestnut Street, near the first Supreme Court building of the United States. Also nearby, is the Ben Franklin library, the Liberty Bell, and Independence Hall. Yes, all of the historical stuff are in this area called Old City. Yes, definitely do come and check things out and recommended to broadening your horizons.  There are a few historical things to read and learn about Carpenter's Hall and the members of the first Continental Congress. There are many notable names inscribed on a wall in the corner of the building. The reason why it's called The Carpenter's Hall, is because it was built by the first trade union in the United States: the Carpenter's Company. Not to be confused by the carpenters union of today. The staff here is very informative to answer any questions you may have about the Carpenter's Hall.

I was enamored by the architecture inside and outside. At its basic structure, the Carpenter's Hall is more like a real fancy home. It probably must've been before it was used to be the seat for the First Continental Congress. My experience here was short and brief, but I did gain a lot of insight as to how the First Continental Congress had done business and what had become of them thereafter. You learn this stuff in the history books growing up in school, but to be able to step inside history and see it for your own eyes is very much amazing. The history will astound you and amaze. I'm not too sure of tours of Carpenter's Hall, but the building is so small, you probably can just give yourself a guided tour anyway. I must've spent about 30 minutes here, reading and absorbing knowledge and the nuance of history of how the United States came into existence. 

Free admission!

Support local!

B+
(From the archives of July)

Carpenters Hall while perfectly situated in the historic Old City area of Philadelphia, is one of the more overlooked sites you can visit.  Some of that is because it does not have the PR backing of the National Parks Service, some of it is because the building is set back from the street and fairly easy to walk by/miss without even knowing that you missed it and personally I think the biggie is that not as much happened here in comparison to the other neighboring 18th century sites.

The Hall was built by the Carpenters' Company for their own meetings and purposes.  The misnomers here are that they are not a company and that they are only carpenters.  Think of it more as a trade group association for contractors and architects.  The members here built their own hall, Christ Church steeple and Independence Hall for starters.  

The hall itself is best known for hosting the First Continental Congress, the place where the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania was formally established and it was occupied by the British in 1777 when they took over Philadelphia.  Along the way it also hosted meetings by The First and Second Banks of the United States, Ben Franklin's Library Company and the American Philosophical Society.

So far, so good but why the meh, review rating?  Most of that has to do with how the Carpenters' Company chooses to interpret the building when you get there.

Our visit was on a warm and muggy weekday in August and while Independence Hall, the Liberty Bell and the Second National Bank portrait galleries all had solid crowds this place was fairly deserted.  Maybe it has something to do with no one being there to greet people or to explain/interpret things?  Two people behind the counter of their small shop mostly just standing there or giving out tourist directions to other sites while a guy who I assume was there to answer questions sat off towards the opposite corner while he was on his phone.

There are some neat displays of classic period building tools and a few interesting documents but there's not much to hold your attention.  We love Colonial History but this one was a 20-30 minute in/out one and done snooze fest.

The hall is open year round from 10-4.  It's always closed on Mondays and Tuesdays are closed in January & February.  Oh, and it is free.
This historical site off the beaten path is a neat building which kind of shows you how they build buildings back in the day!  Inside, there's a model during construction, examples of the tools they used, and some general guidelines on trusses and construction methods.  It's on the way from Independence Hall to the Ben Franklin stuff and it's a quick stop that you can spend 5-10 minutes in to check out, or talk to the people working there about the history and spend a half hour.  It's worth the stop, in my opinion, but not an all day adventure.
(Once again, a floral-centric review.)

Even though there's currently scaffolding and whatnot about Carpenters' Hall, this's still a very beautiful building.

Wanna know why?

I'll tell ya. The lilac bushes immediately adjacent to it are currently in bloom.

That's why.

I've been told that the lilacs are blooming earlier than usual this year.

Don't miss out. Once again, act fast or you'll miss out. You don't wanna miss out.

(Lilac flowers are bisexual, BTW. Nudge. Nudge. Wink. Wink.) 

[Please, be mindful of the other flowers in the flower bed when idling on up to the blooms for a little snift or two. We wouldn't want the shorter, ground-dwelling flowers to get trampled.]
Carpenters' Hall is worth a quick look if you're there - it's free and there's no line.  The building has historical significance at the site of the First Continental Congress.  More interesting is the intricate diorama of the construction of the hall, and the collection of vintage carpenter's tools.
When all the other historic sites in Philadelphia were closed because of shut downs and furloughs coming from the nonsense in Washington, alone in staying proudly open was Carpenter's Hall, much as it has since its founding in 1770.  

An excellent example of Georgian style architecture, it was built by the first trade union in the United States, The Carpenters' Company.  It was here that the American Revolution really began with the First Continental Congress in 1774, when delegates from 12 colonies (nee Georgia), met to decide how to respond to the mounting British oppression.  They voted to boycott all English goods, and to meet again the following year should this not be enough to solve the problem.  The rest, as we all know, is our history.  

Ben Franklin opened his Library Company on the second floor.  The first and second National Bank of the United States used the first floor for several years before grander quarters were built nearby (and ultimately failed when challenged by Andrew Jackson years later). 

The building is set back from Chestnut Street, and approaching it gives a perspective of how it much have felt to do so in the 18th Century on cobblestone, horse manure, oil lamp streets.  It has a modest nobility for a structure so old and prominent in our nation's struggles for freedom.  Its larger grander cousin, Independence Hall, soon overtook it as the symbol of this fight and the center of courageous political discourse on the path to nationhood, but Carpenters' Hall continued to play a significant role as a meeting house for rebels and spies, the Philosophical Society, hospital, and Franklin's Library. 

In a time when the struggle to birth a nation was very real and daunting, and men had to seriously pledge their sacred honor and very lives to take a stand, it is a sad comparison to realize how far we have fallen as a country this very day. Those people knew the meaning of what they were doing, and went ahead bravely. 

 Where are those leaders today?  

Carpenters' Hall awaits their awakening and offers a reminder of what true patriotism means.
We had passed the buildings on the way to the Museum of the American Revolution, and then got a tip from the gentleman working the museum store.  So, we decided to check it out, despite the snow.  We were glad we did, as the compound was empty of people and we got some good views of the First American Bank, founded by Alexander Hamilton and some of the houses.  Then, we made our way to the Carpenters' Hall, which was the site of the first constitutional convention.  The house has a long history, and there are displays for its construction as well as narratives about its founding, founding members, and meetings.  The people staffing the site were friendly but only helped if asked.  We did the tour self-guided as there are plenty of materials for learning.
Excellent museum. 

1) The building is beautiful. 
2) There is a nice collection. 
3) They are helpful with questions and recommendations. 
4) It is FREE!
Carpenters' Hall is the official birthplace of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and a key meeting place in the early history of the United States. It is in Independence National Historical Park in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. While physically small, it is a must-visit and an incredibly important spot in American history. It's right by Independence Hall and worth popping in to learn more about how this place hosted the First Continental Congress in 1774 and was home to Franklin's Library Company, The American Philosophical Society, and the First and Second Banks of the United States. 

It's also has a tiny little gift shop in there as well if you want to grab some memorabilia as well. The staff is incredibly kind and knowledgeable as well and excited to engage and share facts about history here.
A free historic site in the old city, no appointment, no fee, just wander in and see some interesting things about the carpenters society, including members and stuff they built. There was a docent who gave some information to the group while we walked through, so we gained extra insight.

It takes maybe 15-30 minutes to walk through, but it's a nice little stop if you're also going through other sites in the area.
4 stars for an interesting museum along a stretch of history. It gives you a free peak into the history of nearby neighborhoods with nice insight into the location of meetings for the First Continental Congress. I think it's definitely worth walking through to learn about the other neighboring structures that make Philly such a historic city.
This place is historically significant, and the staff is very informative. This is where the 1st Continental Congress met as far back as 1724!
For historic places, five stars are reserved for Independence Hall. But if want a genuinely historic place that is quick, free of charge and has no lines, Carpenter's Hall is it. 

Fitting in Independence Hall and/or the Liberty Bell can be murder. Here you can pop in with no prior planning/reservations and be where the Continental Congress met for a time in 1774.

It also has a few history related things to look at and read. I haven't been in a while but it is a great way to get some history in quick in the midst of some extremely popular (and not so convenient to access) attractions.
Another wonderful piece of American history. This building was built and owned by the first trade union in our country, the carpenters company. It's main purpose was to showcase skilled craftsmen work. It's most important and historical significance was for housing the first continental congress in 1774. The delegates met here!
It's free to enter this building, and there's no security line! This is where they held the first continental congress (I totally forgot that was a thing lol), and there is good educational signage throughout the building. If you're making the rounds and visiting all of the historical sites, don't forget this one!!
With all of the many museums and sites to see this is a nice place to stop in and learn about the historic events which took place here. The First Continental Congress net here to discuss the important events of the time which led us closer to Independence. The site is free to enter although you are encouraged to make a donation. The staff there is helpful to explain some of the details and they have a nice souvenir shop to pick up items for yourself or loved ones.
