So I was skeptical about Cathay Xpress because of the little information I  could find online about the company and the few reviews on yelp (which is partially why I'm writing this review). But after seeing the terrible reviews for the other shuttle bus services from Philly to JFK, I decided to take a chance on Cathay Xpress, and I'm so glad I did. It was the least stressful and most smooth shuttle bus experience I've probably ever had. I called in about a week before to reserve a spot on the shuttle and they took down my information and the flight information to make sure they'd get me there on time. Two days before they texted me to let me know what time they'd pick me up (at home) and how many bags I had. When the day of travel came (today!) the picked me up right at the time they said they would, and after picking up 3 more people, they got me to JFK within 3 hours without problem. The only thing is, if you have a later flight, you might want to leave your day open as they got me to the airport about 6 hours early for my evening flight, but that's because they coordinate the shuttle based on the earliest flight of the passengers for that afternoon and I think try to avoid rush hour traffic. Better early than late though. But I definetely recommend this service. It's a small company run out of chinatown and it's the cheapest shuttle bus service to JFK and EWR from Philly, and (judging by the other companies reviews) is definetely way less stressful.
We have reported the customer service representative to the Philadelphia police for harassment.

The office told us to go in person to request a refund for a trip, anytime today between 12-5pm eastern. The customer service representative did not arrive until 12:45pm and had a terrible attitude despite being late.

When we posted a negative Yelp review, the customer representative called us using her personal phone number and harassed us repeatedly to take down the review. We have reported this representative and her phone number to the Philadelphia police.
Never Again! I booked a round trip shuttle service with them, from Newtown Square to JFK. I understand this is a shuttle service and not a private car service. Going to JFK was relatively better although for a 12:30 depature flight I had to be picked up at 5:15 just a hair too early, but coming back was a disaster. I was provide a phone number to call when I landed which I did. The person I talked to could not locate my reservation for the longest time. Then he said I will call you back. When I called back he said I am on the other line and busy, I will call you back. He was really rude, after a 12 hour flight that is not what I had signed up for. I landed at 5:30 called them at 5:30 by the time I was home it was past 10:30PM. Simply not acceptable.
I've used them to Dubai 9/2018 and the service was Excellent roundtrip. However this time 8/28/2019 it was a great experience going to Jfk for our flight to Jerusalem. Coming back was horrific , we landed ay 2:25 pm got home at 9pm. The driver was driving reckless, slamming on his breaks almost getting to a accident and it was after 3 hours that we had to ask to stop to use the restroom for my 67 year old Gmom. We did not feel safe at all. The lady called from Cathay office to see if the driver had picked us up and I said yes, then she told us to tip her driver. When the service is great that is when your suppose to tip a person. You should never have to ask clients to tip your driver that had no regards to human life driving erratically. At one point we thought about calling uber once he finally stopped to let us go to the bathroom. He got 4 dollar tip from my Gmom , but he didn't deserve that. Any great business should never ask for Tips. Great service is essential for Great Business and he made Cathay Express look bad . I will never give a tip for bad service when I already paid $291.00 dollars for 2 people. A tip is for personality and great service, my Gmom wet her pants because of him. I bet we will not get a apology. The owner needs to know how their driver treated us. We were the only black  2 females with everyone else being of the company's ethnic background & all Male. also they have should have step stools for elderly people to step onto their van. The driver was not helpful with that when we left for Jerusalem but after a long exhausted trip home from JfK around 9pm the driver decided to help my G mom off the Van. That's why he got a 4 dollar Tip and it's probably why he was helpful in the end so he can get a tip. Great service starts with the entire overall service to clients. They are 5 star service but because my Mom peed on herself and his driving behavior they will get a 1 to 2 star. I do not expect no harassment because we were the one's not in good company on our journey back from JFk. Now I may have to find another service because the driver made this a horrific experience. The driver last year was wonderful and let us stop to eat and use the rest room both ways and his driving was Phenomenal.
These guys were rock solid - on time, clean vehicle and convenient scheduling. I'd used other shuttle services between Philly and JFK (the Korean Air and Asiana Shuttles were pretty good, except they only run once a day). Highly recommend for evening flights!
Don't bother using this unless you want to wait an extra hour for other passengers who may or may not show up. Terrible operation! Don't even confirm with their customers before pickup. They wasted 5 people's time waiting 1 HR for someone who never even boarded the plane. 

Getting off a 15 hr flight  and waiting that extra hour is unacceptable.

Going to JFK or EWR was ok. But still does multiple stops to pick up along the way.
If there's a zero on the review I would give a Zero. It's a scam. I was never told about the cancellation or refund policy. I booked my flight in urgent less than two days then cancel it because of emergency. I was told that I could never get any refund. There are many ways to pay but I was told using PayPal in which that they could get the money instead of refunding. Will never use any service. Not recommended.
