I first heard about Cedar Park last year when City Paper dubbed it better than Clark Park in the Choice Awards. To this day I don't know what City Paper was smoking since Clark Park has the overall offerings stacked to the gills. But Cedar Park is a relaxing park that offers up plenty of interesting occasions of it's own.

You can't go wrong with anything that's a neighbor of Satellite Cafe, Vix Emporium, and Danger! Danger!, especially with it hooks up a dose of nature in between. But it's especially awesome when Food Not Bombs hooks up it's potluck socials over the summer. It's also a great haven for people watching especially when people need to wait for a Dock Street table. And it's having it's yearly fair on Saturday that's going to hook up food, music, and a moonbounce!
Lovely patch of greenery in the midst of college kids,  stoners, kids playing dodgeball and the  occasional drunk guy walking down the street with a can of warm Old English. Streets lined with fruit trees and small gardens.. Little Baby's across the way. Cedar Park cafe busy and bustling with people. I remember this area 10-15 years ago.. Totally different from what I remember. But hey, I like it. Cool spot for people watching.
Im here for the carrot cake man. I just discovered him *smacks head* and it is the BEST carrot cake eva. I dont even like carrot cake but I would happily choke to death on this.

Cedar park is a great place to sit and eat carrot cake.. mmmm
Ths park helped me make the decision to move into the area. I have completely fallen in love with thia park. Not just as a place for my kids to play but when i went i felt a real sense of community. Parents knew and interacted with each other, they had seniors playing chess and other games. No one was cursing or smoking and if someone did the adults kindly asked them to ove and they did. Real diversity. They have little concerts in the summertime. Love this place.
Not much to say - great little park in West Philly.  I definitely think it needs to stay, grow, and be an awesome place for collective coming together.
