I would recommend avoiding this company at all costs.  I called them this morning to get a cab on the way to work, and they were so disorganized that I ended up having to cancel the service and ride my scooter to work in the rain.  They sent three different cabs at different times (much earlier than when I needed), and the cab drivers were rude to me on the phone when I tried to resolve the problem.  Later, when I was at work, I called to speak to a supervisor.  The supervisor/owner, Maria, was extremely rude to me on the phone.  She insulted me several times and told me that I obviously had nothing better to do than to call her before hanging up on me.  She made it very clear that if there's a problem with her drivers, she doesn't care at all because she can get business elsewhere.  I'm writing this to hopefully save other people from the frustration I experienced.
This is a terrible cab company and I recommend staying as far away as possible. They rebranded as 215-GET-A-CAB and every driver for this fleet has been rude and annoyed when I ask them to take me somewhere. Your job is to drive people where they want to go. If you can't or don't want to do that, don't be a cab driver.

In general the drivers are rude, run me over when I have the right of way as a pedestrian, and act as if they are doing you a favor.  Do not use 215-GET-A-CAB.

Tonight I picked up a cab from the airport and since he was the next in line I tried to get into his cab. The cabbie wouldn't stop to let me in his cab even though he was next in line and when he finally stopped he looked annoyed that I was his passenger.  He took his sweet time getting back into the cab and was annoyed when I said I was going to Center City.

When we arrived at my place, after the cabbie had angrily spoken to someone over the phone, he made a comment about how he wasn't a pizza driver because I didn't tip him well.  A tip is a reward for a job well done and not a given.

I've taken another cab ride with this company where the driver complained the whole ride because I asked him to bring us as close to the Philadelphia marathon finish line as possible.

I wish I could give 0 stars to this company.
This is for 215GetACab. I posted this exact review on another listing for them, but I wanted to share on this one as well.

I've lived in Philly almost ten years. I've taken a lot of cabs and smelled a lot of gross chemicals in those cabs, usually of the nasty cologne variety. Last night I hailed a cab and got into one from 215GetACab. I was immediately overwhelmed by perfume-y chemical stink., and I did what I normally do and put my scarf over my nose and dealt with it.

The stink turned out to be a cleaner applied to the seats. It got on my jeans, my coat, a plastic shopping bag, and then when I came home and sat down on my sofa before realizing I had taken the smell home with me, the smell got on my sofa as well.

Today I've got a heap of tips on how to get Lysol smell out of things and a layer of baking soda on my sofa.

I will be avoiding all 215GetACab cars from now on. Heck, this might be the final thing to push me to using Uber exclusively from now on.
Super rude on the dispatch to the drivers and this is no way to treat people especially that you work with.  And when I called proceeded to be rude to me.
