The Cherry Street Pier was a pretty cool place that my family and I visit while we were in Philadelphia. This is nice. They had live music plans time we visited it also had an art gallery a nice restrooms and I had a beer garden at the end good place that we had a good time
OK, this place is dope. Love that the Delaware River Waterfront Corporation (a non-profit. Look em up!) took this huge completely rundown space and made it into something for the community. Entry is free and the space is still still fairly raw right now, though there are a few artsy businesses housed in old shipping containers, three food trucks, a bar (check their hours) and plenty of small art installations. I understand that sounds like a lot, but this space is HUGE. Since it's an indoor/outdoor venue, bundle up in the coming months. I can see this place being really popular when the weather turns though. The patio area out back has a wonderful view of the Ben Frank bridge and the river. It's going to be a great spot to enjoy the afternoon next year. All in all, worth the walk to stop in and to see what's doing. Can't wait to have  a few drinks in that outdoor area when it gets warmer! A welcome edition to the waterfront in Philly.
Cherry Street Pier is a great place to unwind and relax by the water!! It's the perfect summer treat for all ages! It's pure happiness in a pier lol!

I visited Cherry Street Pier for their Food Trust Market festival and when I arrived at the Pier, I noticed a very large warehouse type of building that had lots of vendors such as a vendor for produce, ice cream, smoothies and much more.

Cherry Street Pier also has an educational area that gives background information on the South Philly area. It has two levels and on the 2nd level of the building are paintings by local philly artist.

Overall Cherry Street Pier is open all year round with events happening on a regular basis. Check out their website to get the latest on their next event!
I visited Cherry Street Pier during the first week of opening.  I wanted to experience all the hype and excitement that Cherry Street Pier had to offer.  The art installations were cool throughout the location and I like the small galleries showing the work of local artists.  The space is wide open and has much space for expansion of other projects as time goes on.

There were food trucks offering food and there is sitting throughout the space to people watch as you eat some small bites.  I am hopeful that the space will continue to offer artists the opportunity to showcase new and interesting installations and exhibits.  

I am interested to see how the space will evolve over time and how it will be utilized during the colder weather.
The Cherry Street Pier is not a place I usually review on Yelp but since others have weighed in, I thought I would add my humble opinion to the mix.  On the positive side I think it is good to open any access to the river for the public to enjoy.  And there are some fine views of the Delaware River & Ben Franklin Bridge from the end of the pier where there is a nice chill-out area.  There was a fairly interesting exhibition on immigration being shown - I agreed with the point of view presented although the content was of mixed quality.  Food & drink offerings are okay - a bit overpriced and only open weekends - at least at this time of the year.  But I don't think The Cherry Street Pier is a destination.  If I happen to be walking or biking by, I might stop in or use the rest room but it's no place I would go out of my way to hang out at or tell a visitor to check out.
Cherry Street Pier is such a unique, beautiful, and much welcomed addition to our wonderful city. Whether you're looking for beautiful views, unique art installations, local vendors, or just a place to enjoy some fresh air, Cherry Street Pier offers a true reflection of the best of what makes Philly such an amazing place to live. Three cheers for the curators for repurposing a large abandoned industrial waste of space into gathering place for the entire community. 

This is a true city park, open from morning until night, no entry fees, no cost to indulge in the beautiful sights of the Ben Franklin bridge, Delaware river, and the nearby laneways of Old City. This is not the easiest place to access by car, as street/metered parking nearby is limited. However, you can easily utilize the Indego Bike Dock, MFL, bus lines, or various rideshare options to access this space. I typically either walk from an Old City street spot or bring a Lyft. 

While there's not cost to enjoy this space, bring some loose change and indulge in a cone of Little Baby's ice cream or a cold draft beer. Keep tabs on the Cherry Street Facebook page for updates regarding cool events like art installations, craft fairs, food markets, and music performances.

This is such a nice, happy, feel-good spot, and I'm already looking forward to my next visit.
Cherry Street Pier is one of those new park experiences that I was yearning for the moment that I heard about it. And when I first heard that my beloved Indonesian spot Hardena was slated to be one of their food options, I immediately marked opening day on my calendar. And this is how I came to arrive early and type my review while I wait for them to officially open up for a Press Event thing in a few minutes!

Arriving early means you get to preview a bit with minimal hassle. And with its pristine waterfront view, 3 trolley car food stations, bar space, see saws that can be illuminated, ample seating spaces, artist spaces, and... typewriters?, Cherry Street Pier has a lot of interesting things that you can enjoy.

Because I arrived early on the first day the bar wasn't ready, and some of the food stations were just setting up. But Hardena hooked up the tastiest and juiciest lamb satay that I ever savored. And it should pair well with some Little Baby's Ice Cream once they're ready.

The sound of the drums officially means that they're open and it's time to grab a Troegs Master of Pumpkins. But be sure to check here out during the Festival of People!
This space is AWESOME. I attended an event here as part of a conference, but it's clear this space serves many purposes, including: public park, artist studios, farmers' market and general gathering space.

Cherry Street Pier was a fruit and vegetable shipping pier along the Delaware River and the place where the very first banana entered the United States - fun fact. It has since been reimagined into a gorgeous multiuse space. 

Thank you to Carla Fisher, a fiber artist, for telling our group more about the history and use of the Pier. Stop in to her artist studio (all located within shipping containers) to see her incredible work and visit her dog, Luke. 

And definitely walk out to the pier to see the Ben Franklin Bridge, Delaware River and Camden, NJ across the water. We were lucky enough to witness a stunning sunset! The beautiful string lights were a lovely touch, too.

I would love to visit this space when it's activated with many people!
The Garden at Cherry Street Pier is an open-air eatery located at the rear of Cherry Street Pier. It features trees, flowers, greenery, colorful seating and an amazing view of the Benjamin Franklin Bridge. Most importantly, it offers a safe place for you to grab drinks and a bite to eat with friends. I loved the ambiance created at the pier and it is definitely my new go-to place during COVID.
Really appreciate the beer/food garden here. The tables are properly spaced, and the reservation system they have prevents the place from getting overcrowded. FYI, they will ask each time you get a drink whether you have food on the table (not just whether you got food -- but whether it's on the table). So that's something to keep in mind. We had the pretzel, and it was quite tasty. Good selection of beer, too. What brings this down a star, though, is that they don't clean the tables after people leave. The system they have set up now doesn't really allow for that. The staff is definitely doing the best they can, but cleaning the tables would really help go a long way, too.
Love this place. There's art, maker space, education, and a great outdoor eatery. I've visited the different marketplaces (fermentation, art, vintage). I've toured the art exhibits. I've seen the galleries and art studios. I like that it is here and supporting artists. There's art education for children, which is cool. 

As for the garden, it's great especially in pandemic times. It's a fun place to get food and drink in a pretty setting and outdoors where social distancing is easier. Taco Tuesday is a great deal, too!
Beautiful river view. There are Hardena at the back and Little Baby's ice cream.

The indoor is plain and not much going on. I wish there are more vendors
Great indoor outdoor place to hangout with friends. Beers, Food, Ice-creams and to top it there is see-saw for adults. I don't remember the last time I sat on it and it was so much fun. It was fun evening hanging out with friends and enjoy the art.
This place is basically what it advertises. However if you use a wheelchair, be warned that the food vendors require you to be able to walk up two large steps in order to get service. When I tried to talk to a manager, she was "too busy to talk to me." I don't see myself spending much time here. They could have been inclusive and choose not to. There's no excuse in a brand new space.
The Philly  flea market was held here today as well as at the race Street Pier. First time making it to this location and although it was smaller than I thought it was going to be I was able to find a few good fines as well as a few purchases at the farmers market.   In addition had a very tasty lunch from one of the few food stands
The Good: It's new, it's different and it's fun. I enjoyed seeing adults having a good time on the illuminated seesaw. There were several of them up and down the pier. There were also places to buy food, drinks and places to sit overlooking the river with a great view of the bridge. Plenty more to see, too much to write.

The Bad: It lacks shopping, something would have been nice. Also, I didn't see much outside of the seesaws for the children. 

Overall, this place has potential and I would recommend checking it out if you're in the area. I will go back. I give it 4 solid stars. Enjoy!
Did you know that by entering here you agree to be photographed and or/videoed constantly and expressly give up all rights to how those images can be used? Of course, the depressingly dank and muddy interior mixed with the overwhelming pretense of an artificially created "artistic" space had me frowning for much of the time so it's unlikely that any of my images would be useful to them. Not impressed with Big Brother's lack of subtlety here...
Great space to relax - located in Philadelphia's Delaware River Waterfront.

We enjoyed the art displaced street art style.  The were giant sets of Connect Four games and Badminton sets to distract the mind.

The shaded areas provides welcome relief to the hot bright sun today.

We were visiting Philadelphia on a Friday - there wrre 3 open food trucks in the space.

Based on the signage, its looks like there's a food market scheduled to be held at the space on Saturdays 10 to 2 pm.
We were lucky to visit this place on a beautiful spring day! The tiny room for elephants art exhibition was featured this particular Sunday, there was a DJ playing music and several activities (painting for kids) going on. We decided to sit close to the river and got a couple of beers, there are a few food carts. We decided to get the Indonesian food and although it took longer than expected the food was delicious! We got the beef sliders and the lamb satay. Delicious! Apparently it's a part of a restaurant called Hardena, I can't wait to head there!
Cherry Street Pier is a great addition to the waterfront.  It has a gorgeous garden area at the end of the pier near the water.  There 2 food vendors, ice cream and a bar.  Space for local artist both upstairs and down.  There real cool giant seesaws that play music.
The four of us came here a few weeks ago and were blown away by the beauty of this space. The art is fun, the beer garden is gorgeous and the views are the best in the city.

We ordered a couple of beers, the service is fast and the beer is cold! we didn't get to try any of the snacks but the trolly car food truck looks and smelt great!

I will be taking everyone who comes to visit me here. This is a must do!
This place opened up yesterday for the first time to the public.  

I would describe the concept of this pier as a place for food, drinks, and artists.  The premise the design is to provide spots for artists to work and a place where visitors can come and see this work.  There are sculptors, painters, photographers, musicians, and graphic designers that occupy the office spaces here.  The rest of the pier is an open spot for the public to lounge, wander, eat, drink, and observe whatever performance may be going on.  

It is a beautiful spacious spot that is close to Spring Garden St.  There are lounge chairs and seating areas all throughout and food and alcoholic drink stations are also placed.  Dogs are welcome but they must be on a leash and no outside alcohol is permitted.  

One thing to note is there are public restrooms here.  This is convenient as the pier is open 24/7 365 days a year.  I don't know if this extends to the bathrooms, however.  Another thing to note, there are no urinals in the men's bathrooms so expect a line when its busy (there are only 4 stalls).

Overall, this is a fantastic addition to the Columbus Blvd area.  It enhances the livability and overall appeal of this "highway" much the same way as Spruce Street Harbor Park does.
This is a very cool hangout spot especially on a beautiful fall day. What a smart transformation to add to the Philadelphia waterfront. I was there for the liberty flea and they had a nice amount of vendors with a variety of items at great prices. There's also permanent stores of local artisans.

There is a café in the rear that offers a variety of food options and lots of beer and wine options. You can sit on the "inside" or out by the waterfront.
I got lucky and got free parking right out front. I also appreciated that they had real bathrooms with real running warm water!

Definitely a nice spot to hang out!
Expected a lot more food options and shops. We also expected maybe heat lamps as it is November so that we could actually enjoy our time there. We were very excited for this opening and just whelmed by it when we arrived. Did not hate it but in no rush to go back
I went here a couple weekends ago with my sister-in-law, brother and a few of their friends. We made a reservation, which is a requirement during Covid. The outdoor seating was lovely being right on the Delaware. The food and drinks were great. I enjoyed the Cherry Street Lemonade and the Eggplant Parmigiana (pictured below)
Cherry Street Pier was on my list of places to visit in the warmer weather, but that didn't happen SO my roommate and I decided to go this past weekend. I had heard about the Immigrant Alphabet artwork so wanted to check it out. 

The art work was well done, suspended from the ceiling so it's easy to see. There are also artists in residence who have their work in some of the box cars inside the pier. 

There was a DJ playing, drinks & food available for purchase, and tables setup for kids to do different crafts. It was CHILLY out, but still a good number of people were there. Definitely will be on my places to revisit in the spring/summer months.
Wonderful place for some beers and food. Can't beat the view.  Last week at 4:00 PM I took my wife and two daughters (one of whom lives in San Francisco) and we were all impressed by the people, view, and vibe.  Although we were there in mid-afternoon, it would seem perfect for some live music and late night dancing (hint).  If this were in NYC, it'd be world famous.
