My experience with this dog park wasn't great. I have a Great Dane and the other owners got really pretentious and judgmental whenever we would visit. Your fees are 150 per year and you have mandatory volunteer hours that you must complete. The other dog owners who have been all seem to be best friends sit it a circle and talk amongst themselves rarely acknowledging new members or new dogs. The 150 fee goes towards the key deposit and trash removal. Which shows when you look at the grounds. The " pool " that they advertise is a plastic pond that sits above ground with a hose running in it.  And the park itself is dirt, mud and jagged rocks. Not what I expected for a paid park. Dog We were members for a full year and ended up only going about 6 times. We just take him down to the water front dog park by penn and its great.  After we decided to end our membership we sent in our key as required and waited to get our deposit back. We waited 3 months and got nothing so we emailed the contact info on the website. Waited another 6 months and emailed again. Nothing. Finally I emailed the entire board, asking for my refund and I got a response. Vince the owner of the gold standard cafe and treasury volunteer emailed me back and advised that he had tried to contact me 3 times in the prior year (no email, phone calls or mailings were received) and that they assumed we had surrendered the deposit. He then went on to say that i could pick up my deposit at the cafe. I emailed him back with minutes saying I would pick up the check ASAP. The next day after work I stopped by. I asked for my check as I was instructed to do and low and behold no check had been written. I was frustrated to say the least. The manager called Vince and asked where the check was. He hadnt written it.  I was very upset because I was told to pick up the check by Vince the day before. Then the manager says to the Vince should I take the money out of the drawer?! WTF?! Talk about shady business! As a business owner I would never take cash flow from my business to cover a debt I for an organization i volunteer for. But whatever I took the cash deposited it and returned home. Happy to be through with this dog park. Then I get a nasty email from Vince telling me that  he's not at my beck and call and that he didn't appreciate my attitude. Seriously dude? You told me to come get my deposit at your place of business. You didn't write the check out like you said you would. YOU are in charge of returning deposits in a timely manner. 

I've already advised several people with the past year to avoid this dog park and now I'll  go the next step and write a review on every forum I can. These people take themselves way too seriously and I didn't realize until today why the cedar park area has been trying to get rid of them for ages!
This is a beautiful fenced in dog park. It's a wide field with plenty of  trees, open space, and donated toys that would make any dog happy. It also has plenty of chairs for the owners to relax in, and a huge light to keep the park well illuminated when it's dark.
The park is members only, and you have to pay a membership fee to become a member, but if anything I find it a lot better. it ensures that only dog owners who seriously care about providing their dog(s) with a good outside area are inside it. And this way someone meets all of the owners and their dogs before they are accepted as members. So it weeds out any overactive animal that might not behave well around the others, and any unpleasant owners. The park also has some pretty strict rules, but they make a lot of sense.
As the only off leash dog park in West Philly, it obviously wins the first and only place.  However, it would be a great dog park wherever it was located.  As stated in the previous review, it is members only.  The membership fees go to maintenance of the park and it shows.  There is fresh water with a pump, a dog "pool", garbage containers and good fences.  There is an interview/meet and greet prior to joining mainly to ensure dog-friendly dogs and to orient the owners. Every one at the park is fairly relaxed and there are nice chairs and landscaping to enjoy while you watch your dogs play.  My dog and I love it.
What good is a members only dog park for people traveling with their dogs! I haven't been there, as I am not a member. It might be the best park ever, for those able to join. However, as a dog owner, who frequents parks all over, it stinks. I've driven up to a few "country clubs". One was nice enough to let me use the empty side, and another actually invited me in for their Sunday donut time. On a whole, however, they have been less than enthused to see me and the dogs the "county clubs" would not be possible for me, because of a tight budget. I have one dog that has a chronic Immune disease. So if you can join, it might be the best ever, but on the whole I don't like the idea
I am beyond grateful to be living so close to the Chester Avenue Dog Park. Yes, it requires membership including proof of current rabies vaccination, dog license through the City of Philadelphia, and an annual fee. The process to apply is worth it though, to have a really nice outdoor space that is fenced in and has lots of ways for dogs to enjoy the space. 

There are agility activities, lots of tennis balls and toys, and a couple swimming pools with access to a hose for filling. Plus there are plenty of chairs for owners to watch their doggies run around while chatting with other members.

Thank you CADA for providing this lovely park!
