Amazing food tour with the knowledgable Bethany! We signed up to take my dad on the Authentic Philly food tour in Manayunk - it did not disappoint!  Weather is unpredictable, and despite the 93 degree day, Bethany was fun, full of information, and ready to answer any questions we threw at her! We had a bunch of stops, and it was difficult to pick what was most delicious!  I would definitely recommend Chew Philly Food tours to anyone!

Below is information on our stops:
// We started at Marchiano's Bakery which has been making tomato pies for eons - evidently Ol' Blue eyes was a huge fan.  We got to try a slice of the classic tomato pie, as well as pepperoni bread. For the record, both were absolutely delicious, but the pepperoni bread was beyond amazing.
// Within minutes (to stay in the shade before walking further), we were fed Tasty Twisters Pretzels, and a really interesting history on how Philadelphia pretzels are made.  This was the BEST pretzel I've ever had - not wet or soggy, everything was fluffy and light, and absolutely delicious.
// Next we walked over to River City Outpost, a cool local grocery store specializing in local, sustainable, economically responsible, and humane business practices.  We were sustained with fresh cold water (a VERY welcome sight), and local tomatoes on a sesame whole grain *delicious* bread.  All of it was yummy, as the proprietor spoke to us about his mission for the store.
// Up next is what, arguably, the whole reason some of us signed up for this particular tour over others.  South Philly-style cheesesteaks!  Sorrentino's Grocery has been serving traditional cheesesteaks up for generations, in fact it's currently owned by the 2nd generation of the original family.  South Philly cheesesteaks are made without oil on the grill, with cut up meat, and American or provolone cheese (no whiz here!).  They were perfectly delicious, and I could have eaten an entire cheesesteak if it had been offered! 
// It was high time for a bit of energizing, which was great because the next stop was at Volo Coffeehouse.  Volo is privately owned and operated by a local Manayunk-ite, and brews La Columbe coffee (deliciously).  Their logo even pays homage to the La Columbe rooster.  We were served cappuccinos, and although it was so hot out, they were really delicious.
// Accompanying the coffee was a divine cookies & cream macaron from Nutmeg Bakery.  They were amazing, delicious, and macaron perfection - the taste was sublime, texture was amazing, and beautifully made.  Nutmeg Bakery doesn't have a storefront, but I definitely followed her on Instagram!
// Last stop of the day was the Tubby Robot Ice Cream Factory.  We were treated to Dark chocolate ice cream - this is quite possibly the best chocolate ice cream I've had! Rich dark chocolate ice cream with bits of dark chocolate throughout, plus it was served topped with whipped cream - YUMMY!  I can't wait to go back and check out more flavors - they do a 'tasting flight' if you can't decide on flavors, what a great option!
Excellent tour. Learned a lot and got to visit some cool stores. Will make it back to the cheese store, olive oil store and brewery definitely!  Nice walking pace and our tour guide Pavlos was great.
Why I love  Chew Philly Food Tours?
Well, Philly is a big and booming city, so If you are visiting the city of brotherly love, i HIGHLY recommend booking one of Chew's tours. Even if you are living in the city, and never ventured out of Center City, now is the time to discover new areas. I bought two discounted tickets for two different tours ($29 each), one from Groupon and the other from Goldstar, and I'm so satisfied.

Nothing justifies these tours quite like a booking one. Better yet, is being with great tour guide such as April Lisante. With her great amount of information and lovely spirit. April amazed us on both tours, which were both unexpectedly fun.

What the guided tours include:
Authentic Philly Food Tour in Manayunk: The most popular tour!
- Marchiano's Bakery: Delicious Sicilian tomato pie.
- Tasty Twisters Bakery: Fresh out of the oven soft pretzel. 
- Sorrentino's Grocery: Classic Philly Cheesesteak sample.
- Lucky's Last Chance: Be adventurous and try a sample of Peanut Butter and Jelly burger.
- Volo Coffeehouse: La Colombe cappuccino. ( if you are not a coffee drinker, you may get hot chocolate instead.)
- Sweet Elizabeth's Cakes: You'll get a red velvet cake topped with a candied beet.
PRO TIPS:
. You'll walk quite a bit, and Manayunk is hilly, so, wear comfortable shoes. 
. Come hungry.

Chestnut Hill Culinary Experience: For Adventurous Foodies!
- McNally's Tavern: Schmitter sandwich. MUST-TRY!
- Pennsylvania General Store: Some sort of a traditional bread.
- The Chestnut Hill Cheese Shop: Tasting three different cheeses and wines. 
- A Taste Of Olive: A brief tasting session.
- Bredenbeck's Bakery: Incredible ice cream.
- Iron Hill Brewery: Two beer tasting.
- One last sweet spot: Kathleen and I had to leave the tour before the last spot, so we didn't get the chance to try it.
PRO TIPS:
. Recommended for ages 21+ (Alcohol tasting.)
. Offered March Through November.
. Come hungry.

I'll be booking their seasonal haunted food tour very soon.
Five Yelps.
As locals we weren't quite sure what to expect going going into this, when we were given it as a gift. However, we had a fantastic time on the Manyunk tour. It was fun to learn about the history and culture of a different part of Philly, our guide was great, and the food itself was varied and delicious. 

The street parking near the start was plentiful, so don't be too concerned there. 

The grub:
Marchiano's Bakery - tomato pie and pepperoni stuffed bread
Tasty twisters - mini soft pretzel
Han Dynasty - Dan Dan noodles
Sorrentino's Deli - 1/4 of a Philly cheesesteak
Volvo Coffee House - cappuccino
Nutmeg Bakery - cookies and cream French maccaroon
Tubby Robot Ice Cream Factory - dark chocolate ice cream with fresh whipped cream

Highly recommend checking this tour, whether you're local or just visiting Philly! Search for deals, they're pretty easy to find.
I had booked July 30's Chestnut Hill food tour via GoldStar at my friend Sari A.'s prompt well over a month ago. They were almost already sold out! Apparently you need to book far in advance for summer Saturdays.

My discounted $30 ticket included seven tastings. I had no idea what to expect ahead of time at all. My month was unexpectedly swamped by an apartment move that took place the day before the tour so I didn't prepare. It's safe to say the tour was a nice break from my current crazy life.

I was happy to find a two-hour metered parking spot in front of the first stop, but I didn't realize the tour would last closer to three hours. After the first stop, I put more change in the meter, but I still had to run back after the sixth tasting so definitely keep parking times in mind if you drive to Chestnut Hill.

As part of the tour, I had a nice-sized sample of the famous roast beef sandwich and also tasted cheese, wine, olive oil, balsamic, beer, fancy bread, and a really good ice cream sundae, which was perfect for the hot and muggy day. Despite missing the last bakery, I felt full and happy! We also took a nice stroll through the local park.

April was our tour guide and she was knowledgeable and professional. She kept the group moving and did a great job keeping track of us.

I'd recommend this tour group if you want to check out a different part of town or if you're just visiting Philly. Check for deals online!
The Chestnut Hill Chew Philly tour is a great way to see the beautiful, historical, and boutique town of Chestnut Hill.  McNallys showcases its awesome Schmitter and the owners of the Cheese Shop are just so fun!  Elyse is a great tour guide who is very friendly and accommodates special diet needs (for example, you can get a cider from Chestnut Hill Brewing Company if you're gluten free!). I highly recommend this tour if you're looking to explore a new neighborhood, experience Chestnut Hill in a different light, or just looking for something fun to do.  Can't forget to mention Bredenbecks, delicious!
Our Chestnut Hill food tour was a fun adventure.  Our guide, Pav, was fun, friendly and knowledgeable. The tour was light on food, but it was the least expensive food tour I've ever been on. The Schmitter at McNally's was the main item food item. It was delicious.  I would certainly try that again. The olive oil and balsamic tasting was informative and fun. I loved tasting the varieties of both olive oil and balsamic.  The owner was knowledgeable and enthusiastic which made it fun. The cheese and wine pairing was delicious.  Again the owner was there and his passion  for cheese and his long time owned family business was clearly apparent.  I loved the stories he told. The young owner of the brewery was great. Loved seeing his mini brewing set up and his pride in what he has accomplished.  The chocolate truffle with the stout...yummy. Finishing with the ice cream sundae was lovely on the hot day and the pound cake and other treats in it made it very different. 

Our tour guide spent some extra time with us at the end, sharing some special tips on where to go for food and beverage when we return to center city.

When I go on food tours I go for the food, but also for the history and fun facts the guides impart. This tour accomplished both.
I took this tour when my family visited from FL and what a deal!! Pizza, cheesesteaks, and cupcakes oh my! 

I have lived in Philly for a few years now but never really experienced Manayunk and boy was I missing out. The ~ 2hr tour took us to a bunch of local spots to sample their specialties and by the end of the tour I was stuffed. Also our tour guide Amy who is originally from Manayunk was fantastic! She was so enthusiastic to share her passion and knowledge of her hometown. 

The food was so good that we went back the next day for dinner. I highly recommend this tour for both locals and visitors. I will be taking this tour again and cannot wait for them to venture to other Philly locales.

PS. Pat and Genos does not even compare to Sorrentino's cheese steaks!
Very good tour.  Good choice of food.  Serving sizes were just enough to appreciate the taste and quality without making us too full to feel uncomfortable.  The walk was leisurely and spaced out with stops every 15 to 20 minutes. The tour guide - Jim - was very pleasant and knowledgeable. 
I recommend this to visitors as well as to locals.
This was great. We did the tour on Chestnut Hill. Stops included McNally's, the Chestnut Hill Cheese Shop, an olive oil shop, Iron Hill Brewery, an ice cream shop and a bakery. 

The tour was very accommodating for food allergies and other dietary concerns. Elyse the tour guide was also fabulous. Really enjoyed.
We did the "Authentic Philly Food Tour" this past Friday and I think I'm still full from it.  The food was great, the knowledge gained was great and the tour guide was great, not much more can be said really.  If you like to explore cities through food like we do then this is a must!
A fun and filling walk with our tourguide Bennie on a nice fall day.  Bennie mixed her vibrant personality with humor and her infectious love for small buisinesses and food to make for a memorable experience.  The incredible food and nice portion size made us thankful for the walk in between stops.  Bennies running historical commentary was fascinating and opened our eyes to the importance of a part of Philadelphia we rarely travel.  I can definately say that Chew Philly will be at the top of our to-do lists when they start back up again next year.
Excellent knowledgeable tour guide, Bethany, shared great historical components of each business. Plentiful food, in a meal-style progression, ending with yummy ice cream! Highly recommend.
Chew Philly Food Tours was a great experience. We participated in the Manayunk tour. It took us to some places we would have never been to or even noticed. Our guide was very friendly and knowledgeable about the history of the area and the restaurants we visited. I thoroughly enjoyed the entire experience and I highly recommend them if you're looking to find new places to explore, or just enjoy food, you won't be disappointed!
My first walking food tour ever was a complete delight! Bethany our tour guide showed up about 20 minutes early and was very knowledgeable, conversational, and personable throughout the two hour tour. Many locals knew Bethany and enthusiastically called out to her and the group. Although I enjoyed EVERY SINGLE TASTING, my favorite was Volo's where we had the richest, most delicious cappuccino I've ever had along with an awesome French macaron (cookies n cream flavored). Marchiano's also made me a believer in the awesomeness of the tomato pie. Wow! Do yourself a favor and BOOK THIS TOUR. You won't regret it!
We did the Chew Food Tour in Manayunk this past weekend and loved the entire experience. The food was delicious ( Tubby Robot Ice Cream was my personal favorite) but the tour itself was the best part. As a Philadelphia local, I realized how little I actually knew about Manayunk and the history of some of my favorite food.  Bethany, our guide, was knowledgeable, friendly and funny. She was a total pro and made the tour a real experience.  Thank you again Chew Food Tours. Can't wait to go on the Chestnut Hill one.
We went on the Haunted Food Tour, and the selections were all fitting. Some usual options of Tomato Pie and Cheesesteak, but also had some seasonal additions of Apple Cider, Pumpkin Spice Truffle, Pumpkin Cappuccino, and some others. My group was from the Philadelphia area and we learned some new interesting facts, and some of the creepy stories really set the mood.
My hubby and I booked the tour as part of our Philadelphia Pass.  Our guide, Amy, was a native of the area and made our tour both fun and informative.  I am a vegetarian but my hubby is not.  I was accommodated completely.  Expect lots of carbs and fat but that's what makes all the food so yummy!!  Our fav was the tomato pie.  The cupcake was the best red velvet I have ever had.  We were able to park in free municipal parking lot just down the road from the first stop.
Had a great tour today in Manayunk. My favorite was Marchiano's tomato pie and my husband's was the macaroon from Nutmeg Bakery. Very knowledgeable guide, manageable amount of walking, and time to rest.
What a great way to spend a afternoon doing something different!  I had bought a Living Social coupon for half priced tickets.  I booked the trip back in the summer for September so it would be a little cooler outside (it was still pretty hot). We were greeted by our guided who took our information and gave us an itinerary.  The check-in process was very organized!  We had a small group, which was PERFECT!  I have been on tours with 30-40 people and couldn't hear anything the guide was saying.  

Our guide was friendly, knowledgeable, and was happy to answer our questions.  He lived in the neighborhood and told interesting stories about the history of Manayunk.  Every story was meaningful and I wasn't bored at all!  He pointed out sites that you would have walked right by and never knew anything of importance was there.  

We had samples of six different places (tomato pie, Philly pretzels, cheese steak sandwich, pork sandwich, canoli, cappuccino, and cupcake).  We went to five spots and the towpath.  I would have liked to see the pretzel factory!  We were given the pretzels along the towpath (I wanted to ask why we didn't go to the factory but forgot).  

I liked the variaty of the foods we tried!  The tour is highly recommended!
Nancy L
We did the Chestnut Hill Tour.  What fun!  I was with 3 other immediate buddies and then made new friends with about 12 other people.  The walk was leisurely on the main street.  We started at McNally's and had a delicious tasting of a Schmitter.  My new favorite sandwich!  On to two other stops - the cheese and next door olive oil shops.  Learned a lot, had some interesting tastings and went back for some souvenirs at the end of the tour.  Finally, Iron Hill Brewery, Bredenbecks and the Night Kitchen Bakery.  All were excellent and most of all so was our guide.  A must try whether you are new to the area or a local.
On our visit to Philly, we chose the Manayunk neighborhood tour.  The group was relatively small, and the tour started on time.  You are first treated to a tomato pie and a stuffed bread with cheese and pepperoni.  You then are handed a very large soft pretzel with salt on it that you are told you can save or eat right then.  I chose to compromise, and eat half then.  Next, you go to a pub where you get a burger with peanut butter and a side of jelly.  Sounds unappetizing, but the mixture of salty/sweet/savory proved surprisingly successful.  After that, you taste what made Philly famous: the cheesesteak.   They explained that there are many variations, but with ours, the cheese was cooked with the meat instead of on top.  We tried a couple of cheesesteaks while in Philly, and this was by far the best.  You also get a cappuccino at a coffee shop, which was the best cup o' joe this side of the Mississippi.  Lastly, you receive a whole red velvet cupcake which is true to recipe and made with beets whipped into the recipe.  Topped off with cream cheese frosting, the end is truly a treat.  They give you a list of all the places you've tried in case you want to return, which is helpful, and good advertising for the businesses.

As we were walking back to our car, two women on the tour who had arrived late asked us what we had paid.  I replied that we had paid the full $79.  The one snickered and said, "We got ours for $65 on Groupon.  Did you really think it was worth the price you paid?"  I let them have their moment of imagined superiority before smiling sweetly and replying, "Yes, every penny."
This is the best food tour company in the area! We have been on 3 of their tours and enjoyed each one.  The tour guides are very knowledgeable about the areas the tours are located, as well as the food and vendors.  They give background as to why the vendor is on the tour and the history of the vendor and food.  The tours are not rushes and there is plenty of food to taste along the tour.  They even give you a booklet that lists the vendors from the tour as well as other local vendors in case you want to explore more of the areas.  I would highly recommend Chew Philly Food Tours.
WOW...What a great day!!  Loved the tour and the food was amazing!!!  Enjoyed each and every morsel; from true tomatoe pie, to a Philly cheese steak to the best cupcake I've ever had!.   The tour guide was full of information and really had a love of the area.
I think this was a pretty great tour.  Our tour guide was sweet and knowledgeable.  

Spoiler alert for the food you get on the tour!

It starts with Water Ice from some place (sadly I forget the name, it was damn good and homemade fresh everyday); then you go to Marchiano's (sp?) for tomato pie (we also got pepperoni rolls, not sure if that is always the case); then you walk along the Manayunk canal (saw some turtles and geese along the way) and the guide passes out soft pretzels from Tasty Twisters; next up is cheesesteaks from Sorrentino's (I saw that the review below wasn't a fan, but I actually loved these and would definitely go back there, it was even better than D'Alessandro's); then it is cappuccino at a place I forget on main street, Vilo's maybe, it was pretty good; then the tour ends at Sweet Elizabeth's bakery for Red Velvet cupcakes, which were as amazing as the review below says...

All in all, I liked each of the food choices.  Though there are small portions, I was full after the second stop.  It was a great day date and I would definitely recommend it.
Awesome food tour! Girlfriend purchased this for my birthday and I was definitely blown away. Great tour guide, delicious food and cool assortment of people on the tour!
I got a voucher off of Travelzoo for a pretty good deal I'd say. I am vegetarian and I contacted Chew Philly to see about accomodations for me at some of the stops and they were more than happy to help me. I was very pleased with the tour and our tour guide. She was energetic and fun and knowledgeable.  She ensured me that I would be taken care of for my pesky dietary needs. All the stops had really great food. I even ordered some to pick up after the tour and take home. I would def do another tour!
Amazing experience.  My cousin and I had a fantastic time with Amy.  She is a funny guide who knows her stuff!  The food is all wonderful.  If you can score a deal on Living Social or Groupon, go for it (though I would totally pay full price to do this).  You get more than tasting portions.  We were stuffed!  My mother in law randomly got me a gift certificate to do the tour for my birthday next month.  She saw me posting pictures on FB this weekend and was all disappointed that I had already completed the tour.  I told her no, the gift certificate is perfect because I want to experience this again with my husband!
Wonderful and delicious tour.  They were super accommodating to my food allergies and made it a fun filled day. Amy our tour guide was full of energy and easily kept the group moving, happy, and by the end quite stuffed.  Have already recommended to my friends when they come down to visit.
A really well curated food tour with lots of unique and local businesses. As a first time Philadelphia visitor and tourist, taking the food tour helped me go to a neighborhood in philly that I wouldn't have seen otherwise (Chestnut Hill)! We took the Chestnut Hill Food Tour specifically and they were VERY respectful of our dietary needs (my boyfriend is vegetarian and I am gluten free). Normally when you are gluten free on a food tour, you're in a corner eating lettuce while everyone else has bagels, but the gf options were abundant! They provided me with gf sandwiches, cider, crackers, and everything else I could dream of. I definitely felt like I got to participate in the experience fully--for which I was very grateful. Our guide, Pav, was very energetic, thoughtful, and well researched. He clearly cared about the neighborhood, it's history, and food! I love taking food tours as a way to get to know a city and it's dwellers--this was no exception!
We had a terrific tour with Pav. I booked this rather blindly, as I'd never been to Philly and had no idea where Chestnut Hill was. I was looking more for a traditional Philly food tour, but one wasn't available on our date. We found out Chestnut Hill is more than 10 miles from Old City. We were running behind, so we took a Lyft. It was a beautiful drive. Chestnut Hill is charming and quaint. Pav clearly knew his stops and provided great information and history. We began with a local sandwich at an historical tavern. This was followed by visits to a cheese shop for wine and cheese samplings, a burst of knowledge from an olive oil and balsamic vinegar shop, pizza and a beer at a local market, a neighborhood stroll topped off with a sundae. The experience took about 2.5 hours. We were well fed, but not stuffed. The walking was manageable. The local architecture is worth the visit. We took the train back to Philly for $5 each. I would recommend this tour highly. We've been on several in Europe and the US and this was top-notch.
We had a great time! We did the haunted food tour and the food was all delicious. I brought my kids aged 12 and 9 and they both enjoyed it as well. Cute neighborhood and great fun. I highly recommend.
My girlfriend and I had a great time on the Chew Philly Tour with Elyse. The tour was well-paced, and Elyse was very knowledgeable and personable. We had a nice variety of fantastic food, and learned some interesting things about the history of Manayunk and the food itself. The red velvet cupcakes at Sweet Elizabeth's Cakes are insanely good. This tour is highly recommended!
Very disappointed with the Chestnut Hill food tour due to lack of substantial food samplings. I left and immediately ate a 10" sub. The tour had interesting information, but not much food. 

Let me begin by saying the guide was knowledgeable. However, I found her to be very short with the group and seemed very much to be going through the motions. It really seemed like she had better places to be based on her demeanor. She lacked any real interest in those on the tour from what I could observe. 

We were promised "substantial" tastings and a few "smaller" tastings. In reality, there was only one substantial tasting. 

The tour started with 1/4 of a Schmitter and a piece of fudge from the Night Kitchen. This was the highlight of the food. The portion was substantial and delicious. From there, all went downhill quickly. 

The next stop was a cheese shop. The owner was cool, and the cheese was good. But, we got three crackers with a micro-tasting of wine. 

Then came the Olive Oil/Vinegar tasting. I wouldn't even count this as part of the tour. This establishment offers all visitors free samples. Thus, the tour itself provided no marginal value. 

Next, we walked around a normal neighborhood talking about architecture. I'm sorry, I thought this tour was about food. 

We finally came to the next stop, which was essentially the tour of a small closet where some amateurs make beer followed by a small tasting of their beer, maybe 6 oz in total. The beer was pretty good. 

Then we had a great sundae of Brendenbecks. This was excellent. Fresh whipped cream, pound cake, and Basset Ice Cream. 

Overall, we got 1 substantial sample of a sandwich, 3 cheesy crackers, and two desserts. The portions and variety of this tour were unsatisfactory. You could assuredly do better hopping between shops on your own.
This was a perfect little tour whether you are a local or a tourist.  The food portions were ample and the length of the tour (approx 2.5 hours) was perfect.  
Our tour guide Bennie was funny, friendly and knowledgeable.  Just enough historical info to make stuffing your face every half block seem legitimate.
Tour was a lot of fun. We enjoyed walking through Manyunk and hearing about some of the history. We tasted tomato pie, pepperoni bread, pretzels, peanut butter burger, cappuccino, cheese steak, and a cupcake. Our favorites were the tomato pie and cheese steaks. The bacon burger with peanut butter was not something I'd normally try but I'm sure glad I did because it was delicious. Glad that there was walking between stops because it gave us a chance to work up an appetite for the next stop. You won't need lunch before or after, you get plenty during the tour!  Our guide, April, was knowledgeable and friendly!
I have always been a fan of the Philadelphia area & I love hearing about it's history.  Our friends, who had taken this tour once before, told us about it.  I had never been to Manayunk before so I wanted to check it out.  Four of us signed on.

Our guide's name was April & it was evident she loved doing these tours.  She was quite personable & friendly.  We had a nice group of 15 people as we hit the pavement.

We visited 6 small, family owned businesses who specialized in their own version of the food they served.  Our first stop, Marchiano's Bakery, had their cheeseless pizza served at room temps & their stuffed bread for us to sample as well as pretzel samples from the next stop.  #3 was Lucky's Last Chance where we tasted their signature hamburger with cheese, bacon & peanut butter.  Sorrentino's Deli offered a sample of their cheese steak (delicious).  Next was cappuccino & chocolate tasting from Vola Coffeehouse & lastly was dessert at Sweet Elizabeth's Cakes.  

Our group used a groupon for tickets for this tour so we got the two for one price.  I had a great time & it was a gorgeous day however I don't think it would have been worth $59 a person.
a 5 star tour. the food was excellent and guide very knowledgeable. a very enjoyable afternoon.
I really enjoyed this tour; it well worth the cost, noting we booked the tour inconjunction with the Philly pass.

First we met at Marchiano's Bakery and had pepperoni & cheese bread and tomato pie. The bread was my favorite. Both the bread and the crust were light and the ingredients were delicious.  Then we had a soft pretzel from Tasty Twisters which was very soft and the salt made it nice and tasty!  Then we walked to Lucky's Last Chance and had a peanut butter & bacon burger with a side of jelly. Sounded weird but was really delicious! Next stop was Sorrentino's Deli got traditional cheesesteak - yum! Stopped for a cappuccino at Volo Coffeehouse, the coffee was very smooth.  Last stop was at Sweet Elizabeth's Cakes for a velvet cupcake, made the traditional way with beets. Best I've had!

Elyse was our guide and she was wonderful! She spoke well, wasn't dull or over animated, and was very knowledgeable about the area and the history stories were interesting!
I hadn't hung out much in Manayunk before, but always wanted to check it out more often, since I live right across the bridge in South Jersey. This gave me the perfect excuse to do just that, and take my Mom on a Mother's Day outing for the food tour.

There were about 7 stops on the food tour, the stops were all fantastic! Our tour guide, Jim, was awesome and gave great history of the area as well as helpful hints of what else to do in the area, and Philly restaurants. 

I have a food allergy that they were able to accommodate, and I really enjoyed all the food!! 

We spent about 2 hours after the tour ended just walking around Manayunk and poking around all the cute shops.
We enjoyed the tour on 7/28/19 with guide Pav very much. It was a hot day and he was good about getting us into the shade as he talked. We learned some great history and really enjoyed this lovely older neighborhood (although we were surprised it was 30 min from center city!) The food and drink samples were tasty although small in size for the price that we paid. I was pleased that they could accommodate with gluten free options. We would recommend this to others if you have not visited this area!
Lovely lovely lovely! Low key, enjoyable, relaxed, DELICIOUS tour. A great way to explore a great neighborhood. Would recommend to anyone (and already have!) Truly a hidden treasure.
We had a blast on this tour of Manayunk. We literally ate our way through the town. Our guide Jason was personable, informative and very easy going. We not only got to try new places, we also were given the history of the town and surrounding areas. It's a great way to visit a town and get a "taste" of what they have to offer. It was our first time in Manayunk but I can tell you it won't be our last!!  Can't wait for new tours!!
Absolutely incredible tour. My family and I had just a spectacular time learning about Manayunk while sampling some really excellent food along the way. Marciano's, Sorretino's, and Tubby Robot Ice Cream were especially excellent. Highly recommend!
Very nice tour.  Guide obviously enjoyed the community and was interested in sharing. Bit of history and personal stories.  Food samples all tasty.  Liked neighborhood gems as well as the more trendy Main Street places.  A bit pricy but a tour i would recommend for locals as well as tourists.  I love local history, exploring neighborhoods and experiencing foods.  This tour had it all.
I am a fairly recent transplant to Philly and have been trying to get to know my new city.  What better way than to mix food, history, humor and a lovely walk.  The food chosen for us to try was excellent.  I was skeptical about a few items, but loved everything.  As a big eater, I was worried I would be hungry.  I didn't need to be concerned.  I was thankful for the walk because it helped give time between sampling and the next stop.  Our guide spoke to my inner history and food geek with a great sense of humor.  There were several different groups on the tour of different ages and backgrounds.  Everyone seemed to enjoy the experience.
I would highly recommend the Manuyuk food tour with April.  I took this tour with my 26 year old son. Its a fun walking tour that combines new and REALLY old food establishments with interesting info about the history, people and architect of the area. 
Sicilian Tomato pie, a hamburger with bacon, peanut butter & jelly, Philly cheese sandwich & red velvet cupcake....more....you won't leave hungry!

Check out  Groupon for a discounted voucher.  

FYI...Manayuk is not downtown Philly -not center city but worth the drive!
All I can say is do this food tour!  It was perfect in every way.  The food was great while we learned some history of the area as well as some food tips.  You are sure to have a great time!
Did the Manayunk tour this past weekend. Tour was well done, informative and fun. Relaxed vibe, tour guide was really sweet and helpful. The walking was easy, a few stairs, slight slopes, nothing to really brake a sweat. The only bad part was the Philly Cheese Steak sandwich. Sorrentino's wasn't very delish. Dry bread and stringy meat with no flavor. BEST THING: RED VELVET cupcake @ Sweet Elizabeth's. It had Marscapone icing. Sooooo good I could have eaten a dozen. Would recommend stopping by the Manayunk Brewery down the street to end the tour.
If possible I would have given this tour a 3.5. It was enjoyable and I'm glad I went on it. I would try it again possibly with changes in food establishments. April our tour director is very affable and a great guide. She is knowledgeable about Manayunk history, the food, and the local architecture.

The tour went at a nice leisurely pace, I didn't feel rushed nor did I feel we were too long at one stop. It was a nice easy walk, April was available for questions throughout, and the weather cooperated wonderfully. At $59 a pop it's expensive for a two hour tour. We were lucky to get half price tix. Look around.

Although the food was good, I wasn't overwhelmed by it. The tomato pie was different but I don't see myself ordering one; ditto with the pb&j cheese burger. The cheese steak was good too but I thought it needed something. I could have done without dessert but I must say if you have a sweet tooth you need to try cupcakes at Sweet Elizabeth's. The stuffed bread at Marchianos was my favorite of the day.
Chew Philly provided a wonderfully informative and delicious tour featuring all the Philly food favorites and just enough history to make it interesting for even a Roxborough native.  We're also self-proclaimed foodies and were very pleased with the very legitimate Philly cheesesteak (i.e. finely chopped rib-eye), the not-mass-produced soft pretzel, and water ice.  We visited places we might have overlooked because of our aversion to the now beer-soaked blocks of Manayunk. Our tour guide was very knowledgable and friendly.   
     Our visits to small, family-owned businesses makes your time and money spent guilt-free!  
     I'd give it the 5th star if they add something to their tips list in the very helpful reminder email they send prior to your reservation date.  You should bring your own beverage (i.e. water) to refresh yourself as you walk and for the food stops that don't provide a drink.  
    I look forward to future Chew Tours!
Took an awesome good your of manayunk today and loved every part of it! Amy, our tour guide, was extremely knowledgeable and enthusiastic!! We learned so many Interesting things about manayunk and the food we sampled from her! The food was super for a food tour: much larger portions than expected, we left feeling full and satisfied. The amount of walking and scenery was perfect as was the selection of local businesses to sample the food at. Would definately recommend to any foodies both local or none looking for a fun activity!!!!!
Took the tour in Manayunk and LOVED it. I'm a philly resident but learned a lot about a new neighborhood and had a lot of delicious treats. My favorite stop on the tour was definitely Sorrentino's Deli-- great cheesesteaks! . Bethany was an amazing tour guide!
The four tour was great! The food was excellent at all the stops and got a good taste of authentic Philly flavor. The tour guide also did a great job keeping us all comfortable and having a great time while giving us a bit of history and background of the area and the food.
We LOVED your food tour of Manayunk last weekend! Our fearless leader was hilarious, knowledgeable and created such an atmosphere of fun! The food was unexpectedly delicious! I never thought I would have the best cup of cappuccino, peanut butter and jelly bacon cheeseburger and red velvet cupcake all in the same day! THANK YOU!!!
Really fun way to see manayunk and try some delicious Philly food! Really interesting fun facts about Philly and manayunk too! Definitely recommend for something different on a nice day.
Got a living social deal for the Manayunk tour and finally took advantage of it this past weekend! Our tour guide, Amy, was knowledgable and enthusiastic. We enjoyed sampling the food that Manayunk has to offer and seeing the spirited locals on game day. 

There is really something for everyone on this tour so if you're not a fan of one sample, it's a pretty good bet you'll enjoy the next. Loved the area and also the free street park. 

Manayunk is a bit hilly but the tour does a decent job of avoiding most! Plus, shopping afterward was awesome.
Varied food destinations and a pleasant walk through a quaint area of Philadelphia. A knowledgeable and friendly tour guide make this tour well worth your while. 

Highlights included:

-Old fashioned recipe cupcakes
-Fresh on site prepared cappuccino 
-Organic locally sourced ingredients in a peanut butter hamburger
Too much walking and it should start and finish on Main St. Too many steps to climb!
After our last
stop we had to walk a great distance and up hills to get to our car at the first starting place, Marchiano's Bakery. If they had a place to sit and have coffee while we waited for Amy would have been a great way to start the day. Their tomato pie was cold and not tasty, another reason to skip this as the starting place. The cheese steak at Sorrentino's was delicious. Lucky's Last Chance burger with peanut butter did not have bacon on mine or my friend's as told to us. Burger was not warm and the taste was over powered with the peanut butter.  I loved the espresso coffee at Volo's Coffehouse and the cupcake at Sweet Elizabeth's. We had beef back to back...chicken somewhere would have been a nice change.It was nice to hear about the history but I would never do any other walks for food tasting. I would suggest people in great shape and no ailments would be better candidates. BTW Amy sure likes her job and does it well!
We had a great tour with our friends. Our guide, Bethany, was very knowledgeable about the history of Manayunk as well as the foods we were sampling. The narration was full of interesting stories and information as well as her personal anecdotes as a resident of Manayunk. 
My best advice is arrive hungry. We were all stuffed by the end. Bring comfy walking shoes too!
My husband and I were visiting Philadelphia from California. We really enjoyed the overall experience of the tour. It is worth a try.
We are Philadelphians and are visiting our city as tourists so we decided to take this food tour. We don't spend alot of time in Manayunk so it was nice to see and learn about the area. Very nice representative of what our city has to offer.   The tomato pie and Stromboli to start were some of the best Philly had to offer.  The pretzel was authentic. It was a tough toss up between the capaccino and macaroon vs the ice cream.  Nice afternoon, quaint walk, great  personable tour guide and delicious lunch.  My husband, thirteen year old son and myself all agree.
This was a great tour. Our tour guide, Amy, clearly was born to do this job. She was funny, engaging, energetic and knowledgeable. 

The food was really great too. I was an especial fan of all the foods on the tour that one would have thought were the "non-blockbuster" items. The pretzel was surprinsingly different than any other soft pretzel I have tried. I do not drink coffee, but after the coffee, I may have to rethink that. There was no bitterness, but was so smooth and creamy - amazing! The tomato pie too was amazing. I have had bad ones, and I thought for sure, "This is just not going to be worth the ingested calories." What a revelation - the taste of the tomatoes was a revelation. 

The walk was just right, enough to make you feel less guilty about inhaling the food, but not enough for your feet to want to beat you dead. The scenic walk by the river was beautiful and the artwork a showstopper. 

Thank you, Amy. We had a great time!
Really enjoyed the food tour of Manyunk.  Guide was very good and enjoyed the food.  My favorites were the cheese steak (and I usually don't like cheese steaks) and the cannolli.  I also really liked the red velvet cupcake.  I did not like the pork sandwich - but most of the others on the tour did.  The tour took about 2 1/2 hours.  Was easy walking - but there were steps and some uneven sidewalk.  I used a discount available and would do another tour - especially with a discount.
The tour guide was great. She was upbeat (despite the miserable rainy weather), full of knowledge, and very sweet. To be honest, the tour "stops" were disappointing. I've been on food and drink tours in many cities and this felt cheap. We had 7 food tastings but one was a macaron that we ate in the coffee shop with the coffee and one was a soft pretzel that we ate while walking to another stop. So only 5 stops. The big problem is that the stops basically had no real place for us to sit and enjoy what we were eating (I mean there was a tiny space in back rooms that was ugly and cramped in a couple of places). There was also not a single stop that had a place to buy a cocktail or beer while we tasted. When I read the description of the tour, I assumed we could buy our own cocktail at a stop or two. It just felt sort of cheap. All the other tours I've taken similar to this have given you substantial food tastings in comfortable seating arrangements with access to drinks if desired. This is especially important when it's pouring rain since we had to stand out in rain for a couple of stops. This could be a great tour but needs work on how they lay it out.
We really enjoyed our tour.  We learned new info, tried new places to eat and got to hang out with friends all day.  I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a fun activity that is "out of the box".  Oh...and the food was delicious!
We had a fantastic time on this tour. I brought my two teen sons and we really enjoyed the tour and delicious foods!
Great experience! Would definitely recommend this to anyone. Good food and awesome info.
