I am a regular visitor to Chinatown in Philadelphia. After eight plus years doing business in China, I need my Asian fix at least once a month. Whether a haircut at Artiva Salon, a subterranean grocery exploration, or a great meal at any of the scores of traditional regional kitchens, the gritty streets of C'town will find my footprints in the greasy dust. 

Immigrants from Fuzhou and the old Canton arrive first starting 175 years ago. A laundry, then a few rice shops, and then a business association attracted more small family startups contributing to what was once a larger neighborhood. The increased density of a five square block area actually adds to the impression of walking through hutongs in Beijing or other large Chinese city. The Friendship Gate on 10th Street is authentic and carries the magic spells for success and happiness. 

While true that the well to do residents have escaped west and north, leaving behind hourly workers, students and families that can't afford to move uptown, the community is still vibrant, evolving and exciting. 

From creative bars and clubs to traditional restaurants with roast ducks and pig snouts in the windows to rolled ice cream and excellent teas and coffees, there is something for everyone on these gristled lanes.
Call Robert DeNiro. Because he will take you down to Chinatown.

A lot of people think of NYC and San Francisco as the Chinatowns of the USA. But cities like Boston, DC, Houston and Philadelphia have wonderful Chinatowns of their own, complete with the "gate" and all.

The Philly Chinatown is much smaller and less-frequented than the one in NYC, but it's absolutely wonderful. It's mainly just 1 street, although technically it's several square blocks. The one street is like being in China itself, but in a Philly terraced row-houses neighbourhood setting. There's a little of everything, and if you like Chinese food and goods, you'll never get tired. There are some nice dessert and bubble tea shops along here too.

I'll update this with the names of all the best restaurants when I've tried more of them. The best Bubble Tea in this area is clearly, definitively, hands down "Mr. Wish." They have the best fruit teas I've *ever* had - especially the Passion Fruit and the Apple. And their Wow Milk Tea is most definitely "wow". Great mixed fruit teas too. Come and try for yourself.

Perhaps the best part is that Chinatown Philly is close to everything. It's about 10 minutes walk from the Liberty Bell and 5 minutes walk from Reading Terminal Market, which has much of the best food in town. It's one of the most notable and enjoyable little Chinese neighborhoods in North America.

I prefer 'Ginatown, but not by much.
Though Chinatown in NYC is huge with lots to see and do, the one here in Philly had lots to over even of on a smaller scale which to me isn't terribly small. 
Such great restaurants to patron! It's a foodie's dream come true. I like coming to Philly just to eat at all of the different spots in Chinatown.
In addition too restaurants there are shops and other business to serve your needs.
Little trinket shops while not many there are enough to satisfy buying needs.
The atmosphere of Chinatown is fast-paced, lively, happy and fun!
The Friendship Gate is a must. What a glorious piece of architecture.
Love it. Wonderful people, food, and culture. Go to for duck, seafood, and  varied versions of classic Chinese favorites. Very walkable. 

Highly Recommended.
