As a sister city gift from Tianjin, China to Philadelphia, the Friendship Gate was the first of its kind in the USA. Engineers and artisans from the old country designed and built it on 10th Street at the corner with Arch Street.  When freshly painted (as it last was in 2008), it is a beautiful reminder of the cultural ties between two grand cultures, one very old, and the other quite new.  It is an accurate representation of a Qing Dynasty city gate that would historically be placed in an opening in the wall surrounding a city, or an approach to a holy site.  There is also magic spread over the structure with the carvings, painting and Chinese proverbs placed on it.  So, with a little belief and a lot of imagination, you can feel the changing atmosphere when entering or exiting Chinatown through this portal.  That is part of the reason why being in Chinatown feels so far away from the rest of our urban world. 

Chinatown has suffered at the hands of last century's urban planners, as first one piece (Ben Franklin Bridge), and then another (Vine Street Expressway), and yet another (Philadelphia Convention Center) cut away at the neighborhood.  What was once a 12 block enclave, is now only 7.  Gentrification north of Vine will only make matters worse as the value of real estate skyrockets, forcing old owners out as taxes raise and rents follow. Luckily, the Phillies were not able to build their new ballpark where originally desired just off 12th and Vine. 

Although I usually approach Chinatown from the north (as the Mongols did), I try to make it a point to walk through Friendship Gate (driving under it does not provide the special spell).  Either before or after a great meal, haircut, or shopping adventure, a moment within its aura seems to lighten my load, and give a sense of connection with a 5,000 year old culture. 

Walk under it next time your in town.  Tell us how it felt.
This area definitely is not just "Chinatown". It is "Asian Town". There are all kind of Asian people living or having business here. If you are craving from Asian food, this place will definitely satisfy you!! There are restaurants, bakery, dessert shops, market & etc. A few blocks of yummy food~
Built in 1984, this 40-foot gate reigns over Philadelphia's Chinatown as a visible sign of its sister city relationship with Tianjin in China. Local architect Sabrina Soong designed the gate based on colorful Qing Dynasty motifs, while artisans from Tianjin assisted with its construction.

Indeed, even if it's completely shaded by surrounding buildings, its colors remain quite vivid. It's not as austere as a similar gate at the entrance to Boston's Chinatown. Perhaps this is due to differing levels of community input, in addition to differences between gates in American cities that were donated (or assisted) by mainland China and those by Taiwan in a mad race of one-upmanship that occurred in the 1970s and 1980s.

Still, a defining landmark of the neighborhood and of Philadelphia.
The Chinatown Friendship Gate is the entrance to Chinatown.  It's a beautiful piece of art, very detailed.  It's worth checking out for sure! It's 40 ft tall and was renovated in 2008.
I've reviewed a lot of things on Yelp, from bridges and tunnels (http://bit.ly/2YCOtxX) to gas stations (http://bit.ly/2GXPRAi), but never a gate. This is my first review of a gate.

The Chinatown Friendship Gate, also known as the Chinatown Friendship Arch and the China Gate, is the "official" entrance to Philadelphia's Chinatown. The gate is located on N 10th St at Arch St. It's 40 feet tall and weighs 88 tons. It's called the Friendship Gate because it symbolizes the friendship between Philly and its sister city in China, Tianjin. The gate officially "opened" (was dedicated) in January 1984 with a rededication in 2008.

This is a neat landmark and worth checking out if you've never been to Philly Chinatown before. It's ornate and colorful and makes for a nice photo/selfie. The architectural style comes from the Ming (1368 to 1644) and Qing (1644 to 1912) dynasties. I think Philly's Chinatown gate trumps San Francisco's Chinatown gate, Dragon Gate (http://bit.ly/2Yy21uu), in terms of size and decor, but SF's gate is actually three gates in one (two gates for pedestrians and one for vehicles). This gate is built over vehicular traffic only: two one-way car lanes and one one-way bike lane, all heading south out of Chinatown and into Center City.

If you're visiting Philly from out of town, I recommend going to Tea Do (http://bit.ly/2M9XSWV) one block north of the gate and Reading Terminal Market (http://bit.ly/2OOoUFG) two blocks east.

After leaving a review for this gate, I realized I never left one for the SF version (http://bit.ly/2Yy21uu). Now I have to do it.
We made it to the friendship gate,
and I really just can't wait,

I found out that thing was sushi and not fishing bait,
come to shop or if you're out on a date,

Don't be late
to the Chinatown friendship gate
I get sooo excited when I see the china town friendship gate just cause I know that it's china town!! Lol it's a nice gate...didn't get a chance to take a picture of it since the time  I went was pouring rain ...ugh.. Love the area...so many things to do...so many places to eat ...there's a lot of parking meter in this area...watch out for the handy cap parking meter...u can barely see it ..who and what states makes in the hand cap area way over the edge ...was partially hidden in the bottom of the edge ...came back and saw a 300 dollar ticket ...wtf is that all about ... Sad thing is I had so much fun in Philly at the end of all that fun  got a ticket ughhh....pissed lol... just never heard of handy cap meters so please be carefully don't make the same mistake I did ... Overall defiantly try pho here...there Asian restaurants are spot on ...come on it is china town lol
The Friendship Gate is really pretty. Chinatown itself is not clean but is much cleaner than any of our China Towns in NYC. The few restaurants I have been to in Chinatown Philly were really good! Our China Town restaurants in NYC have gone down hill since 9/11/2001. I appreciate Chinatown Philly and the Friendship Gate!
I have seen all the major Chinatown gates in the United States. This one is not the biggest, but still very beautiful and worth a photo op as you enter the city's Chinatown.
I love the Philly Chinatown friendship gate.  Chinatown wouldn't be the same without it.  

The Gate is the first authentic gate in America built by artisans from China.  It stands 40 feet high and literally says "Philadelphia Chinatown." To me it is a symbol of identity for the Philadelphia Chinatown and makes the visit to Chinatown special.  I love the elaborate designs and bright colors.
Very cool archway as you enter the heart of Chinatown.  The detailing on the gateway are impeccable.  Lots of Authentic Chinese stores just behind the gate.
A beautiful piece of architecture. Entrance into the Philly Chinatown. I came here with a friend as we were being tourist and taking a lot of pictures. It's nice to see the various cultures of the city and this gate is a symbolism for the area. The gate is getting a little worn down so hopefully it can get refurbished soon. Lovely sight to see!
Beautiful spot. 

1) I make sure to come by this gate whenever I come near Philly Chinatown. 
2) It is just beautiful. 
3) Must visit.
A must see!  The entire Chinatown area is fascination.  You can visit shops and restaurants.  Come hungry and be prepared to sample your way through the area.  The Chinatown Friendship Gate is a symbol of the area and its diversity. Great photo opportunity.
What a nice name! Too bad it is only a gate as it could be really majestic. Philly's China Town is small, but I found a great restaurant inside.
If you're anywhere near the Chinatown area, this is a must see stop! I know that it's only an arch, but it's really beautiful and makes you appreciate the beauty of our city's different cultures.

If you step back enough on Arch Street, fellow pedestrians are typically understanding enough to stop walking to allow you to get a great photo of you in front of this work of art.
A beautiful symbol of Philadelphia's growing Chinatown community.
