Christ Church Burial Ground is all about the Benjamins ... as in your benjamins to see the final resting place of Philadelphia legend Benjamin Franklin.

Admission is $3 for adults ($1 for kids under 13) while guided tours are $8 (or $3 for children). Luckily, the admission money goes to preservation efforts and staff for the historic burial ground.

The cemetery is closed December - February and then on bad weather days the other months. It is also closed Easter, Thanksgiving, and Christmas. Otherwise, it is open 11:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. daily except on Sundays when it opens at noon. Guided tours are available at opening (11:00 or noon) and 30 minutes before closing at 3:30.

Besides Franklin, 4 other signers of the Declaration of Independence are buried at Christ Church: George Ross, Francis Hopkinson, Joseph Hewes, and Benjamin Rush. In all there are 4,000 people buried in the Burial Ground with over 1,400 markers visible on the two acres.

You'll notice that many visitors toss pennies on the gravesite of Franklin in honor of his famous quote "A penny tossed (on his grave) is a penny earned ... by Christ Church."

My photos of this on Yelp: https://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/christ-church-burial-ground-philadelphia-2?userid=AbMjnKOwg736fcIu8apuyQ
I was incredibly fortunate to have the opportunity to see where the scandalous Benjamin Franklin and his common law wife Deborah Read were buried. This is something that I've wanted to do for about 5 years now. Ever since seeing where Benjamin Franklin's parents were buried in Boston; I was determined to see where Ben himself was located.

His grave can be seen from outside the gate, but it didn't justify for me to come there and not go in! It was neat to stand there and see it. 

Christ Church Cemetery was established in 1791 and the last person to be laid to rest here was in 1991. Currently, there is a head stone next to the gentleman marked with the year born but with no death date. I presume that it is for his wife when she dies and to be laid to rest next to him when that time comes.

There are several notables buried here aside from Mr. Franklin including:

* Charles Mason - Astronomer and surveyor. Mason along with Jeremiah Dixon helped to settle the boundary dispute between Pennsylvania and Maryland, creating the Mason-Dixon Line in 1763

* Lewis Evans - he was a surveyor and Geographer, who made maps of Pennsylvania, New Jersey, New York and Delaware counties. His maps were used by people migrating to the colonies and also by General Braddock during the French and Indian War.
 
* Michael Hillegas - First Treasurer of the United States.

* Dr. Benjamin Rush - Physician, social reformer, Treasurer of the United States Mint, Signer of the Declaration of Independence, founder of Dickinson College, Known as "The Father of American Psychiatry".

credited... (http://www.christchurchphila.org/Historic-Christ-Church/Burial-Ground/The-Graves/98/)

It costs $2 for adults to enter without a guided tour. We didn't do the guided tour, but rather looked around on our own. There are markers on various notable graves talking about who the person was and what they did during their life to make them notable. Lots of the graves have weathered over time due to the age of the cemetery. Others have been chipped away or had the plaque I was mentioning placed in front of them to be recognizable.

The cemetery seems to be extremely well kept both grass wise and stones wise.

Right as you enter the gate where the person sells the tickets, you can also buy little gifts from there too. I personally find that to be a tacky gesture being that it is inside a cemetery. It kind of cheapens the experience. I am not saying don't charge to go in, but I will say maybe move the stand outside of the cemetery gate? I don't know... just seems a little disrespectful for the kiosk to be right there.

I enjoyed the visit. I feel this is something that you must do when visiting Philadelphia, especially if you enjoy history and learning about our Founding Fathers.
Just some facts and info to make your life easier:
 
Location?
In Center City " Olde City" Philadelphia. Close to the Independence Hall, and Liberty Bell Center.

Cost?
- Adults $2.
- Students $1.
- Groups up to 25 people $15. 

Time-zone?
- March-November (weather permitting).
- Hours are: Mon-Sat 10-4, Sun 12-4.
- Guided tours "Revolutionary Americans" are presented from 11 AM-3:30 PM, with an additional $3 for adults/ $1 for students.
Tip: The Franklins' grave could be seen without going inside the cemetery, and pay the $2 admission fee. It is on the corner of the sidewalk on the northwest side. 

Graves?
- Benjamin Franklin (1706-1790) : Signer of the Declaration of Independence and Constitution.
- John Taylor (1718-1803): Over 50 years gravedigger at the cemetery. 
- Gerald J. Connelly, Jr ( 1927- 1991 ): Last person buried here.
- Ordinary citizens: Men, women and children. 
Tip: 1) Bainbridge, Camac, and Willing, ring a bill? These are some familiar Philadelphia streets, also they are the names of some of the people buried in the cemetery.
2) Why there is a large amount of pennies on Benjamin Franklin's grave?
- Shows that The Franklins' grave is visited the most. 
- It is said to be a symbol of " GOOD LUCK."
- A nod to Franklin's motto that "a penny saved is a penny earned."


P.S:  Church Cemetery burial ground is said to be haunted by the spirit of the old man. So be aware!!! 

Four Yelps.
I'm very appreciative of the fact that the main attraction of this cemetery (Benjamin Franklin) is viewable from the sidewalk outside of the gates. However, to truly appreciate the burial ground and its occupants, its worth spending 20-30 minutes either taking a guided tour or just walking through it on a good Philadelphia day.

Entrance into the cemetery is $2.00, and you can purchase various souvenirs while on your walking tour here. The grounds are well-maintained, and you'll notice that there are walking paths cut out in between the headstones so that you won't disturb anything. Again, its highly recommended for you to take a guided tour. Or, just google the burial ground to see the cemetery's occupants. Among those occupants, five signed the Declaration of Independence. Pretty significant. 

And of course, Ben and Deborah Franklin's grave. One of two graves in America that I've seen folks continually pay homage to by placing money upon (the other is Thomas Jefferson in Charlottesville, VA). I paid homage by doing so as a child, and I did so again as an adult 30 years later with a few quarters, dimes, and of course, pennies. I honestly don't know why I do this. Its not that I feel compelled to do so because of others. Quite possibly, its more for the appreciation of such innovations that have stood the test of time, particularly of his concept for compounded interest. Or, its just for luck. I dunno.

Either which way, I found it worthwhile to stop at the Christ Church Burial Ground while on my self-guided walking tour of the Old City. And its certainly a good stop to pay homage to one of America's founding fathers & brightest minds in all of recorded history.
We were wandering around Philadelphia to explore the rest of it as my nieces can't walk too much as they have tiny feet and 2 miles is like 10 to them. But me and the bf, we have legs of steel! I mean, just as long as I don't speed walk, the bf will be a-ok. So on our stroll from Christ Church, there was a mention of Benjamin Franklin being buried there. All I saw were other folks buried around the church. So we left the church and headed west and we stumbled on the actual burial ground which is like a block or two away?

The one drawback was you had to pay! What? I have to pay to see a burial ground. It feels wrong. Well the good thing is Ben (cause we're on a first name basis) is viewable from the street and you know exactly which it is as there are a ton of coins thrown on it. I wonder how Ben feels about this in the afterlife, but I'm sure he's quite happy with his wife next to him.

If you're feeling like seeing others (not sure who else in in there), go forth and pay. Or pay if you want to take a selfie without the fence in the way. But if you just want to take a photo of the grave (like me), Just reach in and take one through the fence and walk on your merry way.
I am a huge fan of history, and graveyards too (they can be beautiful to the right viewer).  My younger sister, on the other hand, probably never anticipated I would drag her off on a cemetery tour.  However, this cemetery is fascinating.  Not only are there historically significant graves, such as several signers of the Declaration, but even the "ordinary" ones are interesting to read and wonder about.
We spent some time here, as Ben Franklin is buried here and there are numerous markers commemorating his life.  A small donation is all that is required and maps of the grave sites are available.  More than a few stones have been refurbished or replaced, as the original stones are very old and cannot be read.  The crowd was very reverent; and, most people spoke in hushed tones.  We took a few photos; and, left a penny on Mr. Franklin's grave, as many folks do.
It's a tourist trap. $2 adult admission $1 for a map. Suggested donation box at Ben Franklin's grave. How gauche...how "New World Protestant." 

Allow me to preface this rating with some explanation as I rarely give 1 star to places much less a historic and cultural landmark. I have been to two other cemeteries in Philadelphia this Winter, Old Pine Street Cemetery and St. Peter's, both are incredible, older in some respects, and do "it" a lot better and are free. Pray tell what is the "it" you may wonder. Read on dear reader.

I waited all Winter, to visit Christ Church Burial Ground as it is only open starting in March. In the meantime I had gone to the other two off a suggestion on Reddit, and I was floored on how grandiose St. Peter's was, they even offer a Pokemon trainer gym. They have plenty of headstones, and benches. In other words they are really inclusive and one gets the feeling they want you to stay and experience the peace and history and the mystery of the grave and the history of Philadelphia. There was even a car alarm going off in the distance with the sound of children playing (as St. Peter's is next to a school) and it only slightly took away from visiting the cemetery. 

In contrast, at Christ Church you pay $2 and they politely up-sell you a map (which is fine) and decent quality, but when I got in I was appalled at the condition of the cemetery. The grass, the litter, the fallen American flags all take away from a very mediocre sized cemetery with an unimpressive layout. There is also absolutely nowhere to sit, or to genuflect. Sadly to say they are really interested in the "mass" quantity of the experience. Similar to what The Barnes is viz. what Mr. Barnes's wishes were. 

It's a turn-style tourist trap, they want you to get in and get out, so the small cemetery doesn't get clogged or I guess damaged/littered. There was 1 bench in the whole place. But let's be honest, people only care about Franklin. Well, you can see him from the street. I did a full video review here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9HUTEf2mAbg
Another fantastic piece of overlooked history in Philly.

Most people it's seems are content to be lazy or cheap and just come by to throw a penny on the tombstone of the Burial Ground's most famous resident, Dr. Franklin.

But in doing that you really shortchange yourself as there is a lot more to learn not only about him but about the other deceased here which include five signers of the Declaration of Independence, the founder of the Philadelphia Zoo, various other early medical pioneers and Revolutionary/Civil War Heroes with the oldest known stone dating back to 1721.

A good PDF showing the layout of the grounds: http://www.christchurchphila.org/SiteData/docs/ccbg-map/2bb71d24513b57e1e0cddea2468bd666/ccbg-map.pdf

Admission is stupid cheap and guided tour from one of the church's volunteers is not much more.

Pay the few dollars and take a nice quiet stroll through the markers to learn more about the great men and women the helped make Philadelphia the city it is.

March - November
Monday-Saturday - 10:00 AM - 4:00 PM
Sunday - 12:00 PM - 4:00 PM

December
Friday and Saturday from 12-4 PM

Closed January and February, Easter Sunday, Thanksgiving and Christmas.

Admission
$1 Students, $2 adults and
$15 for groups up to 25 people.

Guided tours of the burial ground are available for an additional fee of $3 for adults and $1 for students.
Amazing. 

1) I enjoyed this place very much, walked around and relaxed. 
2) Ben Franklin's burial is here. People were throwing pennies all over it, not the 100 dollar bills. However, as Ben quoted: "Penny saved, is a penny earned."
3) It costs only 2 dollars to enter.
Admission to the burial ground was $5 which I paid with a credit card.  You get a self guided tour map with admission. The fee goes towards restoration efforts of the cemetery. They also have water that you can purchase as well. They are only open a few days a week and have limited hours and the day I went, they opened late.  The place is what you see is what you get.  It is a historical cemetery with a lot of the original 18th headstones.  Many of which you can not read the inscription. There are many signers of the constitution, highlighted by Benjamin Franklin, are buried there. There are also other prominent people during that time there as well. I did see a grave from the 1900s there, near the back of the cemetery. 

Ben Franklin's grave is near the front left corner of the cemetery, you cant miss it. It is the one adorned with pennies. I spent about 30 minutes there and covered the entire cemetery. It is not very big.  I recommend making this visit as part of a larger itinerary including the Betsy Ross House, the Liberty Bell, the Constitution Museum and Independence Hall. Please keep in mind that this attraction is still a cemetery and be mindful and respectful of that fact.
Its been awhile since McThrill played tourist in his own city. So when I finally came across Christ Church Burial Ground at a time when the gates where open, I decided that it was time to do so again and see the burial site of one of my all time favorite historic figures, Benjamin Franklin. And as a result I got to enjoy a serene walk through history for a mere $2.

With his prime spot by the front corner with a placard, and the spare change that people left on his tombstone (which I kind of wondered about since he was an advocate for PAPER money, and only appeared on the $100 bill. But tourism!), Franklin's burial site was by far the main attraction. But walking through the cemetery led to me coming across several more iconic figures; including the Father of Psychiatry Benjamin Rush, co-explorer of the Mason-Dixon Line Charles Mason, a few other signees of the Declaration of Independence, and plenty of decorated war heroes. Throw in the classically designed tombstones, and it being a near perfectly preserved piece of yesteryear Philadelphia; and you have a great historic destination for cemetery buffs to visit on the cheap.
I know visiting cemeteries is never a "must-do" on most people's vacation lists, but Christ Church Burial Ground is definitely worth it. For a measly $2, you can walk around and see so much history in this cemetery. Obviously the most popular grave is Benjamin Franklin. Luckily if you don't feel like paying, you can see his grave from the outside of the cemetery. It's become tradition to throw a penny on Ben Franklin's grave as a symbol of good luck and a nod to his motto that "a penny saved is a penny earned". Other notable graves are several signers of the Declaration of Independence such as Francis Hopkinson, Joseph Hewes, and Benjamin Rush. The Church Burial Ground is so close to the rest of "Olde City" that there really isn't a reason not to come and enjoy another small, but significant piece of history that Philly offers.
For a $2 entry fee and a short walk from the Independence Hall, you get to visit the grave of dude that's on the $100 bill. If you're traveling on a budget and don't have that $2 to spare, you can still see Mr. Franklin's grave from the outside. On a serious note though, I think this is a underrated tourist attraction in Philadelphia. It's quite interesting to go in and  see all the old graves of famous Philadelphian's buried here.
We've attended many cemetery tours here and have always had a great time and learned something new. I've lived a few blocks away for 15 years, and my husband and I still get excited when we learn that a new tour is being offered (I believe they offer a new one every month that the cemetery is open to visitors)---it's not just for tourists! The tours are the perfect mix of being respectful of the fact that it's the final resting place for so many esteemed people and being completely accessible and fun. Depending on the theme of the tour, you'll learn about the Founding Fathers but also things like the history of medicine in Philadelphia and the yellow fever epidemic. If you're lucky and it's a tour about something related to medicine, they'll bring out the leeches!
Note: not to be confused with the actual church; just the cemetery. 

It's not everyday I review graveyards, but this one happens to be one of the most important. This is where Benjamin Franklin is buried, along with four other signers of the Declaration of Independence. There are several early historical figures buried there, that you probably are not familiar with and were probably not mentioned in your school history books. I would check out the list on the cemetery's Wiki page. Walking through the cemetery is quite an experience, as you'll see plenty of markers/signs that talk about some of the folks buried at the cemetery. You'll definitely see a lot of old-fashioned stones. A lot of the stones have been replaced over time, but the older ones are very difficult to see/read. 

Because it is owned by the church and not public, there is a $3 admission fee. I would get it as part of Philadelphia's Citypass (that's what I did), even though you're probably not saving that much. You can view Franklin's final resting place through outside the gate, but if you're really into the history of Ben Franklin I would just pay the $3 and get away from the outside crowds. The admission is also the donation that helps preserve the burial grounds. There is a small gift booth as well, where the ticket person is.
This is probably one of the neatest landmarks I got to see on this trip. I never even knew it existed on my previous trips here. We walked here from Independence Hall. So I'm not sure where the actual entrance to the cemetery is but I actually think it worked out better this way. Apparently you have to pay $2 to enter the cemetery. The best part is you really don't need to do all that to see Benjamin Franklin's grave. His grave is in the corner of the cemetery right next to the gate. So anyone and everyone may see him to pay respects to this great man who came up with so many things and helped to build this great nation. As a show of respect people throw coins on his grave to symbolize his saying "a penny saved is a penny earned". There's a wreath set up right there and a plaque outlining his many accomplishments. A must see while in philly.
Had Lauren as our guide and she did awesome.  This is a cool tour of a prestigious cemetery.  Pay for the Tour as you learn more then just Ben Franklin.
Clearly the biggest highlight of my visit to Philadelphia.
Imagine sitting down at the same pew where the founding fathers - George Washington, Benjamin Franklin once prayed from, very few things can beat that.
This is beautiful church with a beautiful garden and a very interesting history. I was lucky to listen to a free tour from one of the volunteers at the church.
Definitely a MUST do when you are in the city.
The saying is "A penny saved is a penny earned." So maybe instead if putting that penny on Ben Franklin's grave, he would want you to hold onto it. Either way, it's a nice gesture and I'm sure he appreciates it!

Christ Church burial ground is really interesting to walk though if you're a history geek like me. It's even better if you're with a friend who's even way more into history than you, because along with the map we were given upon arrival, I had my own personal storyteller. 

There's a lot of interesting people buried here besides just Ben, so it's absolutely worth checking out.
Nice strolling grounds to meet some important people in American history.  

This is a small cemetary, not the church which is about a block and a half away.  You will be asked if you want to purchase a map for an additional fee.  If you really want to ensure you go to certain graves, then you should purchase.  Otherwise I would emcourage you to wander around.  Most of the 'high flyers' are marked.  You will spend about 30-45 minutes there.

Also there are pennies on Franklin's grave.  'A penny saved is a penny earned.'
Save your money if you are only trying to see Ben Franklins grave. You can see it from the fence and you are only a couple feet away from it. That's my tip of the day. It's real close to the liberty bell and independence hall. My girlfriend being the blonde she is, thought it was the guy from the movie All About the Benjamins.
