Buddy would have been so proud!  (not sure if he has passed?). Lots of dogs, people chatting, little area for kids to play. A little Greenhaven in the middle of the city! Really fun!
It's not the biggest of parks, but it's a quiet little place to sit in South Philly while taking in a little bit of nature. There's an abundance of park benches, a small garden, and it's the perfect place to take your dog for a walk. The park is going to have a special Fall Festival on October 6th.
It's a strange little park, but it fits the neighborhood well. The grass is bald in parts like many of the little old men who sit out on benches in front of their houses. The dogs bark just like the wives of the little old men. The children scream just like their fathers over the iggles and phillies. 

I was most impressed by the gorgeous tulips in the middle surrounding what was once a fountain perhaps this spring. I used to babysit near here and my charge liked to come here and use the shared toys that are at the back of the park, they are corralled inside a little fence, but they are for all the children to use. You don't know how many nights I had to drag a crying hysterical child out of a cozy coupe. I get it kid I never had a cozy coupe either! 

I walk by here maybe 4 or 5 times a week, it's always a pleasant part of the scenery.
I just moved to the neighborhood and have spent every walk with the dog navigating a different route to see what's what. We have taken a liking to ending our morning walks by passing through Cianfrani as there is always guaranteed a dog or two for Harvey to greet and play around with. People in the park are almost too friendly, all wanting to strike up conversation and get to know the newest dog in the hood. This is not a problem at all, more so a welcomed change from my old neighborhood and one that I will need to allow more talk time for so as not to be late for work. 

The park could use a little upkeep, spotty grass and big dirt patches are in abundance. If you're just passing through, this isn't really an issue just more of a bit of an eyesore. Definitely a sweet little spot to enjoy either with pooch or solo and one that we'll keep on our neighborhood walk rotation.
Bill's right, there is a yearly festival in the fall, with raffles and a flea market and food - this one lady sells chili and it is really good, make sure to try it. I used to take my puppy here for walks. I prefer the dog park behind Superfresh just because the trashcans here are always overflowing with dog poop (which I guess is better than having it all around the park), and it makes it very difficult for me to control my gagging in order to dispose of my dog's...deposits. Also, the grass is all worn down so it is a complete mess after it rains. Other than that, not bad!
