Cira Green is a neat idea, having a rooftop park essentially. The space has a lot of green grass, with plenty of spots to have a nice picnic. There are also a few benches and chairs scattered throughout the space if that's more your style.

You can bring your own food and non-alcoholic drinks, which makes it a great place for a picnic. The view of the city is amazing from up there as well. The place has public restrooms available for use, as well as their own venue for alcohol and fast food.

The place is overall very clean and open. The grass is maintained quite nicely, and the glass barrier is clean. The restrooms are above average as far as public restrooms go, but definitely still public park quality.

The vibe is very party-like and feels very secure. There are a few security guards around, as well as at the entrance. There's music playing constantly which adds to the party vibe, as well as a huge projector screen that's usually playing a TV show (last time I went it was playing Dawson's Creek) or music videos. Definitely more of an upbeat place to have a picnic, but not a place you'd wanna go to for a quiet, intimate vibe.

Overall, I'd recommend checking out Cira Green on a nice day at least once if you're near Philly. Whether it's just to take a few pictures, or to spend a couple hours over a picnic.
A rooftop oasis in the city! Positioned between 2 Cira mirrored buildings, atop the communal parking garage is a beautifully groomed hidden field of green grass, lilac bushes and young trees that overlook Philadelphia. Sunset views are spectacular!
In the summer Cira Green is open from 6am till 10pm, and right now there is a Sky High Beer Garden on Fridays open from 5-9pm.
There was a long line for the elevator to Cira's Sky High Beer garden on 30th st last night. Because the line was long I asked security if we could walk up the stairs but they said no they did not want people walking through the parking lot. So we stayed in line and it went by pretty fast!
The elevators are large and there were about 10 of us in it, when you get off at the top floor you have to cross the parking lot, walk up the ramp to the green, wait in line to show your ID & get a red bracelet. Now you are up and you will spin around with your mouth open in amazement at the beautiful view! For drinks they have a ticket table set up on the Walnut st side, and a big tent and line for drinks on the opposite side. I highly recommend giving your partner a pec on the cheek, your drink request and then reclining on the grass and listening to the live band while you wait for your order :) 
Cira Green opened last year, and is just across the Walnut street bridge on the University City side of Philly. While you are walking across the bridge, if you look up you can see the Cira Green glass railing and often people milling around up there. 
When the beer garden is not open, anyone is welcome to come up, there is no charge. They have security always on duty, making sure the place is safe and clean at all times. Also no playing ball! But they did have a sandbag toss game last night at the beer garden. 
Last year we brought a picnic up there with the kids. Weather you go for the beer garden or just to relax, definitely check it out! Highly recommend the summer sunset views at 8pm!
My husband and I went out for a long stroll around the city on Labor Day, and one of our first stops was Cira Green. To be honest, I didn't really know what to expect, but I was very pleasantly surprised by the beautiful, well-maintained space. There was hardly anyone around on such a gorgeous day, so the park felt like a fun secret between the few people who were enjoying some time there. 

The views of the city are absolutely beautiful. Because of the building's proximity to the Schuylkill River, you get the river views as well as the skyline views in all directions. 

I hope to get back soon and I plan to bring a picnic along!
I've been to Cira Green a few times over the years as I have a friend who worked in the area and we met up there after work a few times.  More recently I attended a meetup event with a group of 30 people.  This is a beautiful go to space for any event.  If you want to read a book, meet with folks, play with children, and have a date this is the place.

The park has usual park hours and there are events there often during the summer.  The most recent event was a rooftop block party sponsored by Sunset Social.  There was a live DJ and a performance by Lady Alma.  There were groups on towels, chairs, or standing and dancing.  All the while with a beautiful view of the city of Philadelphia in a rooftop park.  It couldn't get any more beautiful than that!

The grass is well manicured, the high rises standing tall creating the view, and looking below by the glass barriers you can see the city moving below.  To top it off, food and drinks available for purchase from Sunset Social.  Great place and deserves every bit of 5 stars!
PRO TIP: Get here early for the Friday Beer Pop Up Gardens (open through the end of June) so you only have to wait in 2 lines instead of 4!

Line 1:
Take an elevator up to the 11th floor of the parking garage (if you're later than 5:15 on a nice day you'll have to wait in a line for the elevator). 

Line 2: 
Walk through the parking lot to another ramp where you may have to wait in line to enter, while looking out at how much open space there is (the Green in Cira Green)

Line 3:
Wait in line to buy drink and food tickets $3.50 per ticket, 2 tickets buys you a drink (select beer, wines, signature cocktail-a bourbon drink that was decently strong), 1 ticket buys you a water bottle or soft pretzel (this is the only food served here so I'd recommend packing a snack). 

Line 4: 
Wait in line for drinks/pretzels. These lines can get long but theres a decent selection of 4-5 beers and a cider, a few wines, and 1 cocktail. Warning: the bartenders won't be convinced to sell you anything without tickets, we tried.

If you survived this,  you can have your pick of bleacher style seating, grassy areas, or open space to stand in and enjoy the views.

Overall it's a great spot and it's nice that its not SIPS level crowded, but the multiple line situation just seems unnecessary. It was nice to check out but I wouldn't wait in all those lines again if I was later than 5ish. Go early or don't bother.
Love it here!

Philadelphia's vertical neighborhood has the best of everything. The space is a public rooftop for all to enjoy - and it's well cultivated with greenery for days!

The rooftop is located on top of a residential building, but access is open for all through the ground floor. The building is right across the I-76 S ramp and usually you can find parking right before the on ramp starts which makes the access to Cira Green that much better! 

After ascending to the top you'll find on one side picturesque views of the city-scape - makes for a great sunset - and on the other side is the 30th Street Station. Since the area is enclosed in plexi-glass throughout it's perimeter, you're comfortably able to view the trains and buses as they go in and out of the station.

Restrooms are also available right on the rooftop, which is awesome - allowing you to stay on the rooftop and continue to enjoy the ambiance.

Bring a picnic, or attend a beer garden (usually Friday's during the summer) - either way plan to stay awhile. There's even a spot cut out for your canine friends to lounge around, what more can you ask for? Can't get enough of this little urban oasis!
On a Sunday, late spring afternoon -- I grabbed my picnic blanket, book, & journal and headed to Cira Green's rooftop park. It was a nice day to just relax outside.

I found street parking and used the meterUp Parking app while I was at the park to extend time (if needed). There's also a garage you can park in.

The park is lovely to be on a building's 12th floor. Cira Green is a spacious sized area with flat surfaces, some hills to view the water/skylines, there's a tent (looks like it's used for events too; they were preparing for one when I was there), also chairs and tables to sit at, chairs to lay out and lounge, you can take in the scenery of the park from different angles or watch the film that's playing. There's also a section for dogs to play. The park had a good amount of people when I visited: many professional photographers and people taking pictures at the park, friends hanging out, good place for a date, a few kids were also there too. It was also comfortable to be at Cira Green solo!

I ordered a burger, tots, and a pre-made cocktail from Sunset Social that was more decent than expected. They have a good selection of alcoholic beverages and food at this spot.

Pretty much laid out and just enjoyed nature for a bit. Cira Green is pretty cool!
This is the ultimate green space. I sometimes come here after a hectic day at work or during my lunch break, especially on a beautiful sunny day, to get some clarity and peace of mind. It's a beautiful, often desolate green space with lots of room for a great picnic or a lie in the grass. It's a relatively quiet spot, and the views and people-watching are top-notch from up here. Bonus: sometimes there are cute puppies.

Ideal times to visit are midday to enjoy some sunbathing, and sunset to see the stunning reflection off the skyline. It's on top of a parking garage ($4/30 mins, $8/hour) but your best bet is to steal a metered spot on Walnut (which on Sundays are free!) or take the MFL to 30th St.
Horrible place if you have a dog. No signs to say "no pets," just extremely rude and belligerent employees yelling at you to leave all of a sudden. 

I imagine this awful eyesore of a parking garage got its tax credits of sullying our waterfront by being "open" to the people with its "green" roof.  This was a wolf in sheep's clothing and I would view any of Brandywine's future projects with the apropos hesitation and public input. This isn't their city to destroy, it's ours to build up. I will be engaged in scrutinizing any of their future endeavors through the proper political channels.
Breath-taking view in University City! A must go-to to see the wondrous Philadelphia skyline. Don't miss it as you walk by in the middle of 30th and Chestnut St! You'll walk in the parking area where you can take an elevator up to the 11th floor for a grand view of the city.

I came with my boyfriend in the beginning of January... And can I say we were human icicles up there? Despite the harsh wintry weather, we enjoyed ourselves nonetheless. 

In my opinion, day time or during sunsets are the best times to visit if you want bright blue skies or golden rays of sunlight to be reflected on the buildings of the Philadelphia skyline. 

Hours: 
Winter, Spring, Fall 7AM-8PM
Summer 6AM-10PM
Really fun place fo visit on a nice weather day with a date or a group or a squad. Can be crowded but they have some decent food options but it's a great spot to bring your own snacks and have a picnic! CHECK how WINDY it will BE.
Cira Green's Rooftop Beer Garden sparked a debate for me. At what price do you pay for views of skyline views of the city?

I'm thinking the lines after lines that others previously mentioned, may not warrant a visit to this particular beer garden.

We waited outside on the street to hitch an elevator ride upstairs. This was the longest line of the day, which lasted about 15-20 minutes. I'm not sure why it took so long unless they were sharing the elevator with the rest of the parking garage.

At the top of the elevator there was a brief line for ID checks and wrist bands. There was another brief line to buy drink/food tickets. Why beers were two tickets each instead of one specially marked ticket per beer was beyond me. 

The next longest line was for the first go around of beer. Subsequent beer line trips were thankfully shorter. The selection of eight or so beers and ciders was actually much more solid than some of the other pop up gardens in the city. World Cafe Live was the beverage vendor of the evening, so that could've played a role.

Speaking of other things WCL does well, they also had a live band. It was so stupidly windy, it was impossible to hear them by the wall nearest to the skyline.

While there was no formally seating, there were plenty of places to pop a squat. The wall near the skyline had three levels of landings, which made for bleacher like seating. Closer to the west end, there was an amphitheater-like green lawn where folks brought their own blankets and chairs. 

The views were interesting as you got to see the side of the city. I personally enjoyed watching people go about their workouts on the SRT.

Cira Green also offers a spot for a workout series on the roof top including yoga classes. 

All and all, despite crazy winds, I enjoyed my time up there, however it might've taken a little too much work to get to that point.
Pro: This is a beautiful gem of a parklet with amazing views! I'd give them 5 stars for that EXCEPT:  

Cons: Went for the Happy Hour Pop-up Bar last Friday at 6:00pm. Waste of Time!!!! 

Here's why:  We came off the elevator and took our place in line in the underground hallway behind 200 other people waiting to get a "wristband" so they could get onto the rooftop and purchase 'tickets' for a drink.  After ten minutes the line hadn't moved at all. 

The security guard explained the Happy Hour Bar on the Rooftop was restricted to a "500 person" capacity limit and they had reached that limit.  So we had to wait in line until someone else left. It was 85 degrees on a beautiful spring evening, the sunset was soon approaching and it was Friday night at Happy Hour. Clearly, no one already inside was leaving because the line still hadn't moved after 25 mins.   

Some of those waiting ahead of us began to leave, clearly annoyed and expressing dissatisfaction quite vocally.  "Standing in a line, not enjoying anything, not the views, the weather or a cold beer is "f***ed up and not worth it."  After 45 mins. of waiting we reached the same conclusion and left to go someplace else for a drink but unfortunately, everyone else's Happy Hour was over. 

Won't bother to come here on a Friday night after work again until they fix this.
  
Suggestion: Grab a six pack, bottle of wine, etc.. and head to the waterfront with your friends to relax & catch the sunset. 

Suggestion to Management:  Skip the Pop-up Bar concept if you can't handle a crowd OR if you can't increase the rooftop limit, Presell tickets online earlier in the day and when you reach the limit, announce the event as sold-out for the night instead of wasting everyone's time waiting in line for nothing. 

Not cool XPN, not cool. You get 0 stars because you should know better.
It's a pretty great idea.  A park seven stories up on top of a garage.  Grass, trees, benches, plants, and sort of a hill up there.  There is a little burger place up there too.  It was a decent enough burger, and we got some tots too.  We found ourselves there on the Thursday nice to see PhilyBloco play (a Brazilian drum band, you should check them out).  While the space isn't really designed for a show, it was a good time, there was a nice breeze on a warm day, and it was nice to party a bit with the skyline in the background.  

I can see this being a great spot for people who work in the towers next door.  Keep a blanket in your office and go to the park for lunch.  

There is even a little dog park in there. 

It would be really cool if more garages did something like this.  I wonder how difficult that would be.
There are some pros but definite cons of this park. 

Pros: great views, clean, security guards

Cons: no shade, not allowed to play (saw two guys playing frisbee on the grass get chased away), can be a little isolated and have to go through a creepy parking garage to get to the park. 


It's a nice addition to the neighborhood and a beautiful space but keep in mind the above drawbacks.
This outdoor roof top spot, located on top of an 11 story parking garage is part of a residential building but is free to all, if you don't count the parking fee which can get pretty costly. I would recommend parking on the street instead. Cira green is very spacious and dog friendly. Good for picnicking, chilling with people, tanning, studying, etc. There's a little cafe you can buy food and (alcoholic) refreshments from as you enjoy the views, or enjoy the entertainment on the two large projection screens they have as well. A nice and peaceful spot if you just want a get away from the hustle and bustle for a bit.
Philly's first elevated park, which may not seem like a big deal since there are several areas in Philly that are elevated and give you a nice view of the city. The difference here is a view from across the Schuylkill River so you can see Philly from a different angle all together! This does not seem like a dog friendly park although there are no signs.  Check the weather before heading up, if it's windy it will be chilly up there!  There's a convenience store in the building next door and nice restaurants with in  walking distance located in University City.
This is a great spot to relax and chill with friends and a cute date spot. My friend also threw a birthday party here that was fantastic. The staff were very helpful throughout the planning process and during the event. I felt safe and comfortable with most of their COVID precautions but didn't like the fact that we requested that the catered food be individually packaged but it was served buffet style instead. Still a had a great time. Wonderful views of the city and lots of picturesque greenery.
I wish we could just review the company that hosts the popup beer garden, but I'll put the review here.  Still a 4.  I love coming here for lunch during the day, but it was a nice change of pace seeing the sun set here and watching the city lights turn on.  You really can't beat this view.  Overall, still a fan of the place and will continue to visit back.

As for the beer garden itself, that's probably a 3.  They have some kinks to work out over the next couple of weeks.  For attending only the second one, it wasn't half-bad, but the logistics of the place need some reevaluating.  For one, we got there only around 5:20 PM and waited in a line on the ramp that leads up to the park and could clearly see how non-packed it was (the park is sizeable).  Great, we'll get right in, we thought.  Wrong. We then proceeded to wait in this line for 20 minutes before someone finally asked what the hell we were waiting for.  I guess the pseudo-bouncers had a counter and were saying it was at capacity, like it was some kind of nightclub.  Give me a break.  After 20 minutes, they took our IDs, gave us wristbands and let all 30-some of us in anyway.  Maybe try and get over here for like 4:30-5 if you wanna get right in.

Then we had to get in the SECOND line awkwardly tucked away in a corner for drink tickets.  Wasn't too long, thankfully, but I paid $14 for 4 tickets which equaled...2 drinks?  Okay.  Why not just have one ticket equal one drink?  Well apparently water or a soft pretzel (the only food they offer) is 1 ticket, which works out to about $3.50 a bottle/pretzel.  Ridiculous.  We actually had to throw away our own water bottles before we even entered the place.  So I anticipated only drinking 2 drinks, which I hate having to plan but whatever, and got the 4 drink tickets.  Luckily 2 tickets meant a beer, wine or cocktail.

Then we got in a THIRD line at the single beer tent.  These lines were long, but luckily moved fairly fast (about 10 minutes).  Drink selection is small which is too be expected for a popup.  About 5 craft beers/ciders, a pre-mixed cocktail and wine.  PRO TIP:  they take credit cards for the drink tickets, but bring cash if you want to tip the bartenders.

I got an Austin Eastcider Pineapple - delicious.  Wine came in those small plastic cups but honestly still easier to justify than essentially $7 for a can of beer poured into a cup.

Live music was a nice touch, but also annoying as they placed it directly behind the long beer line so we all had to shout over one another.  They could've put that in a different area farther away from the lines.

After all was said and done, there was still plenty of seating and areas to take in the view and it was nice relaxing on the grassy hill with a beer.  Grass was a little dead and overgrown, but nothing bad enough to ruin my time.

Also, the bathrooms were very clean for a public park.
No shade whatsoever and the elevator is broken so I had to haul my ass up 12 flights of stairs in 90 degree heat to get to it.

Regardless, the views are spectacular and totally worth the exercise (though they really should get that elevator fixed PRONTO - note: it's also a very unassuming entrance, behind the OCF coffee shop and inside the parking garage).  I did see them installing another set of elevators or some type of other glass encasement, so it seems like there's still a few things that are works in progress

Green space to cement ratio is nice.  There's grass covering about 90% of it, which is really refreshing from other parks in the city, even if it is that fake turf.

I felt like I was somewhere completely different up here and somehow the sounds of the city disappeared.  It was very peaceful and nestled in between two high rise glass buildings, Cira 2 and the FMC Tower.  A little weird considering people live in there, so you've got a bird's eye view of everyone in the park, which I guess is actually kinda cool even if it's not all that private.

I will definitely haul my ass back here on my lunch break since it far surpasses the Porch at 30th with its views and 'above the ants in the city' feel.
Cute little rooftop park in u.city. You can see the skyline and river view which is awesome. There's some beer and frozen drink selections, nothing super special. They have a huge projector that's awesome to catch a game with friends while enjoying being outside.
This is an amazing rooftop beer garden, you get to see a fantastic view of the city while enjoying beer/wine. Some days, they do salsa here :)
This is a rooftop park in downtown Philadelphia. It is pretty cool and the first one I've ever been to. 
It is above a parking deck attached to some buildings. I imagine it's close to some other things to do in downtown. 
It would be a good place to hang out or have a picnic but be warned that some places can get really sunny. 
At the time I went the park was playing The Office on one of the walls with a projector, I thought this was a pretty cool touch. 
If ever in Philly Check it out!
Would be fantastic if not for the noise from the television playing shows that no one is watching. Now music is blaring! Sorry gotta leave! It steals from the beauty of this urban green space. A real shame.
What a cute little park! Located on top of a parking garage near Drexel is this (seemingly) hidden gem. Two friends and I packed a lunch, stopped at OCF downstairs and grabbed a cold brew and headed to the 11th floor rooftop. It is free to get in but the parking garage cost 8 dollars (we were there about three hours on a Saturday, pretty reasonably priced). They have an elevator to the top and then a few steps to get on the roof. The views were great and it wasn't overly crowded! Great place to go and read a book. They also have a movie screen with something playing at the top. I'll definitely go here again soon.
Yay!

This is a cozy little rooftop space where you can enjoy some views of the city and enjoy a fresh breeze that can only be achieved once you've floated up a good distance away from the heat-absorbing asphalt.
This is such a cute hidden gem! If you're looking for great views of the city or you want to go on a cute picnic, this is the place for you. You can order food and drinks or you can bring your own. This is definitely one of the most picturesque places in Philadelphia! Anytime I have friends visit, this is one of the first places that I take them to. I love this place so much! They also have a dog park so you get to see puppies!
Equipped with a fenced-in area, plastic bags, and a lot of space to run around, Circa Green is my favorite place to take my dog on a quick walk. My Frenchie loves it, especially when there are other pups around.

The best time to go is during summer months when the Hamburger restaurant is open and movies nights are open on the lawn.
This is a really cool dog friendly park. The views are amazing and I really like the 50 ft tv being up there. We plan on going back for their eagles party this Thursday. I'm sure it'll be a great time. 

We also got burgers from their food stand up there. They were really good as well. 

They also serve beer, wine, and some frozen drinks.
I have been here twice and I love it! It was so relaxing and it isn't crowded at all. The grass is soft to lay on and have a picnic and the views are amazing. Even on a pretty hot day there are some breezes to be felt. And it also has clean bathroom.s available. Really great open space!
AMAZING ! Great for any event. Pictures come out great looking. Great food, atmosphere, and spacious.
Great little addition to the University City area! This urban park is on the 11th/12th floor of the Cira Green building located on 30th street between Walnut St. and Chestnut St. It has a breathtaking view of the Philadelphia skyline and you don't have to travel far to see it if you live in the city. 

The park is free for all visitors and there is garage and metered street parking close by. Although it was super cold when we went there, it was still worth it to check it out! I can only imagine how nice it would be during the Spring to Fall season :) 

Great place to have lunch, catch a nice view of Philly, and just hangout with friends :) I'm really feeling this urban park concept and I hope there will be more that pop up!
Wow, what a great place! Beautiful views!
And, while many places would just allow that to be the only draw, the food, customer service and drinks were great too!
What a lovely space! Great views, with some seats, open lawn space, and a spot to buy food/drinks. I enjoyed a lazy weekend afternoon here relaxing in the sun with a beer, and already want to return! It seems like a wonderful spot for a picnic, or even a couple hours with a book. Overall, such a nice place to relax and feel like you're removed from the city for a while.
Awesome public space in Philly with open seating and picnic options. If you have a chance to take a few minutes to hang out here, it's worth taking in the views and enjoying the space. 

There is also a giant screen and burger spot for those who may want more structured activities.
We just visited this place in March. Only about 10 people or so within the 30min we were there. Felt like we had the place to ourselves. No obnoxious drunk ppl or crowds. 60 degrees.  My dog loved it...he could roam free. Will go back again!
What a cool place to hangout! It was easy to find and we had a great time having a picnic on the lawn socially distant from other people there! I think you're allowed to bring food but not drinks so we went all out, having ourselves a picnic in the sky! After eating and taking some nice pictures, we got warm drinks and went under the tent to heat up! It gets a little cold and windy up here in the fall, so i recommend bringing a blanket or sweater or both! I love how they have the big screen for movies and watching sports! I bet it's even nicer in the summer to hang out in the sun!
Cira Green is a decidedly different kind of park; it's actually situated above a parking garage - this is a concept I've never seen implemented anywhere else.

There's lots of space for gatherings here; there are also a number of lounge chairs, a snack shop and even a big screen for showing movies :-)

When we visited here it was early in the morning on a weekend and there wasn't much going on, but the views of the city you'll see make riding the elevator up to the park totally worth it!
A pretty & functional park in West Philadelphia. It is atop Cira Green on the 12th floor and open to the public.

We went for a BBQ social event & enjoyed a couple of hours in the sun and cool breeze.

It's pet friendly (enclosed space) & child friendly with activities and games.

You can bring your own food & drink or purchase some from Sunset Social (drink prices are not for the faint hearted).

What a nice oasis in the city.
Wonderful rooftop space in the city! I was surprised to find this rooftop bar especially because you enter via the parking garage. It seems to be a popular spot for Upenn events but you can just come on your own without a reservation to grab a spot on their green. They have standard drinks like seltzers, wine, etc but they also had some frozen specials we were able to get during HH. 

We ended up grabbing a seat near the green space to get a view of the city but there are other chairs you can get as well. Awesome space to walk around and very unassuming to find a view like the one you find here! Come early as well so you can watch the sunset and the cotton candy skies.
