I lived much of my life in and around Washington, DC. Growing up, I was familiar with Baltimore and Annapolis and vaguely aware of Richmond, but I rarely, if ever, thought of Philadelphia. 

Of course, I knew it was up there, somewhere north of us, but if you'd asked me to say how far away it was, I'd have guessed a few hundred miles.

I'd have been wrong.

From the door of my last DC apartment to Steve's Prince of Steaks on Bustleton Avenue, Philly is a three hour drive.

Philadelphia is closer to Washington than are the beaches of Delaware, Maryland and Virginia - places where I spent most summers - but for as long as I lived on the East Coast, there was just no reason for me to know that. No one I knew ever mentioned Philadelphia.

As a fan of Washington's sports teams, I knew of our opponents, the Eagles and Phillies (no one I knew ever mentioned hockey, either), but the same disconnect existed: I had only faint awareness of those organizations' connections to a place on the map. They were just teams whose noisy fans showed up to watch them lose, and then they all left town.

None of this is meant to suggest that there's anything wrong with Philly, itself. It's just that East Coast city-dwellers, when asked asked to name a town other than their own, are likely to say, "New York." Or, "Boston." Possibly, "Chicago," or, if they're worldly, "Miami." But seldom Philadelphia.

However, as I say, I was wrong about Philly's location, and, as it turns out, I misunderstood its importance and appeal, as well. 

In 1997, I met my Beloved. She'd grown up in the city's Frankford neighborhood, a real North Philly girl, eating woorter ice and loving the Iggles, and giving nary a damn about Washington or New York (except to boo the Giants), and more aware (and disdainful) of Dallas than she was of any of the cities I'd known in my youth.

We eventually married, and our occasional trips to the East Coast included visits to Philadelphia, where, happily, I learned to admire and enjoy the place. 

In the parts of the city that interested me the most, I found old architecture that resembled what I'd known further south, but less polished-up for rich people and tourists. The section of DC I once loved is now largely overrun by carpetbaggers and trust-fund babies, but actual people live in Philadelphia.

And the city has a quirky, interesting social culture which unashamedly demonstrates its authenticity.

Philadelphians speak our language, but faster than we do, and with an accent that renders them unintelligible to the unpracticed or impatient listener. "If you don't understand," their position seems to be, "listen quicker." Fair enough. I'm all for anything that makes people use their brains.

Moreover, within the city's limits, you'll find some of America's most outstanding food. 

In December 2019, for instance, I enjoyed the best meal I'd eaten in years at trendy Fishtown's Lebanese restaurant, Suraya. I'd eat there every week, but you know... 15-hour roundtrip flight...

What's more, along with the city's ubiquitous soft pretzels and roast pork/broc rabe sandwiches and cheesesteaks and the aforementioned water ice, its restaurants also offer the best Italian-American cooking served outside Rhode Island, as well as an array of home-cooked regional dishes from Asia, the Caribbean and Eastern Europe, among other places. Good luck deciding between those delights. You can't. I've tried. You'll just have to keep eating until you've worked through the list.

Finally, regarding the residents' famous crankiness:

By now, everyone has heard that fans at an Eagles game once booed Santa, but you may not know that going into the halftime break, the "Santa" who was scheduled to appear was a no-show. His replacement, Frank Olivo, was a skinny 20 year-old fan who'd happened to come to the game wearing a Santa suit. 

The Eagles' entertainment director pleaded frantically with Frank to fill in. The kid agreed, but of course, he didn't know the routine, and, when the boos started, thinking that was just good-natured teasing, he teased back. He got pelted by snowballs for his trouble. 

Thus began Philly's legendary reputation for rudeness, one that has grown darker and less fair with each reiteration. 

Don't believe it.

You'll never meet people prouder of their town, or happier to share what they love about the place with strangers, cheerfully and enthusiastically, which is to say, as quickly as you're willing to listen.

And one more note about that football game: as the day began, the Eagles' record stood at 2-11, and at game-time, the temperature was in the low 20s, with wind gusting to 30 miles per hour, yet 54000 people showed up to watch.

Philadelphians are nothing if not loyal.

**********
Steve's Prince of Steaks on Bustleton: https://www.yelp.com/biz/steves-prince-of-steaks-philadelphia?hrid=PSoRD22OEocqSjbYKjI24w

Suraya: https://www.yelp.com/biz/suraya-philadelphia-2?hrid=R2TBGyyDaCq0LwWsjiElYA
We the people... one of the most historic cities in America!

We enjoyed the few places we saw during our short visit to the City of Brotherly Love and I will never forget the places we toured. Although the Gettysburg National Military Park was our main reason for coming to PA we couldn't leave without visiting Philly! It was an incredible experience for me with its rich history and relearning what was taught during my U.S. history class. Although we planned most of the places we wanted to visit we had an impromptu change in our itinerary and we came back two days later to include a tour to the Eastern State Penitentiary Historic Site (always a plus for us when we can include a chance to take a haunted tour) and while in Philly we had to see Rocky's statue and climb the Rocky steps, of course, right? From the State Penitentiary we walked through the neighborhood of Fairmount to get to the Philadelphia Museum of Art. 

Never mind that Philly was considered one of the most surprisingly dangerous big cities in America at one point... we felt safe where the tourist sites were and enjoyed seeing these places in Philadelphia: 

Liberty Bell Center
Independence Hall
Congress Hall
Eastern State Penitentiary Historic Site
Rocky Statue
Rocky Steps

Our schedule was chaotically hectic and had only one meal in Philly. After digesting all of the history, we made sure we saved room for some classic sandwiches at a deli called Parkway Corner Deli... grabbed a few sammies before heading back to Virginia.

... and that's how we roll.

Review #1291
"I'd like to see Paris before I die... Philadelphia will do."―W.C. Fields

Dear Philly, 

I feel I owe you an apology. I had some misconceptions about you before my visit and you proved me wrong. I know it's bad to let other people's stories skew your point of view, but I'm only human and it happens. I am sorry. Could you find it in your heart to forgive this ignorant Cali Boy?

I found the "City of Brotherly Love" to be just that; all the people we talked to and met were ridiculously nice. No less than four different people all recognized us as tourists and asked if we needed help finding something or somewhere. Now, it is possible that this was all due to everyone being on cloud nine after the recent Iggles win in Super Bowl LII. But there's no sure way to tell. 

I loved the architecture, the sense of history and the feel of downtown. I also loved that the City provides a nice strong police presence downtown as there always seemed to be a cop on foot patrol nearby―SF and Baltimore need to take a page from this playbook. This police presence made us feel comfortable and confident walking around and even made their Local Outdoor Enthusiasts behave very well.

I can't wait to come back and explore more of you Philly. The area by the Art Museum looked extraordinarily beautiful and I never did get to pose with the Rocky statue. Next time, Gadget...

Until we meet again, Philly. All the best. 

Warm regards, 
JD
When my daughter was running marathons I spent two days in 2009 in Philadelphia. We went to the Philly Marathon where she ran her first marathon. I spent my spare wandering around the area near our hotel. I had so much fun I've always wanted to return. At that time it was clean and bright. A lot of historic monuments with names I didn't know. I did make it a point to see the Rocky Statue and have my daughter get my photo. 
We went to see the Liberty Bell and to the famous Reading Market (if I remember the name correctly). I took some photos along the way. Naturally I saw the Love Sculpture. 
It's really is very easy to get to Philadelphia from NYC on the train. We got off the train and it was a short walk to where we were staying. Our hotel was really nice and close to restaurants. We did take a cab ride to eat at Ralph's. The night before the Philly Marathon Ralph is prepared for the carb cramming of the runners. The food was out of this world. The cab ride was an adventure.
The city does a great job with the marathon. It is still my daughters favorite. We had a great time. I'm still dreaming of the day I can return.........
Awesome. Overwhelmingly awesome. Every single time. 

You've got all the essentials  - how can I even cover all the museums (Phil Mus of Art, Rodin, The Barnes Foundation, Poe House...) scenic waterways (Schuylkill, the Delaware, etc) and bridges, an excellent transit system (SEPTA), WONDERFUL corner bookstores (cats included) but there's more...

Something so magical about this geographical location - this city. Don't know whether it is my photos of that incredible City Hall or this chocolate ganache filled chocolate Liberty Bell from Shane's talkin' but... I'm in 

LO
VE

I'm a couple states away in my own magical place...yet, my thoughts keep drifting back to cheesesteak. And a Thomas Jefferson biscuit ala "City Tavern." It's a sweet potato and pecan biscuit - TJ's favorite recipe. I'd had the place bookmarked but after a local on the plane mentioned it...I finally went. Nothing like drinking out of a pewter-looking goblet and dining at a historic tavern in one of our country's most historic towns. But the thing is: (haha, and even though I had the corn chowder...) the tavern isn't too corny nor touristy. 

That's the way citywide - they manage to pull off the history without it feeling dated, forced or "overload." Our modern life of smart phones and satellite nav seems to seamlessly synthesize with cobblestone and horse drawn carriages clip-clopping past Independence Hall. The actual Liberty Bell there stands to my right. I've never seen it before at night. Another "ahhhh" feeling of awesome. Overwhelmingly. 

My uncle, the constitutionalist...he would be proud. Proud that Philly speaks to me and I hear it. 

What's that I hear too?... 
It's faint. 
I hear it. 

"Yo Adrienne!"
The City of Philadelphia was everything I dreamed of! The architecture is stunning, the people couldn't be nicer, the City is easy to navigate, and the food is freakin' delicious! Planning a two or three day trip to Philly? No worries! I've put a list of must-do and must-see below for your review.

Make sure to do the touristy things early in the morning--and I mean REALLY EARLY. Head over to the Independence Visitors Center and grab an early timed ticket to the Hall of Independence, which is less than 5 mins from the Center, very convenient, right? Within the area don't forget to check out the Liberty Bell. If you get there exactly at 9 AM or before, you can take a picture by the Liberty Bell without anyone in your photo. Other sight places around the area: 
-Betsy Ross House
-Benjamin Franklin Statue 
-Elfreth's Alley is America's oldest residential street, with 32 Federal and Georgian style homes.
-National Convention Center 
-Rittenhouse House
-One Liberty Observation Deck

THE BEST SUNSETS: Philly has some great rooftop bars in the downtown area. Don't worry, they have heaters outside during the winter season. Two of my favorite places for a gorgeous sunset view would be the Benjamin Franklin Bridge, one of the two inclines left in Philly, and the One Liberty Observation Deck. Trust me- you will definitely thank me later. 

BEST PLACE TO STAY: If you're anything like me, you like to be in the center of EVERYTHING, including good a$$ food, right? Well, if that's the case, book a lovely King Room at the Downtown Philadelphia Marriott located on the 12th street right in front off..Yup, you guessed it! The Reading Market (told you I had to be right in front of the food places). Also near many happy hour restaurants; Did someone say Macy's?! Oh yup, I'm there!

I spent 3 amazing days in Philly and can certainly go back for more! 

Until next time, Philly!
I need money in my cash register. I need to hire a cashier who's like "Hey Fox, allow me to Fill-the-till-for-ya." Because pens are pretty veiny, but my pencil's veinier.

Now Bruce wants to talk:

I was bruised and battered I didn't care what I ate
I was unrecognizable to the Amish
I was full from a John's Roast Pork sandwich and I
Needed hot pretzels and lemonade
On the streets of Philadelphia

What Bruce knew, and what I know, is that Philly is one of the best food cities in the US. It's also got so many great neighbourhoods from Chinatown to the University district to South Philly with its maze of tiny narrow streets with intimate terraced houses that remind me of old-school Brooklyn. This area is a pleasure to drive or walk around.

Philly is an incredible and underrated city with a gorgeous skyline and bridges. Being so close to New York is crippling, because the comparisons are impossible. Philly is much more comparable to Boston, DC and especially Baltimore, and while in many ways Boston is the best of the four, and in a couple of ways DC or Baltimore might be, Philadelphia overall is the greatest of the four cities, and undeniably, unquestionably has the best food.

But don't for one second think that Philly has the best food of the four because of Cheesesteaks. If you come to Philadelphia looking for cheesesteaks, you're doing it wrong. The sandwiches in Philly are probably the best in the USA, but the Cheesesteak is not one of the sandwiches in question. And there's a lot more here than just sandwiches.

Nevertheless, if you simply must get a Cheesesteak, and I understand, then you must not go to Pat's or Geno's. I mean, sure, drive by there to see the overdone 24-hour neon. You can even buy one if you want to taste just how bad, how bland, how awful, how touristy, a sandwich can be. There's not one self-respecting Philly local who eats at these places. If they do, it's the same type of citizen that lives in NYC and eats at McDonald's or Shake Shack (same thing). Don't be a sucker. Don't be a shameless tasteless tourist. Go to the real places.

While Pat's & Geno's are the lowest of the low, most Cheesesteaks in Philly are mediocre. Some of the better ones are D'Alessandros and John's (Roast Pork place). Skip Tony Luke's completely. Grilladelphia of Fishtown used to be the best, but they moved to the booeys after 10 years in the wilderness and are now off the radar. There is one amazing cheesesteak left: it's at Joe's King Of Steaks. They also happen to make the best banana shakes. Make sure you use their condiments bar in the back to improve your cheesesteak even more.

As for the rest of the sandwiches:

1. John's Roast Pork - w/spinach and x/sharp provolone - one of the world's best sandwiches. The Pork sandwich is the real star of Philly. It's what this city should be famous for and this one is the best one.

2. Tommy DiNic's - inside Reading Terminal Market (RTM). Get the pork with broccoli rabe. Second only to John's.

3. Nick's Old Roast Beef - get it with gravy and x/s provolone. Probably the best roast beef sandwich on earth.

4. Grill @ Smuckers - also inside RTM. Get the Pot Roast sandwich. Omg.

5. Cheesesteak at Joe's as I already described.

6. Chicken Maroush at Saad's by the Universities.

Others: Prosciutto at Chickie's Deli, crazy sandwiches at Paesano's.

And there's a lot more than sandwiches in Philly:

7. Miller's Twist - inside RTM, with the greatest hot warm gooey pretzels, perfect homemade lemonade, and incredible chocolate shakes, all made fresh by the Amish.

8. Tamalex - for excellent Salvadoran & Mexican food, especially the Tamales.

9. Franklin Fountain - very overpriced but delicious ice creams.

10. Pop's and Italiano's - two incredible water ice stands that sell Philly's invention: water ice, and gelati (mixed with layers of delicious vanilla custard). Summer perfection.

Also try a lemon & sugar crepe from So Crepe, a Kati Roll from Spice End, cheap Korean at BAP, Bieler's Donuts in RTM, Nan Zhou for Chinese, and the Dutch Eating Place.

Best food of Philly (not complete yet)
https://www.yelp.com/list/usa-pennsylvania-philly-philadelphia
Best sandwiches (same)
https://www.yelp.com/list/usa-pennsylvania-philly-sandwiches-philadelphia

The only negative about Philly is the poverty. The juxtaposition of the poor to the rich. The travesty of the war-zone-esque streets of Camden just across the river, while people out in King Of Prussia live in luxury. But welcome to America. Philly is a microcosm of it, but it's a beautiful city full of character.

And don't try to eat all the sandwiches back-to-back. They're pretty hefty. Which is why they're sold in Filling-delphia.
Philadelphia is a miserable place. Take it from me. I grew up there and went to school there.

Reason #1:
The people are nasty. They won't hesitate to spit right in your face, curse at you or attack you. It is a violent city. I did not know one happy person there.

Having grown up there, I thought all people were like this and that this is basically - Hell On Earth! But then I moved and discovered that I was wrong and that Philadelphia and it's "lovely" people are a rare minority.

Reason #2:
It is always raining or snowing there. The place is freezing in the winter which is 6-7 months of the year and it is oppressively humid in the summer. 

And... to coat it all, is a generous layer of filth. There is trash everywhere, and it smells like urine and exhaust fumes. The place is disgusting save for some very select areas (like old city) but even there it is still moderately gross. 

I wish I had better things to say. The only good thing I can think of is - I am NOT there anymore - and I don't miss it a bit.
Every tourism ad ever made presents their hometown metropolis as a pristine, shining city on a hill offering their visitors the best in culture, restaurants and second-to-none tourist friendly experiences. Unfortunately, anyone who regularly travels the Northwest Corridor knows that sanitized depiction is simply advertising eyewash.

Most cities along this route are knee deep in myriad forms of urban blight (crime, filth, poverty) that any intelligent visitor should be mindful of - Philadelphia is no exception. When there are billboards exhorting residents to curb gun violence you know the rules of the road are don't be stupid and be aware of where you go and how you get there.

Philly's a tough town but also a resilient one. Sure, the video of Santa being pummeled by snowballs at the old Veteran's Stadium is a hard clip to live down but their restaurant scene is vibrant and extends far beyond Rittenhouse Square... you could throw a dart in Fishtown or anywhere along East Passyunk Avenue and have a great meal.

Personally, I'm a history guy so Olde City is my speed. Independence Hall plus the Constitution Center by day and a Phillies Game by night (in deference to my don't be stupid guidance, I never wear Mets regalia.) And please don't sleep on the Franklin Institute or The Terminal Market as both are worth the trip.

I know organized tours get a bad rap but hopping on for an hour or so can set you up for areas or attractions you might want to visit later. Any decent hotel can recommend a good one.

In this time of closer-to-home travel, Philadelphia always works. There's plenty to enthrall you but be smart and keep your eyes open. An easy five stars. Just watch out for the snowballs.
This is a banner day for me: the review you're reading is #200 for yours truly. Hurrah for me!

But enough about moi - this one goes out to our fair city. Because without you, Philadelphia, I wouldn't have much to Yelp about. And, in turn, I wouldn't have a job. So thanks a million.

How do I love, thee, oh City of Brotherly Love? Let me count the ways:

I love the amazing diversity of the citizens. I adore the fact that people from all over the world call our city home, and for the most part, we make them feel welcome. (Or we shoot them, but I don't love that, so moving on...)

I love the strange vocabulary that exists within the 215...until I moved here I had never heard the words "jawn," "jeff cap," "scrapple," or, my personal favorite "youse guys." And don't even get me started on the pronunciation of "warter." You wacky dudes crack me up.

I love that people are so into their sports teams. I have yet to meet anyone who actually plays for the Eagles, Phillies or Flyers (although I'm pretty sure I've gotten a lapdance from a former Eagles cheerleader, but that's a story for another time), yet at least once a day I see people wearing the jerseys. Oh, wait...maybe that really WAS Donovan McNabb in line behind me at Trader Joe's the other day...

But most of all, I love defying people's expectations of what this city is really about. We get a bad rap and it's just not fair. Philadelphia is filled with good people, good food and good cultural experiences. Our museums are first class, the universities are excellent and our parks and open spaces are a gift. Sure, there's plenty to bitch about. In fact, that's one of the things we Philadelphians do best! But today, I put my arms around our city in a loving embrace and whisper sweet nothings in your ear, because other than the time I was carjacked (and that time my wallet got stolen. Oh yeah, there were those 3 times my car got broken into, too...anyway...) Philly has always been good to me. So hold me close, oh Philadelphia. Feel the love I have for you. Just don't shank me, please.
Was it Opposite Day when the misnomer "City of Brotherly Love" was given to this place? Was it meant sarcastically? Was it given in the hopes that one day you might actually aspire to be something more than the jerks that you are?

Not only was this THE dirtiest city that I've ever walked the downtown streets of, but man oh man, are you people RUDE. Every single person, except for the Greek street vendor that made my cheesesteak sammich, was nasty, abrasive, hostile, arrogant and mean. And I'm thinking this was a good day.

I had originally planned to spend more than a few hours here, but after dealing with you guys, I beat hell outta here for the safety and comfort of NYC. Sad, but true.

On a side note - women of Philly - pantyhose? Really? I have not seen so many women wearing shiny pantyhose since the mid-1980's. I guess I can understand some of your attitude then. I'd be bitchy if I had to wear that crap, too.
Philly! I learn so much about you every time that I come here. Not going to lie, one of my favorite things when coming into the city is the big blue bridge that we have to cross! 

Every year, my friends and I come up here for Labor Day! The Made in America festival has taken our interest every year since 2015. We always stay in the Downtown area even if it's a hotel and airbnb. If staying in the Downtown area, one must know there are not really a lot of food places open. So plan accordingly. 

One of my favorite things about the City of Philadelphia is the Gayborhood. So much art and great vibes. Also, so many great Brunch spots! 

Just know the city is full of hustlers, so many businesses on the street and also small mom and pop shops. One day, my friends are going to do actual Philly stuff like .. go to the Rocky steps and the Liberty Bell. However, for now it's our Labor Day weekend get away!
I am so impressed with the city of Philadelphia! My main reason for coming to the City of Brotherly Love was to run the Philadelphia Marathon on Sunday, November 23, 2008, and I had a fantastic time during my five-day stay. 

The city is well-organized and truly a "walking city", so it was easy to get everywhere on foot since we stayed in Center City. I was warned about many areas being unsafe, but we never encountered any. The people I talked to were warm and friendly. And you certainly can't beat the historical attractions in Philly, or the wide variety of ethnic cuisine. 

Yesterday, before we left, we were already talking about coming back again. Thank you, Philadelphia, for a wonderful experience.
My fiancee and I both made our first visits to Philadelphia recently to attend our friends' weddings. Our friends coincidentally got married less than a couple months apart, so we made two separate trips here in a short time span. We came away from Philly with a different impression of the city than before we visited. The people were nicer, the city was cleaner, and there was more to see and do than either of us expected.

Before we visited Philly, multiple people gave us negative or "meh" opinions of the place. It's dirty. There's not much to see. Some went as far to say it's a s***hole (even from someone who used to live here). Also, as a sports fan, I know Philly fans have a reputation as being some of the rudest and most obnoxious fans around. We didn't attend any sporting events, but the locals we interacted with at the hotels we stayed at, the restaurants we dined at, the rideshares we rode in, and the venues we visited were mostly kind and friendly, sometimes exceptionally so. This was the case both in the city and out in the suburbs (Plymouth Meeting). We did run into a couple bad apples (cashier at Tea Do in Chinatown and one Lyft driver), but they were the exception, not the rule.

As far as stuff to see and do, there was plenty. Philly is like a mini New York or a mini Manhattan. Here, I'll count down my top 10 highlights/favorite things we did in Philly. Our friends, who are locals, as well as wedding guests we met, who are also locals, and another friend of mine, who used to be a local Yelp Elite, recommended most of these spots to us. Great recommendations.

10. Visit the Asian Arts Initiative in Chinatown North.
https://www.yelp.com/biz/asian-arts-initiative-philadelphia

9. Eat kati rolls at Masala Kitchen Kati Rolls and Platters.
https://www.yelp.com/biz/masala-kitchen-kati-rolls-and-platters-philadelphia

8. Brunch at Sabrina's Cafe.
https://www.yelp.com/biz/sabrinas-café-philadelphia-40

7. See Elfreth's Alley.
https://www.yelp.com/biz/elfreths-alley-philadelphia

6. Eat a Philly cheesesteak at Jim's Steaks South Street.
https://www.yelp.com/biz/jims-steaks-south-street-philadelphia

5. Visit the Liberty Bell Center, Independence Hall, and Benjamin Franklin's Grave.
https://www.yelp.com/biz/liberty-bell-center-philadelphia-2
https://www.yelp.com/biz/independence-hall-philadelphia
https://www.yelp.com/biz/benjamin-franklins-grave-philadelphia

4. Eat Israeli food at Dizengoff.
https://www.yelp.com/biz/dizengoff-philadelphia

3. Check out Reading Terminal Market.
https://www.yelp.com/biz/reading-terminal-market-philadelphia

2. Visit the Morris Arboretum of the University of Pennsylvania.
https://www.yelp.com/biz/morris-arboretum-philadelphia

1. Walk the Benjamin Franklin Parkway and visit the Philadelphia Museum of Art to see the Rocky Statue and run up the famous Rocky Steps.
https://www.yelp.com/biz/ben-franklin-parkway-philadelphia
https://www.yelp.com/biz/philadelphia-museum-of-art-philadelphia
https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-rocky-statue-philadelphia
https://www.yelp.com/biz/rocky-steps-philadelphia

The city is very walkable and Lyft/Uber rides aren't expensive either. In general, I found prices to be quite reasonable in Philly, from our lodging to  the food. As the birthplace of America, it's chock-full of history. If you've never visited Philly because you had the same impressions I described in the first two paragraphs above, you should reconsider. You might be surprised.

Oh, and for my No. 1 entry above, what can I say? I'm a huge Rocky fan. :)
Now this is a story all about how
my life got flipped turned upside down
and I'd like to take a minute just sit right there... 

I'll tell you how I took a road trip to the town of Philadelphia!

By no means was this my first trip to Philly. I used to go all time as a little girl when I had family in the city and of course on school trips to the liberty bell and all that other selective American History hoopla. 

This visit was different because I'm an adult with a more mature perspective and outlook about things. (That is, when you disregard the fact that I quoted the theme to the Fresh Prince to start this review. Lol) 

The trip started with a planned visit to the African American Museum (check out Groupon for deals) and then just see what else we wanted to get into while in the city. That lead us to the Philadelphia Museum of Art for the Christian Dior exhibit and other great exhibitions (check out the tea house), the rocky monument and steps right in front and of course a cheesesteak. A chicken cheesesteak, that is, from Cleavers. No trip would be complete without something sweet and that lead us to Federal Donuts.

Philly has plenty of things to do in the city even if you only plan for 1 day. It is easy to navigate and I enjoyed all the street art (morals/paintings) on the side of so many buildings. I wish I was able to stop and take pictures of them as well as the great architecture.

Like NYC and many other major cities, Philly has traffic, parking struggles, and a bike sharing program that takes up the already limited parking spots. They also have the bureaucratic geniuses that decide to do construction and road work @ the most inconvenient times and need to allocate funding to help the homeless. 

Overall a great city to visit with something of interest for every and anybody. 

Just A Note:

The city of Brotherly Love was built on the backs of Brothers... it's not just Black History... it's Our History... it's America's actual History!
My hubby and I both like Philly. But first read this review from my Yelp friend Zinat M,. Very funny. http://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=OR4CL6OCZJyWUt29H0u1dQ
Philly has great Amish food. http://www.uwishunu.com/2012/08/the-2012-pennsylvania-dutch-festival-hits-reading-terminal-market-august-9-11-with-delicious-amish-food-live-bluegrass-petting-zoo-buggy-rides-and-much-more/
 One of the few things NYC does not have! And Reading Terminal Market.http://www.readingterminalmarket.org/
 I got a scholarship to Philadelphia college of the Arts. http://www.uarts.edu/
Now it is University of the Arts. I went to a performing arts high school and they came in to recruit and gave me an official scholarship in the dance department but at the time only male students and African Americans could get full scholarships since I was neither I had to pass and I chose to dance professionally before going to school since a dance career is short lived shorter lived than an NFL career. But I go to see shows there as I have a friend who is a choreographer in Philly. We grew up together.
The NY Times called Philly the 6th boro. http://www.nytimes.com/2005/08/14/fashion/sundaystyles/14PHILLY.html?_r=1
It is such a short drive to Philly closer than going to many upstate NY towns.
Like all cities with a good arts scene there is a lot of crime. http://www.cnn.com/2012/02/11/us/philadelphia-violence/index.html

    Philly is  Very affordable compared to almost any major city in America
    Philly is  Near to major USA hubs such as NYC and NE, along with good transport links
    Philly has  major universities and several major healthcare systems (UPenn, largely thanks to the healthcare division, is the largest employer in the city)
     Philly has  a wide diversity of `cultures', people, social groups, scenes, and neighborhoods.

My friend says it is boring for him. That is surprising to me. But he thought it would be a lot  more fun before he moved there,  But because of the arts there are many social groups for him and anyone interested in socializing. They have their own pretzels which are great soaked in butter! 
Philly cheese steaks probably what they are most famous for
. Here is a list of foods Philly is famous for. http://www.cityofphiladelphiapennsylvania.com/2011/05/what-food-is-philly-famous-for.html
I like the pretzels the best! But Philly has it's own style of pizza! Unlike Chicago or St Louis it is pretty good! I do not know why it is not more famous! 
 It gets colder then NYC in the winter! http://philadelphiaweather.blogspot.com/2011/02/brutal-reminder-of-winters-reality.html
And summer is not a great time to be in Philly.It is not as humid as NYC but still has that city nasty air or lack of it that we have in NYC.  But you can easily drive to the South Jersey shore from Philly easier than driving from NY with less traffic.
Here is an article about why Philly is better than Brooklyn from Brooklynites who moved to Philly. http://brokelyn.com/brooklyn-vs-philadelphia/
With only a 5 star rating scale I don't know what to give it. No city is perfect. My favorite city in the world is Honolulu. In the lower 48  it is San Fransisco then San Diego. I am not a fan of cold weather. And I can't give Philly a high rating due to the crime. But it still has flavor. NYC has pretty much lost most of it's flavor or essence. For that I give Philly 3 and half stars! But for the crime and cold weather I have to take off 2 stars.
Review #500! To boldly go where only Dave H. And Cherie C. have gone before (at least as far as designated Philly Yelpers go). When you reach such a milestone you have to go with something fairly significant. So what could be better than the city that made it all possible?

For the good, the bad, and the ugly Philly has been my city for the long haul. I've been the little kid scrapping along The Philadelphia Zoo and Please Touch Museum, the teenager picking up glass pieces down on South Street when he looked significantly older than he really was, and the elder following around the music scene with a passion and sharing many a ridrunkulous night a McGlinchey's and several other spots. And after living in Rittenhouse Square, The Italian Market, and West Philly, I can honestly say that the 215 has been good to me overall.

There have definitely been things that I have hated. Septa could be a lot better, there's not too much to do after 2am, and don't get me started on the ridiculous alcohol laws. But I love the extraordinary people that I have met (a fire-breathing sword swallowing clown, a one man band punk rocker named Toothless George, and all kinds of exciting writers, artists, show promoters, and musicians to name just a few), the incredible art and music scene, the ample amount of indie coffeehouses, and the many adventures that I've been on. I also enjoy silly words like jawn, and the fact that Philly has one degree of separation (talk with someone from here long enough and you'll eventually find out that both of you have at least 3 mutual friends).

So with a place like the City Of Brotherly Love I should (probably) be able to get 500 more reviews in no time. Here's to you Philly, here's to you!
I give it 4 stars.. I love Philly.. It's a short drive from my neck of the woods and during the holiday's they really step it up and make the city really pretty and I love the little shops..  But... Can anyone do something about the bums and homeless people....??  They are literally everywhere and they are sleeping on manhole covers right in the middle of the sidewalk, lying everywhere they can find a spot.  And the beggars..  I don't think I walked 50 feet without being harassed for money.  I also go to NYC quite often and if they can clean up their city, so can Philly..  The city of "Brotherly Love" needs to step up their game...
Unimpressed.

I went to Philly for the first time, and I didn't have any preconceived notions of what it was going to be like, but when I got there I was like damn this is disappointing.  

It looks a lot like Michigan, except it's not flat, and it's so dirty...I couldn't believe the amount of litter and trash that just lay about everywhere.  They don't even clean the deer off the roads and move it to the shoulder when they are hit - there were just deer carcasses everywhere.  Maybe I'm used to a higher standard of living, but you know I get offended when people always talk about how dirty and dilapidated Detroit is...to me Miami is more depressing and Philadelphia...damn I'm just disappointed.  I went there expecting nothing and I still left feeling just a little robbed...
Philadelphia. Philly. City of Brotherly Love.

I completely dig this city.

Now taking the train in, I did have some moments of, "wow, hello Brooklyn", but then I remembered that this is a real city, and that I actually like Brooklyn and the rest of NYC/Chicago etc...

HOWEVER -- once I got in to the city and started walking around and exploring I was overwhelmed with the history, the architecture -- nearly everything.

I was amazed at City Hall.  I literally stood there looking at it for quite some time, and ended up taking like 100 pictures of it -- no joke.

The parkway (Benjamin Franklin Pkwy) is reminiscent of Paris' Champs de Elysees with it's wide borders trimmed with flags, monuments, fountains, gardens and museums all over the place. The public library. The Franklin Insitute. The Family Justice Center. The Philadelphia Museum of Art. The Basilica of Sts. Peter & Paul, Love Park, and more. 

The architecture is diverse -- Baroque, Roman, Greek etc... it's mostly all represented in various places.  The Basilica literally took my breath away when I went inside. It so easy to find yourself walking all over the place exploring. I had very little time outside the conference hours I was in Philly for in the first place -- but covered tons of territory because it was so damned interesting.  

Olde City and the Independence Hall district -- surreal. Standing in the room where the Declaration of Independence was signed. Amazing. Seeing the birthplace of our country. Filled with intrigue.

And the food -- the few places at which I ate were ALL off the chart good -- Hershel's East Side Deli, Pat's King of Steaks, Tommy DiNic's, Foodery -- even the TGIF I went to (I was really cold and it was close) was extremely good.

There's alot about the city I don't know about or haven't experienced yet -- but I want to go back and learn more!
I lived most of my life in Philadelphia and have traveled around the U.S and world there's no better place to be than Philadelphia! The city of Philadelphia has so much to offer first let's start with its people. You can be who you want, do what you want (legally that is) and live in Philadelphia freely to enjoy that right. On the surface when you go around the city it is sectioned off by cultures, race, the arts and other various categories. This may seem like segregation but it can be looked upon as a beautiful thing.  When you go to South Philly and you find all of the beautiful delicacies in the Italian market or go to Chinatown to find, all of the Asian options of food and culture that you could ever imagine. The Gayborhood with fashion, food, acceptance and fun. In Center City the Arts, Entertainment and all of the food options your palate can stand . Go to anywhere on fifth street north or south and you'll find the heart of every community of various countries and creeds. Uptown this is where you find Jazz, Reggae, seamstresses, big church hats, hijabs, Koreatown and the Famous Central High School. Downtown The Eagles, Sixers, Flyers, Soul, Union and now the Wings! 

We have the best colleges and universities in a great location. Are we perfect not by long-shot but, we are damn close to it!
I live in dead center NJ. 45 Min to NYC and about 1:15 to Philly. 
How come I can get to Philly for FREE but into NY for no less then $20? 
I like Philly a lot. I tend to spend weekends here for birthday's more then anything. The whole city is cheap. Drinks at bar's are cheap, food is cheap, hotels in center city are cheap. It's crazy. I always wake up with cash in my pocket. 
Reading Terminal Market is worth the trip alone.
Hit China town.
Run the Rocky steps.
Ring the Liberty bell....well maybe not.
FUBLE Diaries : Episode 2 

Time to meet the Alaskans (names changed to protect the innocent). 

Dean is a native Alaskan Aleut. A reformed bad-ass, Tatted up, ripped and outgoing. Hes also a family man and was raring to go for this boys weekend. 

Mike is also a big dude but not ripped like Dean. A real estate broker by profession, but has also been an amateur ultimate fighter and has thought of giving it all up to be a professional poker player. Hes the only single guy in the bunch and from living in Alaska where there is 1 girl for every 5 guys, has pretty good game. 

Jason worked with both Mike and Dean and is originally from Alaska. He currently lives in San Antonio Texas. Another Perk of this trip was that he was reunited with his Alaskan buddies. He is engaged with 2 children. He also has a bad arthritic condition which forces him to walk with crutches, a fact which is forgotten almost immediately after meeting him. 

The plan for this rainy Saturday was to see some of the sights of Philly. Based on their hard partying the night previous, I wasn't sure if they would make it. After the Triple H morning of Hurling, Hot Coffee, and Hair-of-the-Dog, and much apologizing they were somewhat ready to go. Once Jason christened my front steps, we got on our way. 

Its funny to hear what outsiders want to do when they come to Philly. It basically comes down to 2 things...cheesesteaks and Rocky steps. What was the big draw before that movie came out? 

The weather wasn't great and that combined with Jason's inability to walk long distances made alot of the sight seeing a driving tour. We did get out near Independence Hall and I have to say that I love the new parking kiosks, that replaced meters. No more trying to get change, you can even use a credit card, and buy exactly the time you need. Id love to find out if you can move your car and still keep your time or if the kiosk is street specific. 

We saw the Liberty Bell and I Hall, and I was surprised that Dean had come here on a class trip from Alaska. That's a hell of a hike for a class trip! On the way to the Rocky Steps (really the only thing they cared about) I pointed out City Hall, and Eastern State, which they loved, but time constraints kept us from going. 

We were able to park for free near the Art Museum ( I love Fairmount!) and we busted out the FUBLE ( our Fantasy Football Trophy as explained in Episode 1) for some photo ops. 

They loved it, and it was funny to watch a couple of hung over guys, trying to traverse the steep climb. They were gung ho when it began but soon started feeling the burn. Possibly, they needed Mickey behind them pushing them on. 

The Highlight of this excursion (and possibly for the day) was when we waited in line to get our picture taken with the Rocky Statue. This is not an official function of the Art Museum. There was a man who took your camera to snap some pics, but it was soon clear that he wasn't affiliated with the Museum and actually had a pretty good racket going. He takes a few pics with everyones camera and gets a little tip afterwards...win-win. We waited in line with our spray painted toilet seat, ready for our close up. When it was our turn, we posed and held the trophy with pride. Feeling a little self conscious and not wanting to give the impression that we were insulting Mr Stallone, we announced that it was our Fantasy Football Trophy, to which everyone in the queue clapped and laughed (mostly the guys). I still think our photographer didn't get it because after snapping a few pics, he uttered the line that will stay with most of us for a long time..." OK guys! now a few more...without the toilet!" 

" A few more without the toilet" indeed. It was a fitting epitaph for or Philly sight seeing.
We had high hopes on ending our vacation on a fun, educational note here.  VERY DISAPPOINTED with the overwhelming number of broke, non-functioning exhibits.  Parking was distant and overpriced.   Icing on the cake:  We received a nice little going away present in the form of an automated driving citation that we can't dispute from 1,000 miles away.   Great job, Philadelphia.  Feeling your "brotherly love".
Wow, Philly, you were quite the surprise.  My husband and I really have a love for American history.  Add in the fact that there are some National Parks and Historic sites for me to get my passport book stamped (geez...I really am a dork) and we decided Philadelphia would be a good place for our next trip.  I admit, it was kind of more of an obligation destination than anything.  We have been to DC, Boston and NYC, it was almost like now we have to do Philly.

But I'm SO glad we did.  I am completely in love with this city.  The food scene is crazy good, the historical factor is off the charts, and the people are amazing. I read a quote on a visit Philly web site that said: 
We're neighborhood people. And that's what Philly is: neighborhoods. That's why this all works.

I totally felt that and it resonated with me.  I love the blue collar scrappy feeling, that underdog but we don't care vibe.  Probably because it reminds me of home, Detroit.  

If I had to list my favorite Philly experiences I'd have a hard time narrowing it down to just a few.  Obviously make sure to go to Old City and standing in the room that the Declaration of Independence was signed in.  Go see the Liberty Bell.  Go to Love Park and take the obligatory selfie.  Tour City Hall and marvel at the architecture and the views from up top.  Learn as much as you can about the people who shaped this city, this nation.  We took a walking tour with Urban Adventures through South Philly and the Italian Market and it was defiantly in my top favorite experiences.  I highly recommend it for getting a true feel of the people and culture of South Philly.

Depending on how long you are in town for, you can venture over to Camden NJ to see the USS New Jersey and visit a fun aquarium.  You will get the best shots of the Philadelphia skyline.  Wonder why the skyline isn't that impressive with lots of sky scrapers?  Ask about the curse of Billy Penn, some fun loving sports fan will be sure to fill you in!  I also recommend a day trip to Kennett Square.  A visit to Longwood Gardens for the fountains is a must.  Kennett Square is a cute little town with shops and a pretty decent brewery.

Don't be like me  - Philadelphia is not an afterthought or an obligation to check off of your East Coast vacation list.  It really deserves to be a vacation destination because it has so much to offer.  By the way, it's very walk-able and completely safe.  They also have a decent transit system as well.  Go.  Explore.  Learn.  Have Fun!
"The Streets Of Philadelphia"... this song kept playing in my head, when walking around this city.  For those that know me know that I love me some history. If you want to learn more about American history, this is one of the best cities to come for that. Places to visit: Independence Hall (formerly Pennsylvania State House), The Liberty Bell, Washington Square Park, Ben Franklin's home site & gravesite, The US Mint (see how coins are made), The Betsy Ross House, National Constitution Museum, 1st & 2nd Banks of the US, The Federal Reserve and so much more! The unfortunate downside of a lot of these landmarks and museums is that they close between 4pm - 5pm, so get an early start. If you love the Rocky movies, run up the famous steps from the move and snap a pic next his statue. If you love art museums, they have plenty, so take your pick and make a day out of it. If you just love big cities and walking around 'em put on your walking shoes and take-off by foot. There is so much to see, just plan your days and you'll get to knock out a lot! For the most part, the city is pretty clean. Not much elevation here though, if you are coming from a city that has a lot of it. So, don't worry about trekking up any steep hills like San Francisco. Use Yelp and the bookmark collection feature help you keep organized and see all this city has to offer!
Filthy, congested, and a ton of homeless people with mattresses in front of the store fronts and everywhere.  I felt like sanitation has to be a major problem all around there and I just was not comfortable the entire time.  Some things are cool like the old buildings and the brick streets however it is just overrun with people and I have no reason or interest in visiting again.
I've traveled to a lot of places within the US and overseas.  There's many cities where I can say I've been to, and would fondly never return.  Philadelphia is not one of them.  I actually am looking forward to coming back, and visit sites that I missed on this trip.

I came here to see my Anaheim Ducks play the Flyers at the Wells Fargo Center.  We came as a group from Pittsburgh to Philly, and went back to SoCal the next day, so we had really 3 hours to play tourist. In that short time, I enjoyed my touristy experience, and would like to come back and get a true flavor of what the city has to offer.

In the 3 hours I was there, we hired a driver to take us to:
- Independence Hall/ Liberty Bell
- Betsy Ross house
- Reading Terminal Market (I could have stayed there for hours!)
- LOVE park
- Rocky steps/ Rocky statue
- Pats and Geno's steakhouse
- John's Roast Pork

It may not be a New York City, but there's a lot to do here, and there's also a lot more to eat here than the Cheesesteaks.  I can't wait to give this city another try.
Philly, I have mad love for you. You stand our on your own, don't try to be anywhere else, you have your own unique style. Being a native NYer, where I know nothing compares, I can appreciate the treasures of this city. It's not spread out... there's a very happening culinary and arts scene... diverse people... a laid back attitude (city w a lil bit country in the mix sounds more apropro)... beautiful views... clean streets... I will say though, the cops in Philly need sensitivity training and a minimum of a high school education. And this is not going on personal experience alone. Here's how my day trip went down... drove through old town, went to Franklin Inst and parked at an all day lot for 8 buckaroonis. Loved FI cuz i'm a science nut: planetarium show, Galileo exhibit from Rome, human heart tour (loved it even tho it's mainly for kids!), Race exhibit - so clever!. Then walked to Mutter, they closed at 5 so I headed over there at 3ish. Absolutely loved it!!!! Saw it all in an hr bc had company waiting, but would've loved to have stayed there longer. It looks and feels like a traditional museum, smells and all! Then walked down Market St towards Reading Term Market, where I ate til it closed down! pierogies, cookies, Bassetts, cheeses.... yummm. Headed over to South St. and went to Jim's for cheesesteaks. The line going out the door had us waiting a good while, but in the end it was worth it. Still want to try Dalessandro's though. Walked down the street, toward's Penn's landing. Walked back, headed into a bar for a Phillies game and $2 Yveling pints. Drove by the boat houses at night, Museum of Art... was truly beautiful. Left at mid night for Allentown to visit a cousin. Nothing to do there really. All in all day in Philly, a huge success and am planning for the next trip. Will def catch the Museum of Art then. Thanks to all fellow yelpers of Philly for the great suggests! If ya ever come thru NYC, holla :)
First off, I have never seen any dead deer carcases in the road. 

Second, every city has it's dirty parts. NYC is the only place I've ever seen a homeless man remove his pantaloons, and take a dump in front of an office building, at 3 p.m. in the afternoon. Never seen that in Philly. Count one for us.

Third, this is the only city that is made up of little neighborhoods and you actually know people you pass on the street everyday. Besides the few streets near Liberty Place, you can look up and see the sky.

Fourth, I'm pretty sure I've never been to a city that had one of the nation's largest parks bordering it, with a team of morning rowers rowing down a large river INTO the city, with lit-town homes dotting the river into the city, with an amazing run along the river and between trees moments from downtown, with a boat as a restaurant, tons of tiny BYOBs and mom and pop shops, scooters everywhere like Rome because our streets are actually ridable and ...oh yea...we were first to have Buddakan.

BBBBBBBBBBBBBAAAYYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!

Please e-mail me if you EVER see a dead deer carcase in the city. I have to see this.
I really like visiting this city because it has the historic element that is so cool and it also has the modernization of great restaurants and bars. I was in town for a little over 24 hours and hit up 4 great bars that I have to recommend in the Center City area. 
El Vez has great Margaritas and their guacamole is crazy good. 
Graffiti Bar is very cool because it is down thus little alley walkway and out back behind a sister restaurant which is where their awesome food comes from. 
Assembly Rooftop is great because you can see some great sights even though the drink and food are a bit pricey. You get what you pay for and the view is great. 
City Tap at Logan Square has a warm a cozy feel and the food is upscale bar food with a nice presentation.
Besides the food. It is a great city to take a long stroll through. There are historic buildings mixed in with modern glass buildings. There are parks even in the city and people watching was fun. I just don't understand why there were so many people who seemed homeless who wander into traffic and try to disrupt the public. Usually in big cities have homeless people who really mind their own business and keep to themselves.
Great city to visit but don't count on parking spaces.  Plus, beware of the mass amount of ticketer walking around and on your tail at every corner.  This city is out to get your money!!!  It's why I stop visiting and go only every few months now.
Overall, you gotta love Philly.

The mayor may suck, the the government may be corrupt, and the potholes may be plenty. Ultimately the people of Philadelphia make the city what it is.
Philly time!

When in this city, it was very patriotic and prideful for me!  

I got to explore the history of he American revolution and take a picture with the re-known Liberty Bell!  Independence hall was right next door and the whole city promoted patriotism. 

It was reinvigorating and instilled the US citizen proudness in me.

Not only was it Philly time, but all the P's - proud, pride, patriotic city and state!
Not my favorite city I've ever visited. And I agree with the many other unhappy people who have decided to park their cars in that city. They WILL find a reason to ticket you even if they have to make up reasons. 

And if you happen to have an out of state license plate your chances of getting a ticket increases significantly. Probably because they know you're not going to wait around to dispute it. It's easy money for them, which is probably tied to certain mafia organizations. Don't believe me. Do a little research.
As a disclaimer, I read other reviews prior to writing my own to get a more balanced opinion of others to go with my three day weekend visit to downtown and Phillies Stadium.

Highlights are the history in this city for sure along with Reading Terminal. A lot of historic buildings and events are Philly grounded. We were able to only see them this trip from a tour on the ducks which was actually well worth it in my opinion for $29 and in 90 degree heat. Good overview of the city including hitting the river for a spell as well.

I guess this is big city mentality but the people here will literally just run over you while out on the streets and not even blink. I have been to most major cities on this side of the USA and cannot remember this phenomenon in others. Maybe there is I just did not note it but here it is ingrained. (I am NOT a small person either)

With all the construction and the high number of homeless in the city it did seem below average in the aesthetic area. Why so many homeless on the streets is beyond me? No where to house them? Way more than we have seen in other major cities.

Had some decent grub at Reading and Ladder 15 but the rest was at the ballpark for this trip.

Just like New Orleans has the Po-Boy, Philly Cheesesteaks are good most places and a must in the city. It's all about the bread.

Not sure if I would plan a trip back here but if business or something else brought us back I would hope to see more of the history and the food scene.

And get Jiggy Wid da humble Will Smith. Bought my mom a home on the outskirts of Philly, Try to flex on me, don't be silly.
I live here for a damn good reason.

I came to Philadelphia for college because I didn't think I could afford to go to New York. Despite our second-rate opinions of each other then, I now refuse to move to New York (despite working there) because I love Philadelphia so much.

Albeit smaller, Philadelphia has the diversity that gentrification ruined in most major cities. It's the only place that I can think of where I can have conversations with people of all groups in my day, and pay it no mind.

We have affordable living, a wealth of culture, and as Yelp clearly shows, some of the finest eats, drinks, and shopping on the planet. The best thing of all is that the 215 refuses to be jaded. We're just as smart as New Yorkers, just as cosmopolitan (dear god, I'm never using that word again), and we're still faced with reality every day.

Brotherly love seems cliche, but if you do the math and the history, this place was designed on those principles, and despite our litter, deer carcases (which, if you were in the city, those were people... or you didn't get off the turnpike), and any other blemishes, we still keep it TRILL... and for you squares out there, that's truly-real.

Recently asked if I'll ever leave Philly, until I get a job I can't refuse in NYC or I move to Tucson, Arizona with the woman of my dreams... I just might not. And I don't need a skyline tat on my arm to prove it.
The city I hate to love. lol. There is no place like home. Philadelphians are nice and full of vibrant colors, cultures and great taste from all over. Must visit and stay to see all that has to be offered from the city that loves you back. So, cliche right? But Philadelphia has so much to offer. Visit all the sub neighborhoods that Philly has to offer. Great eats and people from all over.

Today, I did the public service of jury duty. Each time I go I get selected as a jury. Entrance through the scans are pretty cool. Lots of officers and people going through the municiple building. The selection process is extensive. The city does a good job of repeating of reviewing questionaires. 

The pay for jury duty sucks bad. $9 does not pay for parking. lol. But its a service that needs lots of people with common sense. Innocent until proven guilty. I can't avoid jury duty, might as well be part of the process.
Dazed & Confused ^_^

Philadelphia is a great city...and people everywhere keep saying it's getting better all the time....It's often called a "city of neighborhoods" because people in Philadelphia identify themselves by what neighborhood they live in....Each one is unique and has something different to offer....Center City (downtown) is lively and has tons of restaurants...bars...shopping... museums...historical sites...theaters..parades...cultural festivals...etc....

A Lot of locals and tour guides said " You will never be bored here no matter what your interests are".... Highlights include ...Independence Hall...the Liberty Bell...Reading Terminal Market...the Philadelphia Museum of Art...and Eastern State Penitentiary....it actually took me less then a day to view all these places... So now what?!? what's next?!? 

Public transportation is run by SEPTA....It is affordable and can only get you to certain places ...although it does have room for improvement...good luck and have fun!
Philadelphia got 2 stars from me for having the best person who has ever cut my hair living and working here, because I love the Kimmel Center and Vietnam (the restaurant.) and because the Philadelphia Zoo discriminates against the handicapped and the elderly.

Your streets are a menace to drive on. What is this crap with parking in the middle,of the street? I realise that parking is limited, but I detest the near misses as I drive by a car that can't be bothered to signal.

Your museums charge extortionate prices for entry. Add the parking and I could go and see a Broadway show in NYC for the same cost. After looking at the prices for ALL of your museums: you can keep them. Nothing beats NYC for museums. They don't try to charge you a days pay just to get in plus the parking fees. And speaking of parking fees, the meters in Philadelphia are insane. And when you have a Handicapped tag on your car, they seem to forget that you get a one hour grace period before they can ticket. I needed not to have to go in and fight that one out.

But you do have the Historic District. Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell and your Paramedics are first class.

I don't live in Philadelphia. I don't want to. But I try to enjoy the food and my haircut when I do drive in, with at least $20 worth of quarters.
Philadelphia, you swallowed up my keys. You smell awful. You're actually kind of lame.

But, I just can't seem to quit you.
We were only in Philadelphia for the day so we decided to used the Big Bus tour hop on hop off bus. We parked in a public garage at 8th and Filbert Fashion District for $24. The week walked a couple blocks to the Independence Visitor Center. Across the street we hopped on the bus for under $40. They make stops at the major tourist areas and the next bus is 20 minutes later. Popular spots are: the Betsy Ross house, many historic buildings from our early founders, and the Sylvester Stallone Statue and steps. Once back to the Independence visitor center across the street, the Liberty Bell is indoors with about a half hour wait.
I lived in Center CIty for 6 years from 2005 - 2011.
I also lived in near West Philly (Univesirty Cityish) from 1991 - 1993 - probably would have given that about 2 stars.

So many classic things to see and do - the Museums, Reading Terminal Market, Italian Market, South Street, Old(e) City, the Historic District.

Philly is on the rise - the shopping, dining and entertainment have all improved even with the recent economic unrest.

Mayor Nutter is doing the best he can.
The only city I've lived in where homeless people can out number paying customers in McDonalds or Dunkin Donuts. I've lived here a year and have already witnessed three people peeing in front of me in person and two shootings within a block of my residence (I live in one of the "safer" districts of the city). The museums are all a fraction of the size of any of the free ones founds in DC or NYC but they still  charge $25.00 - $35.00 for admission and the local bars and restaurants you can find in any large city..... There is also a 4% wage tax if you live or work in the city (higher than New York) and a new sugar tax, despite this tax you still get a pretty high crime rate, rampant homelessness (I've been begged multiple times while sitting in restaurants eating), potholes on every street and a mass transit system focused on center city and UC and pretty much nowhere else that is so far the dirtiest transit system I've experienced in any city.
Okay, everyone gives Philadelphia shit because "we aren't New York". Well New York is not that far away, so if you want to go there get the fuck out of our city. People always like to pick out the worst parts of Philly and make a basic generalization about it. Yes it has parts with trash, we have bums, we have the projects, and their are rude people...but that sounds like any city in this country to me. But just like any city, you need to know where to go. That is why sites like Yelp were created, to direct you to have the most pleasant experience. Philadelphia is a beautiful city with a lot of culture. We have a great music, art, club, bar, gay and restaurant scene. 

We do get called "Filthy Philly", but we wear it with love. Most people who live here are very passionate about this city...case and point. You just have to go to Philadelphia with an open mind and you will not be disappointed. If you get a rude waiter at a restaurant; get the fuck over it and do not think everyone in Philly is like that. Their are rude people everywhere...this is America! We love our city, our tourists, and our people.
What a beautiful city! Beautiful! Of course Im a tourist so it may be far from the truth if you live there but during my short visit, I loved it. So much to do and see and the people we passed along our way were well  receiving and giving of smiles and greetings. We thought the area near the Eakins Oval was insane! People whipping around that circle switching lanes with no signals was nuts!! I mean it was almost like a beautifully orchestrated driving flume of cars. It scared and fascinated me at the same time. 
Some museums were free, some had a cost, the buildings were architecturally amazing. I could have starred at them all day. A great city. No doubt.
Historial sites, world class museums, great restaurants, the Reading Terminal Market, the Macy's light show, the Italian Market, the Mummer's Parade, Rocky, cheesesteaks (and roast pork sandwiches, hint, hint), the Love statue...what's not to like in Philly? The Dallas Cowboys.
City of Brotherly Love!

Where great Amish food, authentic Philly cheese steak, Reading Terminal Market, museums, and a Chinatown that inhabits an authentic welcome gate where New Yorkers flock aside from native Philly Dave H.  Recent visit with good friends for a one day food find adventure enable me to reach food nirvana.  I love their wall mural depicted on building facades.  Albeit, I do contemplate where Fat Albert lies and the status of Bill Cosby's presence in his native Philadelphia that equates to Robert De Niro's visible strong film/acting presence in New York City.
Center City Review:
I couldn't decide between 1&2 stars. The name should be changed to Filthadelphia. Well, it's not the abundance of trash laying around the streets and sidewalks but rather the dirty feel and discolored sidewalks. 
The sidewalks are unsafe. Hey American Disabilities Act please come audit the city. If you do just let me know the shut down date. What a disgrace. If your wheelchair, cane or walker bound be CAREFUL. 

Many streets in Center City smell like a bowl of marijuana. 

There are plenty homeless people too sprouled out all over the sidewalks. 

Many bars and restaurants are closing early. On Friday night at AKA Bar I was told to leave due to last call at 1045pm. 

The streets are ravaged with potholes, broken asphalt and unevenness. Geez. The roads are like ski mogels.
Dirty, awful place with rude, mean people is my opinion. I would never visit or even fly through voluntarily.
Honestly, I didn't stay in Philadelphia too long to really get to know the city. This city has lots of musicals, plays, and concerts. I wish I could go to some of them. I love the red brick houses all over the town. It gives you the coziness and yet it comes with so many history. I was able to visit the city hall. The buildings are old but beautiful. You can bring your children for ice skating during winter or even just to browse the craft fair and farmer's market near by the city hall. 
If you're here during Thanksgiving week, you can witness the Dunkin Donut Thanksgiving Parade. They celebrated 99th year. This is the oldest Thanksgiving parade in our country.
To me, Philadelphia is one of the last truly great big American cities (Chicago being the other), in an era of stratification, inequality and reverse white flight that's seen most urban population centers become overwrought with yuppie careerists and aggrandizing hipsters purveying their homogeneity and gentrification. 

Philly is diverse, upwardly mobile and affordable relative to where I've lived. 

Here are the things I love about Philly: 

1) The people are open, friendly, candid and accessible, and there's a real sense of community here.  Very much a Pennsylvania Dutch collective spirit aka Midwestern vibe, as opposed to the ruggedly individualist (which often translates today to self-centered, narcissistic, disconnected) west.  I spent my first 25 years toiling in the  smugness, superficiality and passive aggression rampant on the West Coast, and it's so refreshing how down to earth and unpretentious people out here have been, at least relative to Seattle, San Francisco and Los Angeles. 

2) The city grid is intuitively structured, so it's easy to navigate the streets, and I can easily get by here using my car infrequently! 
3) Dive bar culture: so many great neighborhood bars full of unique character and personality. 
4) It's much cheaper than where I've lived before
5) It's a young, culturally vibrant city that attracts people still in the formative years of their life, as opposed to repelling them with egregious costs, insane competition and a feudalistic rental market (see: San Francisco)  
6) It's got a pulse without being overstimulating, so it altogether feels very livable 
7) Family-friendly... You actually see couples with children here, which is increasingly rare in a lot of cities 

Anyway, this review is getting ridiculously detailed, but I'm sure I'll have more positive things to rave about in months to come!
Clearly it's hard to write a review on an entire city let alone a major metropolitan city, but as a visitor to Philadelphia for a weekend in late August, I must say I was highly impressed with the city as a whole from that perspective.

Coming from the west side of Pennsylvania, I never heard anything good about Philadelphia. After moving to the DC-area and hearing very positive things for the past 3-4 years, I wanted to visit and decide a verdict on my own. While I still can't say anything good about Philly sports, the city from a culture and entertainment perspective is leaps and bounds above what I expected. I venture to declare that Pittsburgh needs to take a cue from their Eastern sister city in order to create lasting revitalization and attract not only visitors but younger millenials into moving to Pittsburgh or at least not vacating as soon as they graduate from one of the unis or colleges. 

Philly knows how to revitalize a waterfront area and with only one (or is it two?) river they have less opportunity than Pittsburgh does with three. Pittsburgh must take notes here! My husband and I loved the Penns Landing area and the surrounding park. Lots of hammocks, chairs, tables, giant board games, arcades, plus beverages (alcoholic too) and food that won't break your bank account! We loved how they had tons of snack/small meal options from vendors housed in old shipping containers. We got a ginormous bag of Chickie 'n Pete's sweet 'n crabby popcorn for $8. This bag lasted for days and we were able to begin enjoying it on the comfort of a couch along the river. 
TL;DR: Riverfront revitalization-check!

Reading Terminal Market-enough said, hands down an awesome experience and a must-see! Also recommend: check out the Rail Park, a mini (very, very mini) Highline. Usually there is a festival of some sort at Penns Landing-always a nice free option to explore. The world-class art museum is another must see! Be sure to get there by walking down the tree-lined avenue that has all of the global flags. 

We did not even hit up any of the historical sights and still had more than we could fit in to do in a weekend! I'm really a fan of the city from a tourist perspective and will absolutely return! Eastern Penitentiary is a must-see to-do that I can't wait to go back to see!
Been wanting to visit Philadelphia for at least 5 years now. Here I am. 

We are hanging out here in old town. I enjoyed seeing some of the National historical buildings. 

Loving the old cobble stone roads. 

Museums, statues and parks smattered all over the city.
BEWARE OF PARKING PIRATES!!!
We parked in a spot that appeared to be open for parking. The no parking sign was 5 car lengths down the block. After getting Lyft to retrieve car 30 minutes away we noticed there were many other unhappy people picking up their cars. Total scam. Will never visit that transient, trashy city again. 
$251.00 lesson learned....
Bobby Henon 15th District Ciy Council Person SUCKS, he,s done absolutely nothing to clean the neighborhood streets, after reaching out to him for  help with this situation, I was told it would cost too much money to have the streets swept, Well they certainly find money for every other frivilous thing there is, cleanining is something we actually need, ESPECIALLY Torresdale Ave. If he won,t help people he was sworn to serve he needs to step down, right now it seems he,s getting paid to do absolutely nothing.
It feels a lot like a baby New York. Both cities came up around the same time, have had countless historically relevant things happen there, have a tremendous outlet of workforce, natural beauty, things to do, and are all around awesome places to live.
So I'm not into parades or mass volumes of ruckus people a la Mardi Gras but was swayed to give it a try.  The Mummers Parade is a production worthy of experiencing for sure but dodging the weird fallout throughout Philly from the financial meltdown is a skill required while being here.  

There is an amazing array of eating, shopping, and fascination surrounding American history but it didn't bolster my opinion unfortunately.  The homeless are everywhere and abandoned buildings, empty shops, and "bread and circus" can't keep a critical mind at bay.  

What I was most impressed by is the dual fireworks shows on New Years to be honest, much better than most as it accommodates for those with families.  Boston for instance has theirs so late it nearly implies only party animals can attend.

Oh, one more thing, grand-like accommodations are a perk here too if in City Center.  There are very old structures still here providing service and doing a wonderful job servicing business and tourist folk equally as well.
Such a broad category!  Boston and Philadelphia have both been 'amazing' decisions/choices; they are obviously different than NYC, yet I agree with the idea; manhattan has become an 'island of tourists', it's overwhelming, expensive and often grating.  Philly (like Boston) is a GREAT walking city and TRANSIT city.  Any/all food is available.  I would take Philly over NYC, so I like it here a lot.
Ayyeee the city of brotherly love! Usually when people (specifically those not from Philly) think of this city, what comes to mind are cheesesteaks and Rocky, maybe even Creed. But did you know it's the city of brotherly love? Find that brotherly love at incmedia dot org :))
All that soda tax and you can't fix a pothole? Or are you saving all that excess revenue to rebalance my tires, get me a front end alignment, and possibly pay my insurance deductible if I have a bent axle. I'd throw a middle finger emoji in here but I'm sure Yelp isn't as forgiving as Twitter
money grab unfairly. funds from residents, tourists being used to fund badly run city, all programs. several versions, iterations of taxation without representation. Not going back
zero stars. this review from person who was born  and raised in city of Philadelphia.
Wanted: Abusive Partner who occasionally praises you, is good for the occasional good time, and loves really fattening food. That's Philly!

Here's my math:
+5 stars: People are REAL in Philly. If they like you they're your buddy. If they don't like they'll tell you. Plus we love our sports teams! And I really do like the people in Philly! As long as they aren't one of the following:
-1 star: you better pay your meter because if you don't and you blink, the ninja-like parking authority will ticket your car. I'm not making this up - I once went to a guy to get change, turned around and within two minutes had a ticket on my windshield and no one was in sight. 
-1 star: most of the people working for transit or City Hall hate humanity. And the stares they gave me send shivers up my spine...
-1 stars: I had to do business with City Hall to sell my mom's rental house when she died. They were BRUTAL! I saw customers in line get verbally abused! One woman yelled at a plumber because of his grammar! I saw guards telling people to go to the wrong place! One woman looked at a city form I gave her like it was written in a foreign language! I got fined $75 for not closing out a violation twice that had been closed out! I had to make 3 trips, 40-50 phone calls and 25 emails just to get them to close out a $210 problem! I actually needed two drinks to calm down after dealing with the City -  And that's never happened before! I called City Hall to complain - can you guess how that turned out???
I found Philadelphia to be very nice city. I was here on a conference for only a few days, but was able to taste some of the local flavor and enjoy some of the sights. Having lived in California for 3 years now, I find it refreshing to be in a city that is built with stone, rather than wood, and has buildings in it older than 20 years. Americans all seem very impressed with the history here. Me, not so much. I used to live in a house that was built around the time the pilgrims established themselves in Massachusetts. So a 250 year old bell does not really impress me all that much. But this city has very nice pubs, lots of good beer and good food, gorgeous buildings (not all maintained as well as they deserve), and actual snow on the streets! Negative aspects: the traffic is very aggressive (with cars driving through red, and through crowds on cross-walks), and the weather (it was way too cold when I visited).
I miss you!

I can't believe I'm saying that.  But it's true.

I miss the shrimp risotto with gold shavings and the dessert cart at Le Bec Fin; Susanna Foo; Striped Bass; Reading Terminal;  the art museum; the Rodin museum; the cornucopia of food trucks that used to be lined up in University City; Pat's / Geno's after way too many yuenglings (which to this day I am puzzled is not an Asian brewery); having a Grasshopper on warm nights outside of Brasserie Perrier; Ralph's; the Painted Parrot; White Dog cafe; Buck's County coffee; Boathouse Row; Center City; South Street; Manayunk; Atlantic City;  King of Prussia; the Reading outlets; driving way WAY into West Philly for decent Korean grub; the quaintness of old city; the cherry blossom trees blooming in Spring.

What I don't miss:

The crappy salons and shopping; the crappy time in l-school; slushing through snow; my crappy apt. above Roosevelt's.. if there is a god that place should be condemned; that being Asian really meant I was one of a very VERY small minority.
So many weddings today. (Maybe even record setting.) Such a beautiful day for 'em.
Have been exploring the Broad Street Philadelphia area for the last few months each Saturday while our daughter attends UArt school of  performing arts and have noticed an increase in homeless on every corner of the streets. 

This morning there were a larger number of homeless, mostly men roaming Broad Street and when we least expected it, one man pushing his belongings in a grocery cart all of a sudden decided to charge my wife with his cart, slamming her into a building wall.

Initial thought was to take him out of his misery but he was clearly insane and gazed back at us with a mentally unstable look as he wandered off as if this was a normal day on the streets of Philadelphia. 

It's sad how pathetic the streets of Philadelphia has become, especially when the stores, bars and restaurants have so much to offer. 

Food for thought, keep your distance from the homeless and reconsider walking the streets of Philadelphia.
The people couldn't have been nicer, but...... you guys need to clean up the used needles laying around the outside of the building. What happens if someone steps on one and idk gets hiv or something like that? CLEAN UP THE NEEDLES!!!!!!
