Hit the ground running, literally!

So I first heard of City Running Tours (too late, unfortunately) during my visit to Boston last year. In planning for a recent trip to Philly, I decided to see which CRT routes/distances were available during my visit. Ambitiously (or just call me plain crazy), I signed up for two tours back-to-back - the Liberty Bell Group Run on Saturday (the morning right after my arrival) and the Historic Philadelphia Group Run on Sunday. I was hoping for one of the other ones such as South Philly, but that's all they had that weekend. On a side note, I actually did my own Rocky Steps/Art Museum Run 5K later that week starting from my hotel, so all was not lost.

The Liberty Bell Run cost $35, is 3 miles long (although my GPS tracked it as 4 miles total), approximately 1 hour, no bag check available. T-shirt optional, additional cost during registration. This one starts from the Liberty Bell Center on Chestnut, and I gave myself extra time walking there to find the meeting spot. My tour guide was Rich, and turns out I was the only confirmed runner that morning. For the group price, I was actually surprised that they still came out and held the run with just me! Personalized tours start at $60 for 3 miles! From the Liberty Bell Center, we first ran down to Washington Square Park, through Society Hill, Headhouse, to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial, Korean War Memorial, Welcome Park, Irish Memorial, Penn's Landing, Christ Church, Elfreth's Alley, Race Street Pier (there were a bunch of people doing free yoga classes that morning, haha), Benjamin Franklin's Grave, and finished at the Liberty Bell Center (no line) and Independence Hall (outside only). Rich was a really great guide, pace wasn't too fast (conversational so he could tell me about all the places we were running through), and indulged my requests to stop for photos at some of the sites - either on my phone directly, or on his which were e-mailed back to me through his boss. This was a very fun way to preview the city on foot with the help of a guide. It's definitely better than just riding a bus, and better for you (get that blood pumping!). I really enjoyed this 5ish kilometer distance/pace to start my trip. 

The next day, got up early again for another, longer version of the previous run (pretty similar routes, slightly different though). The Historic Philadelphia Run cost $40, was 5.5 miles long, and lasted about 1.5 hours, no bag check. T-shirt optional, additional cost during registration.This one starts at the Philadelphia Runner store on Sansom (much closer to my hotel), where I met up with my tour guide Faye, as well as another guide, Annie, training a potential guide joining the group run to get a feel for it (4 of us total). The other runner who signed up called in sick, so I was yet again lucky (or crazy enough) to be the sole runner for a group price! Headed down Broad/Avenue of the Arts to Pine Street through the Gayborhood to Society Hill, Head House, all the way to Front Street by the war memorials again, up Dock Street back to Washington Square Park, past Independence Hall, Penn's Landing, past Christ Church and Betsy Ross House, Ben Franklin's Grave, westward through JFK "Love Park" Plaza until returning to the running store. Water bottles were provided, given that it was such a long route (5.77 miles according to my GPS) and a hot, humid morning. Only took one group photo at Head House that day, and ran at a faster pace for sure, to cover more ground - not to mention my tour guide was an Ironwoman!  Again, the routes were very similar and some of the sights/facts were redundant, but different tour guides and routes made for a still enjoyable morning run. Tiring yet invigorating at the same time, and you learn a lot along the way,  it's what makes it so worth it though.

More reviews on their TripAdvisor page: http://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g60795-d2044585-Reviews-City_Running_Tours-Philadelphia_Pennsylvania.html
As a runner this was probably the best tour I've ever done for several reasons. 
1. I was outside running from spot to spot- not sitting on a bus. 
2. I could enjoy the beautiful fall weather. 
3. I was the only runner on my tour, so it was easy to ask questions. 
4. I killed two birds with one stone! I got in my morning run AND got a bunch of great Philadelphia history. 

Rebecca who is currently the manager of Philadelphia City Running Tours was my guide. I allowed her to set the pace, as she was the one who was going to be doing most of the talking. We met at 8:30 on Saturday morning in front of Philadelphia Runner and took off from there for a 10k. I showed that we actually did a little father than that distance, which was fine for me. 
We hit a lot of historic Philadelphia highlights, and I got information about each one. 
They offer several different runs in both 5k and 10k distances. I cannot recommend this tour enough if you are a runner. I am excited to do another running tour in another city soon!
A really great experience! The guides were very friendly and accommodating, and really knew their stuff. I did the South Philly run, and picked up a lot of information I didn't know at all. It was a great way to learn important Philly history, but in a way that didn't just focus on the stand-by tourist attractions. Would definitely do another one.
As someone who had just recently landed in Philly, I went on my first running tour through Old City last July. It was a great way to see the city, especially the major landmarks, and meet some cool people in the process. The guide was good about not going too fast (as the point of the tour was as much about checking out the sights as it was about getting our heart rates up), but we still covered some serious mileage.

I got to explore Fairmount and the Art Museum area with my second running tour a few weeks after that. Annie was actually my tour guide for this one, and I thought she was fabulous. The folks on this tour were definitely more athletic, and I was a little intimidated (having only done a couple of 10K races back in California), but Annie was great in making sure that everyone was keeping up with each other, and that we were all having a good time. We got some awesome pics, lots of laughs, and tons of cool facts (seriously Jeopardy-worthy and many still imprinted on my brain)! Plus we looked awesome running up the Rocky steps. :)

After having settled in these last few months, I decided to go on the South Philly tour. Even though I'd seen most of the sights already, it was great to get back to some of the favorites, especially Pat's and Geno's and the Italian Market, and to check out new places that were more obscure and tucked away. It's always surprising how much more there is to see in this city. This route seemed less interesting than the others, but the other folks who were on the tour totally made up for it -- very sweet and totally hilarious.

My last tour (can you tell I'm a fan?) was a recent addition called the River to River tour, which took us from the Schuylkill to the Delaware. I swear I must be improving my cardio capacity, because this tour went super quickly even though it was one of the longer distances. It helped that we got to (randomly) enjoy a re-enactment of the Emancipation Proclamation! Abe Lincoln and all! The strong winds also made for an intense running experience (which I loved).

While I think some of the tours could be tweaked a bit, the distances are perfect, the facts are awesome, and the tour guides are super supportive and knowledgeable. These tours are great for new transplants as well as visitors. I think they'd be great for conference participants, and anyone looking to see the city in a new and interesting and fitness-oriented way! :)
