I have never patronized this company and never will. Let me explain why. A friend of mine booked their Prohibition Cocktail Tour a few weeks back, and near the end of the tour the (white) tour guide, Judy B, tried to offer a piece of theater history by bringing up blackface (incidentally this was the only reference to race in prohibition-era Philadelphia during the entire tour). The guide said that that this practice was not intended to make fun of or dehumanize black people, but to "highlight their talents." She also mentioned that her grandfather used to wear blackface and never meant anything bad by it. All of this flies in the face of countless historical accounts of the practice, which emerged during a period of institutionalized racism in our country and reflected the era's horrific attitudes towards and treatment of black people. Beyond that, and perhaps more importantly, it totally dismisses the genuine hurt this practice did and continues to cause black people. Simply put, the guide was revising history to suit her own romantic vision of the past (and, obviously, her grandfather's place in it).

Fast forward to yesterday, when my friend sent the co-owner of the company an email to explain why she found the tour offensive and alienating as a black person. She also included links to useful studies on blackface so that they could be better informed for next time, or simply leave mention of the practice out of the tour altogether if they weren't willing to talk about it in a way that didn't spread misinformation. This was the response she got:

***

"From: Robert Weinberg robert@cityfoodtours.com
Date: Monday, July 18, 2016
Subject: Question
To: [redacted]

Al Jolson introduced jazz, blues, and ragtime to white audiences and successfully fought for black actors to join him on Broadway.
That's the research we found.
It's a food tour, not a university classroom.
I think you could find much, much better places to explain the history of race relations than a food tour review.
Thanks for sharing your thoughts."

***
I cannot imagine a more smug, dismissive, and hurtful response to a customer who was simply trying to share her opinion and suggestions for avoiding similar hurt moving forward. What this tells me is that this company is not interested in black customers, or in anyone who values being honest about the sins of our past. I got the message loud and clear, and will be sure to spend my money elsewhere.
I kind of feel bad for writing a bad review because our tour guide Judy was wonderful. Seriously, Philly could not have a better tour guide than Judy. She's very proud to be a 4th generation Philadelphian and is very knowledgeable about the city.

Okay so my girl just moved to Philly and my other friend and I wanted to visit her. We were looking for things to do in Philly and my friend (the only that lives in Philly) found this tour in her search. She told us about it and we thought it was a great idea at the time (we all love to eat) - you get to eat at where the locals eat, eat food like a true Philadelphian, explore Philly and etc. 

If you go to their site (http://www.cityfoodtours.com/philadelphia/flavors_of_philly.html); one of the bullet points on their website was:
 - Includes enough food for lunch.
This is VERY misleading. Because of this, none of us ate lunch and we really wish we did (I also didn't have a chance to eat breakfast because I was in a rush to get to Philly from North Jersey) because throughout the entire tour (which was from 1:30PM-4PM) all we kept thinking about was how hungry we were. Yep, you heard that correctly.. Hungry at a food tour!

Let me break down the schedule for you and here are some of my thoughts:
1st stop: Joe's Pizza - Wow the sauce on the Tomato Pie was awesome. Definitely never had anything like it before but unfortunately, I was only able to get half a slice. There was 3 slices split between 6 people. Still starving. 

2nd stop: Philly Soft Pretzel Factory - Had a small soft pretzel and ate it outside like a true Philadelphian but I was not impressed. Auntie Anne's can make a better pretzel. Still really hungry.

3rd stop: Zio's Pizza - OMG finally a real meal! But it was already past 3:30PM. At this point I was so hungry I thought anything would taste good. But nope that was not the case. I have way better cheesesteaks before.. even in Jersey! Also not a huge fan of cheese whiz on the cheesesteak even though I was told by Judy that's how real Philadelphians do it. I would have preferred real cheese. Bread wasn't good either and tasted stale. I think this place is more known for their pizza so I don't really understand why we had a cheesesteak here. There was also fries topped with cheese whiz.. meh, not impressed.

4th stop: The Famous 4th Street Cookie Company in Reading Market - Wow this was a really good cookie.. too bad it was only half a cookie.

5th stop: Flying Monkey Bakery in Reading Market - Got to try a cake truffle here. Yes, a whole one piece this time. A little too rich for my taste. I felt like I was going to get diabetes after eating this. 

I think this tour would have been better if the itinerary was set up differently. They should really start out with the real meal first and then try out all the little bites or maybe just give a slice of pizza to start the tour instead of half a slice. Because of their website, I under the impression that I did not have to eat lunch. Also, most of the historical information was presented before the real meal which did not help either. All I keep thinking about during the tour was when are we actually going to eat an actual meal. Doesn't it make more sense to eat the big meal first and then walk off all those calories around Philly? 

The food overall on the tour was very mediocre. The only ones that stood out was the Tomato Pie and the chocolate chip cookie. I don't think I would actually go out of my way to eat at any of the places we went to on the tour. Would I pay $39 (before tip) to go to one of these tours again? Most likely not unless someone REALLY wanted to do it. Even then, I'd probably be very hesitant to go. I think you're better off just using Yelp to find good bites. However, I did learn some very interesting facts about Philly thanks to Judy.
Truly as good as it gets.  My partner took me on the "Evening of Indulgence" tor for my birthday.  Had an amazing time with a fun and diverse group of people.  We started at a Brazilian steakhouse for appetizers and drinks, all of which were discussed in an entertaining and engaging way.  We then headed to Slate for main courses, I had a wonderful vegetarian pasta, my partner had a hanger steak cooked to perfection.  We ended the evening at the Sofitel where we had a trio of french pastries.

If you are lucky enough to get Robert as your guide (he also happens to be the owner) he is infinitely knowledgeable about food, culture, and anything Japanese.  He also happens to be hysterical and does a great job of making sure everyone is having a good time.  This would be an amazing date night, and an excellent special occasion gift.  Will definitely be taking more of their tours in the future.
DO NOT do this tour unless you feel like getting scrutinized for your every movement! Robert is a complete jerk and very offensive. If Robert actually owns this company, as he claims- STAY AWAY! He succeeded in offending every single person in our group and even the establishments that we visited during our "tour".  He insulted our friend, stating that she wasn't married and has probably been divorced. He refused our bathroom visits and purchases of beverages from the restaurants we visited. Even worse, he has no ties to the restaurants and drops in with reservations and tells the patrons not to order drinks because they "don't have a good selection or bar." Great way to promote the places he is supposedly promoting on the food tour. He's a scumbag. Don't do this tour unless you want to be tortured and honestly victimized by rude comments. Don't waste your time being personally victimized by this inconsiderate asshole who has zero class or customer service experience. 

However, I must say we bonded with the others on the tour and enjoyed the restaurants. Just wish we could've stayed longer at each place and that we were less pressured to 'move on.'
Review for Flavors of Philly Tour on Fri. June 15th

There's more to the Philly food scene than its world famous Cheese Steaks. With City Foods Tours of Philly, our tour guide Judy, was the local expert we needed to learn the history and hidden food gems of this fabulous city.

The five food stops we visited on this day were:
1) Joe's Pizza - Tomato Pie
2) Philly Soft Pretzel Factory - Soft Pretzels w/ Mustard
3) Zio's Pizza - Philly Cheese Steak and Cheese Fries
4) Chocolates by Mueller - Chocolate Nonpareils
5) Flying Monkey Bakery - Double Dipped Chocolate Cake Truffles

Judy kept the tour at a casual pace and we did not feel rushed at anytime. Interspersed between food stops, she added the textbook historical facts of the city as well as her own personal experiences in the city, such as her annual pilgrimage to the Wanamaker Store for the annual Christmas Lights show, which is now a Macy's.

My personal favorite was the Soft Pretzel from Philly Soft Pretzel factory. My daughter loved the visit to Del Fresco's Steakhouse (sorry, no steaks were sampled), which is located in a former Bank branch, and she got to take a picture next to an original Bank Vault. My wife loved the Double dipped cake truffles from the Flying Monkey. All in all, we were very pleased and would definitely recommend the Flavors of Philly tour.
A great time!!

My babe and I were going to the city for a few days so I figured I'd come up with some things to do for doing our down time.  I did a quick search "popular things to do in Philly" - the food tour was high on the list.  I checked it out and I was sold!

I have taken other tours in other cities, so I was familiar with the concept.  This was my babe's first tour ever, but my first time in Philly!

We were a little late arriving to the tour, but once you sign up (purchase tickets), the tour guide has your contact information.  As a result, about 5 minutes before the start time, the tour guide called and checked on our ETA... he was super pleasant and told me where we could meet up with the group.  

We arrived about 10 minutes late, but we didn't miss much... great!

The tour was sold out... about 15 people were on the tour including our guide.

Stops included: a pizza shop, philly cheese steak and cheese wiz shop, the historic Del Frisco's, a famous pretzel place, the first Macy's (I think it was the first), Reading Terminal and a few more stops.

While walking, our stops included learning about the history of the shop and learning about different landmarks in the city... I loved every minute!

We learned and we ate good too!  For under $50 pp... this was well worth the price!

I highly recommend you check this tour out.  There are other tours offered by City Tours. Check out the website and you'll see a description of each tour and see what interests you.

I'm excited to try other tours here and in different cities across the world.

IMO, this is a perfect way to learn and eat from several places that you may have no even thought to try or visit!  Basically a YELP event, but it features several venues :)

A great day in the city!!

Have fun and enjoy life :)
What a great tour! We started out at Di Bruno Brothers, where we got to sample from the famous "cheese cave." Artisanal cheese has always been slightly mysterious to me, but my tour guide Robert gave plenty of interesting background information. Afterwards, we walked over to Naked Chocolate Cafe, sampled chocolate of every shade, and then finished out the tour at Capogiro Gelato. At the Italian ice cream shop, we had a contest to see who could discern the most flavors.
Besides being the gelato-flavor-sampling-champion, my favorite part had to be the small touches that my tour guide Robert added in throughout the duration of the tour. We would periodically stop and look at  beautiful buildings that I could walk past hundreds of times without noticing. He gave a bit of history of the area, but not too much to be boring. So, I got a taste of food and a taste of local history without an overload of either.
I've been known to be slightly impatient and unwilling to walk long distances, but I wasn't bored once. If you are looking to get to know Philly beyond the Liberty Bell and the Constitution Center (they're both a little overrated anyway), this is a good way to start.
Decided to take the "Flavors of Philly" tour with my hubby, and brother & sister-in-law, and overall had a nice-ish time, but left more disappointed than anything else.  Our tour guide, though a bit monotone and overall unenthusiastic, was full of fun and random Philly facts and history which made the tour interesting.  But the main attraction -- the food! -- was seriously lacking.

Here's the breakdown:
1. Tomato Pie @ Joe's Pizza: AMAZING sauce that I would seriously buy to put on just about any pasta dish I made at home, homemade by the guy who owns the place with his secret family recipe from Italy.  Otherwise, though, tomato pie is just a piece of pizza without the cheese... Yep, as boring as it sounds.
2. Soft Pretzel @ Philly Soft Pretzel Factory:  A soft pretzel akin to those I've had at K-Mart or a county fair.  Nothing impressive, and frankly a bit dry.
3. Philly Cheesesteak & Cheese Whiz Fries @ Zio's Pizza: This place was the hugest letdown of all.  The sandwich was 75% bread with the 25% meat part tasting like hamburger helper leftovers.  Not a happy ratio, and a big bummer when you're thinking a Philly CheeseSTEAK will have juicy beefy goodness on the inside, the way most things with "STEAK" do.  And the whiz fries???  No joke -- the fries are the kind you buy in the freezer section of the grocery store, undercooked and soggy, covered in EZ-cheese.  We were all clearly less than impressed.
4. Chocolate Covered Pretzels @ Chocolates by Mueller at Reading Terminal Market: Finally an item on this tour that was good, but they were just chocolate covered pretzels, for goodness sake!  Being at Reading Terminal Market was neat and a great Philly location to see, though.  I just wish we had tried any of the 50 more interesting things they sold at this place.  How are chocolate covered pretzels a Philly thing???
5. Chocolate Cake Truffles @ Flying Monkey Bakery at Reading Terminal Market: Unless you're a serious chocolate lover, these were waaay too heavy and chocolatey, though I suppose they're meant to help you feel full at the end of the tour?  Perhaps not the worst item, but one I wasn't a huge fan of.

Would I go on one of these tours again?  Maybe.  But as a food lover, I have to wonder if my money would be better spent going to one of Philly's best restaurants and then walking around downtown ourselves.  City Food Tours offers a decent tour of the city, but not of the food I know it has to offer!
A friend and I took a trip to Philly for the weekend and decided to go on the Decadent Gourmet food tour. We had an awesome time and I would highly recommend this tour or any others. Whether you're a Philly resident or someone visiting, you will enjoy trying and learning about the food you already love.

We had the pleasure of having the owner of City Food Tours Philly as our tour guide. He was friendly, knowledgeable, and patient with some of our dumb questions. Loved him!

Our tour started at Di Bruno's on Chestnut with a short lesson on cheese followed by sampling. Yum :). I love cheese... and this made me want to learn more and try more!

We next went to the T-Bar for some tea and chocolate sampling. I didn't really dig the tea, but I feel that I am now a chocolate snob. Who knew there was so much to know?!

We ended with some refreshing Gelato and parting words.

I highly recommend that you check out one of these tours. You may be turned off by the price, but I can assure you it's worth it. And don't forget to tip the tour guide!!
Robert did a wonderful job guiding us during the "Ethnic Eats Tour" in the Italian market area of Philadelphia. He was very knowledgeable of the cuisine and cultures we experienced. I will definitely return to the places we visited. The highlight of the tour was a visit to the Buddhist Temple. I never knew that Philadelphia had such a Buddhist presence, and that so many Buddhist meetings were held here. We also wandered through an Asian market, where we got to see many of the ingredients that we tried at the various restaurants.

I would highly recommend taking a tour with these guys. I'm looking forward to going some of the other tours they offer. 

Congratulations on your recent marriage, and have fun on your trip!!!
I took my boyfriend on their Craft Beer and Artisinal Cheese tour for our anniversary.  I have to say, this was a great date idea - something different and a chance to be out and about in the city.  We started out at Triumph Brewing Company, and tried a small sample of each of their beers.  I learned a LOT about beer, brewing, and why things taste the way the do (and why I always knew I liked craft beers better than crap beers!).  From there we moved on to the Old City Cheese Shop and tried 4 different (amazing!) cheeses.  Our tour guide had a lot of knowledge about everything on the tour.  I would highly recommend this, and I cannot wait to try another one of their tours!
Very disappointing . . .
The food aspect of this tour was a joke: dried fruit from a pre-packaged bag, paltry mediocre meze, ordinary gelato, way overpriced (though tasty) cheese.  The only worthwhile aspect of the tour was the commentary about the architecture as we walked along the street, but it did not make up for what was overall a very disappointing afternoon.  The worst feature was the guide, himself.  I don't think he could have been more rude, irritating or offensive.  At first, I thought I was being overly sensitive, but then, over the course of the tour, everyone was commenting about him.  Some people shouldn't work in a service industry.
We came out from San Francisco to get a good feel for the Philadelphia food scene.  We had a great afternoon with Adam and all of his knowledge of local food and history.  We would recommend this tour to everyone.
This tour was great! Our tour guide, Matt, who now own City Food Tours, did an amazing job with the tour. He was incredibly helpful and we definitely had a great experience. There was a good variety of foods and the city commentary was really interesting.
If you do anything in Philly, do this! Steven our guide was extremely knowledgeable in all history and things Philly. The food and drinks at all 4 stops was amazing. I would recommend this to everyone!

John & Michele Martin 

Coats, Kansas
Matt gave my bachelor party of 10 guys a custom tour around Philly. History was great, food was great. The food to walking ratio was very well timed out so no one felt too hungry or full. Great value for what you're getting.
As Philly locals, we don't often do tours in the city, but we're so glad we got a gift card to take this one! We ended up trying food from vendors we hadn't tried before in Reading Terminal Market and learned about it's history that we hadn't known before. The few stops we made between there and Di Bruno Bros. were very interesting as well. And it's always great to try new cheeses at Di Brunos. Our final stop at Metropolitan Bakery was a great way to end the tour. Steve was an excellent tour guide and gave great information and made sure we were all taken care of during the tour.
The pizza tour had so much potential.  We had good food and interesting conversation.  It's too bad the tour guide is one of the worst in the world.  All 9 customers on the tour agreed the he was degrading and awful.  How could one of the most obnoxious human beings continue with his business as receiving bad reviews since 2011?  The moment we walked in the front door to the end of the tour, he was pompous, disrespectful, rude, and had no emotional intelligence.   Robert's been doing this too long and should retire.  He should not be in front of customers.  We pointed out all the issues and rudeness during the tour and Robert didn't apologize.  He needs to eat a piece of humble pie and treat customers with respect.  Robert's words, "I'm just being totally honest."  This guy needs sensitivity training and therapy.  Robert criticized the way we ate, sat at the table, how we were served, and when we could go to the bathroom - like we were in 3rd grade.  He even was rude to the restaurant staff.  Robert ruined his own tour - Stay away!  We'll make sure and tell our friends and we won't ever patronize or endorse city food tours again.
