Philadelphia's City Hall Interior Hall Tour (that includes Observation Deck Access) was well worth the 2 hours and $15. It's available at 12:30 (weather permitting) on weekdays to explore the architecture, art, and history of the largest municipal building in the United States.

Our guide was quirky, but thorough. The tour started with a walk around the exterior pointing out stories and statues along way. Inside, we stopped in the Mayor's Reception Room, Conversation Hall, and City Council Caucus Room before heading to the Observation Deck just under the huge iconic statue of William Penn on the Clock Tower 548 feet above the city. The glass-enclosed area is limited to 4 guests at a time which makes it a peaceful experience to get 360-degree panoramic views of Philadelphia.

There is also an $8 Observation Deck-only tour that leaves every 15 minutes if you have less time and don't need/want all the history. Note that both tours require timed tickets which you can purchase in the gift shop or online.

Fast Facts about City Hall:
 * Took 30 years to build: 1871 - 1901
 * It was designed to be the tallest building in the world
 * But never held the title as steel structures sprung past it
 * From 1894-1908, it was the world's tallest habitable building
 * 1st floor is solid granite up to 22 feet thick 
 * Brick faced with marble was used for higher floors
 * The Clock tower rises to 548 feet 
 * It is the tallest masonry structure in the world without a steel frame
 * Until 1987, City Hall was the tallest building in Philadelphia
 * It contains almost 700 rooms & 14.5 acres of floor space
 * Alexander Milne Calder designed the bronze William Penn statue
 * The 27-ton, 37-feet-tall statue took 2 years to build
 * The statue was installed in 1894
 * 26-ft-diameter clocks are on each side of the tower
 * Calder also sculpted 250 figures, heads, masks and statues on the exterior of City Hall.
 * The building cost $24 million to construct
 * Named a National Historic Landmark in 1976
City Hall in Philadelphia is a beautiful structure where a lot of famous things happen and it still standing today. They have a lot of neat statues and a lot of cool designs on the building it's just a awesome site to see when you were in the heart of Philadelphia city and see all the structures that surround it with City Hall is definitely a very large Eye appealing structure
the architecture of this building alone is breathtaking. there are so many elements that were sculpted into its facade along with countless design intricacies and complex carvings. it is easy to see why its the world's tallest masonry building. i also love how the architect utilized a 'second empire' style on the construction and the building itself contains nearly 700 rooms making it the countries largest municipal building. it is also amazing how the statue itself  is hollow and that there is a narrow access tunnel through it which leads to a small hatch atop his hat.
The city hall is located in the heart of the Center City. If you are on the hop-on hop-off tour bus, you will definitely pass by this historic landmark several times. The architecture is beautiful. The visitor center inside the building is very helpful. I really enjoy the observation deck tour. $8 for 15 minutes. 360 degree view. From here, I can view all the high-rise buildings. And is more than enjoy taking lots of nice photos. They also have interior tour as well.
This review is for the actual amazing building itself and for the view from the tower but it is NOT for the tour.   Some facts gathered from the internet: In his original 1682 design for the city, William Penn set aside the Center Square for public buildings, but it took 200 years before the square was used for that purpose.

Construction begun in 1871 and took over 30 years to complete. John McArthur Jr. was the architect and supervised construction with the assistance of Thomas U. Walter.

The first floor is built of solid granite -- 22 feet thick in some places -- supporting a brick structure faced with marble.

The 548-foot tower is the tallest masonry structure in the world without a steel frame.
-----

Needless to say I was completely smitten with the beauty and timelessness of this building. We walked around it, drove around it, went inside of it and went up in the tower of it.  

One tour guide mentioned there were discussions about tearing it down, thankfully that didn't happen. It would have cost too much money to tear it down.  

Ask someone, especially a Philly sports fan, about the curse of Billy Penn which involves a gentleman's agreement that no other building on the Philadelphia skyline would be taller than this one.

Touring the tower was a bit of a strange experience for us. The tours are offered every 15 minutes on Monday thru Friday. We showed up about 10:45 on a Friday. You go to the visitors center to get your tickets. There's a store and I had picked up a few small items to purchase and at the counter we informed the ladies we wanted to take the tour.  They gave us the 11:00 slot. They said, you will have to hurry to make it on time. The building was under renovation which meant getting to the right place up on the 7th floor took longer than usual.  They wouldn't even let us finish our purchase. It was all very rushed. We finally get up to the 7th floor in the 90+ degree weather and it's totally empty. Nobody is around. Very strange. At 11:00 a lady appears and snips at my husband about locking up his back pack. She got us in the elevator and recited a speech in which she sounded like.a.robot.with.no.personality.  There was absolutely no interaction once we were out on the observation deck. Maybe she was having an off day, the whole thing was very strange.  But I would do it again for an up close look at this beautiful building and those amazing views!
In some cities, it's more of a Sh**ty Hall than a City Hall but not in the wonderful metropolis of Fill-a-till-for-ya (which is what the teller always does for me during bank robberies).

This is one of the most beautiful city halls I have ever seen. It is one of the grandest old buildings in Philly, and is one of the many reasons why I love walking or driving around downtown Philly.

You can walk right up to it, and alongside it, and through it, and play in the fountains like the kids are doing in my picture. It's a wonderful meeting point and will take your breath away. It reminds me of the Executive Office building in DC. It looks French or something.

Five stars, easily. Very easily.

If it were a CD Hall it might be even better because it'd sell used music. It's not, though, so let's admire it for what it is.
IT has a beautiful exterior and that's all I really got to see. I played in the fountains in front of it and I must say that is a beautiful add to make this area even more serene. I'd like to go inside to tour it since I know this place is very old and historic, and ideally if I could I'd like to visit the top of the tower to get a good view of downtown Philly.
Looking for something affordable to do in Philly?  Are you one to visit observation decks and take tons of pics of cityscapes?  This is your place!

TICKETS:
Purchases are made in the library-like visitor's center office on the ground level.  They were dirt cheap, about $5 when we were here a few years ago.  There are numerous time slots available being that they're booked in 15 minute increments.  

OBSERVATION DECK:
A short elevator ride brings you to the 500 foot elevation.  The 360-degree view deck is enclosed with glass, and ventilation grates here and there which made it very nippy since it was November.  The ceiling of the deck is also glass, so you get an under view of the William Penn Statue that is the spire of the building.  While you can't really get a good photo of him, it's a cool angle and perspective to see.  A highlight for me was the limited amount of people allowed up at once which is 4, and there were 3 in our group, so we had the escort/guide all to ourselves.  The lesser the crowd, the better for me.  Allow about a half hour out of your day for this.

OVERALL:
Cheap, fast, great photo ops, and not bustling like Rockefeller Center or the Empire State Building.
Philadelphia, or the City of Brotherly, is such a kick-ass place to love and live. I don't just lay claim to: The Independence Hall or the Italian Stallion. Which I'll skip for now (Yo adrian, sorry!)

- Location: Literally in the heart of Center City on a four block area.
- Construction period: January 3, 1871-June 26, 1901.
- It was the tallest building in the world, for 14 years.
- It was the tallest building in Philadelphia, for 100 years.
- It IS the largest municipal building in the United States. Seriously, with 700 rooms, offices and chambers.
- Architecture: French 2nd Empire. 
The interior of the City Hall building is AMAZING. Even though at some point was called "the biggest and ugliest building in America." Ironic, right!
- William Penn, or as we like to call him Willy, is really GIGANTIC ( 37-foot, 27-ton statue).
Phun Phact: That thing you see from distant, is not Willy's penis, I'm sorry but the rumor has it. So, after I took city hall tour, I'm assuring you it's his hand extended to offer a blessing, not his penis.

Pro tip:
Please, please please do the City Hall interior and tower tour. You'll not regret it, trust me.
- Cost: $8.25/adult for the tower and $15.25/adult for the interior & tower tour. Dirt cheap.
- Hours: Monday- Friday. Tower tour: 9:30am-4:15pm (available every 15 minutes), and interior & tower tour available only at 12:30pm. Keep in mind that tower tour depends on the weather and capacity permit conditions.
- Why observation deck tour? 1) To see William Penn up close. and 2) To see the city from his point of view, literally (panoramic view above ground). 
- Why interior tour? Really??? You need a reason? Aren't you just curious to see some of the 700 rooms inside City Hall?!!

Five Yelps...
I still remember the first time I saw this building in my adult life. I had just moved to Philly, where I would live for the next couple of years. It was a cool, overcast autumn evening and I was walking through some cookie cutter skyscrapers. I came across the open square area surrounding this building and my eyes gravitated up to fix on the soft yellow light radiating from the clock tower. I could see the puffs of clouds passing by which only intensified its glow.

You don't really see structures like this in California's concrete jungles. There are many impressive buildings in the world, but this one had the greatest initial wow factor on me. It took 30 years to complete and the architect didn't even live to see it when it was finally finished in 1901. There was also an informal agreement that limited the height of buildings in the city to be below the brim of William Penn's hat (the statue at the top). This was in place until the Liberty Center was constructed in the mid-80's. 

The building itself is set in an inconvenient location if you're driving, but allows it to be seen for miles when looking down any of the streets that lead to it. The coolest part is the observation deck at the top of the tower which is open to visitors. It's also free, so there's really no excuse not to go. 

To me, this building is the true icon of Philadelphia and even a picture of it will evoke the countless memories and experiences of this city.
I'm a life long Philadelphian that has always been enamored of City Hall. To show my age, I remember the times when the gentlemen's agreement existed that no building could be taller than Billy Penn's hat. I was 15 when they finally broke that agreement. 

As a kid, I was fascinated by the look of the place. But in all my life, I always admired City Hall from the outside. 

Today, after a trip with my one year old son to see the Macys light show, I decided today would be the day. If we could, I'd take the family up on the tower.

This was a risk with my son. After all I didn't know how he'd take to this. But there was only one way to find out.

Personally, I'm a veteran of many observation towers. From the World Trade Center in NYC in my youth, to the Prudential Building in Boston, the CN Tower in Toronto, and the granddaddy of them all the Empire State Building, I love these things. 

But to see this one is special to me. 

I must start by saying visiting this observation deck is full of inconvenience. You have to reserve time because they can only take 4 up at once. The size of the deck and elevator won't really allow for more with a guide. If you're big like me, then you'll eat the space in the elevator for sure. You have to walk around the building to get to the waiting area. The elevator ride is cramped and slow. My son was not a fan of the elevator as he clutched on to me and cried during it a bit. It had to overwhelm him. 

Once you get off the elevator, the hallway to get to the deck is narrow. You have to be careful again if you're big like me and holding a one year old. 

But once that's all done, once you're on the deck, the inconvenience becomes worth it. You pretty much have the deck to yourself for 15 minutes. And it truly is the perfect vantage point. It's quite safe with the glass enclosure. Once up there, my son calmed down and enjoyed it. I loved every minute up there. 

Riding back down wasn't fun as my son is a bit traumatized by that elevator. The experience of being cramped with strangers along with seeing yourself go up through the glass has to be overwhelming. But a kid friendly YouTube video on the ride down calmed him. 

I may not do it again. But I'm really glad I got to do it once.
The center of it all. City hall is just beautiful in its antique and unique architecture. From any part of the city, during anytime of the day, it is literally BEAUTIFUL. 
I've never been inside, but the outside will suffice. You can often into activities being taken at the center of city hall, and some of them are interesting. If not, you can just take a breather during your day in the area and enjoy the scenery and history in the heart of the
Philadelphia City Hall is massive and impressive. Completed in 1901, it's the largest city hall in America, covering 14.5 acres of total floor space and rising high at 548 feet (it was the tallest building in Philadelphia until 1986). The building is topped with an enormous statue of William Penn, founder of Philadelphia and Pennsylvania. This statue is its most notable and defining feature. It's situated so high, you can see it from many different places within the city.

City Hall has made appearances in numerous films including, most recently, the DC superhero movie Shazam! (2019). Something funny happens to William Penn in the movie. https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0448115/

There was also a curse associated with the William Penn statue known as the Curse of Billy Penn. I first learned about it while watching the Rocky location tour documentary Rocky Jumped a Park Bench: https://youtu.be/ryGnmGKbRFo?t=757. In the documentary, host James Rolfe (more famously known as the Angry Video Game Nerd) explains that Philadelphia sports teams were cursed because there was another building in the city that was built higher than William Penn. That curse was broken when the Phillies won the 2008 World Series. Less than 10 years later, the Eagles would go on to win Super Bowl LII (2018). In college sports, Villanova won the 2016 and 2018 NCAA men's basketball championships.

Two tours are available for City Hall, the Interior Tour and the Tower Tour. The Interior Tour lasts about 1.5 to 2 hours and includes the Tower Tour. The Tower Tour, where you go to the top of the tower for amazing city views, is also available separately. Currently, an adult ticket costs $15 for the Interior Tour and $8 for the Tower Tour (less for military, seniors, and students). Visit the City Hall Visitor Center at 1 S Penn Square, Room 121 and the Independence Visitor Center's website for more info: https://www.phlvisitorcenter.com/CityHall.

No trip to City Hall is complete without visiting the two relatively new/renovated parks nearby, Dilworth Park (https://www.yelp.com/biz/dilworth-park-philadelphia-9) and Love Park (https://www.yelp.com/biz/love-park-philadelphia). If you're sightseeing in Philly, these and walking up the Benjamin Franklin Parkway (https://www.yelp.com/biz/ben-franklin-parkway-philadelphia) to the Rocky Steps (https://www.yelp.com/biz/rocky-steps-philadelphia) and the Philadelphia Museum of Art (https://www.yelp.com/biz/philadelphia-museum-of-art-philadelphia) are highly recommended.
NOTE: this review is specifically for City Hall's Observation Deck

Access to city hall's observation deck is weekdays only (9:30AM - 4:15PM) - making it the most touristy-for-a-non-tourist activity in Philadelphia (read: only convenient for center city 9-5ers looking for a way to spice up their lunch break)

For just $5, you get to enter the (somewhat sketchy) interior of the "tallest masonry structure (without a steel frame) in the world" and venture up the cramped tower elevator with your very own security guard. Well, that's what happened to me...I think the groups are generally 3-4 people -  it's just that um, no one else showed up for my time slot.

Choose your day wisely, my friends - a perfectly blue, clear sky with the sun shining makes for stellar city views and exceptionally captivating photos.
This building needs an overhaul INSIDE.  The ancient infrastructure is failing.

C'mon people.  You powerwashed the exterior - and it looks great - now lets fix the ancient restrooms, corridors and grungy stairwells INSIDE.
Philadelphias City Hall is a glorious architectural masterpiece outside. What goes on inside, well, everything from the hob nobbing of government officials, to getting your marriage license. The people here are mostly friendly, but disinterested in helping you if it inconveniences them in the least, in my experience. Inside the courtyard is also a nice spot to enjoy a picnic in the sunshine, walk your dog, and watch the world stream by rapidly. William Penn statue on the top used to be the highest point in Philadelphia, and is supposedly our cities good luck charm for the Phillies Baseball team.
The center of it all. City hall is just beautiful in its antique and unique architecture. From any part of the city, during anytime of the day, it is literally BEAUTIFUL. 
I've never been inside, but the outside will suffice. You can often into activities being taken at the center of city hall, and some of them are interesting. If not, you can just take a breather during your day in the area and enjoy the scenery and history in the heart of the city.
The City Hall structure is an impressive architecture. It's Philadelphia's oldest tall building. I did not take the City Hall tour. Instead, I decided to go up the tower. It's quite an affordable way to capture a skyline view of the city. 

In order to get tickets to the tower's observation desk, you have to walk to the East Portal and sign up to go up the Observation Deck. The top of the tower's space is quite small and can only accommodate ~4 ppl at a time. So, you have to sign up for a time at the East Portal. The East Portal has a gift shop as well. You pay for the tour at the gift shop's cash register. They also offer student discounts for the observation deck.

The entrance to the tower is at different location from the East Portal. From the East Portal, The staff will show you where to go on the map, but you essentially make two left turns outside the East Portal. 

City Hall asks that you to arrive at least 15 minute prior to your scheduled tour time. You have to go through security and sign in. Then you take the elevators to the 6 or 7th floor, I don't recall. Afterwards, you follow a marked path to the base of the tower where there is a waiting area. You have to sign in there also. The waiting area has a model of City Hall and other displays relating to the history of City Hall. 

Once it's your turn, a security personnel will escort you up a very long elevator ride to the tip of the tower. If you're afraid of heights, it's probably a gimme that you would probably not enjoy this tour. If you're also claustrophobic, I would reconsider the tour. The elevator is small and is barely big enough to fit 4 small asians and 1 security guard. The top of the observation desk is also very cramped. The 360 view is great. Glass panes secure the whole area. You only get about 15 minutes up there to take pictures and such before the guard comes back to escort you back.
If you are looking for the public entrance, it is on the north east corner. It like, really helps to know that especially if you are under time constraints because it wasn't totally obvious to me.  And clearly I am really smart.

Who knew the hardest part of getting a marriage license would be finding the door to city hall?  Not this guy!  Everything else was a comical breeze once we got in the doors. A+  would use their marriage license services again!  Hope not to.
City Hall in Philly, is seriously, one of the most beautiful buildings in the United States. It is gorgeous and as you drive or walk towards center city, you cannot miss William Penn standing at the top, looking all full of himself. But then again, he's standing on top of a gorgeous building in the middle of Philly. Of course he should be smug. 

When you visit, you can walk all around the area, in some areas of the building, but you simply MUST go to the top of it where William Penn stands. It is THE best view of Philly. It makes the Avenue of the Arts look like the Champs-Élysées and you forget for a second that you are in the US. Be sure to check hours before going to the top.  The hours are funky and are only open Monday through Friday. Also, there are only like 4 people allowed to the top at a time. It is a small area, and trust me, you don't want a ton of people up there or you won't be able to walk around and enjoy the different views.
Crazy sculpture, blah blah blah, whatever... 

City hall tower.  People.  City hall tower!  It's a 500+ foot relatively-unobstructed view of the city!  It's so awesome!  You must go immediately!  Take your friends who are visiting from out of town!  Take your neighbor who's lived in Philly his whole life and still hasn't seen the amazing view!  It's amazing!  

!!!

I know, it's a little over the top.  But really, I don't even like heights and the nausea-inducing elevator ride was still totally worth it.  

Points of advice: 
Call in advance to reserve the spot, which can be done with a credit card (though I don't know if there's an actual charge..?)
You can only take three other people in the elevator, as its capacity is five and there's an elevator operator/tour guide.
Bring a camera or video camera.  Hope for some kind of (non-deadly) traffic incident thing so there are helicopters, because that is REALLY freakin' amazing.  Really.
This is one of the most beautiful and architecturally interesting buildings in the City. I'm so happy that the City government finally decided to clean it because it looks 100 times better now that the facade is gleaming white instead of soot-grey (you can see the old dirty color on the S. Broad side, where they're still cleaning).  This place is just beautiful.  

It's less pleasant up close, though.  I walk through here on my way to work, and it smells like mold, urine, and cigarette smoke under the arches that lead through to Market and Broad Streets.  Inside, it's much less decorative, and, as has been mentioned, it's not air conditioned.  So it's unbearable in the summer.  Glad I'm not a lawyer (well, for many reasons).

Also, I remember way back when I was a small child and Billy Penn was the tallest point in the city.  That was cool.  You could see City Hall from much of the city.  Then they built the first skyscraper taller than City Hall.  I remember being really upset about that.  And we haven't won a sports championship since.  Connection?  Curse of Billy Penn?  Or symptom of our teams not living up to our expectations, year after dreary year...

Anyway, I did think it was funny that Rendell used to dress Penn up in Flyers' jerseys and Phillies' hats back when he was mayor.  

Long story short, this is one of the real Philadelphia landmarks, one of the most beautiful and historic sites in the city, and a site I miss seeing when I'm away from home.
While I have never been inside this building, it really is one of the nicest pieces of architecture in the city of Philadelphia. Great photo opp when shuffling through Philly.
City hall is one of my favorite buildings in Philly. It's design is so remarkable and unlike any building. It's beautiful at night in all four directions. 

I didn't know until I got there that there was an observation deck at the very top just under the statue. They have only four tickets every 15 minutes to bring people up to the top since space in the elevator is very limited. 

Their open Monday-Friday 9-5 with same day ticket sales only. They are open the last Saturday every month from 11-3 I think. Except for November and December because of the holidays they do it the third Saturday of the month. 

They open their doors in the gift shop right on market street room 121, 30 minutes before starting time. So be there BEFORE doors open to get your tickets. They open their doors 8:30 during the week and 10:30 on the Saturdays they are open. I would be there at least 15 minutes before doors open, especially if you have more then 2 in your group. Tickets sell out incredibly fast for the day, so if your on a schedule I would make that first on your list in the morning of priority. 

I thought it was one of the best views of Philadelphia in the whole city. Up close you see the statue above you which is of William Penn, the founder of the city Philadelphia. He's a bronze statue that is 37 feet tall and his hand is the length of 5 feet. The small room is a circular walk around with windows overlooking all areas of the city. Such a wonderful experience I recommend this to everyone who visits Philadelphia!
Whenever I see City Hall at night from afar, I imagine a towering cyclops staring out across the city at me with its jaundiced, rheumy eye.  Waiting.






... City Hall is 100% drama.
I recently proposed to my girlfriend (now fiancee!) in the observation deck. With the help of Greta and some volunteer staff they were able to get my pictures and flowers set up and were excited to be a part of this. I can't thank them enough for their help in making such an important and lasting memory!

Otherwise, this is one of the BEST (and probably only) places to get a good panoramic/elevated view of the city. You feel like you're stepping back in time. It's a great place for a date, and a must visit for anyone to get a complete sense of Philadelphia.
Only walked around outside, but the building is beautiful! The architecture is incredible. City hall is also close to many other historical things like the Masonic Temple.
It was on contruction so I couldnt access closely. Even hard to acceas to the City Hall because of crowded street and construction, it looks magnificent though.. Nearby the City Hall, there's the LOVE scupture with beautiful falls. Can take great meaningful pictures over there.
I have never seen a more beautiful city hall in the US. The exterior of the building is just gorgeous. 

The Tower Tour fills up fast on clear days, only 4 people per 30 minute time slot. You sign up for your time and pay for your tickets in the gift shop. The view from the tower as well as the look around the interior of the clock tower is definitely worth the time and $5. 

When you're driving towards City Hall on Franklin Pkwy the way William Penn's hand is situated on the statue could be mistaken for his, um, well, it doesn't look like his hand. It does look like William Penn is happy to be there though!
Poor City Hall. You are somewhat neglected by the corrupt nature of our city's government.

Apparently they wanted to tear this place down in the early part of the 20th Century.

Took the Tour Tour & City Hall tour through a living social deal. It was a bit of a long tour as we visited all throughout the building. Our guide was knowledgeable and so that kept things interesting as he told us random facts here and there.

It was definitely worth the long tour to get to the tower on the top of building. Instagram-ed as if it was my job up at the top!

I would recommend you do the tower tour for people who are visiting from out of town. The building tour is a bit extensive and might only be interesting to those who live in Philadelphia. This is one of the better touristy activities in Philadelphia.
One of the best City halls in America. Amazing that an endeavor like this was taken. If you are in Philadelphia take the time to go on the tour. They offer two tours, one straight to the tower and the other is of most of city hall and the tower. The tour takes about 90 minutes but it is packed with so much history. Definitely worth the time and fee. Prepare to walk a lot so you should have comfortable shoes. Amazing that at one time they actually thought to knock it down-thank God they did not. I loved the visit and gentleman giving the tour was very knowledgeable. The amount of money and craftsmanship it took to do this marvelous building is crazy. You can purchase the tickets at The City hall visitor center. To think that at one time they actually thought about razing this building. They just don't make them like this anymore. The best City Hall in America.
The only time I ever came in here was to apply for a license, so I'm not speaking on tons of experience. It's definitely hard to navigate. Apparently there's only one entrance, and we were given the wrong answer 2 times. The gaurds are kind of snippy, but then again I would be too if I had to sit in a hot, muggy building all day long.
It's really pretty to look at from Temple's Center City building; I spend most of my time in class staring out at the west side of City Hall.
This place really is a remarkable piece of architecture...I can't believe you can find something like this in the US!  It honestly looks like something from Paris - it's enormous, detailed, elaborate, ornate and just plain amazing.  It's too bad the area around it can be a bit shady, but it doesn't take away from how fantastic this building really is.  Considering that most modern building are fairly dull or even eye-sores, it's nice to have a piece of history in downtown Philly.

Philadelphians should be proud that they have such an amazing building!
This review is for the Tower "Tour" only. If you get a chance to go, do it. Tours are every 15 minutes and the elevator only holds a few people, so it's surprisingly intimate. The good news is it's cheap ($5); the bad news is it's only open from Monday to Friday, 9:30-4:15. Call ahead for tickets (215-686-2840). The elevator takes you up through the spire and you get to see all the history and the inside of the clock face. They let you out just below William Penn's feet and you can see for miles. Really reminded me of the Arc de Triomphe! Really a cool building (largest municipal building in the US), just don't make them like that any more.
Our visit to Philadelphia's City Hall was one of the best ideas on our recent trip! City Hall's architecture is absolutely stunning and worth walking by just to admire the outside views. SO and I bought admission tickets to the observation deck (~$9 per person). There are scheduled tour times where the guide takes a small group up to the observation deck for about 15 minutes. It's such an incredible 360 view of Philadelphia! You can look in every direction of Philadelphia, but make sure you look up at William Penn! A 27-ton bronze statue of the founder of Philadelphia stands on top of City Hall, overlooking the city. I wish we had been able to go on the interior tour, but we will just have to save that for next time!
Oh my god!  This is the most beautiful carved stone building I have ever seen!  I am not joking!

If I would have known how beautiful this building was, I would have made a special trip to Philadelphia just to see it.  It was once the tallest building in the world (besides like, Pyramids).  

You have to see it.  Get your Garmin and head to Philadelphia.  Why wasn't there a History Channel special on this building?  

People need to know that this building exists.  It is a modern masterpiece.
Worst attraction I have ever been to. When we were buying the tickets there was a weird old lady who just came in and yelled at us. She was trying to direct us to the entrance but my parents don't know English and went a wrong way and she was loudly yelling " don't you hear me!!!". She is an officer there based on her uniform and she has white hair and glasses. Besides no one stopped her when she was doing that(we were just inside the visitor center). Then we went onto the tower and there was no introduction or exhibition and the guide was not saying anything. We have been traveling for nearly a month in the US and we were never treated like that, so the only imagination I got for this place is that they are not friendly and open to international visitors at all.
Where did this world of civilized building go?  This structure stands tall and is daunting to meditate and navigate too.  The centrality is impressive and reminds me of Grand Central in Manhattan not so much in size as in grandeur for it leaves the impression we've truly come from people who aspired for much more than politicians could ever dream of today.
I always look for this building every time we are in Philly 
It's especially beautiful in the snow
This is for the review on the tour for City Hall. It was $15 for adult and I say it was not worth the money. Tip: just get the ticket for the tower observation deck. 2 hours of going around the outside when you can already do that yourself save yourself money and time so just get the tower not the tower and interior.
I'm obsessed with City Hall. It's my favorite building in the city--I love the architecture, I love the detail of the statues, and I love that it's kind of weird. I finally took the full tour, which included going up in the tower, and it was amazing. I learned so much about it--did you know that because there were Quakers on the building committee that none of the statues carved onto it are representative of war or even war heroes? Hooray for pacifists! I also saw Mayor Nutter giving a press conference during the tour...we had to be very quiet walking past.

I left this tour even more fascinated by City Hall. I would do this tour again for sure. But next time, on a sunnier day to make the trip to the top more worthwhile.
Beautiful but unfortunately tours don't run 7 days a week.
Probably the most beautiful/iconic building in the city. It was once the tallest building  in Philadelphia. You can get the perfect view from a distance from Broad Street.
I find City Hall one of the most beautiful buildings I've seen and was happy to take a guided tour.  Luckily, I was the only visitor that day and I had the docent all to myself.  He was exceedingly knowledgeable about the building and had fascinating information about many of its design elements.
The tour gets you inside private areas that are GORGEOUS.  I asked many passing employees how they could ever stop looking up at the ornate ceilings and walls that surrounded them.  It was rhetorical...I am sure they're "over" the history that surrounds them and just want to get their work done.
The tour ended with a trip to William Penn's feet.  The trip up was scary; the height of the tower didn't hit me until my ears kept popping in the tiny elevator.  But to see the city from a point that is visible by most of the city was an awesome feeling.
Getting to the top in 40 degree weather was no big deal.  The tower is closed when it's hot.
This tour was totally worth the $12.  Bring your guests and try to avoid high tourist season for the richest experience.
Wow going to Jury Duty here a couple of years ago was totally sweet. It was a lot like the feature film starring pauly shore. It looks as if no renovation has been done inside of city hall for at least 20 years and it smells musty and dank, just like the philadelphia government administration (HEY YO!). Anyhow, I went here everyday for a week and let me tell you it was a pleasure playing my part in the civil judicial system. And at 9 dollars an hour and a court mandated appearance, how could I say no? I DEFINATELY would serve on a jury in city hall again.
For one of the main tourist attractions in Philadelphia, City Hall is just disgusting. I am constantly in and out of here for work, and you have rude police officers/security guards that are paid off of OUR tax contributions that just sit there by the elevator on their cell phones, listening to music, giving you an attitude as you walk through the double doors that require a security pass. Why are these tools working here, might as well get a better security system with our tax contributions and fire these so called "security guards." Not to mention, it is so shabby inside, hello! instead of overpaying these unqualified, unprofessional workers, put that towards some renovation eh?
You will mostly likely see this large magnificent building if you are roaming around downtown Philadelphia. The Philadelphia City Hall is perhaps the most majestic government building that you will see in the United States outside Washington DC and may be only paralleled by the US Capitol in terms of public service structures!

Go at day, go at night. Go anytime to admire either the sheer magnitude of this enormous Masonic-style structure or the intrinsic details the architects put on the exterior. Sit in the courtyard during daytime to people-watch, or sit during nighttime to be entranced by the occasional street musician who knew to take advantage of the acoustics. 

If you wish to go inside though, the Philadelphia City Hall is open only on weekday work hours (9-5). The tower observatory is open for only four people every 15 minutes because of the elevator size, so consider reserving your places early fore free at the City Hall Visitor Center, which opens at 8:30 AM. The interior tour is available only at weekday 12:30 PM.

I unfortunately was not able to tour the interior but did see the Philadelphia skyline in the tower observatory. Time and technological advances have allowed modern buildings to outmatch the City Hall's height, but even so, the newer champions of altitude still cannot provide the City Hall tower observatory's 360 view of Philadelphia under the graceful presence of William Penn who is atop of the tower. Be warned though: the observatory will essentially an open-air environment so no comforts such as benches are provided.

Taking more than 30 years and more than $250 million to build, the City Hall was literally a large target of criticism. Yet all can agree that this building was a masterpiece of beauty. Even if you decided not to enter the interior of the building, you must go to at least the City Hall courtyard to experience what majesty is truly like.
I really don't see the fascination I work in here and it's the same ol dirty, infested, homeless attracting building in the heart of center city. I guess when ur visiting philadelphia this is all they talk about. Besides the hit fil "Law abiding citizen"being filmed here I don't see what the hype is about. City hall is just a major office where u come for deeds, wills, marriage license, civil court, arts, etc....
Beautiful architecture.  

The view of city hall from down by the art museum or on any rooftop within the city is usually a fantastic site.  

I recommend viewing city hall from any of the following locations:
1) on top of parktowne place apartments 
2) on top of marine club condominiums
3) by the art museum
Philly's City Hall was easily the most beautiful building I saw while exploring the city. 

The stone work, arches, marble details were all just stunning.  And I loved my walk through the building to the courtyard.

Apparently they offer up a tour to the top- best believe I'm looking into that for our next adventure into Philly.  Love me some architectural jewels and this building is definitely one.
so I've never actually been INSIDE but sometimes when I take the trolley to work I walk through and it never fails to make me feel important and grown-up.  I'm not really sure why.  the architecture and sheer scale of the place is pretty impressive.  I'm in disbelief that a building like that isn't air-conditioned though.  y'all yankees are crazy.
This is a review of the Orphans Court department, where we just went to get our marriage license.

It is what it is. You have your ID, social security card, and 80 bucks, they ask you a bunch of questions, and you're done. Compared to other Philadelphia bureaucracies and the DMV, it's a piece of cake.
Okay, not sure why the address is so wrong? Anyone can update that?

It used to be that this was the tallest building in the city and that no other building would be as tall as William Penn up top until Liberty Place was built. The tallest building made of purely masonry, I believe, in the world - some of the walls are more than 20' thick of stone! Often photographed from South Broad Street in the center of the street.

Interestingly enough, I've always known this structure with at least one side in scaffolding (internal or external), as they're always washing off one side of the structure or another.

Internally, halls of clerks and justices are not always available to the public, but the center courtyard had entry to the Broad Street line (not sure if those are still open). The other edges double as an informal skate park (though police try to prevent that).
The night view of city hall is pretty, but I don't recommend going through it at night. I felt like a rapist was going to pop out at any minute. I may be exaggerating, but my husband didn't really feel like being there for much longer either.
Utterly excited to be in Philadelphia today!

It was designed by Frank Lloyd Wright... It is a very intricate shape and interesting building.... The statue of William Penn sits on top of the dome....You may still be able to ride the elevator up to the base of the statue but I'm not certain...City Hall is located at the intersection of Market and Broad street..
It's Huge! 
Go to the tower for breath taking view of the city. Downside: It only opens til 4:30 so you can't really see nightlights from here. Bring your student ID and get discounted ticket to go up.

Check it out in this video:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ccjV8tPvb6k
I got off a SEPTA train at Suburban station. I saw the city hall. The building was big. I walked around the building. I saw many statues. People were gathering. It looked like a hangout place for people. Just walk around here!
