Clark Park is a huge, multi-cultural, clean park in the middle of University City. I see something new every time we come here! One time it was an Indian Pot-Luck with folks dressed in traditional garb. One day it was dancing and jazz in the park courtesy of local band "Bitters & Rye". One time it was Tibetan chanting. Yesterday it was a mariachi band. So fun! Love this! This place has a great sense of community and some heart! 

The park is pretty well maintained. Many families strolling and picnics happening. BBQ's, reunions, you name it. Don't quote me, but from what it seems I'm not sure you need a permit like some other parks. I didn't notice designated numbered areas. Maybe first come, first serve? 

Saturday's you'll find a farmers' markets with some truly great vendors AND I even spotted the Ku Fu Hoagie food truck!! Love them! 

There are not one, but three playgrounds for the kiddos. It seems to be naturally separated by age groups because of the size of the structures. 

It's always a good idea to check the flyers posted on the telephone polls for upcoming and local events! I've found some gems there! 

Green Line Cafe and Clarksville are located directly across the park for some nosh and/or a cup of tea/coffee to enjoy post or prior to a visit here. 

Street parking is free! 
Bike parking available! 
The trolley runs right there too! 

There's not much not to love about this park! Every time we visit I ask myself why we don't come here more often.
Always looking for something to do with my daughter, I saw that there was a movie being shown in the park here. It was a great weather week, so off we went... 
After a slow, agonizing walk past the Parks on Tap setup on the northern side of the park (which looked like a great time), we made our way to the movie setup... I've driven past this park for years and never knew how nice or how large this park is. Well maintained, plenty of shaded areas, more than enough of a playground for the kids, and no reason to see trash on the ground with all of the trash cans there. 
The Polynesian dancers entertained everyone before the movie, and it was a really good time.... While I have plenty of Parks where I live, I'd definitely stop at this park to hang out for awhile if I'm in the area..
Clark Park is the heart of West Philadelphia. I always take a blanket and a book, but I usually find myself lulled by the sunshine and shady trees, distracted by people and dog watching, or entirely consumed with consuming my tofu hoagie, or wandering across the street to the Green Line and back. The Farmers Market on Saturday (and Thursday in the summer) has some great local grub, including whoopie pies, cheese, and herbs grown by high school kids.

While the "dog bowl" side of the park can be more active, don't miss out on the flat, shady area by the volleyball cart - it's where we while away the hours playing croquet until dark. 

Tips - if you're looking for a quiet afternoon, avoid the large group of kids playing cooperative games with foam swords and shields (you'll know it when you see it). They have no problems running right through your blanket nap, bellowing, and the "adults" who play with them aren't the least bit helpful and containing the fields of their "war."
I have a long history with Clark Park, having been a two time West Philly resident.  I played there as a 4 year old, back in the 70's before playgrounds got squishy recycled tire floors and safety regulations.  Now, I take my friend's toddler out for turns on the dinosaur sliding board and his first toboggan ride.  My house is close enough that I can hear the guy who plays lilting flute tones mixing with the sounds of the kids laughing and playing, and the whole symphony weaves it's way into my bedroom window.  It's Mr. Roger's neighborhood.  
Last summer, along with some really top quality local bands, the biggest local band of all came to pay us a visit.  The Philadelphia Orchestra performed a magnificent concert and it seemed like all of Philly was there laying peacefully under the same sky.  We hear a lot about the crime in West Philly, but there is a tremendous amount of active good will and generosity here as well.  
My friend, who was visiting from Israel, likened Clark Park and my neighborhood to an urban kibbutz.  I'm not quite sure what that means, but I know that she still checks out the Friends of Clark Park website on a regular basis.   http://www.clarkpark.info/ in case you want to see as well.
I know everyone craps their pants in excitement over Clark Park and that's a-ok.  But that still does not a five-star-park make.  
Don't get me wrong.  I'm so glad that there is a spacious area where kids can play and people can socialize and walk their dogs.  And obviously, many improvements are gradually being made.  There is a wonderful (albeit at  times overpriced) farmer's market.  Not to mention all the neighborhood events- Shakespeare in the Park, Music Festivals, huge Flea Markets (A++), and from time to time, any number of other feel-good photo-ops.  
I suffer from being a glib outsider, but like many places in this neighborhood, I feel people have become accustomed to the flaws of the park and now over romanticize the notion of local community.  For its community, it wins 3 stars.  But its execution (as a few others have so aptly pointed out)- the landscaping (or lack of), the fields of dirt, the scary and dangerous sidewalks'o'earthquake. . .  To call it a true park is overreaching- a good place for social gatherings, but not much to appreciate in solitude.  
For the 4th Star- the  Dickens Statue.  Because what's more awesome than ignoring a dead man's wishes?
When people say 'park' in Philly, they usually mean something like Rittenhouse, which isn't much of a park to begin with.   This is an ACTUAL park, fields and trees and lots of room to wander.
Clark is split in two, and each side is different.  On one half, you have a gravel area with little tables and chairs, always frequented by awkward first dates and older gentlemen playing chess.
The other side holds a good amount of play equipment for kids and the infamous 'dog bowl,' a hollow that's large enough for people to let their dogs loose.  It's all been rehabbed recently, so a lot of the issues that older reviews here mention aren't relevant any more.
The only downside are the occasionally sketch begging people.  Especially from dusk onwards, there tend to be a number of them, and they aren't shy about following you around even after you refuse to give them money or cigarettes.
So your first reaction to this update is probably "There McThrill goes  talking about Clark Park again. Big Surprise!". And your second reaction might be "Holy crap! He's actually giving Clark Park less then five stars. What the deuce?".

And well it's true. You see the first time I reviewed the park on this review, it looked at the overall aspect of Clark Park (Dog Bowl, Flea Market, Farmer's Market, etc.). But since that time you all know by now that I've significantly divided it into separate parts. So with that said I figured that I may as well use this original review to focus on the 43rd & Baltimore portion.

Honestly there's one thing that holding it back from being a perfect 5, and that's the unfortunate fact that it's sidewalk sucks balls. It has so many cracks that I'm surprised my mama hasn't snapped her back in two (I'm not that superstitious I just couldn't think of a better line ~shrugs~). And when it rains it becomes a waterlogged and mud filled mess. It's suffered from so much wear and tear over the years that quite frankly it's pretty ridiculous that an effort hasn't been made to repave it yet. Especially considering the fact that I doubt Rittenhouse Square, Love Park, and Washington Square, or even a smaller park in the Center City region would ever have to see itself go through such a condition. And that makes it a shame.

But extreme oversight aside, This park does bring in a lot of pluses. And lets just say that I don't really need to go over them again for a really long time.
Clark Park captures the essence of West Philly and everything I love about it. I often ride my bike up on weekend mornings, paper and coffee in hand, Honest Tom's breakfast taco in the other, and Giles (my dog) pulling me through the live action role players as he springs to steal their plastic swords. After a quick stroll through the park, I'll walk over to the farmer's market for a fresh peach and sit in the grass until I can feel the dew wetting my bottom.

It doesn't get much better.
Am I the only one not in love with this place?  The grounds are not well-kept, as evidenced by the grass worn bare and sidewalks mercilessly torn up.  The first time I walked in, I thought "this is a park?  It looks like someone threw a few benches into an empty lot."  And those benches are in sore need of repair.

The area near the dog bowl and playground is nice, but everything else looks pretty dilapidated.  Come here for the events (Best Fest, Shakespeare in the Park, Flea Market, Farmer's Market, etc.), but go to Malcolm X Park if you want to be somewhere that actually resembles a park.
I haven't explored this park extensively.. I just take my dogs here everyday to play in the little grassy depressed area or walk them around the periphery.  But from what I've heard, the park is actually a lot bigger than just the little area I take my dogs to. 

Generally there are lots of people here.  Children play in the playground area above the grassy area and there's also a basketball court.

People here are generally really tolerant of dogs, even the large ones, which I really appreciate since back in New Jersey, people would really get upset and start yelling at me if they even saw our dogs off lead in the grassy areas of the park.
Now that the weather is warm again, I've done a lot more hanging around in the park, whether it's picnicking, or watching everyone play with their dogs in the Dog Bowl.  It truly is one of the most interesting and special places in Philadelphia - from indie rock festivals (Best Fest) and volleyball, to flea markets and soccer.  The park truly is a microcosm of the neighborhood.

Bring your friends who hate on West Philly here (and trust me, as I have plenty of them), and once they leave, they will be singing a different tune.  There's a little bit of something for everyone here.
This is wonderful. West Philly is wonderful because of it's abundance of green space and Clark Park is at the heart of it.

They have concerts and plays in the summer, awesome flea markets, farmers markets and so many other awesome things. I don't know what the hell it is, but some days there are people dressed as wizards running around with giant swords. I like to sit and watch sometimes. It's quite entertaining.

I try to make it a daily thing to take my dogs down there. They love that park more than I do. I'm usually there at night, letting them run like maniacs around the bowl. They love to chase and knock me down then drool on my face. I wouldn't be surprised if you've noticed/heard the spectacle before.
There are some creepy bums there sometimes, but they're terrified of my dogs (pit and cane corso) so they usually just walk in the other direction.

Go hang out on a sunny spring day. West Philly living at it's finest.
Last summer, I would walk by this park, and a large Black man would walk by me mumbling "Don't fucking touch me ... Don't fucking touch me ..." and stare at me, as if to intimidate me. Then he would intentionally bump me. This happened three or so times. I thought this was the greatest joke on Earth for a while, but my I'm not sure if the comedy establishment is ready for a performer of that caliber.
Great neighborhood hub, but please install some new turf. The place is pretty worn-out with love.
In honor of completing the Yelp 100 Challenge (!!!) McThrill (16) decided to resurrect the interactive trend that I started with my 700th review of the Clark Park (17) Flea Market (http://www.yelp.com/biz/clark-park-flea-market-philadelphia#hrid:BaTZvgj5_btNyDf8HHs_sQ/src:self), since a significant update to Mcthrill's (18) previous Clark Park (19) review has been at least 3 years in the making. So without further adieu I bid you okole maluna!

When McThrill (20) left his West Philly abode for South Philly pastures a few years back it was somewhat bittersweet because his beloved Clark Park (21) was caged like a beast and he wasn't able to go for one final rendezvous. But McThrill (22) understood and supported the reason, for before the caging Clark Park's (23) sidewalks were left in complete and total disarray and in need of some significant repair, and the necessary funding was in place to make sure that Clark Park (24) would be better than ever upon its reopening. 

So wait for over a year McThrill (25) did, and on several of his returns since McThrill (26) has become enamored by the changes that have been added to his beloved Clark Park (27). The pavement has been repaved to perfection and leads to things like the Lewis Carroll statue even better. While things like the old school Clark Park (28) turtle might be missing, the new orange communal chairs make for even more of a welcoming centerpiece (and McThrill (29) is surprised that many of them haven't been stolen!). Add in plenty of old staples like the Clark Park (30) Farmers Market, the volleyball games, and LARP swordfights, and Clark Park (31) is still a classic that McThrill (32) loves!
Love this park! My husband and I have made this a weekend activity to relax, push Ian around in his stroller, play basketball and do some shopping at the Farmer's Market! Something to do for everyone.
I agree completely with Emily.  I mean there are a lot of super cool events that go on at Clark Park but it's a kind of crappy park.  It's just some grass, broken sidewalks and dirt.  

Living in center city, I wouldn't go out that way unless there is an event going on, but I couldn't see just chillaxing there with a blanket and a book like other parks.  It just seems crappy
Clark Park is an oasis in West Philly during daylight.  The north side that they redid last year is very pleasant with lots of seating and paths.  How do those orange chairs and tables not get stolen?  I had bets they'd be gone in 24 hours after they first went out there.  

The Thursday/Saturday farmer's market here is one of the best in the city, second maybe to headhouse square.  Guapos Tacos regularly makes a Thursday appearance.

The south side of Clark Park is a pretty eclectic mix of people, adjacent to University of the Sciences' campus.  It's big, shady, pleasant and has a dog bowl area with basketball courts.

Why minus one star?  Two things:  One, you might get raped/robbed/murdered if you walk through here after 10 pm.  Two,  I was trying to enjoy my lunch break in Clark Park on Wedesday,looked down, and to my left the ground was covered with bloody paper towels.  Barf.   But, all things aside, Clark Park is a great spot in West Philly.
Those who expect Clark Park to be this green oasis of well kept grounds will be disappointed.  This Park anchors that neighborhood and is more about the social than the bucolic.  With the concerts, events, farmer's market and the cafe on the corner of 43rd and Baltimore, it offers a lot.  I can live without perfect grass.
I've been going to Clark Park for ages especially since being born and raised in South West Philly. I can remember as a young kid taking the trolley to Clark Park with my best friend! So each time I visit, it just brings so much nostalgia!

Last week I took my nephew to Clark Park and he had a blast. I must say this park is huge! It actually has two sections. The first part is a nice relaxing place to socialize with your loves and you can set up tables and just unwind. The second part has the big dog park as well as the playground for the children to run, jump and have a great time. They also offer a basketball court where local youths from the area go and get there game on!

I enjoy going to Clark Park especially on the weekends they offer so much entertainment. This weekend they had vendors and I mostly enjoyed the vendor that offered African print clothing. I also saw vendors who was selling incense, jewelry and Bohemian style clothing.

I encourage all to visit Clark Park, it's a fun time for everyone!!
I like this park as a meeting place in West Philadelphia. I used to come here for a stroll when buying coffee at Greenline cafe across the street. I have yet to attend the flea markets or farmers markets on weekends, but it is definitely on my to do list. 

This is the perfect park to lay on the grass and read a book. There are people playing volleyball and barbecuing nearby. The Baltimore Avenue Dollar stroll takes place near this park, as there are a plethora of small restaurants and shops.
Shakespeare in the Park!! Great place for an outdoor show in the summer time.
I was at some kind of fest here and ended up playing kickball with a bunch of people. I remember going home really dusty and dirty, but lots of fun was had.
What few people know is that this was the site of the largest hospital for wounded soldiers during the Civil War....Satterlee Hospital
I got into the flea market and bazaar scene for a bit last summer and a couple of Uhuru fests, but I don't think I'll be into them as much this time around. I was mostly looking for records and cool African/Caribbean jewelry. The farmer's market is cool too. 

Realistically, Clark Park is not the heart of West Philly. It's the heart of the surrounding University City enclave. It and Cedar Park are a delta where Southwest Philly meets University City meets West Philly.
good for picnics or just lounging on a beautiful sunny day.
clark park is the best park in philly! great for taking your dog for his/her own social hour or to hang out with friends or with a book.
A really great West Philly park in a really great area on Baltimore Avenue. It is split into 2 with a basketball court closer to the University of the Sciences campus and lots of play area for children. There is the "bowl" area where lots of people like to play games. There are also lots of events here such as a farmer's market, various flea markets, food trucks and Shakespeare in the Park. There are tables on the side closer to Baltimore Avenue where you can sit and enjoy lunch or a cup of coffee. Also, there are great chess players here if you are looking for a challenge.
Clark park is everything i want in a park and more. Any day of the week in this park, there is not a dull moment! This park comes complete with a "dog bowl", a large children's playground (which, by the way, is outfitted with bounce back safety surfacing - no worries on cracked noggins), for those nature lovers out there, this park has a complete detailed listing as well as location of each and every tree in the park (with latin and common names) , larping pre-teens on saturday (if you have never seen the likes of these kids, get your lazy ass to clark park on a saturday around noon - the kids are armed with foam swords and battling it out - survival of the fittest along with all the hilarity and hijinx you would expect - it does not get any better than this free entertainment!), flea markets with so much vinyl, you leave feeling like jam master jay in the 80's  and one of the best parts -  a kick ass farmers market  every saturday from 10 - 2 May through Thanksgiving -  good people, good quailty produce and flowers, good local venders and a warm fuzzy feeling you get when you buy local.
Enjoy your summer and be a friend to clark park!
Three excellent things about Clark Park:

1) Shakespeare in the Park. Yes, it's only one week a year, but it is a lot of fun to sit on the grass and listen to truncated versions of the bard's greatest hits.
2) The Farmer's Market. Delicious, fairly affordable produce, fantastic Amish breads (the zucchini bread in the mini loaf is an indulgence I don't even feel guilty about), and generally fun to browse. One memorable event last summer was an extended discussion about heirloom tomatoes with a guy who was really, really excited to be selling them to me. My other favorite was the spice vendor, with cute, .75 cent packets of various spices that are generally not in the supermarket.
3) LARPers. Or whatever the hell these guys are doing on Saturdays. I had just gotten out of the hospital and was sitting by the Dickens statue enjoying the clean air, and I have to say that watching ~20 30 year olds and a bunch of children hitting each other with styrofoam swords really made my day a lot cheerier.

Yes, it might not be the prettiest park. Yes, there are bums (the first time I was ever in the park was on a third date last summer and we were catcalled by some homeless gentlemen). But overall, it's a fun, friendly neighborhood park where you can buy some coriander or watch the latest epic battle.
Definitely a great park anybody can go to. There is abundant space for dog walking, going on jogs, and space for kids to play. This park is always taken care of and hosts many events and activities. 

There are usually people playing sports, exercising, and walking throughout the day making it very safe and family friendly. 

There are food trucks near the university of the sciences campus allowing people to purchase good food not far from the park. Parking is good. 

Try to avoid certain areas of the park during the night as there is limited lighting and potentially dangerous individuals lurking around these spots. 

Overall a great park to visit in the daytime
this is sort of a specific review for the whole park, but the Amish guy who sells yogurt, eggs and veggies at the farmer's market-- closest stand to the Green Line-- has the BEST goat's milk yogurt.  Really fresh, which with goat's milk yogurt means pretty thin and not too tart.  Goat's milk yogurt is hard to find, and I've been going back every week since I moved to the neighborhood (uh, 3 weeks ago).

but yeah, the park in general gets 5 stars too.
I attended Clark Park Music & Arts Festival this year as a vendor and the atmosphere was very pleasant. For vendors interested for next year, it wasn't exactly all I expected in revenue but the atmosphere and the networking was warm and friendly.

Great day in the park!
For a small park, Clark Park has so much personality. The Farmer's Market on the weekends is not the only reason why this park has so much style. It is surrounded by a plefora of small cafes, restaurants and shops. 

The park is located right in the artery of Baltimore Avenue, one of the most diverse locations in West Philly. The only reason why I did not give out a 5-star rating is because of the dog crap.

Yes, there are literally an abundance of dog poop in the area. It would not be such a problem, as long as you do not sit down on the grass.
Clark Park is a totally awesome part of West Philadelphia.  When we first moved to Philadelphia my girlfriend would often go for picnics or just for a nice place to sit and enjoy some quasi-nature.  We always admired the giant ditch where the dogs run around and it prompted us to adopt a dog of our own.  Our dog is kind of lazy and antisocial so she doesn't run around with all the other dogs like we had hoped but she still has fun having a big open space where she can sniff around without her leash on.  It's fun to meet all the other dog owners or to watch the kids playing in the park.  Clark Park is the best!!
Excellent park established in 1895 and maintained by the winning combination of Philadelphia Parks & Recreation, the Friends of Clark Park, the University City District, and USciences.  Two whole city blocks of green space, with places to play chess, volleyball, soccer, and catch.  You can also walk comfortably or just hang out on the signature orange chairs in the North Park redesigned by Studio Bryan Haines in 2010.
Lovely, clean park with the West Philly local flavor, plus always something really interesting going on. This week is Parks on Tap and Shakespeare in the Park, for example. The farmers market that sets up shop every Sat is small, but wonderful and friendly as well.
Great Park. Maintenance not up to par resulting in the recession of grass in critical areas. Because of all these "bald" spots including one large one referred to as the clark park bowl, there is a lot of dust that I end up eating.
Clark Park. Situated in a sketchy area of University City, it is a place where you might be able to forget (for a few seconds... not too long!) that you are in a crime infested area. 

Really its not that bad though. Clark Park is great for a stroll or picnic. I love the playground. Yes I am 20 years old and I still love the swings! I am NOT ashamed!!

I also love the occasional flea markets and the farmers market. Sometimes they even have outdoor concerts.
Nice small park with pathways, a commemorative stone from/for Gettysburg, and plenty of benched and tables. There's plenty of open grass space for blankets, picnics, reading, kids play, etc. A nice quiet green spot in the city.
This place is one of the greats. I have many fond memories of biking here, drinking a 40 out of a paper bag and watching kids LARP by the playground and watching dogs run around in the dog bowl. There are some great food options nearby (pizza, milk and honey, green line) and there is always something interesting going on, when it is warm out. I've seen shakespeare performances here, spiral q's annual peoplehood parade, weekly farmers markets...Hands down my favorite park in philly.
NEEDS A BATHROOM.  
PLEASE PHILLY JUST GIVE THE PEOPLE SOMETHING.  

A BATHROOM CAN'T BE TOO MUCH TO ASK FOR IN A PUBLIC PARK.  Even one of those 25 cent numbers that opens the door and kicks you out after 15 minutes would suffice.
long ago, dinosaurs roamed the earth, including (but not limited to) west philly. this was a really long time ago. way before will smith was sent off to bel air.

anyway as we all know a meteor hit the earth and suddenly there were no more dinosaurs. however, we now have clark park, as well as plenty of semi-affordable apartments in the surrounding area for aspiring vegetarian cat ladies who enjoy knitting.

clark park is cool, but it seems a little disjointed with chester ave cutting it down the middle. how many times have i been told "hey, come meet us at clark park!" and then i get there and walk around in circles for a half hour like an idiot before i realize my friends are across the street, ready to leave.

also, i am not a big fan of the lack of restroom options. the port-a-potties there are fucking disgusting. i know, i know, if you hang out at clark park you probably live at 46th and baltimore, so what do you care? i believe every public park should have an olympic-sized restroom building in the center, beaming with light like a beacon and having fancy music playing 24 hours a day. sort of like a casino, but without the gambling - just the restroom aspect.

as for the crater in the middle of the park... i don't know... you can't lay down there. that's where people unleash their dogs and babies. i guess it's probably cool in the winter for sledding, but otherwise, i would much rather see the park people fill it with water and make a lake (or swimming pool) or pave it over and make a skate bowl.

so overall, clark park is a pretty chill place to relax and fall asleep under a tree, and for that i must say that i am truly a fan, and it deserves four shining stars.
Love this park.  I'll pack up those kids & drive across the Walt just to come here on a fine Saturday afternoon.  The park is actually 2 city blocks large & there is usually always something fun happening on a Saturday morning or afternoon.

We like to visit the playgrounds, of which there are 2, both the toddler & the "big" kids one.  Kid #1 has recently decided he is ready to "graduate" to the big kids area because they have real swings & longer slides.  They both have that springy, foamy stuff covering the ground so any falls are somewhat helped by that.

The fancy lunch trucks parked here are also a big draw.  Delicious offerings may include Middle Eastern, vegan banh-mi and a taco/torta truck... yum!  All reasonably priced too.  And of course, there is the year-round Clark Park farmer's market that lines the other side of the park.  That's a whole nother review in itself.  

Shakespeare in the Park, monthly flea markets and more can be found here.  It's nice to give the little ones a taste of city life on a regular basis I think.  It may not always be pretty, but it's usually a pretty fun time at Clark Park.
This review is just for the Dog Bowl:

This area is more like a "unofficial dog park". It's a wide and long hollowed-out area where your pooches can play. That being said, if you are afraid of dogs, I wouldn't come near here; there aren't any fences. There aren't any poop bags or water for your dogs. Another thing, the center has been worn and there's more dirt than grass, leading to muddled pants even when it's dry. I imagine that it could get real dirty after some rain.

It's a large spot for dogs to play, but I can't see myself going out of my way to come here.
Clark Park is an urban oasis! It's a fairly big green space in West Philly. There's tables and chairs on one side and a good amount of benches. There always a food truck or two n the weekends. There's a cool statue of Charles Dickens. The park gets crowded in nice weather and weekends. It's clean. The park doesn't have bathrooms but there are restaurants, coffee shops, and ice cream shops nearby. There's a farmer's market on Saturday. It's a great place for all ages!
While there are billions of good reasons to go to West Philadelphia, Clark Park is probably my favorite reason for it.  It's so peaceful and green. It's the perfect place to relax and read a book, toss around a frisbee, or to just go for a nice walk. I feel that Liberty Lands Park is a little better when it comes to wide open space, but the area around Clark Park has so much more to offer (at least for now since the part of Northern Liberties by Liberty Lands is under a lot of construction).
There's also plenty of events going on inside it. Flea and Farmers's markets galore as everyone else has said. But it also has one of my favorite music fests every summer (even though it ended up not letting all the bands who were scheduled to play this year play!). It's also going to even have a production of Romeo and Juliet going on early next month. That's right, Shakespeare in a wide open park!
Something nice about Clark Park is that it's like a community meeting spot.  If you sit here on a sunny weekend afternoon, you're likely to run into everyone you know who's even remotely from the area.
Clark park is a deluge of humanity, embodying all that is great about the city.  From the Uhuru flea market, to movies, to acting, to parties, this park has it all.  If you're in the area and have 10 minutes to swing by you should.  

Hi-lites of the park include the dog bowl, the drum circles, the chess games, and of course the jungle gyms.  

Famously, there are LARPers (Live Action Role Players) who come sunday mornings to act out their magical quests.  Totally worth getting a coffee at the greenline and watching.  

This park is a perfect activity if you have children!
I heart Clark Park so hard it hurts.  Day or night, you will find people organically drawn to this place to play, to study, to meet, to relax, to party, to explore.  There are plenty of organized activities but what really gets me are all the ways that people feel free to gather there just because it's a sunny Tuesday or a mystical midnight.  I have had so many lovely times in this park throughout my life and I look forward to many more.  Clark Park Forever!
