I had to start up a yelp page for this business because of what happened at an event this weekend. Colors & Bottles basically hosts small painting classes around the city. We went to an event because we found a Groupon for it, and thought it would be a nice afternoon activity for our group of friends. The event was nice and relaxing, and the people running the show seemed accomodating enough, but the paintbrushes were old and stiff, they were short on paper towels, and wouldn't let us clean out our water because they didn't have any more? They couldn't go fill up a pitcher in the restroom?

Anyways, all of these things are forgiveable because the overall painting experience was nice and we all left with a decent painting. HOWEVER, while we were in wine bar letting our paintings dry, my friend's belongings were ALL STOLEN from the basement. Yes, they should not have been left unattended , but it was an honest mistake and we were told to leave that area by the directors of the program, so we didn't think anyone else would be in that area for a long time. The only other people in the area were members of the small painting party of maybe 15 people.

The director, who has the e-mails and contact information of all attendees, said that she would send an e-mail out to everyone. SHE NEVER DID. The wine bar employees also didn't bat an eye at this. SO EXTREMELY SHADY. I am not pointing fingers at anyone, but it was obviously 1 of maybe 10 people who committed the theft, and the director of the program could have done more to put as at ease that the items would be found. Where is the integrity of this program, and why would we ever want to come back if we can't trust the people running the show, or the people running the bar upstairs. The items that were stolen are long gone at this point, and my friend filed a police report and returned to the bar a few times, but it left a very unpleasant taste in our mouths, and I would never attend an event with this group again. Nobody should ever leave their items unattended in Philadelphia, but this would have been the last place on my list of theivery risks. It was a weekend painting party, for goodness' sake!
This is probably one of the most poorly run businesses I've encountered in Pittsburgh. I purchased two seats to an event at S Bar in June. The event was cancelled only two days before it was set to take place. My guess is they couldn't sell enough seats. They then told me I could pick a replacement class, but I'd have to email them with the painting name, date and location to reschedule. After watching their site on and off for three months, I finally found a painting I wanted, and it appeared as though they had seats available. I sent an email and was not contacted until two days later. They said "Unfortunately, this class is full. You'll have to select another." The class wasn't full when I sent the email, and they've refused to give me my money back. If you want a class like this, I'd urge you to go to Paint Monkey. They actually know what they're doing.
This place is like a traveling Paint Monkey... Only the canvas is not really canvas (It is one of those flat boards that you can't actually hang up). The painting isn't drawn on, and they do not give enough instruction for someone that doesn't know how to paint, and the whole thing seems VERY disorganized (they didn't ask us for proof that we paid, or even our names). 

Overall, I was pretty disappointed :( Sarah S and I went to the one at the Beerhive. They had us seated in the loft area at round tables. So, with these huge canvases set up, sot only could you not see what the instructor was doing, or hear what she was saying (because of the noise downstairs), but it was super dark AND I couldn't see or talk to Sarah S. the whole time ...

Why would you want to go to a painting class where you can't even talk to your friends, see your painting, hear the instructor, or see what she is doing. Blah. On top of that, there just wasn't enough room on each round bar table for 4 people with 4 canvases, so we kept knocking things over.

I really wish they would get their shit together, because it seems like a great idea, but unless someone else reviews them saying they have changed, I won't be going back.
If I could give less than one star I would.  We rescheduled this and when we arrived the featured painting was not the one we had chosen and registered for.  It wasn't even similar.  Turns out the person who knew how to paint what we wanted to paint quit.  Instead of contacting us and letting us know they just assigned a new painting assuming it would be fine.  I spoke with the instructor who told me someone would contact me.  No one did.  So I waited a week and contacted someone via the chat option on their website.  I asked for a refund.  I was put "on hold" multiple times and was finally told this was a matter the CEO had to address.  I was told she'd be in touch.  A week goes by.  Nothing.  I sent an email to the company, outlining all of the above.  That was a week ago.  Still nothing.  I just want my money back so I can forget this company exists.  If they keep treating people this way they won't be around much longer anyway.
Popular concept, easy to book but unorganized. They didn't have enough aprons.  The canvas wasn't even on a wooden frame (just a flat board that you can't hang).  The bar was so loud that we couldn't hear the instructor.  The space was cramped with not much area for movement between you and the artists next to you. Their execution was just sloppy.  Overall, it's still a fun time if you can look beyond my points above.
I went to a recent Colors and Bottles class at The Baltimore House in Pleasant Hills. We had a group of 6 and someone from Colors and Bottles had originally helped us with securing a date and place that we could all book. We also had groupons which was great because we got to try it out at a discounted price. 

The venue itself left a bit to be desired (service there was not great). If the venue was better i would have given a 5 star rating. However, the Colors and Bottles staff were warm, friendly and made the experience enjoyable. All of us had a lot of fun during the painting process and the guided instruction was helpful. There was plenty of time to enjoy drinks and food too. We ended up loving our paintings so much! We will definitely be going back for more. We might even book a private event. 

I would recommend this to anyone interested in creating a take-home piece of art and having an enjoyable evening out.
I discovered Colors & Bottles thanks to a Groupon. I had been wanting to do one of the new styles of painting parties for quite some time, but didn't want to shell out the cash. They usually range around $30-40 a class from what I've seen with other companies. The Groupon lowered it to a reasonable $17, so I was in. Two of my girlfriends and I went to the event at 83 Gallery in the Short North. I honestly had no idea what to expect. We knew what painting we were going to create and that we could bring our own wine and beer and that was enough for us. The perfectionist in me wanted the instructor to really instruct, like step by step by step by step by.... until the end. That was not the case, though. I would say it was more painting tips than instruction. After giving some guidance to the whole group, the instructor would then walk around the class and help one-on-one if it was needed. Then instruction sort of fell off the wayside and people just moved forward on their own. The instructor came back and saved my precious flower at one point. I did walk away with a very nice painting (almost) all my own. My girls and I had a lot of fun. Carefree and casual it was. Class-like and instruction-guided not so much. I probably would do it again, but only at a discounted price and now with the knowledge that my anal-retentive-perfectionist-gotta-be-the-A-plus-student self won't be fulfilled. I'll have to turn in to the drink-a-bottle-of-wine-and-throw-my-cares-to-the-wind-and-if-the-painting-is-pretty-it's-pretty-and-if-not-deal-with-it kind of girl.
I am absolutely appalled by the customer service at Colors & Bottles.  I attended a painting class as a fun and unique way to unwind and try something different. So much fun, in fact, that my friend and I decided to purchase vouchers right then and there for another class at a discounted rate.  The instructor took our money, handed us vouchers, and told us we were ready to sign up for another class.  Hooray!  Right?  NO.

Full of excitement, I went to sign up for another painting class! To my horror, I realize that to register, I need a voucher code - that isn't on my voucher.  I use the chat feature on the website - no response.  I email the information contact provided - no response.  I call - no response.  I email again and again and again.  Do I really have to tell you what happened next? (In case you couldn't guess - NOTHING).

Finally, months (yes, literally months) after numerous inquiries and pleas, someone from C & B emails asking "Have you received a code yet?"  To which I promptly replied, "No, I have not, please send me a code to use."  It's been over a month since that correspondence alone, and I've heard nothing. 

Colors & Bottles will apparently take your money and run.  Terrible, horrible, ludicrously bad customer service.  I'm still waiting for my code...
I am really disturbed by the manner in which this business is run.  There is a lack of professionalism and an extreme disregard for customer service.  My statements are based on my experience trying to take a class posted on their Philadelphia calendar.  Weeks ahead of time, I signed up for the class and cleared my schedule.  Just two days before the class date, I received a short email telling me that the class was cancelled without so much as an explanation as to why.  (My belief is that not enough people signed up for the mid-week class so they decided to cancel the class instead of having to pay an instructor and the venue to hold the class for just a few people.)  I was really turned off by how they handled the class cancellation so I didn't want to go to the trouble of signing up for another class.  When I asked for a refund, the VP of customer service & events refused.  I pointed out that if the situation had been reversed, I would have had to give 5 days notice (as stated on their website) to cancel my reservation for the class, and in this case Colors & Bottles only gave 2 days' notice.  I then stated that since Colors & Bottles had not given me the courtesy of canceling the reservation with 5 days notice, it seemed reasonable that the entire contract should be rescinded and I should be given a refund.  The VP did not even respond to my argument.

At this point, I've asked them to send me merchandise (an easel on their website) instead of giving me another class.  Let's see what happens.
