Comcast is THE worst company. I called in for a service quote for the tv/internet/phone bundle and got (what i felt) was a reasonable price. I run a home business, and my son is homeschooled so when I anticipated my move to my new home I called ahead so there would be no interruption in service. Not only was I without service for over two weeks because of Comcast and their failure to advise that it wasnt a "plug and go" situation like they claimed it was, but I had spent a lot of time on the phone just to learn that information. Fast forward a few months, my bill went up significantly so I called in to customer service and was bamboozled with their "you must sign a contract to keep the price you were at" scam they run on people. I knew no better at that time and had I known their game I certainly would not have done that. Right after the contract was put in place, my service declined to the point where it couldn't be used effectively for what i needed it for. I spent countless hours on the phone troubleshooting the issues, countless numbers of techs coming to the house, and exchanging their equipment all in an attempt to cover themselves. I lost SO MUCH MONEY from my home business (not to mention my sons education was suffering at that point) all the while paying them as agreed EVERY SINGLE MONTH. I had an ephiphany. I was being a total doof paying for nothing. Not just what they were billing me monthly, but THOUSANDS every month by way of lost income and the bill. I had enough. I was forced to terminate service based solely on THEIR breach. When doing so, they delayed service termination for a week resulting in additional fees as well as hitting me for a $280 early termination fee that they caused. As a result, my credit has suffered greatly because i refuse to let them keep bullying me by stealing my money. High school days are over you wont pat me down and steal my lunch money comcast!! I have (again) spent hours on the phone since march simply trying to get them to realize what they did and make right their wrong but all they do is deny requests, become irate, and act like you are the problem. There is apparently and arbitration clause in that bs verbal contract they record (but say nothing of conveniently) which says you cannot pursue a class action lawsuit and must go through their arbitration process. So per my attorney i called them to get the arbitration paperwork (being that i was the customer) and the rep outright denied my right as outlined by THEIR contract to arbitration. I called back and spoke to someone else who was (finally!!) helpful who revealed that not only did they see all my complaints but that they went through my entire record and found that not only was comcast suppose to write off the bogus charges but they in fact owed ME money. Really!? So no wonder why they didnt want to really look into my complaint. They ruined my credit when they owe me money. Freaking wow.
It is a building shaped like "USB"?? Not sure if it is creative or just.... But it is definitely one of the landmark in Philadelphia. It is one of the tallest buildings in the city. It is a nice view to see the high rise buildings together.
Architechurally, this place is beuatiful. The building is 58 stories high and it really stands out the most of any other building in the city. Once you enter the lobby, you're met by a massive 83 ft wide high-def led screen. They play little skits on it all day long and they have special shows during the holidays. The picture is so good, it almost looks 3D. The architecture in the lobby is just as eye catching as it is on the outside. Downstairs, they have a few high end boutiques and a food court. There's also a seasonal cafe that has outdoor dining. But other than that, there's nothing else to see. You can't go to the top of the building. You can't even go past the lobby. It almost seems like a tease that you can't see anymore of the building.
Overall I've had a terrible experience with comcast Internet service. Very regularly I have had unusable Internet speeds (extremely slow) that is substantially below what I am paying for. I have attempted to resolve the issue with comcast repeatedly over the last several weeks, but all of their "fixes" last a matter of hours and then I'm back to being stuck with the same unusable, low quality Internet service that I had previously. To make matters worse, their customer service is slow and not helpful. Multiple times I was disconnected from the customer service representative that I was talking to only to have to call back to start the whole explanation over again. Each time they would take my number down so that they could "call back if we were disconnected", but never did they actually call me back. And then finally when I was able to talk to someone and fully explain the issue, they were unable to resolve the problem  due to a lack of access, knowledge, or some combination of the two. As it stands, I still have incredibly slow Internet and will be cancelling my service with comcast at the next billing cycle. This has been a horrific and wasteful experience in which comcast has effectively stolen my money without providing the services they promised. Overall comcast is a horrible company to do business with. 

Please feel free to re-post the above with your own complaints and maybe the near-monopoly comcast will do something about their terrible service quality. 

You can also file complaints or give negative reviews on the Better Business Bureau's website.
Had problem with new home, "the phone on the triple play package never worked when it rained". The approach to troubleshooting an issue especially an intermittent one was poor.    Every time I called for status or report the issue, went through great pain having to repeat the issue each time. Either information didn't get captured in a central data-bases, or people didn't follow protocols of taking accurate notes, or, protocols not right. Many people (10 over 6 weeks) said they'd own the problem until fixed, but didn't. Tried to escalate to supervisors and managers with a reasonable timeframes, but consistently blocked and on rare instances when I did get a supervisor, they didn't own the problem. Systems and info not transferred between India call centers, regular field techs and outside plant techs didn't talk or share files nor appointment schedules etc...The only reason I didn't give a one or two stars, is finally I heard from "Mike" (regret no more info gotten) who owned it. He had a tech come out, isolate the problem, repair the issue and called me back several time over a 2-3 week period to ensure that after rain, the problem was correctly ID'd and fixed. Kudos Mike. CC can thank you for the 3 stars when this could have been yet another example of a cable company delivering poor customer service.
UNETHICAL PRACTICES

Over years, I found that my snail-mail bill was not received at times, and by the time I realized it, I had to pay Comcast a $5 late charge fee.

No way that the post office could have lost my bill in the mail that many times.

Now, I make the payment automatic, which was surprisely an ancient process - they don't take credit cards - only payments from checking account payments?

Now that Comcast has branded themselves with a new name, Xfinity, their customer service is still Below Average.

Wish I had options !
Definitely a must stop at Christmas kids will love it! Get there early to sit up close you will be sitting on the floor. Starbucks is right inside the building to the left of the stage downstairs there are shots in the cafeteria is lots of goodies and coffee
This is a really cool building with amazing screens showing a variety of shorts while we were there, in the nicely air conditioned lobby (important as there is a heat advisory currently). The food court downstairs has a nice array of offerings that are a big step up from the basic mall food courts. The best part of our visit was the kind and friendly attention from the security staff. I witnessed an older gentleman security guard, dressed in a navy suit, approach a crying young lady to check on her and give comfort. It was so tender it brought tears to my eyes. I wasn't sure if it would be okay for me to approach her and while I debated, the security guard came over so problem solved. I felt like someone with an ID badge would be more acceptable so I felt relieved. Great folks in Philly!
My complaint is a combination of terrible customer service and billing issues. Unfortunately, my area currently is providing only one provider option for internet services. I do not require television, so a "bundle" is not feasible due to it costing more monthly and overall within a contract period. I have had Comcast for a little over a year. I signed up for a year subscription. Did not opt out of paper billing. For whatever reason have not received a paper bill since November 2017. I typically pay online regardless. I recently received a much higher bill than usual. I called the customer loyalty phone number to inquire and try to rectify the issue on 3 separate occasions and was not assisted. I was met with disdain, fault, and attitude especially the third call. All 3 employees refused to let me speak to a supervisor. I have had comcast years past and they were very helpful at that point in time, so we renewed with them. This time, however, I am disgusted by the work ethic and customer service provided by their 3 employees in their customer loyalty section, especially the third employee. I did give the third gentleman attitude in return and cancelled my service completely. I fully understand that due to Comcast currently monopolizing my area my only other option is to not have any internet service. I am not happy about this, but it is better than supporting Comcast and their business practices. Please deal with this ridiculous and atrocious company so that no other customer will have to experience this. I will sign up with another company once they break Comcast's hold on my area even if they cost more. The only way I might ever consider Comcast is if they rectified this situation, including my higher costing bill, and provide a feasible service and cost rate. Otherwise, I can wholeheartedly say I do not recommend this company to anyone.
If your looking for a cable service, go away now. They don't care about you, me or anyone. I left Fios for this?!! They act like I'm the first house that they've ever worked on that has utility power connected to it. Giving the run around on why my cable can not be installed! How long have you been in business? Smh. Since 10-22-19 til today 11-4-19 I've been without cable and internet because of a service entrance cable!!! You got to be kidding me... get better installers and start giving a damn about your future customers
I live in close proximity to the Comcast center and think that they really do a great job maintaining this building and the surrounding grounds.  The landscaping is always well manicured. Inside the lobby behind the desk is a giant screen where there is a changing video display. the building itself is well designed and charming.
