It's easy to hate Comcast. As a customer for nearly 20 years with well over $45,000 shot into the greedy maw of Philadelphia's most despised cartel, it's definitely not a hard conclusion to come to... brutal customer service calls, technicians that don't show and a bedside manner torn directly from take no prisoners playbook has me feeling Xtra Xasperated towards Xfinity. My cable comes up and then disappears for literally no reason. So why three stars?

Well, remoting-in for many months has left me completely reliant on their wireless internet service, it would be completely disingenuous to slam these guys. It's up 95% of the time at speeds somewhere in the vicinity of what they promised. It still costs a fortune and they remain impossible to pin down on the phone but all things being equal, in the monopoly world they dominate, three stars is a windfall.

As I said cable is another story... but I promised to keep my blood pressure down just below blow out territory.
Comcast internet is crap and you get lied to by the retention specialists. 

We had basic internet/cable for a year, was about to go up to $75 a month (Seriously? That much for basic?) so called to cancel. We were given an offer for faster internet and more channels for $49.81 a month. The person said the internet speed should start immediately. 

Two days later, internet speed was the same and got a bill for $75. Called to find out what was going on, after a long time of waiting and talking was told that I could not receive the offer, the person had left no notes and that I could only get a new offer at a higher price. All this despite the fact that I have an email from the person with the offer in it. 

THIS IS REDICULOUS. I still cannot grasp how they cannot offer me the same promotion. Worst service EVER. Use whatever company you can but not Comcast.
Ok, Comcast service sucks, we get it.  But the building itself (the Comcast center) houses the largest TV in the world.  It's all LEDs, no projector involved.  Their lobby is open late, and was a nice place to stop before turning in to the hotel for the night.  There's not much to do here, but the TV is definitely something to see...nay, experience.
The building is gorgeous and adds some architecture delight to the downtown scene. Putting Philadelphia on the map apart from a silly sandwich and something about founding a country.
Since beginning to work with PCs in 1982 I have used many servers and companies across the lower 48.  Comcast has definitely been the worst of them all.  Even now in the 21st century their email system operates at a slower and less efficient pace than my Compaq portable with 4.5 inch floppy drives that ran on DOS.  It's past time to leave Comcast and never come back like I did with its cable TV.  Things worked out much better after dropping the cable tv over 13 years ago.  Satellite has had better color and sound so I believe about any different internet service must be much better.
The new Comcast Center is a gorgeous high-rise.  HOPEFULLY the first thing you'll notice in the lobby is the huge-A TV screen.  The TV spans the whole back wall and features bizarre clips of people running around, nature, and clocks.  It's pretty amazing.  Besides the office space it also houses a market downstairs where you can get lunch or buy seafood, chocolate and gifts.  Definitely worth a trip.
Horrible. A very bad company. I called from my house and gave them SA number and account number. Told them all details of the $200 bill. They would not lower it. Whores. Wall Street Whores!  You know what I mean!
These must be absolutely the worst people on the planet. Arrogant, deceitful and thoroughly incompetent they provide very expensive but unreliable internet and cable TV on a de facto Monopoly basis.
There is nothing good to say about them. Both my services are down they've been down since last night. You can't reach an agent you can only reach a bot and their system has the unmitigated goal to tell me I'm not entitled to a credit.
Let's hope on one fine day shit falls on everyone who works at this miserable deceitful incompetent scummy predatory piece of s*** corporation.
