Great historic site to visit!

After the tour at the Independence Hall we headed to the Congress Hall for another tour. Tours are given every 30 minutes by on site park rangers. This one didn't require tickets and we walked in and found seating. The park ranger spoke for almost 30 minutes and towards the end did a Q&A with the visitors. 

Did you know that this was once the home of the United States Congress? The newly formed United States Congress occupied Congress Hall when Philadelphia was the temporary capital of the United States from 1790-1800.  The first floor was occupied by the House of Representatives. This place is a great place to visit. So much history in a building and was very interesting and worthwhile to see. The ranger went on to include the present politics in his narrative. Visiting here and Independence Hall has inspired me to revisit my American history... it's amazing how much of it I've forgotten but I think some of our current elected officials in Congress look as old as this building... well preserved?

The Congress Hall building is to the right of the main entrance. Tickets are free but you need to get them at the Visitors Center to enter the Independence hall grounds. After a security check screening you can visit all the buildings. We were fortunate that our visit wasn't during the government shutdown which happened a little after a month later. While you're here also visit the Liberty Bell and Independence Hall as they are close by.

Review #1258
While we were in Philadelphia we got the tour and walk around Congress Hall and some other sites. We really enjoyed ourselves it's cool to see all the traditional homes and things that's happened the declaration of independence and just a rich history of America so this was an E town to visit for sure and I will absolutely go back to Philadelphia because I had a great time
Congress Hall is not not as famous or visited as much as a Independence Hall or the Liberty Bell, but it does not make it any less historic, important, or interesting. Located right next to Independence Hall, Congress Hall is where the first first House off Representatives and Senate of the United States met and debated from 1790 to 1800. 

Unlike Independence Hall, no tickets are necessary. Unlike the Liberty Bell, the line to get in is rather short. To get in, you must be part of a tour which is provided by the Rangers of the National Park Service on a first come first served basis. I believe taking this tour will be well worth your time. 

The Ranger starts the tour on the lower floor where the House of Representatives met. Here you are actually allowed to sit down!  Although the area appears as it did in 1790 it has actually been completely restored. The Ranger will tell stories of how our founding fathers struggled to interpret the U.S. Constitution. He will also talk about the significant events that occurred in that room including the inauguration of two presidents (Washington and Adams). 

The second floor however, where the Senate met, is viewed from behind a rope, since most of the furnishings are still original!  This room is much more ornate and adorned with heavy red drapes. The floor also has original portraits of Louis XVI and Marie Antoinette, given by France to the U.S. after the American Revolution.  

Congress Hall is open from 9-5 daily and should be a stop when visiting Independence National Historical Park.
A friend and I were visiting Philadelphia last weekend and decided to take in some historical sites. We got tickets for the tour of Independence Hall. We arrived early and were told we had time to tour Congress Hall before our tour. When Philadelphia served as the temporary capital the U.S. from 1790 to 1800, Congress met in this building (the House of Representatives on the first floor and the Senate upstairs). The first two presidents took their oaths of office in the building. Unfortunately, not much inside the building is original (it was used for other purposes after Congress moved to DC). The tour is quick. You take a seat in the reproduction furniture in the room that was used by the House, while a park ranger gives a description of the history of the building. Then you can walk around and take in the details (but the room is sparse). During COVID, the tour does not include the upstairs chamber used by the Senate because it is much smaller and doesn't allow for social distancing. If you have some time, it's not bad to include before or after your Independence Hall tour, but I wouldn't call it a must see!
To stand where so many of our forefathers sat and fought over what would become our country's laws, was so awesome. Congress Hall served as the seat of the United States Congress from December 6, 1790 to May 14, 1800. It was also where the inauguration of George Washington's second term and John Adams' first term took place. So much history took place here. I
A big thank you to the great park rangers who gave the tour of Congress hall. They were both well-informed and well-versed in American history. I didn't catch their names, wish I did. It was so wonderful to have toured the very building our first United States congress presided. In the second session, I believe, after they relocated from Federal hall in NYC. So much fascinating American history took place here. I recommend visiting here!
Really cool tour of Congress Hall.  They break down how the seating went and how there was the lower level of congress (hence, the bottom floor) and the upper floor of congress (those that sat on the top floor).  

All this time, I kept hearing the upper and lower congress and had no idea where that came from.  (Insert NBC's "The More You Know").

Really cool.. There is something really neat about being able to sit where our founding fathers sat and just taking in that you're exactly where history happened.
