They have a decent early bird special now, $10 9am to 6pm. Started working at pafa and thought this was the best option... There was a garage next to pafa but it was leave your key type which I don't like. 

This garage is fairly new and a lot of police park in there so it's fairly safe. However, management posted a sign saying they aren't responsible for the theft or damage to your car.... That sucks. 

I did notice the parking spots are tight, however I tend to park at wider spaces so that's not an issue for new. The elevator is spacious and quick, with glass to have a view if the convention center. 

Minus one star because getting in and out requires more driving skills than normal... It's REALLY tight going through the gates. Careful long bed trucks. 

PS, my first time parking there, I was 6 minutes late for early bird.... It was $25 all day. Rip off.
Park here and not at your over-priced hotel!  How does $26 overnight parking sound compared to probably $40+?  That's what we did as we were staying at the Le Meridian on Arch Street which was a few blocks away.
 
EXPERIENCE:
We happened to come upon this place as we rented a car through Budget which has an office on the ground floor of the parking structure and houses their cars on level 2.  Levels 3 to 9 are public.
 
There is however a catch to this affordability.  When accessing the elevators, I noticed many other people going up to the upper levels to access their vehicle.  Why was this happening when the lower levels were wide open?  I'll tell you why.  Due to the structure's design, you literally have to drive to the top level (9) in order to access the exit ramp.  Yes, you heard it right.  You have to drive to the top and back down in order to exit.  The Budget/Avis car rental level (2) however, has an exclusive quick exit to level 1 and out. 
 
TIPS:
Stalls were of average size.  Maneuvering throughout can be challenging for large vehicles.
 
Payment kiosks are located near the elevators.  Insert your ticket, pay with cash or card, and receive another ticket for exiting.  No human interaction.
 
OVERALL:
What could've been a 5-star is a strong 3 due to the brainless design.
Go online & get the 10$ off ticket!! 

For a parking garage, this one is awesome and I beat paying 50$ a day for my hotel parking !
I am not a fan of driving in Philly. Mostly because I'm not a fan of driving in general. But when you add hoards of people wandering in front of the car? Yeah no. Pass. As such, I don't have much experience with the city's parking garages -- this was the first I had visited in eons.

Fortunately, I wasn't behind the wheel, so my road anxiety was benched for the day. This garage is, as you can expect, across from the Convention Center. We chose to use the facility rather than walk the four blocks thanks to the recent snow storm. I found a discount online via Parking Panda for $16 after 1 p.m. until 11:30 p.m. Not terrible for CC!

The garage is narrow and tall. I believe 10+ floors. We parked on the ninth so we had to loop around on the roof to get out. Prime insta photo of the city skyline, FYI! Otherwise, I don't recommend parking that high up. They were having elevator issues, and apparently that happens often. Yikes.

Since I had the Parking Panda voucher, I couldn't pay in the lobby and had to visit the office on P1 near the exit. Kind of a pain when there are cars behind you since you have to hop out and run over to the attendant. But it's fine. I'll deal with the inconvenience to save some cash.

All in all -- this facility won't ever be my first choice...especially since PATCO is at 8/Market, but I'm glad it exists nonetheless.
I received a message from Martina, a friendly employee at the Convention Center Parking Facility a while back. She was nice enough to offer me a day of free parking because of the mistake surrounding my first visit there. I wound up returning over the weekend and everything went well. The chipped yellow paint is thankfully all gone, the garage is in tip-top shape, and it's an easy walk to the Convention Center right across the street.
After several horrifying parking garage experiences in Philadelphia, this place is heaven on earth. It's a few blocks farther from my work but I always make the trip because it's worth the easy parking, functional machines, great early bird rates- $10 for the whole day!!!, and a clean facility. I LOVE YOU CONVENTION CENTER PARKING FACILITY!!!!
My first time visiting this location specifically to shop at Trader Joe's got my parking validation before leaving and they failed to inform me that parking is only validated from pm and on there was no visible signage to inform me and I'm a Philly resident I look out for these things , needless to say the parking attendant wasn't helpful and stood by the car window to make up pay . There needs to be better communication for customers.
This is the first time I ever reviewed a parking garage.  I have low expectations.  I generally try my best to avoid paying for parking.  I was in town with a friend visiting our Wilmington, DE friend.  He drove us into Philly for the day.  Initially, we pulled into this sketchy lot in Chinatown, and it was something ridiculous like $36 for all day in a crappy little lot with the hot Sun beating down on the car.  My Delaware friend said that it seemed ok, and I told them paying $36 just to park your car is unacceptable.  

I told him about the Spot Hero app, which parking garages are cheaper through the app.  I had to re-download the app since it wasn't on my new phone.  Through the app, the Convention Center Parking Facility was only $10 for all day.  If we had pulled up as a random customer, it would've been $26, which while not a horrible ripoff, still quite high (although probably about average for downtown Philly).  We went in, parked, and I started the app entering his license plate #.  I went to office to ask (since I had only used the app once before normally a year earlier in June 2017 in DC), but it was noisy since they were power washing the entry way area, right near where we were.  He said that they would do the Spot Hero app after.  I was reluctant, but I wrote down the license plate # and pocketed my phone.

When we got back, nothing was showing up.  I had to figure out which email and the password to sign in.  Also, did the FB & google sign in, and I couldn't find any sort of confirmation, as well as checking my emails.  I was angry & frustrated.  I had offered to pay $10, not $26.  The two friends said that they would pay $8 each to cover the difference, which was nice of them, but it wasn't right on principle because I had every intention to save money, which I told my friends. 

We went back up to the office, and I told another guy working there; I think he was the manager.  He asked if we made the reservation, and I said that the guy told us to wait until the end.  The manager explained how it worked, and said that he remembered us asking about it, and that I was having a hard time hearing with the power-washing going on.  

The manager added that the worker did a poor job explaining, and I will just charge you $10.  I handed him $10 cash, and very appreciatively, said thank you for your help.  My two friends were also very appreciative that I fought for them because it was going to be their $8 each.  I was paying $10 either way.  Also, the manager was working hard as it was 9 hours later; so he was there for a minimum of 9 hours that day.  Great job to the manager for working a long day!

If I'm ever in Philly, I would definitely use this parking garage.  Besides all the great things we saw/did in Philly, the city of brotherly love left a positive impression at the end.
Be warned...I was a few minutes over 1 hr and got charged $20.

There's far better options if you're stopping at Reading Market and need parking. 

Try the following who validate 2hr parking for $4 if you spend $10 at the market. 

12TH & Filbert Garage (PARKWAY)
11TH & Arch Garage (HILTON)
I parked here on June 9, 2019 and they were doing construction in the garage with caution cones scattered about. I damaged my car making a turn to go up the floors. Supposedly I was the fourth person to scrape the wall while trying to park that day according to the construction folks who were working at the time. I was being careful and do not think adequate notification to customers about the construction nor the placement of the construction cones were sufficient.
This garage just opened. It's the one across the street from the Convention Center expansion with the bright Hertz yellow colored trim and the big letters PARK on the front of it (in case you mistook it for some other type of building). 

While I am perfectly happy with the garage where I park when I visit Philly. I noticed that this garage had an opening special with 50% off rates. I looked at the sign and saw the following rates:

Up to 1 hour $6.00
Each Additional hour $12.00

Early Bird
(in by 9:00am out by 6pm) $16.00

Daily Maximum:
Up to 12 hours $25.00
Up to 24 hours $30.00
Lost Ticket $30.00

Monthly Rate
$300.00
 
So I figured I would give it a try. The lot is brand new, They have nice plants on the roof near the elevator, cool windows with ornamental grass embedded in it in the lobby, and plugs for electric vehicles. No shiatsu massages though. And they do have endless traffic lines painted in bright yellow paint that are already cracking and peeling. There are bright yellow paint chips everywhere in the carpeting in the elevators, the lobby, your car mats, and everywhere else you can imagine. Must be some far fetched advertising scheme? Anyway, I was in before 8 AM and out by 3 PM, so I figured I would get the early bird special, right? Well, as it turns out I was charged $12.50. I pressed the "call" button on the nice brand new ticket machine (sorry no soothing music in the lobby) to see what was wrong...

Me: Hi, I was charged $12.50 to park today. Don't you have an early bird special?
Woman at the other end of the line: (Pause...more pause...finally) I guess we don't have that rate on Saturdays.

Well guess what, you don't have my business ANY day of the week.
Easy to reserve 24-hour parking, downloaded app easily, their communications helpful and polite. Location perfect, very well-kept parking area. However, scanning bar code on app didn't work when I entered so I took a ticket. Attendant at the office said that it should be fine when I checked out, but I messaged company to make sure. They said to just show the number when I left and I'd receive discount. It was all true....a good deal!
Parked here overnight as we were staying at a hotel around the corner. The weird thing is that there is NO price listed anywhere. We parked and had no idea how much it would be. Overnight is $36. Parking was easy, paying was easy and it is in a great location.
