Drivers Richard and Jessica were absolute professionals in a horrendous experience with DAvid Thomas tours.  I was on an excursion going to a seafood feast in Baltimore on 23jul. We had 2 buses and departed from Philly at 1:15pm. The air on bus A stopped working and this was during a heatwave.  After an hour or so of driving with air breaking down we pulled into a rest stop to address the situation.  During this stop we learned bus B was having issues as well.  Bus B had the majority of our elder members and was having issues with speed.  I heard the bus was having trouble going faster than 20-30mph.  We were asking for replacement buses but this didn't happen.  We were told the air was fixed on bus A and nothing was said about bus B so we continued on.  No sooner we started back on the road it was clear the air still wasn't working.  After awhile longer driving we had to make an emergency stop because asmatic and diabetic passengers were on the verge of passing out. I took a temp reading from the bus and it felt like 104 degrees.  
In addition to those above, the majority of the passengers were having issues. Paramedics were called to tend to the sick. The bus was deemed medically unfit to continue on so we had to exit the hot bus and wait in the hot sun by the side of the road.  Yet again no replacement bus.  Instead we had to wait for bus B to drop off its passengers at the Harbor (one of our designated stops in the trip) to double back and pick us up.  Once bus B came back we were taken straight to the seafood feast because it was after 6pm at this point.  After we were dropped off bus B had to go back to the harbor to get the rest of our group (the elders).  They didn't get to the venue until around 8:30pm. Everyone was in a bad mood and no one could enjoy themselves. While at the venue we found out David Thomas was there.  Once we found him he was aware of our circumstances and it troubled me that he didn't come check on us at a minimum.  During our conversation I tried to explain the distress of our circumstances and he agreed he'd make things right.  I hope this is the case and will gladly update the post once he does.
Wonderful drivers. Polite  and  efficient . Our driver on 8/16/14  was great The crab feast food was wonderful, the drinks and the service was great and dancing off all that good food was a lot of fun.
I can NOT... give enough praises for this bus company. I have been using them since 2016 and it has never failed. The office staff and the bus driver Mr.Harry has been an absolute delight. The driver is always early and courtesy. My group loves our driver so much that they ask for him prior to confirming their going on my trip. If you are looking for a bus company this is it! I have used both the 40 and 47 passenger and haven't had any issues. I hope Jaime my trip contact and driver Mr. Harry stay for years to come...
I always wanted to go on this trip. After years of talking about it, my daughter gave me this trip as my Mothers day present. Of coarse I had to wait until August , but OMG!! was it worth it. Everything was wonderful. The venue was nice, Staff was helpful and so pleasant, The Music was Pumping, the party was Jumping and the FOOD WAS EXCELLENT.. I thoroughly enjoyed the experience  and look forward to the next time. I also need to say thank you my Wonderful Daughter that I love with all my heart for sharing this trip with me. Love you Gurl!!!
