Hate to give the place where THE document was drafted low marks, but the whole experience is pretty lame.

First of all, the winter "hours" are Wednesday - Sunday: 11AM - 12 noon.  Yes, ONE HOUR.  That's FIVE hours total for the entire week.  The first time we came to visit, we got screwed by this, so don't make the same mistake.  If you're lucky enough to make it in, you'll be greeted by a huge bust of old TJ (as girlfriend likes to call him).  Explore a little further and you'll find rooms that discuss the history of the DOI (another girlfriend term), including a very dated documentary that you can start up by pressing the big green button outside the room.

Head on upstairs to view recreations of the rooms just as they might have looked when TJ was carefully drafting this most sacred document.  It's unfortunate that none of the pieces are original, but it at least gives you an idea of how it all looked when it all went down.

Despite my two star rating, you should at least stop by for a few minutes if only to say "you were there."  Just don't expect much.
I was not able to visit this site, also known as the Graff House, because it was closed. There is no rhyme or reason when the building is open, if open at all. Its website says that it "opens seasonally, usually in the summer." It is a reconstruction on the site of the original house that was demolished in 1883. It is said to be where Thomas Jefferson resided when he drafted the declaration of Independence. 

So this place is well marked and just a quick stop on your way to somewhere else. You can see a few displays from the outside of the house. and get a good view of the house and accompanying courtyard itself.
The Declaration House is the home where Thomas Jefferson wrote the Declaration of Independence.  It seems like a place we would want to preserve  but the National Park system has treated it like an after thought.  It's nothing but 2 rooms; 1 decorated as a bed room and the other as a study.  That's it.  There is no fan fare, no real exhibits, no air conditioning!  

This place has a lot of potential.  Maybe have an exhibit on each of the signers, maybe a display on Jefferson's time in Philly, maybe a history of the house since 1776.  I don't know anything to give this place more significance.  Maybe give it it's own passport stamp from the National Park Service.   Too much potential here for it to be just be an almost empty building.
This building is no longer open. There are no crowds, no lines, no hoopla. You can just walk by and never know the difference.  It marks the spot where Jefferson wrote the Declaration of Independence.  I don't know how long the current building has been there but almost everything wooden burned or fell apart long ago. Wooden buildings were outlawed early in Philadelphia history after too many burnt down they were declared to be fire hazards. SO what stands on the spot now is brick.

   Yet you can stand back, gaze at the spot, and know that that space up above that corner is  where Jefferson wrote our Declaration of Independence.  Still amazing!
Every time I come here it's closed. This time it actually looks like the whole building is under construction. It's very neat to see the building  location where Thomas Jefferson penned the famous Declaration of Independence I just wish it wasn't always closed. I have read that this isn't how the original structure looked too, that it was actually made of wood back then. Hopefully one day I'll actually be able to tour thus structure.
