Much like Jefferson Square Park (http://www.yelp.com/biz/jefferson-square-park-philadelphia?hrid=HXl7DlrCnaLA9iLGadtx_w#src:self) Dickinson Square is one of those often overlooked Square's that's worth the visit. Only, while it still doesn't offer as much as the likes of Rittenhouse or Washington Square, it does come with a few more amenities. 

The basketball court seems to be packed well into the night hours, There's a good assortment of playground equipment to play in, and there's a couple of eclectic sculpture pieces that's worth stopping to admire. It's also the perfect spot to stop in worth either some quality South Philly people watching, or when you can't wait to savor whatever Gooey Louie's sandwiches or Grindcore baked goods you take home with you. And in the occasional farmers market and festival, and it provides the perfect dose of park life.
R lives around the corner from here. The first time I ever stayed over night I made the mistake of walking down 5th street in this area. He didn't warn me! I never made that mistake again! I would always walk down 4th and pass this cute little park. I love the row of houses that faces the park! If I lived in this area I would definitely come and sit here from time to time.
I moved to the neighborhood recently and this park is one of the best things about living here. I walk my dog here every night, and unlike Rittenhouse, there are no creepy, leering guys sitting on benches. It's maintained well, relatively quiet and there's no abundance of trash that I've noticed, like the previous reviewer mentioned. The Friends of Dickinson Square Park are always out there making sure the park is clean. Sometimes there are movies in the park -- a few weeks ago I was walking through and they were showing "The Wizard of Oz." Overall, it's a decent park and I'm glad I live two blocks away from it.
Located in the Pennsport area, this park is well maintained by the city and the locals. There are also events held here often, such as string bands, flea markets, and movie nights. It's a great dog park!

It has a basketball court with maybe 6 or so hoops, a swing set (for toddlers and kids), and a jungle gym. 

My complaints are the visitors who frequently litter or dump their trash! Especially with all the trash cans nearby. 

I love this park, it's one of the reasons why I moved to this area.
Another somewhat recently renovated park for kids that's now in our rotation.  They added springy astroturf and all new play equipment.  The kids really seem to enjoy it.  Not as much stuff for the older kids, it seems geared more toward the pre-school & younger set.  But there are also basketball courts for the big kids.  No dog park here, but lots of dog are around at any given time.  The park also hosts a seasonal farmers market now.  All in all, a nice pit stop for the kids.  And Grindcore House is just down the street for your soy latte fix.
I love this park! My favorite park in the city even before the renevations.
This is a very nice park. Astroturf in the kids area so they won't get muddy (brilliant). There are many old Sycamore trees which are gorgeous and provide shade. Grindcore Coffeehouse is just down the street. Lots of dogs and people in general. You can take in the Sun with plenty of grass areas. Very clean overall. 

Worth the walk if you're in the area. I live close, this is my go to park.
