Dilworth Park during the holiday season is wonderful! A great place for locals and tourists to visit. A large decorated Christmas tree on the north side, the east side houses a giant skating rink decorated with pretty festive string lights, the Christmas village shops surround the rink and sell every craft gift imaginable from soap, jewelry, cocktail sauce and cookies. Dilworth Park also has an enclosed café where you can get warm, and purchase lunch & warm drinks. I like to get a hot apple cider from the cafe and walk around the shops with it. Klip Collective has an awesome light show projected on the facade of city hall, The light show only lasts about 10 minutes, depending on the day it starts around 5 PM and ends around 10pm, runs every hour or on the half hour. In the atrium of the city hall complex, you will find a large merry-go-round and incredible street musicians. An awesome and fun must-visit in November and December, very festive, and gets you in the holiday spirit! Definitely go!
You know who throw a great seasonal event? Dilworth Park peeps.

The renovated park is the home of many movie nights, pop-up shops, live music, and more. Most of which are FREE, Also it's the land of the newest outdoor ice skating Rink in Philly; an affordable and well-maintained rink, during the winter months.

This days, the iconic Dilworth Park is packed with Summer activities; from Tuesdays outdoor movie nights, to Wednesdays lunch-break with live concert series, farm-fresh produce and CCD Sips, to Thursdays Rhythms at The Rosa Blanca cafe. Yes, Don't miss this cute Cuban Cafe by Jose Garces, where breakfast, lunch, dinner and happy hour drinks are being served.

Need more REASONS?
- Lush green lawn.
- Four tree groves around the park.
- Massive, Interactive fountain, which recycles rainwater. Kinds, and I love it!
- "Cool-looking clear glass head-houses" covering the entrance to SEPTA transit lines.

Can't get enough fun? 
- The beer garden in the fall will undoubtedly catch your interest. 
 - Pulse, coming soon, with colored mist around the fountain for some good times.

However, there is ONE downside to this otherwise great park; it is hot in summer and cold in winter, otherwise it is perfect! 

Four and half Yelps.
This would otherwise be a barren concrete expanse on the west side of City Hall - punctuated with entrances to the subway underneath - if it hadn't been transformed into a park several years ago.

Not only is there plenty of seating scattered amidst lawns, planters, and ornaments, but there's also a splash plaza for kids in the warmer months that converts into an ice rink in the winter. There are also informational panels that cover the city's history and the park's namesake, former mayor Richardson Dilworth.

It's now an inviting space where folks feel welcome to sit, chat, or take a break amidst the urban hustle. Indeed, on my many walks through in recent years, I've found it the perfect spot at which to pause and plot my next steps in my foodie crawls.
We love visiting places like this. During Christmas time it is a neat Christmas Village. Plenty of pop up tents with small shops. They also have an ice skating rink. Plenty of fun to be had. They also have a large Christmas tree on the City Half ground along with a nice light show.
What a gorgeous place to take people for a true Philly feel! It was snowing all day and looked so beautiful! The Christmas decorations and tree was so pretty:) They have a smaller ice rink here but I recommend the larger one at Penn's Landing. They have some cute shops here and you can stop into the cafe to warm up with some cider or hot cocoa. They have a carousal for the kids in the middle of city hall which is nice. It's definitely worth exploring. It is such a gorgeous site to see!
Being a native Philadelphian and seeing this space transform over the past few years has been a treat!  I like that Dilworth has become less of a pass thru place and more of a destination spot to meet up with friends when events are scheduled. I am glad city planners are deciding to use these types of open spaces for seasonal pop up events throughout the year!  

I love the renovated subway center below (finally...lol) fountains in the summer along with musical events and the ice skating rink/light show in the winter. 

Great job Dilworth Park--keep it up!
Adding a park setting the City Hall was an ambitious project that took a couple of years to complete and made a side of City Hall a construction conundrum. While the end result is a dose of parklife that I found enjoyment in; especially while watching the ice skaters during winter, I expected so much more and felt that it under delivered compared to other park projects that have emerged throughout Philly over the past couple of years.

Thanks to spots like Race Street Pier, the updated Clark Park, Spruce Street Harbor Park, and Paine Skate Park, Philly Parks have seen a serious amount of revitalization throughout the years (especially along the Waterfront over the summer). Given the fact that all of the above emerged while Dilworth Park was still under construction, and what all of them had to offer; I definitely not in the minority when it comes to people who were expecting so much more. Its also pretty odd and questionable that, during a time when they were trying to deter people from skateboarding in parks around that area, they unveiled 2 Septa train tunnels that kind of resemble a giant ramp.

Overall Dilworth Park is definitely a spot that has its pluses. The ice skating is definitely an exciting thing to take part in whether your participating or watching. Garces' Rosa Blanca cafe pop up is the perfect place to either enjoy some coffee and pastries or some spiked beverages. Add in plenty of spots to chillax in, and easy access to City Hall and Suburban Station, and you have a good park destination.
Nothing ever happens here. Should be renamed Dullworth Park.

Not really. It's a wonderful place. It's a huge collection of fountains and little gardens in front of City Hall in Philly. It's one of the most spectacular places in the city, and it's right in the heart of Philadelphia.

They even have live music here. Ice skating in winter. There's an awesome water fountain too.

I don't know how this can be any lower than a 5 star.

So what's the Dil with people giving it less?
Dilworth Park is located next to Philadelphia City Hall (https://www.yelp.com/biz/city-hall-philadelphia). One could consider it a part of City Hall as the park sits in the same block as the building and acts sort of like a courtyard or open/green space for the building. It's nice. One of our Philly friends proposed this park as a meeting place for us and it was perfect for that.

The park opened in 2014 so it's relatively new. You can tell by the park's modern and aesthetically pleasing design. Most notable to me were the two contemporary glass canopies that served as long ramp entrances/exits to the underground rail system (SEPTA City Hall Station). The park has a cafe, free Wi-Fi, a splash pad, a lawn, and plenty of seating with nicely-manicured trees and landscaping around the perimeter. The splash pad is huge and one of the biggest I've seen. There's a splash pad at adjacent Love Park too (https://www.yelp.com/biz/love-park-philadelphia). In the wintertime, Dilworth's splash pad is covered with an ice skating rink.

We visited on a Sunday evening around 7:30pm and the park was busy. Lots of kids playing in the fountain, lots of folks sitting and hanging out, and lots of pedestrians passing through. We sat in an elevated gravel area with tables and comfortable chairs, shaded by umbrellas and trees. This was a great place for waiting, meeting, and people watching. We strolled through the park before and after. The park is open and spacious. The crowd was diverse. The atmosphere was relaxed. It generally felt clean and safe.

Overall, this is definitely a neat park that one typically wouldn't associate with Philly, but times are changing.
[461]

Dilworth Park is really cool but don't come here expecting grass or swingsets. 

This is the area outside of city hall where there are tons of chairs and tables so it's easy to sit here and enjoy the fresh air.   Right now they have small sprinklers coming from the floor so kids can splash if they want (and I've seen a few).

They hold all types of festivals and winter booth sales.  There is even a café in this park.

It's a busy spot especially since it's close to the train/subway. 

I'll definitely come back.
Bottom Line:  A small city park adjacent to City Hall that changes with the season.

Dilworth Park is a small park, more like a plaza, adjacent to City Hall.  When I visited on a warm September weekend the park had lovely planters with impressively healthy plants and flowers.  There was also a grassy area.  Although I visited at a warm time I understand that the park changes with the seasons.  During my visit there were dancing fountains that kids were playing in but I hear this transforms into an ice rink in the winter.  Fun!

The park has a cute cafe/food truck in what looks like and Airstream trailer and separately a Starbucks wall-up window. There is also a lovely glass covered entry to the City Hall subway station.

Aside from closely inspecting the beautiful planters, I mostly just passed through this park.  While many other visitors were also passing through there were definitely plenty of visitors both during day and night, relaxing and taking in the sights. 

The park is patrolled by Center City District (CCD) Philadelphia personnel so that made the park feel even more welcoming.
One of the few places in the city that I don't find fault with or complaint about. The city of Philadelphia has done a great job in making use of the space. One of my favorite time of the year is Christmas and boy is Dilworth Park beautiful at Christmas. The light show, the pop-up shops and the ice-skating rink. 


Dilworth Park is a place that the entire family can enjoy. In the summertime when all of the Christmas fanfare has faded just walk around. You can get in some exercise along with find different etchings and dedications that may be of interest.
Dilworth Park is a welcome addition to Center City and has been doing a great job of having something interesting for every season!

Winter: Ice skate around a (tiny) ice rink,  shop the Christmas Market, or enjoy a hot spiked drink or snack at the lodge. I also saw people host a kid's birthday party in the lodge so that's a great idea for all those city kids who need to learn to ice skate.  

Spring: Grab a spot outside to eat lunch and you might be surprised with a pop up concert, walk through on your way home from work and you might be surprised with a pop up fitness class.

Summer: Join a bocce ball league and make new friends while talking about how bumpy the bocce courts are. Watch little kids freak out over the fountain.  Attend a fancy event under the tents I always see pop up. 

Fall: Grab a beer at Oktoberfest! 

The Center City District emails will keep you informed about upcoming events.
Keeps getting better - and much improved from 2010.
Christmas market (back every year), small ice rink in winter, music and food trucks in summer.

Nice!
Dilworth Park is a lovely plaza by City Hall, with amenities such as wifi, washrooms, and a cafe.  There is public art (while we were there, it was the temporary home of Robert Indiana's LOVE sculpture), an ice rink in the winter, and various events throughout the year.  An aesthetic, comfortable, and practical park.

[Yelp collections: East Coast 2016; Parks and Gardens; Pee for free!]
I was able to walk thru this park after seeing it from afar for some time.
As I walked around I just thought, what did they do for all that money and time? 

I'm no fan of the glass ramps on the stairs. 
I do like the water feature for families. It is a place for fun.
But, there really is no parking if this was your destination.
I like that it is at City Hall and its awesome architecture. 
I'd like more shade and that probably will come with time and trees growing. 

There should be something else going on like street performances during the days. 
There should also be more seating areas. 

It is lovely and nicer than what was there before, but It is a walk thru for most people and not a destination place to be at.
If you've lived in Philadelphia for years, you will remember what Dilworth Park was before it was Dilworth Park. With that being said, anything in that space is an upgrade. 

I decided to try the ice skating rink and take about 60 middle school students with me (call me crazy...) Making the reservation was a breeze and getting the students their skates was also fairly easy. While the rink is a bit small, everyone had fun. I do wish they would zamboni the rink more frequently though, as the ice was in desperate need of it during our 2 hour stay. The lodge is warm and cozy and had basic food options (fries, hot chocolate...basically everything teens love). 

Great park with a lot going on no matter the season (free yoga in the summer, concerts, Christmas Village, etc.)
What a pleasant surprise when I walked past City Hall and saw that Dilworth Park was finally open and that they had an outdoor rink (Rothman Rink)! A couple of things to note however:
1) The rental skates are ice hockey skates, I believe. Not figure skates. No toe pick. It was hard to get used to because even though I'm a total novice, I'm more used to rinks that allow figure skate rentals
2) The rental skates run very very large. Size 7 feet need size 5 skates! But the people  who work there are aware of this problem and will suggest sizes for you.
3) This rink is super family friendly. Read: lots of little children. For that reason, no figure skating is allowed, meaning you can't zip around the rink and do cool tricks because that's dangerous to the kids. On the one hand, fine. But on the other hand, watch out for little kids who fall right in front of you and you need to have cat-like reflexes to avoid kicking them/hurting them!

I enjoyed my skating experience there. There is not time limit after you pay admissions, and you can wait outside the rink while the Zamboni cleans the ice to get back onto the ice again. The price is comparable to the Blue Cross River Rink at Penn's Landing, but the rink is much smaller. Also, the employees at the Rothman Rink are super friendly and chill. It was such a pleasant experience and it's nice to see Philly having more family-friendly events that bring the locals together!

(Another cool thing is that they accept credit card payment for admissions! They use Square!)
A phenomenally designed water park in the summer, skating in the winter + dog friendly. 
A great public space.
Well I did  check in here ! It's a park adjacent to city Hall  and seems to be used as an event space.Right now it's basically an extension of the Christmas market with a skating rink.There is also a temporary drink and or restaurant  place.If you go inside the adjacent city hall courtyard, there is a merry go round and some boths selling Christmas stuff.So why not walk through.
I love that Philadelphia is upping the game with green space especially in Center City! I eat my lunch here if I'm working in Center City. There's lots of shady spots, tables and chairs, a grassy area and a water feature. There's always lots of kids (and adults) enjoying the sprinklers! There's a cafe that has food and drinks. The cafe participated in Center City Ssips during the summer and dies pop up events. After much controversies there's also a Starbucks with a walk up window. 
The CCD staff are a visible presence. They keep the area clean and are helpful in answering questions. They also keep watch on the homeless population. The park is bustling from morning til night with people walking through and others hanging out. 
It's a pleasant place to sit and relax!
I have been coming here every Christmas season for about 5 years now.  This year was the worst year so far.  Not only was it dead, but they posted pro racism signs on the Christmas tree that should not be there.  This is a Christmas review.

This year was also very very very dead!  They usually have 50+ vendors, but this year due to covid, they had about 25 or so.  Its not their fault, but it felt dismal...  They also posted some racist things on the Christmas tree, not a fan!

The park is clean, and the vendors are friendly.  This year was a little dismal.  I love that they support small businesses.  There were several booths that I was missing this year.  Hopefully next year will be back to business as normal.

I really only come here during the Christmas season, so I do not have much more to say than that.  They usually do some sort of Christmas light show on City Hall, but due to covid, its not going.

We shall see what next year brings.

All in all, we travel about 90 miles to come here every year.  This year it was not worth it...  It has been in the past.  If you are a local, I recommend going!  If you are not a local, go next year....
I'm a fan of this newish park. It's right next to City Hall and is a big improvement from the ugly concrete structure that used to be here. They've been hosting quite a few events to draw people in. This spring they sponsored free group fitness classes including zumba, bootcamp, jui-jitsu, among others on weeknights. They also had a skating rink in the winter, opened a cafe that serves dishes from award-winning chef Jose Garces, and screen movies both in the fall and summer. There are ample bright-colored chairs and tables where you can sit and eat your lunch if you work nearby. And if you are craving dessert, you can now get gelato here from the Capogiro stand which is open from 11am-10pm!
Great place to people watch in the afternoon. If you're not into crowds I would avoid in the wintertime when the have the ice skating rink setup, or in the summer for the Center City District Sips Happy Hour. The place becomes a mob scene. Very walkable and easy entrance to the Broad Street and Market Frankford subway lines.
Dilworth park is a nice attraction to downtown Philadelphia. Please note it doesn't feature swings or grass. It's basically a park that host festive events.

Dilworth park is especially fun during the Christmas holidays and that's what brought me here! I arrived on a cold Sunday afternoon and Dilworth was lit and crowded, they had a ice skating rink and wonderful Christmas music in the background. I enjoyed seeing everyone having a good time.

Getting our skates was easy and I believe it's around 15.00 for one person. I paid about 30.00 for two tickets, which is not bad being as though there's no time limit to how long you skate.

They also have a wintergarden, which was lit with Christmas lights and a cafe where you can get food that's pretty pricey. Overall it was fun to try ice skating for the first time. I didn't do too much cause I didn't want to fall and end up paying Rothman institute a visit. Is it me? or did anyone else noticed that the ice skating rink was set up by Rothman institute which is a place that delivers in orthopedic care. I guess they can hook you up if you have a bad fall! Yikes lol.
After a nice dinner in Philly, we walked up Philadelphia's version of nyc's Park Avenue aka Broad street. My son and I inched closer to a large clock tower and we wanted to see what it was. 

It turns out that right smack in the middle of the nice part of Philadelphia downtown is a park under this tower with a cute square beneath. 

The first thing we saw other than the festive crowd of people was a nice carousel. 
My son enjoyed nice $10 for 5 rides there. Good price and the rides were legit too, with season appropriate Rudolph the red nosed reindeers for kids to ride on, xmas music and it made quite a few full spins before coming to a stop. The lines were manageable. My son was even able to get on twice in a row before a bigger crowd showed up. 

They also have a few shops selling sweets and souvenirs and a small illuminated stage for kids to play on. 

A small (compared to Rockefeller center) but cute Christmas tree on the other side of the park was a nice place to take pictures. A friendly santa with a cane kept photobombing people's photos and high fived my son twice. He didn't ask for money once! 

How great is Philadelphia?? I had heard so many bad things (especially about eagles fans) but I had a great time anf I see many ways in which it is better than Manhattan. 

The crowd was festive yet manageable. Prices were good for the carousel. The line wasn't too bad. Santa didn't heckle for money unlike the crazy characters in Times Square. 
Taking pictures of the tree didn't involve busting thru a sea of people for a split second opening like holiday time at Rockefeller center.
I really like the renovated space in the park! Great water features during the warm months and a nice little cafe to grab a drink! I really like it during the winter some of the shops from Christmas village migrate too! The ice skating rink adds some holiday charm and is great people watching! My favorite is the urban garden maze that pops up each year! A little oasis around the center of the city!
Now that the renovation of the plaza is nearly complete, Dilworth Plaza actually looks like a place one might like to spend some time. Delightful fountains and modern subway entrances give the square a modern feel, which meshes nicely with the classic architecture of City Hall. If you are looking for a traditional park with lots of foliage and green space, you will be disappointed here, but even with the spartan concrete, it looks like it will be a great place to hang out and enjoy being right in the middle of the Philadelphia skyline.

Also, they have some great community events planned to welcome in the new park. I watched Inception on a large projector screen just last night. My friends and I brought blankets and food and made a picnic of the night. Others dragged chairs from the nearby cafe to sit in (relatively) more comfort. Extra star for the movie nights. :)
The renovations done to this "park" over the couple of years have been great.  There is now a splash park (e.g. Fountains) on the one side in the summer time where kids can play and get wet.

During the winter this park has the Dilworth winter fest which feature different shops and a pop up ice skate rink.
This could be the Rockefeller Center of Philadelphia. This could be entry. point for myriad Philadelphians into the world of ice skating. This could be so much fun. 

However this being Philadelphia , somebody messed up in having only hockey skates on offer for rent, and horribly made hockey skates at that. The rink's business model, which differs from many other rinks in that there are no defined skating sessions, suggests the delightful possibility of skating indefinitely for hours, for one  $4 entry fee and (an incredible) 8 dollar rental fee.  However, given that the skates closely resemble torture implements from the Spanish Inquisition, few people are likely to spend more than an hour hobbling around the otherwise attractive rink.  A generous dose of pain is always to be expected  in skating, especially until one's ankles become accustomed to the effort, but these skates add a layer of exquisite discomfort that is entirely unnecessary. there are bits of plastic jutting out from the inside of most of them that dig into the tender parts of the foot in a way calculated to induce agony.  

If the city wants this rink to succeed, over the long term, with any but rabid and committed skaters who bring their own equipment, a thoughtful review of the skates selected for rental would be in order.  If nothing else this combination of high price and shoddy equipment should make Philadelphia residents all the more grateful for resources like Rizzo Rink.
Beautiful around the holidays. Love the atmosphere, which I'm sure has a lot to do with the ice rink. 

Took little ones to Christmas Village across the street, but we swung by Dilworth just to sightsee, and even though all we did was people-watch rinkside, they absolutely loved it.
Beautiful buildings. We didn't have time to walk around to enjoy the park however the next visit we will make sure we do. The buildings are so gorgeous.
I actually walked past this park back in 2009 when I was working in Center City at the time. I didn't even know the name of the park. The park is not bad at all. They have those fountains that shoots up water for the kids to play with. You get a good view of the streets and the tall skyscrapers.
The LOVE sign used to be here after it was moved from its original home. But, it is currently taken out for renovations -- see my pic.

The park is rather nice with its lights at night. And during the day time, there were water that sprouts from the ground. I can imagine little kiddies running about during the much warmer days of summer (even though it was Memorial weekend when we visited) trying to cool down with the water.

The significant other and I travel thru here both during the day and once at night when we were trying to find the LOVE sign, and both times there were a good amount of people hanging around drinking coffee.  

The park seemed lively and safe during all hours. I saw a food vendor there that serviced hungry stomachs. There's also an information booth if you have an questions or concerns.
This is only a partial review because the Dilworth Park (formerly Plaza) renovation project is not yet complete.   The private-public partnership has produced an amazing transformation of what was a harsh, uninviting public space.  The new entrances to the concourse are very inviting, the cafe and bench seating are ready for use, and the beautiful building that will house Rosa Blanca Cafe looks ready to welcome guests any day now.  I cannot wait until the fountains are fully operational, the public art is installed, the chain link fence disappears and Rosa Blanca Cafe is open for business.   What a wonderful, tangible legacy of the Nutter administration!!
The city has renovated Dilworth Plaza and has transformed it into a wonderful place to visit. During the winter months, there is an ice skating rink, local performers, food, and booths to buy interesting things from local artists and craters. During the summer, there is an area that the kids can run thru water which they love.
After having dinner at McCormick and Schmicks across the street the family and I headed over to Dilworth Park to check out the light show on City Hall. It did not disappoint. Running every half hour the lights transform the ornate government building into an architectural drawings, a ginger bread house and a frozen structure in the icicle cracking finally. Brilliant.
I was here on Black Friday with my family. It was decked out in holiday decor, an ice rink, and a carousel. There were about 20 tents with vendors selling crafts and ornaments. 

The ice rink is perfect for newbie skaters. They have wooden penguins to hold on to while skating so you won't fall as much. I don't remember the exact skating and rental prices but I thought they were reasonable. 

The carousel is $3 per person. I loved that the workers helped lift kids and strap the little ones onto the ponies, like my youngest who needed since I was just watching. 

There were several tables and chairs setup so you can rest your legs. There was also an outdoor heater to warm up. 

The light show on the city hall building does create a crowd that's difficult to maneuver through. Overall, we had a lot of family fun.
We visited to see and take a picture of the LOVE sign.  We thought we'd only be there for a few minutes but ended up staying for a couple of hours.  The Kids loved the splash pad and spent over an hour frolicking around in the fountains.  Very nice park...
Hip Hip Hooray. 

A revolution - City Hall is finally a place to come to instead of a place to run away from. A nice place to sit and hang out with friends or just people watch, and for the next several weeks lots of free events: live music, movies at night, etc... The water sculpture is pretty good and the kids love it.

In addition to being a great addition to downtown, the new public space allows you to appreciate how gorgeous Philadelphia City Hall is. (An internet search shows that Philadelphia City Hall is (a) one of the world's largest all-masonry, load bearing buildings, and (b) with almost 700 rooms, Philadelphia City Hall is the largest municipal building in the United States.)

And....the new Septa entrance almost makes you feel like you're in a grown-up city.

The band I saw here this evening was great, and with Philly Jesus dancing to the tunes - even though it was pretty hot to be dancing in a robe - this certainly was the place to be. I expect that there will be lots of great evenings at Dilworth Park. 

A great ending to a great Philly summer (yay to SSHP!) and I'm hoping it is this winter (2014) that the outdoor ice skating rink opens at this space.
A park directly in front of City Hall? Awesome idea! The park is mostly concrete but there's a nice interactive water fountain, a decent grassy area, and a cute cafe under a shaded area. This is really what you would expect from a city park. I love the atmosphere because it's very chill and the sound of the dancing water fountain is very calming. If there's some obnoxious drivers who won't lay off the horn, it totally ruins the experience. 

There are many activities planned throughout the year so I would recommend coordinating a trip to the city with one of those events. Pop up movies, festivals, kickboxing classes, running groups, farmers markets...so much to do! Go enjoy some fresh (city) air!

http://www.ccdparks.org/dilworth-park/dilworth-park-events?page=1
Ended up being absolutely beautiful! It's especially nice around the christmas time when there is an ice rink and the trees are decorated with lights. Can get crowded, but every ice rink does. It's right by city hall so that makes it even better!
