I've heard so much about Dock Street Brewery since joining yelp. Surprisingly I grew up in the area at not once did I stop in to dine. I never even knew it was a restaurant until I joined yelp.

Nonetheless, I heard they were offering takeout and I decided to check their food out. I actually visited twice and service was good both times. They have an online website and you order and pay online.

Dock Street Brewery will call then call you to pick up your food and both times it took less than 30 minutes. 

So far I tried their fig jam pie and their Flammen pie. The fig jam was okay it had fig spread as the tomato base along with cheese and smoked bacon. Its the perfect sweet and salty however after a few bites I thought it was a little too sweet. The Flammen pie was pretty good it had smoked bacon, carmelized onions and herbs which I thought was delicious. The dough on both pies were fantastic and you can tell it was baked in an wood fire oven. 

Overall if I'm in the mood for some fancy pizza, I'll definitely check out Dock Street Brewery!
Wanting to get out of our section of town for dinner on Friday, the boyfriend and I jumped in the car and headed to West Philly. Destination: Dock Street Brewing Co. 

There was one large, open area with tables, and a long bar that stretched across one side of the room with plenty of seating. We grabbed two bar stools near the open door to take advantage of the cool breeze on a lovely spring night. 

I immediately gravitated towards the OMG Pale Ale, which was absolutely delicious and had just the right amount of hoppy flavor. We shared a Caesar salad, which wasn't super special but did take the edge off. Then we shared a margherita pizza and a parma pizza, with crispy prosciutto, crushed tomatoes and a four cheese blend. Both had light, crisp crusts and hit the spot. 

Our bartender/server somehow managed to keep our beers and water glasses filled while handling take-out orders and answering the phone as well. Hats off to him! 

Many of the other pizzas caught my eye, along with the fry trio featuring white and sweet potatoes and leeks. I'll likely go back soon for more of that OMG Pale Ale, and hopefully my appetite will return with me.
Even if you live nowhere near West Philly, Dock Street's worth checking out. Tucked away on the corner of 50th and Baltimore, this monstrosity of a building offers the yuppies of the now gentrified West Philly an oasis for freshly and finely brewed beers. The building's exterior looks like a bank turned brewery.

I'm a fan of the pilsner, and the pizza even lives up to its reputation. I only tried a slice of the plain, but the rest of the menu's offerings looked pretty appealing. The desserts, not quite as tempting and should I say, slightly boring.

It's great to sit outside and enjoy the soundtrack of kids playing in the park across the street. It's definitely one of the best spots for beer in the city, and being there makes you feel like you've discovered something no one else knows about...until you run into a fellow yelper.
Well, my first trip to West Philly was well worth it. Bill M. wasn't kidding when he said I'd love it!

I had a blast with my fellow Yelpers the other night when we all met up for drinks and food a go-go. But ale drinkers of the world, be warned: the double bock packs a serious punch. For realz...and because I was with such a well-mannered group of pals I was never sans-drink (if this isn't a ringing endorsement to join our community, then I don't know what is).

My pizza was yummy and everyone seemed happy. The space was cool and reminded me of my beloved Roebling Tea Room in Williamsburg. Oh yeah-clean bathrooms too! 

Five stars all around for food, service from the cute waitress in the even cuter Johnny Cupcakes hoodie, awesome company and some of the best beer I've had in a while.
VISIT HISTORY: 
- last visit: today after work with a colleague bc we wanted to sit outside drink beer and chill 
- frequency: been here ~4 times. Went to its collloquial brewery tour and other times to hang with friends 
- next visit: would go more regularly if I didn't live so far but would definitely travel the distance for the vibe + food  

FOODRINK:
* firstly, i must state my weakness as I have beer snobbery tendencies*
- saw a lot of recommendation for the fig so didn't get it to stay hipster and underrated
- fried brussel sprouts: it's not that fried. More crispy than fried. Served with lemon so you can add that little squeeze. Excellent! I felt like a good person bc I gave the last bite to my friend even though I really didn't want to. Would order it every single time when I return.  NOMZ. 
- sausage pizza: more delish than expected. caramelized onions really make this dish 
- fontecione(sp?): leeks make this dish. Sad amount of spinach though.
- doughs of the pizza: great chewy mouth feel. Excellent for both bc probably they use the same dough. The crust was blackened but crust & I never got along anyways so I just stared at its burnt existence 
- a pedestrian complimented me on the pizza as if I made them 
- flight of 6 for $10. Can't go wrong 
- spring haze: favorite beer on the flight
- overall, highly recommend for the the quantity/quality of food you get

VIBE: 
- friendly & local 
- hipster
- i was counting how the number of rings the waiter had 
- lots of painting 
- seasonally relevant beer titles (last time I came, it was political) 
- dogs and people chillin' outside 
- wait times: 10 minutes (for food since ordering) and 1 minute (since asking for check)
The pizza here was incredibly disappointing. We came in on a Friday night and ordered pizza for take out. We got a Parma pizza and told there would be an hour wait. Luckily it came out in 30 minutes, but when we got home, we realized that literally half the pizza had no toppings on it (see picture). The crust on that half also looks barely cooked. There was barely any prosciutto and a little bit of tomatoes and that's about it. I had high hopes for this pizza but it was obviously hurriedly made and a huge disappointment. Make sure to check your pizza before you take it home from here. I rarely give one star reviews but this pizza was lazily made and a rip off.
Oh, Dock Street.  There's a lot of love and a lot of hate in these reviews, so I'm gonna break it down into pros and cons:

Pros:

*The food is always incredible.  Well worth any wait.  Those who are hating on the pizza seem not to have tried the Flammenkuche.
*The beer is nothing short of amazing.  In particular I recommend the Espresso Stout.  It's rich but with a smooth, slightly sweet finish.
*The music is always enjoyable AND entertaining.  (Flaming Lips, Wilco, The Walkmen...)
*The decor is excellent--perfectly dim lighting, a ceiling bright with perforated tapestries in bold colors, the ambiance of being in an old firehouse, the exposed vats in the back...
*(See my New Years' story at the end. :) )


Cons:
*The waitstaff are just a little too tragically hip.  (though this isn't too much of a con, since the hipster quotient is balanced by the 'painfully attractive' quotient.)
*Service is slow, often because they're understaffed.

...that's all I've got for the cons.  I honestly love the place.

I went there on New Year's Eve for dinner, and as you might expect, they were understaffed.  In fact, the only people working were ToniVictoria (best waitress ever), and the manager.  They worked with incredible speed (i.e. It was no slower than usual, despite the shortage of workers), they gave us free beer, and ToniVictoria was cheerful and accomodating--cracking jokes and smiles every time she passed our table-- despite the fact that she was covering 3/4 of the restaurant on New Year's Eve.  In a situation where most people would have trouble simply being civil, she was completely gracious and attentive and managed to make sure our food was prepared perfectly.

Every time I go to Dock Street, I leave feeling full, satisfied, and buzzed from their completely awesome beer.  What more do you need to know?
Update:
I don't know what happened, but this place has really come 180 degrees!  

Possibly new management, but the waitstaff is much more attentive and the service is excellent, even during busy hours.  As I said before, food and beers are great, and I'm very happy with how Dock Street has changed within the past year.


Frustrating experience...

I live right around the corner, and go to Dock Street often.  It's usually quite busy but the food and beer are great and worth waiting for a table.
Went in on a Wednesday night for dinner and was excited to find the place nearly empty.  My boyfriend and I waited at the entrance for about 10 minutes and no one came to sit us down.  Then we sat at the bar, again for about 10 minutes, and no one engaged with us or even asked if we wanted a drink.  In fact, the bartender and who seemed to be the manager stood in front of us, having a conversation, and walked away without asking us if we wanted a drink or giving us a menu.

Mediocre wait service is expected during a weekend dinner rush, but to be ignored by every member of the waitstaff was absolutely inexcusable. We're really disappointed at the terrible service we received from an establishment we've enjoyed and been very loyal to since moving to the area.  

Needless to say, we will not be returning to Dock Street, and encourage others not to subject themselves to such awful service.
The food alone at Dock Street Brewery is worth a trip in; however, you'll want to know a few things...

It's incredibly noisy inside. Like so loud you can't quite hear the person sitting next to you. So it's fine if you don't want to have any meaningful conversation with friends, fam, or strangers. Or if you're just enjoying a solo meal or drink, also a good locale for that.

Service is sloooooooow.  Did my server forget about me? It's hard to tell, sometimes. I definitely understand that this is a popular place and the kitchen gets backed up, but when service staff doesn't communicate with their guests in the 45 minutes between ordering and receiving food that is a problem. 

The pizza is excellent, and I'll continue coming to Dock Street for their tasty variety of pies. Pro tip: order for pickup and save yourself the dine-in headache.
I've been to Dock Street a few times, and have come to the following conclusions:

1) Most of the beers taste vaguely of soap.
2) If you like a beer enough to buy a growler's worth, the growler will be improperly sealed and the beer will be undrinkable by the time you get home.
3) The servers are obnoxious.  Case in point: I asked my table's server for a cup of coffee.  Her response was an emphatic "NO".  I thought she was joking.  She wasn't.

The pizza is honestly pretty tasty, but it's the only good thing about this place.  Triumph and Nodding Head are far superior in the beer department, and unless you live in the area, the servers alone make Dock Street not worth the trip.
I went here with a group of fellow yelpers last week.  Dock St has been on my list of places to visit for a while, but had never made it before.  West Philly can sometimes seem a world away, but in reality it's pretty easy to get to, whether driving or taking the trolley.

Walking in, I was a bit surprised that it wasn't quite as upscale as I was expecting. Not that it was bad, just that it shows that it's a former firehouse.  The ambiance was great though, with lots of activity and a good noise level.

The staff handled our large party well, and never left us waiting for another drink.  I sampled the Pilsener and the Bubbly Wit, preferring the Wit.  The other beers looked fantastic as well, but I like a light, crisp beer with my pizza.

We started with trio fries, which were fantastic, and sweet potato fries that were also quite good.  Then we went on to the main event, the pizza.  I tried the Flammenkuche, and came away very impressed.  The crust was a bit soft and doughy, but everything else was excellent.  It's a great choice of toppings, and one that I'll have to have again.  I also tried a slice of the Parma, which was quite good as well.

If you love good pizza and beer, you'd be remiss not to visit Dock Street.  I'll certainly be heading back there.
I had heard a lot of good things about Dock Street, so I was super excited to check it out for an early dinner on New Year's Eve.  Since they don't take reservations, I was worried it would be packed, but was pleasantly surprised that it wasn't.

I have to admit that Dock Street looks like a total dive bar...and this isn't necessarily a bad thing. The venue is converted firehouse, so there's plenty of neat things to look at...even though it's pretty dark inside.  We happened to be there on Tuesday which apparently is movie night. Sadly, we didn't stick around for the movie, but I'd definitely come back to do that one night.

We started our meals with cranberry kolsch and the man full of trouble porter.  The porter was awesome; the kolsch wasn't my cup of tea - it was a little bitter, which I'm assuming is from the cranberries. Round two was much better - the dry Irishman and the bubbly wit. Both were delicious with the bubbly witan my favorite of the night. It was light, bubbly (as the name would imply), and full of flavor. We ended up taking home two growlers that night (the porter and the bubbly wit) at a reasonable price of $15/each.

For food, we started with the calamari. It was a pretty standard dish - a touch salty - but the spicy chipotle mayo that was served with it was fantastic. We decided to split the Flammenkuche and Parma pizzas.  Both were excellent! The crusts were perhaps the best I've had in quite a while - soft and chewy. I liked the Flammenkuche best bc I love caramelized onion and bacon on a pizza. 

Good food, good beer, great service, excellent prices - I'll definitely be back in the near future!
I've been wanting to come to Dock Street for quite a while now, and I figured it was a cool place, judging from the crowds of people sitting outside that I make my way through every time that I pay a visit to Satellite Cafe. 

One particular Saturday night I decided to take the plunge. My girlfriend and I decided to sit at the bar since it was a particularly hot and humid night. We ordered two of their pizzas and several of their beers on draft. Although almost every one of their pizzas looked delicious, I settled on the A La Cocca and my girlfriend went with the Mellow Yellow.  The A La Cocca consists of creme fraiche, fontina, and spinach, topped with a fried egg. The Mellow Yellow consists of brown mustard, creme fraiche, portobello, white mushroom, mozzarella, and gruyere topped with scallions. So to answer the question that you are thinking, YES, they were both absolutely delicious. Between the thin crust and quality of ingredients that you are presented with, these pizzas really are worth every bite. Although I can't remember what we tried on draft, I can say that there was not a beer that I didn't like and that I will definitely return again since they rotate their list often. 

Our bartender couldn't have been nicer and happily answered our questions about the beer, the brewery, and gave us some history of Dock Street. He even gave me the owner's contact information incase I wanted to take a tour of the brewery. So as far as customer service, Dock Street definitely has you covered! 

I was also pleasantly surprised that both the food and beer were both very reasonably priced.  Now that the sticky summer night are coming to an end, I look forward to sitting outside and enjoying my beer on a nice, cool Autumn night.
As a former fan of Dock Street, it pains me to write a negative review on this site. Unfortunately, my experience last night was extremely upsetting and I feel like I need to warn others. 

I've been going to Dock Street for great beer and delicious pizza for years. Recently, I started following a mostly vegan diet for health reasons, so eating out has become more daunting. I always try to figure out what I can eat before heading to a restaurant so that I don't get stuck once I'm there. I was thrilled when I found out that Dock Street has several vegan options. Before leaving I checked out the menu on their website and looked to see if any events were going on last night - none were listed.  

After we drove the 40 minutes to get to Dock Street, however, we were seated at table with a tiny piece of paper on it stating since the restaurant had to pay a 3% fee every time someone used a credit card, they would no longer be accepting credit cards on Wednesdays. I asked the waitress what the deal was, since there was no sign outside or on the website to warn us, and she said something along the line of "Well, that's how it is and we have no ATM. Sorry." 

We definitely would have just brought cash if we had known this was an issue, but we were stuck with no way to pay. Thank goodness we didn't order a drink before seeing the little note! It wasn't even on a proper sign. Anyway, we had to leave and I was furious, hungry, and embarrassed. We ended up at Memphis Tap Room, though , so all turned out well. That is truly a lovely establishment with good food, plenty of vegan options, a lovely staff, and no shady notes on the table.
one person in my party got a BLUE RUBBER BAND in her pizza. she pulled it out of her mouth!!! the waiter was laughing when we told him. he offered to pay for her pizza (the one she didn't eat because it had a rubber band in it!) then he asked us if we wanted to see the manager. we saw the waiter and manager talking and laughing about it. the manager came over and was pretty rude. he said it there was a rubber band in the pizza it would have melted during the cooking process?? we were pretty upset at this point and the manager said, "What do you want me to to about it?" we told him to figure it out, we were not here to tell him his job. as a last resort, he said ,"What, do you want me to pay for your entire bill?" we said YES and then he said, FINE and walked away. What an awful way to treat guests who just found a foreign contaminant in their food!! I used to bring a group of friends in there monthly but i will NEVER go there again. They really need to brush up on their customer service skills, not to mention their food safety and sanitation skills. DONT GO THERE TO EAT OR IF YOU DO, INSPECT YOU FOOD - and God forbid, don't complain or you will be degraded as we were!!
I too went here for the Unofficial Yelp Happy Hour (thanks Bill!)  Definitely 5 stars for the company. :-)

What a great place!  In a converted fire house, they did a great job with the interior.  We were there on a Thursday, and even minus our large group, the place was pretty crowded.  The beer is good - I had the St. Albans (very interesting, but all set with just one), the pilsner, and the double bock.  Hubby had the stout.  The only pizza I tried was the Ole Dock Street, which had sausage, roasted red peppers and white beans.  It was good.  Not the best pizza, but I'm partial to extra thin crispy crust.  (Aren't we so particular about our pizza preferences??)  

But great ambiance, pizza and beer - what's better than that??
The pizza and beer here is great.  The fried leeks, which seemed like a good idea at the time, came out tasting like salty charcoal.  

We came to Dock Street about ten minutes before closing.  I've been a server for most of my working years.  I know it sucks.  But there is no excuse for the way this woman treated us.  After seating us the waitress briskly asks, "Are you eating?", us, "Yes." Her, "Well you better order fast." and then, no joke, throws the menus at us.  After taking a really long time to produce our food, we couldn't finish all of the pitchers we ordered and my friend was pouring a full pitcher into his growler (classy i know) for the road and the waitress comes running up yelling, "Oh no! Oh no! You really screwed that up!"  My friend was like, "What are you talking about?" (she's sort of become a joke at the table by now) and she starts talking to us about how he screwed up the beer and now she can't fill the growler, what was he thinking, and she doesn't know what to do blah blah blah and my friend interrupted to tell her he didn't want her to fill it.  Without any sort of apology for basically calling him a ridiculous fool she just turns and walks away.  She got her 15% tip but I don't think she truely deserved it. 

Anyway, the pizza and beer is good.  Mixed bag of people frequent the place.  Busy bar and lot's of mingling.  Just get there long before closing I guess.
So having been one of the first to review Dock Street this past December, I've definitely caught wind of the service problems that seem to plague this establishment.  Living a mere two blocks away, I come pretty often.  And I do not kid when I say I think within the last couple of weeks, they've finally found their groove.

The past two times I have been in for their fine brews and pizza, we've been greeted and served within five minutes of sitting down.  And much to our shock the other day, we received our pizza within twenty minutes of ordering it.  It was nothing short of incredible.

In other words, I think they're finally realizing that service must catch up to their product.  The servers have been upbeat and seemingly happy to work there.  Despite their problems, it seems that business will never slow down as it remains one of the very few places to hang out in the Cedar Park area. I'm still giving it two thumbs - the first year is always the most difficult for a new business.
This newest iteration of Dock Street is really great. Fresh, really good beer, nice hip wait staff, and yummy pizza. Not greasy thin pizza, but pizza with tons of stuff on top, different types of cheeses (even brie!) and sauce options. The beer is really amazing. Everything is fresh, the atmosphere is great, and best of all, its in west philly, right around the corner. The ONLY thing that could have made my neighborhood better was our very own brewery, and lo and behold, one has come. (also........the beer is delicious) it is definitely worth the trip out west to try this place out.
Good pizza, great beer.  I mean, really great beer. I really loved the espresso stout. The atmosphere is casual and fun.  I wish it has less of a concrete-and-patio-furniture feel inside, but with the right crowd who cares?  I was with the right crowd (yelpers) when I went, so it didn't matter much.  

If I lived nearby, I might have a problem with such easy access to growlers of their excellent brews...
This review is based solely on my experience with their Growler (and the experience others have had. Read Meredith's review). Don't get me wrong I love having one and especially thank Daria for letting me pick up one of her's. But I've found the process of going through what beers you can and can't take away in it can be a disorganized mess since there's several that you can'fill it with and they aren't readily listed. And while I get that the initial reasoning for the is the price markup of those beers, couldn't you just have a price markup for filling it up with them? Devil's Den does that (and they let you use growlers that were purchased from other locations.

But otherwise I still have a lot of five star love for Dock Street, especially during Happy Hour! and last time I didn't mention my favorite beer, The Satellite Stout, which hooks up fresh espresso beans that comes from it's neighbor Staellite Cafe. And I'll also give it up to my favorite pizza the Flammenkuche, which a friend of mine affectionately dubs the Flaming Cooch.
Sweet, precious little Dock Street.

I made the mistake of agreeing to a bike ride through Fairmount (under dressed and ill-prepared) rather than just meeting the gang for a post-ride drink at Dock Street. When we got there, you could have put rotten meat and sewage water in front of me and I would've been happy. Luckily, this wasn't the case.

Our waitress was amazing. Apparently, when the 12 of us came in, she was the only server there AND the computers just shut down. Because of this and our patience, she took 6 drinks off of the bill. Sure, it was a little slow, but hey, I can't fault the girl for the place being busy. She was really sweet and accommodating. 

The beers, of course, were great. The margherita pizza was great. And I saw one of my professors there, too, so that was weird.
Dock Street was our very last stop after about 8 hours of Erin-Expressing. I've never been so far west in West Philly.

Once glance at the menu and it was settled. Three of us would share the "Sicilian" pizza, which was in no way like your standard thick, square-cut tray pizza. Super thin and crispy, this giant pie was topped with olives, capers, walnuts, roasted garlic, sun dried tomatoes, mozzarella, red sauce and basil. HOLY FLAVOR. 

Same goes for the completely unnecessary cocktail I ordered, which was a mere $5 and made with sriracha sauce and oranges. A bloody Mary of sorts, for the night time hour. 

While pies run a bit steep ($18.50 for our large), that wood fired taste is absolutely worth it. Dock Street is my #1 reason to return to West Philadelphia.
Came here for the Unofficial Yelp Event (5 stars for that!) but on to the real review.

The beer was pretty solid, I had both the stout and the hefeweisen, which were both pretty tasty.  A few pizzas were ordered over the night, I had a slice of some vegetable pizza, I can't say I was all that impressed, but frankly, unless its chicago style or really good NY style, I don't get too wowed over pizza.  It looked like they tossed a bag of mixed greens over the pizza and I think I bit into a walnut, which admittedly, I probably should've perused the menu a little more.  

Oh, i did have the fries sampler, with regular potatoes, sweet potatoes, and chives, those were pretty awesome.  

But so when it comes down to it, 5 stars for the beer, 3 stars for the pizza, and 5 stars for good company.
The prices are a litle out of line with the area but in line with most breweries.
The pizza is excellent. 

The beer IMO is good but a little 'ripe'. I've gotten sick several times after drinking there and no, it wasn't due to overindulgence (well one time) but they seem early or something.

nice addition to the area
Good beer and odd pizza toppings, count me in.
I have the Le Greek, topped with greens and walnuts and some other stuff, I was two stouts in, so I don't have the best recollection. I do know it was delicious.

I tried a few of the other beer selections, most notably the St. Albus, which has a body like a porter and a not unpleasant aftertaste of fresh herbs. Its is made with worm-wood, so it should be good for your constitution.

The service is a little slow, but very friendly and with the good beer I wasn't in a hurry to leave. Dock Street is well worth the trip to West Philly.
The only reason this place still exists is that West Philly is dying for more restaurants and is desperate enough to patrionize what we can get.  With any modicum of competition they would be driven out of business. 

BEER:  Overly hopped.  Instead of brewing up a well rounded beer they toss in an extrondinary amount of hops to impress us.  I appreciate that they contracted a good deal on hops prior to the hop shortage and skyrocketing prices, but NOT enough to want it to be the primary flavor in every beer offered.  They had, and ran off, atleast 2 decent brewmasters that I know of.  If you want a good, local microbrew try the Philadelphia Brewing Company, Manayunk Brewery or Riverhorse Brewery.  All three are amazing. 

PIZZA:  Cutting corners seems to be their primary motivation.  Times are tough but I still want a decent pizza when I am paying for one.  Sparse toppings, often hastily made.  Trio fries=burnt leeks.  Allegro pizza doesn't have a wood fired oven and will still knock the socks off a Dock street pizza anyday. 
WARNING:  The "VEGAN" pesto is a lie.  Some of the prep-cooks put parmesan cheese in it to "make it taste better."  Some of them don't, but most vegans I know aren't willing to take the chance.

CUSTOMER SERVICE:  I live in West Philly and am friends with several cooks and servers who used to work here.  There's a reason the owner declared bankruptcy and ran atleast one other restaurant to the ground.  They treat their workers like poop and the good ones leave.  I can't speak for those still there.  Maybe if they were paid fair wages, treated better by management, and allowed to make and serve quality food (not forced to cut every corner possible) this place would be decent.  

And the acoustics are AWFUL.  It is hard to hear the person sitting next to you.  Throw rug anyone?  It could help with the cafeteria style sound.

I'm just looking for a good slice and beer to wash it down.  But I live 2 blocks from the place and get take-out from other places or go downtown for my pizza and beer.  Its a shame, I wish they were good.
And up we rise again! and not just because other spots (http://www.yelp.com/biz/hawthornes-biercafe-philadelphia) have helped me figure out how much of a good deal the growlers that I've had a previous grievance with really are.

Between things like the 2nd annual Dock Street Festival were The Homophones and Grandchildren rocked outside before the storm, and just catching up with my friend Roman while he worked a shift, I've had the chance to see sides of Dock Street that I haven't been able to see previously. And events like the festival mentioned above and the Baltimore Dollar Stroll have given me the chance to do something that I probably wouldn't have done otherwise - try their regular pizza. this brick over bad ass somehow manages to be just as good as the Fig Jam, Flammenkuche, and their other crazy good varieties. And it's things like that which manage to have me keep coming back for more, which I need to do soon now that the Satellite Stout is back on tap!
First off, Dock Street is one of  few ways I can manage to lure my non-West Philadelphia crew out here.  

The beer is nothing short of incredible (when all you're used to is warm lager and PBR in hipster dive bars).  There are usually five to six on tap, served properly in the right glass, and bartenders gladly will let you sample each and every kind.  It's hard to say which one is a favorite, due to the menu changing roughly every few weeks, but usually the beers run from the lighter to the darker or stronger.  I was never an IPA fan, but since my weekly attendance at the place, that opinion has changed.  The espresso stout, made with beans from the Satellite Cafe (next door), was great, and I hope they bring that back soon.

The pizza, of course, is out of this world: the Greek and the vegan pizza are highly recommended.  Probably some of the best you will get in Philadelphia.  The fish and chips are also a pleasant surprise - damn tasty.  They make some great fries for munching as well.

A little loud, but what can you do.  It is an old firehouse, after all.  It's great to have such a superior place like this in the neighborhood, if not slightly dangerous on the liver and the pocketbook.
A little out there in West Philly, but it's not too far of a walk from the University City area - and it's definitely worth it.

Beer options were great. I ended up with the Nit Wit, which was a perfect wheat beer to be drinking in the great outdoors with a big pizza in front of me. So many pizza options looked great, but I ended up with the (small) vegetarian, plus sausage. Note: no substitutions are allowed, but you can add or subtract items (weird rule? I kind of think so). A small was enough to fill me up, but I'm a small girl with a BIG appetite. I loved the artichoke hearts on the pizza, and overall the toppings and thin crust combo made a great pizza. It had just the right amount of char, too.

Service was the only so-so part of the experience. It took probably 20 minutes for anyone to even come to our table, let alone bring waters or take our drink orders. They have a night where you can only pay cash (Wednesdays, I think) and on other nights, they charge a $3 fee per card if you want to pay with more than 2 credit cards for a single table. I get that it's annoying, but as someone who eats out at almost every meal, it would be nice to have a little understanding that credit cards are just easier.

Give Dock Street a try if you're looking for something off the beaten path and a great pizza/beer combo.
This place has been around a while and I've eaten here many times. They brew their beer and although I'm not a beer "expert" I know what I like and they always have something that fits my taste. The food is always good. The pizza is a stand out. Tonight I was able to order flammekueche (I've made this tasty German pizza many times at home and was so glad to see it on the menu.) It is made with creme fraiche, onions and  bacon. Their version was delicious. I also love their trio fries which consist of white potato, sweet potato and leeks. You kind of have to get them whenever you eat here. If you don't, you're missing out. The buffalo cauliflower was a good late night snack. We ate pizza and then lingered at the bar and needed more food. My daughter showed up later and ordered from the vegan section because she can't tolerate lactose. The vegan mushroom pizza was very tasty!  The bartender was sweet and attentive and our bellies were full and we were very satisfied. This is a good spot in West Philly.
Yummy YUMMY pizza and food but I don't drink beer and they don't have spirits. 

Baby girl don't play where she can't get a vodka with grapefruit juice.

Also, I walked too far down Baltimore Avenue and almost shat my pants.
Now that Dock Street has decided to stick it's nose in politics a complete ban should be in order.  There are many more distasteful things to promote for publicity and profits than to go after a presidential candidate. If running for political office is so easy, then I suggest you throw your hat in the ring. Otherwise keep ur comments to yourself and know that you will never see me or my drinking buddies in your establishment anymore. Peace Out
The best thing about Dock Street Brewing is, of course, the beer. Oh, the beer. So good! Their cranberry Kolsch was deliciously refreshing (And served in the right "stange" glass too, beer nerds). 

Dock Street does a "tasting" of all their beers on tap-- this is the best way to pass a lazy afternoon, especially if you add a basket of their frite/sweet potato/leek fries. This is the best bar snack I have ever had, people, the Platonic Ideal of bar snacks. Get a large, or you and your friends will come to blows over the last bite of salty, crispy leek. Don't say I didn't warn you. 
Is Dock's basket better than the frites at Monks? I think it is! Oh heresy! *ducks a hail of angry frites*
Just what the Dr. ordered- a night out!!
Boy did we have fun with our new Yelp friends- drinking yummy beer, eating good pizza and enjoying some real grown up conversations.

I have enjoyed Dock Street's beer for almost half of my life- way back when they were located in Center City. When they went away I was sad, but now they have reincarnated into a cool new place West Philly style. The beer is the same and so very good! The fries are the same that I remember-- although I didn't remember getting indigestion the last time I ate them! 

I would have been all too happy to give this place 5 stars, but alas... I  must have looked like a freak show gobbling down my food after I waited over a half hour for it to arrive- cause I was fucking STARVING! 
Never mind- cause the company was so good I almost didn't notice.

Did I mention that I really liked meeting all my new friends?!
I so wanted to love this place but the staff just wouldn't let me!  After being seated at a table on a not so busy Wednesday evening, we were left to sit for 25 minutes with nobody stopping by to check in. We finally got up and say at the bar where we were greeted and served beer after a few minutes, but our order of sweet potato fries was never placed, so we got them after a reminder and another 25 minutes later. Sheesh! The staff was friendly but seemed to be enjoying drinking their way through the shift. With 2 "staff meetings" they had several rounds of shots of beer. I work in the service industry, I get it that it can be busy and stressful and patrons can be a total pain, but seriously, serve your customers before you serve yourself. Making us sit and wait for our beer while you drank didn't win you any bonus points.
For my first review I will appropriately pick the place where I heard about yelp. Last night I met a good friend for a refreshing bevvy (the summer selection I believe) and the Dock's fantastic brie and pear pizza. Yeah, I said BRIE and PEAR on a PIZZA! Dock St. is my favorite place to be on a summer afternoon sitting outside with good friends good food and drink. This place is definitely where the hipsters go, nevertheless it's fantastic. Always a good eclectic crowd with good eclectic music, I would recommend this to all my friends.
I only gave it 4 stars because I didn't get a chance to eat the food.  But if the food lives up to any level of the beer and atmosphere then it has to be good.  Honestly, this place has got it right and I like that they reclaimed a significant architectural building.  Awesome, awesome, awesome.  Oh and by the way, I absolutely loved meeting everyone from Yelp, you were all super nice and I wish we had more time to spend together.  If you missed this one then don't miss the next one because it is great to meet all of these wonderful people (OK, let me wipe the tears from my face).  Sorry, I don't want to get so sappy but I really did enjoy our night.  Cheers to you all!  -  Dave
I was a little apprehensive about grabbing a bite here with some old/new friends, because the reviews here on Yelp weren't that hot (nor that cold), and also because in my youth going that far west on Baltimore would be filed under "not a good idea". But, whatever, I'm game.

The house was rockin' late on a Thursday night, and our party grabbed the lone available table (though it appears we caught the tail-end of the rush, as by the time we were done there were plenty of seats). Our server was friendly, quick, and managed to find the proper balance between hovering and ignoring. Nice.

I had the IPA, which was just alright...I mean its a better option than Bud Light of course but I've been to a few brewpubs in my day and this would have ranked in the bottom third. Maybe the other options are better. But we were here for pizza and that part was amazing. Two small pies were more than enough for three people, and extremely tasty. One of the better pies I've had in a while, let alone in West Philly. 

My only qualm with Dock Street, as others noted, is that its just too loud in there. Not because of music or anything like that, its just a mess of hard surfaces and feels like you are eating in a giant metal box. Soften that up a bit and it would be much better. Or sit outside (though it was too rainy to try that out during my visit) and avoid it altogether.

Dock Street is a-ok with me...great pizza and good service is always appreciated. Perhaps grabbing some brews elsewhere and getting pizza to go is the proper move, but either way you are in for some good eats.
I went here over the weekend on a Saturday night, I think we got there right before it got really busy.  There was no outdoor seating available at 8pm and only two tables available inside.  We chose inside because we didn't feel like waiting for beer.  The service was a little slow, but our server did check up on us on several occasions.  The beer is good, although I didn't like what I ordered, which was the gold stock ale, it is not my new favorite beer as it claims.  Luckily, I liked my friend's bubbly wit, which is pretty fruity and high in alcohol content, so we swapped beers.  The only food item we ordered was the trio of fries, which is hand cut french fries, sweet potato fries, and leeks.  At first, I wasn't keen on the leeks, then they grew on me, then later on I had really bad breath.  All and all, it was an ok experience.  I think this will go on my to try again list.
DockStreet, a place oozing with potential, but alas, only turning out to be another sweating disappointment. 

Alrite, first some angry info:

Dockstreet is being completely shit on by a local church so they cannot serve hard alcohol and they have to be closed by midnight. This shit is absolute boulder-dash. We got Leroy's Showcase and that drug infested piss-shine, the Third World Lounge not more than 200 feet away and they're full functioning until two serving all the cocktails they damn please. In my opinion DockStreet had to of gotten weak and folded in the lobbying for those rights because those stipulations are just fucking ridicules. 

Also, the first time i visited DockStreet, i had a talk with the G.M and he told me flat out that he had zero beer related experience, and prior to this position he was a hotel manager. Not a bar manager, not a restaurant manager, not a former manager of a Brewery.....oh, dear me no, a fucking hotel manager. This alone shows you the mental deficiencies at the top of the ladder at this place. What kind of owner would make such an obvious irrational decision in putting a person with absolutely no experience in the beer industry at the head of a company whose soul-purpose is to profit from the sales of beer?  

And, apparently/unfortunately stupidity and shit both run down hill at this place. Listen to this garbage,  When Dockstreet first opened they were doing cash only, which is fine (now they accept credit)... but outside the restaurant they had a big sign that screamed : "CASH ONLY" ... now comon' were in West fucking Philly here, and im not being biased, i live 4 blocks away.., but they might as well of cut to the chase and put out a sign that flatly said: "ROB OUR PATRONS" it would of been easier. 

This place also since opening has already changed the brewer within the first six months and the beer is definitely suffering, it wasnt spectacular in the first place, but in no way has it improved. They have a hodgepodge selection of basic beer fare, with nothing extravagant or original to mention of, only one (satellite stout) id say is worth buying a pint or temptation forbid me, a growler of right now as it stands.  

DockStreet misuses its space, misuses its beer, has an inexperienced management team, a shitty ambiance, an uneclectic menu, heaps of community driven political backlash, doesnt aim to target its demographic and still has so much potential to make so much money, it fucking makes me sick. 

The only thing that makes this place acceptable is that it anchors the neighborhood at 50th st.  Soon all the rundown/burnt-out commercial space b/w 48th and 50th on Baltimore will flip over and maybe something new and half exciting will move in. 

Thank you DockStreet, 
If a pet store opens up off of Baltimore & 49th, i owe you a handjob.
I live about 3 blocks west of this place and as convenient as that is I can't bring myself to go there anymore. But first I will tell you the positives...

They have outdoor seating in the summertime which is especially great on Friday nights if you are at Cedar Park to hear the live jazz. Their burgers, when you get them promptly, are pretty good. Very eclectic and generally friendly crowd. They do engage in and host community events and if I'm not mistaken I believe they use/support local farmers and growers and use mostly organic foods of which I'm a big proponent.  

Now the bad news...
First off, I appreciate a well-crafted beer as much as anyone but all of their high-gravity beers give me an immediate headache and I've been drinking all kinds of beer for 20+ years. As a matter of fact, when I was a youth I used to make the trek from Jersey up to the old Dock St. with friends (because it was the only place that wouldn't card us). Sadly, my love affair with them ends there. 

Second, any restaurant that has exceptional food but lacks quality service - or vice versa - that leaves even one customer saying, "maybe it would be better next time" fails, in my humble opinion. And in this instance, I don't care how tasty the fig pizza might be, when servers take jobs at popular gathering places as a means to boast their own achievements and wait on their own friends, more so than to bring me said fig pizza when it's actually hot, they have failed to represent the establishment as a reputable one. There's nothing worse than listening to some girl in a neckerchief and no bra talk about how awesome her llama tour across Mongolia was to her friends that are paying in nickels when you can see your food getting cold behind her. 

Third, and this is no fault of anyone's really, it's loud as hell in there. Though I do appreciate the lack of televisions as a sort of sidebar to this note. 

Last, and maybe most importantly for me, I appreciate diverse crowds but not when half of them are as clueless as the yelper who referred to the location of the Firehouse as "sketchville West Philly".  Honey, you're on Baltimore Ave., three blocks from the Penn Alexander catchment area, not Jalalabad. There are homes less than a block away that cost $500K, do some research.
Nothing was bad, nothing was memorable.   I could have easily had the same meal, experience, service at any chain restaurant I think.  Their pizza is so.....boring.  In this day and age of Vetri, Stella, Nomad, pizza trucks, Kermit, Beddia, Pizza Brain, this place doesn't really hold a light.  

I do like it for this neighborhood because I like the neighborhood.  The craft beer, and the bike cafe attachment makes for a sufficient hipster hangout, but for food,  I'd likely go elsewhere.
I want to love this place but I finally had to give up.

Dock Street must hate making money, because every time I've come here has been a service nightmare (and I've been coming since it opened).  All the delicious beer and pizza in the world won't make up for the absurdity of visiting here.

On a not-busy Saturday around 3pm during beer week, I was seated at a two-top with a friend.

45 minutes later, my beer and her soda arrived.  About 15 minutes after that, my order of fries.

For a while, I contemplated just going up and pouring the beer myself.  I should add that after about 25 minutes of just sitting there, our waitress came over and asked for our order again.

A family seated after us flat out gave up and walked out in the time we were sitting there.  My friend eventually had to leave, so I sat there eating fries alone.  What a great place.
damn this place had great pizza (whoever asked everyone save rustica and slice to take note was right on!  those are my city faves).  beer was decent.  staff's nice.  feels a little too much like a cafeteria and not conducive to hanging out and drinking, though.  rare i judge a place on that, but it's hard to really get down with a place if it's not comfortable enough for me to linger in.  maybe call in the neighbors and TLC and have a little trading spaces action, eh? 

oh, and it wouldn't hurt if you were open sundays - for some reason i crave pizza and beer on sunday nights and you aren't open.  :(
I love the unfiltered, unpasteurized micro brews here, served up in various fancy glasses, even at the very fancy prices (keeps me from getting too drunk . . . mostly.)

I've been here several times and have enjoyed the trio fries as a consistant favorite. I had an orgasmic beer-pizza experience with their sudan grass when it was on tap over the summer and the margerita pizza. However, every time I've ordered the margerita since the rosemary in it has just  been a bit too overpowering. I'm the type of person who shouldn't be eating beer and pizza anyway (it makes me sick the next day) so I reformed my  naughty ways and have since ordered the goat cheese salad when I end up here. It's decent, it passes. Wish I could say more. 

And yes, the service is up and down. Sometimes I've had great experiences with the waitstaff but more often its been a really long wait. I stopped going here because of that even before I started cutting back on the beer and pizza stuff. It just sucks when you're going out for a good time and you're at this neat space with high ceilings and even though its loud its feelin fun and the beers are awesome and the food's pretty darn good and for some reason your server is just MIA and/or has an attitude. But it's definitely worth going to every now and then when I'm feeling especially naughty and want a beer.
one word - wow! another word - WoW! I think everyone pretty much covered why this place is amazing. Incredible pizza, some of the best and freshest beer ever served the right way. Incredible service too. some friends and I where relaxing on the cozy couches in the side corner (technically the waiting area but it's so damn comfortable!), and the bartender was quick to check on us every step of the way.

It's a beer lovers paradise too. Be sure to check out the wall of information first though because it will help you judge what beer is perfect for you. But the servers can answer any question too.

Definitely go even if your not to big on heading to West Philly. I'm know I'll be back there lounging around those cozy couches again. so feel free to say hello.
I love Dock Street. If I lived in West Philly, I would probably eat here every day  (and morph into a broke alcoholic). This place combines everything I look for in a good brew pub -- tasty beer, delicious food, and a laid-back, unpretentious atmosphere.

The beer is good -- fresh, flavorful and unfiltered. Try the Man Full of Trouble Porter or the Pils.  The trio fries (sweet potatoes, white potatoes, leeks) are a must-have --they practically melt in your mouth!  The pizza is killer -- from the Flammenkuche (bacon, carmelized onion, gruyere, and thyme -- embarrassing to say, delicious to eat!) to the fig jam and the pear, walnut and brie. 

Dock Street is also huge -- think giant warehouse with high ceilings, long-winding bar, plenty of tables -- which means there's rarely a wait. My only complaint is that they're closed on Sundays -- I want my Dock Street all the time!
I had been avoiding going to Dock Street for some time due to that air of west philly gentrification-inspired pretension that seems to be draped over the place like a heavy winter coat. However, I finally visited at the behest of a very good acquaintance who insisted that the had the best pizza in the neighborhood. I never got a chance to taste that pizza, however, because they accidentally put pork on a pizza being served to a table full of vegetarians (really? pork? in Philadelphia?) AND refused to correct the mistake.

After WE apologized and admitted that we may have forgotten to request the meat-free version of the pie, even offering to pay a partial sum for the uneaten pie as well as full-price for it's replacement, we were promptly dismissed by the incredibly rude manager-on-duty who let us know in the most condescending way possible that it was our fault and there was nothing he would do for us. My friend and previous advocate of this establishment politely reminded the manager that he was a frequent customer who wasn't attempting to cheat him and advised him that his tone was unnecessary considering the complete lack of animosity we were giving him (due in part to our belief that we were likely the ones who were in error). The manager, almost unbelievably, let us know that while he recognized our friend from his numerous visits to the establishment (as well as knowing he was a vegetarian at the time he ordered the pizza because of his usual special orders), he didn't want to put up with this because people "do this all the time" and if we decided not to be customers here anymore then that was our prerogative!

We ended up paying in full for a pizza we couldn't even give away because we live in west effing philly were the few people who do eat meat definitely don't eat pork.

If this is who the owner trusts to deliver their tacky hipster faux-dive bar experience to the university city masses then I'd hate to see what the rest of the staff looks like...
Get your act together, everyones rooting for you. Stop firing bartenders just as I get to know them. With that said, yeah, Dock Street is a bit of a cluster, but the beer is worth it. But seriously, read the warnings within these reviews. In the words of Tim Gunn, make it work Dock Street.
West Philly and beer equals Dock Street in my mind after this. We searched for a spot to meet with my friend and while we were waiting got the trio fries. Fries, sweet potato fries and leeks. Leeks are tasty, kids and while not a real fan of sweet potato or fries they were pretty good too. The fries? Fries are always tasty. I also started out with their rye ipa which was good. I'm not generally a fan of RyePAs but the subtle rye flavor was there without blinking out the hops flavor.The hops also weren't overpowering the rye either. We also got the Flammenkuche pizza which had enough bacon in it to keep me interested but with other toppings that made it more than just bacon pizza. 

The man full of trouble is a good porter with a tasty, creamy finish. The Irish stout like a classier, lighter bodied Guinness and the cranberry klsch is fruity but surprisingly better than a "chick" beer.
Dock Street is one of our city's only brewpubs and it is a relatively shameful one at that. Nothing compared to Nodding Head (which, apparently, receives a great deal of criticism from some of my friends) or even Triumph, but nevertheless, Dock Street, up until recently, was really the only option. I don't think that Dock Street is particularly moving or intriguing. I like its Rye IPA and its Bohemian Pilsner all right, the problem I have though is that it's just an average brewpub. Furthermore, the environment, despite the excellent pizza there, is insane. It's far too loud and crowded--proving, again, that West Philly simply doesn't have a lot of options in terms of beer drinking.
This was by far THE WORST dining experience I have ever had. So last night a special person and I decided to have drinks here. We were outside, and up walks the most clumsy waiter I've ever seen. She dropped her tray and notebook on the floor, I asked for reisling which was on the menu and she said, "we don't carry that" she substituted her incompetence by bringing me Chardonnay it was HORRID, tasted like they added rubbing alcohol to it. To make matters worst.....a colossal, New York feline sized rat, YES RAT went traipsing by like a regular ol foodie...we quietly but quickly exited this nightmare on 50th street. 

Disastrous, disgusting, horrible. I shudder to think of what that rat contributed to the meals coming from the kitchen that evening
This was one of the worst restaurant experiences that my husband and I have had in Philly. First I should say that before tonight we had eaten here and liked it - the food is delicious usually. But tonight we waited for an hour before getting our food, and one out of two dishes was the incorrect order when it arrived. I had ordered BBQ chicken and there was no tomato or BBQ sauce on the pizza when it arrived, because they had just run out of BBQ sauce. This sounds like a first word problem, which of course it is, but I was very hungry and the pizza was just cheese and grilled chicken and onions with no spices- so bland and disappointing. 

The waitperson apologized and offered to replace the order with a new pizza of our choice we took them up on what we thought was a nice offer - we waited another hour but the new order never came. It was only when we gave up and asked for the check that the wait staff realized our correct replacement order had never arrived and they gave us a 10 dollar gift certificate, found the pizza that had been prepped but never brought to or table in a takeaway box, and took the pizza off our bill. It does seem like the restaurant was unusually busy tonight, and everyone was polite, but we won't be going again in a hurry. It was just so stressful trying to get anyone's attention to even get the check after we gave up on getting our replacement meal.
I've tried, Dock Street Brewery; I've really, really tried.  Unfortunately, after a few visits to the brewery and trials of their beer elsewhere, I have to admit that I don't love their brews. 

They clearly have a nice following, there's obvious effort behind the brewing, but everything falls mostly flat to me. Maybe it's me, not them. In any event, I love supporting Philly breweries so I wouldn't even hesitate to go to a group event there. 

I had the red, white and blue salad (spring mix with blueberries, cranberries and goat cheese) and that was as refreshing as a salad can be. The pizzas have always looked gorgeous. 

I'm not frequently in West Philly, but it is nice that those who are have a brewery option.

Oh gee, I guess Dock Street is just not for me.
Pretty good pizza, awesome awesome fries and excellent beer......why go anywhere else?  This old firehouse has a hip, urban feel with a hip, urban wait staff.  Good music, requisite odd art and great company equals great time for my wife and myself.  

The St. Albans brew was my fave--it's the only one I tried---so sue me.  It had an interesting aftertaste not unike Jaegermeister.  Certainly not that strong and sweet, but the hint was there.   Not sure what the alcohol content of this beer was, but I was feeling very good.  Now to the fries.  If Monk's frites are up here....and DQ Brazier is down there, than the frites here are like way above Monk's.  Potato, Sweet Potato and fried onions mixed up in a greasy melange that had me licking the bottom of the basket.  I went to the bathroom to do this, as not to embarrass myself.  

Only downfall....service a bit slow.  I forgot we ordered food and when it finally came, it was a nice surprise.   Next time you're in West Philly, seek out this place for a lip-smacking good time and try the fries...did I mention how good they were?
So you know that awkward first meeting with a friend's new significant other? The one where you have to force your own significant other into going with such lines as "he's supposed to be pretty cool" or "it'll be fun, I promise" or even the super supportive "suck it up, it's only an hour"? Well that was my evening last night at Dock Street Brewing Co. Luckily, the guy was cool and even more importantly (for a yelp review) the food was a total winner and everyone was happy!

Dock street is the perfect place for a group that likes beer and pizza. It's pretty much that simple. The beer is a cut above the average selection because they make all their own beers and the varieties change fairly frequently (be sure to get the satelite chocolate stout brew when it comes out). The pizza is also above average with creative combinations like fig jam with gorgonzola and bacon (not as sweet as you would think and totally delicious). You can get  a plain cheese, but why would you when you have options like prosciutto or pears? I had the A La Greek which is pretty much a greek salad on top of a pizza. It was super yummy and I'm looking forward to round two at lunch today.

The highlight of the evening though was a beer on their current list called Triskaidekaphilia Dunkel Weisse. Don't try to pronounce it, but definitely try it. Everyone at the table sucked mine down leaving me only a sip so before leaving we had a full round and a growler to go. All I can say is "banana". I don't know why it works or if it even really should but it was a complete hit and everyone that drank the growler later that night was equally enamored with the dark banana beer with the name noone could remember.

As for the standard review questions:
Ambiance: 3, nothing notable - just a big room with a bar along one end. They do have outside seating when the weather is nice though.
Service: 3, I've had good and bad experiences. More often than not it's just slow, not bad, just a bit slow.
Price: We had four pizzas, two rounds of beers and a side salad for about $65 so definitely worth every penny.
I might be writing this review based on mostly nostalgia, since I'm moving from West Philadelphia in two weeks...my home for almost 6 years.  So maybe take this review with a grain of salt (like Capogiro's "Salt" gelato...read my review...plug.)  But recently, I've been learning to control my guttural reactions to things.  So you could also take this review with A LOT of salt.  

I truly do like Dock Street.  Their beer is good...the Rye IPA and the not-available-now "Gold Stock."  I give them props for their smallish brewery.  Their pizza is delicious...always.  Flammenkuche is by far my favorite, with caramelized onions, bacon, gruyere, creme fraiche, fresh thyme...a delightfully fresh and salty combo.  And then...then there are the fries.  The TRIO of fries, to be exact.  Fried Leeks, sweet and white potatoes.   WOW.  such salty goodness...that they need no special dipping sauce.  The service is ok...not the best.  But really, THIS time, I'm satisfied with the food, with the occasional good service.

So, I think that I really really like salt.  many grains of salt.
Dock street just so happens to be at the end of my corner, so when it first opened I thought "OH! WHAT CONVENIENCE!"
The only problem is that a beer is $4 plus tip so an average night of drinking would end up costing $20 for beer and then another $10 for a personal pizza. This quickly drove me into the poor house...but for good reason!
The beer is great (my favorite was the espresso) and the pizza is some of the best in the city. I would definitely consider this place a must if you frequent west philly. The staff is also super warm and friendly and they'll talk with you for hours.
The UPenn kids are still pretty petrified of anything past 45th street so the crowd at Dock Street is definitely well behaved (being mostly residents from 47th to 50th), but sometimes loud.

All in all, Dock Street is a great place for food AND drink. Just be prepared to spend more than you normally would on pizza and beer.
Oh, most of the beers have a pretty hefty alcohol content too.
Ye be warned
3.5 stars. Saw the fucker in half Yelp.

I went in here for the Dock St UYE that the mighty Bill McThrill put together. Since I was one of the first to arrive besides Master McThrill I sat down and ordered a beer. The first beer I got tasted funny, like the tap wasn't clean. The second beer(a pale ale I believe) was better but nothing spectacular. 

We moved on to a set of tables after a bunch of fellow Yelpers arrived. Then things started hopping. Appetizers were passed around. The fried leeks and fries were delicious.  the Prince Myshkin Russian Imperial Stout was very very tasty. The flammenkuche pizza was also good. The sauce was decent and the crust was thin and tasty. The toppings were also pretty good. I tried some other peoples pizza and was less enthusiastic about what they got, though the names escape me due to the aformentioned Imperial Stout.

Overall it seemed like a nice place with pretty good service. It did get a little loud as more people filtered in, so I can imagine it would get crazy loud on the weekends. But for a Thursday night it was just right.
Pizza is amazing.... but the hipster attitude in which it is served is awful. 

They are ridiculous about take out, the make you go to the left side of the bar regardless. Stopped there for a beer, had to sit on the right side, they literally told us after we were done our beers we had to walk over to the right side of the bar (which connects!) to pay... all they had to do was walk our card over to that machine (I guess that is the take-out one? WTF?) and walk it back to us... but no, they made us finish our beers, get up and walk over, wait to get the attention of the barkeep over there, and then check out. 

Such a convoluted process that really just leaves a bad taste in your mouth. 

Beers are WAY to expensive too (and I'm not cheap). 

Great setting & pizza, mediocre beer (carbination is always off), awful service.
Here's some advice to all of you meat lovin' midwesterners out there: nix the beef, add some leeks and consume potatoes. Leeks and potatoes - Dock Street does it right. 

While seasoned fries always trump regular fries, and sweet potato fries always win the prize, there's not a fry dish better than the one served at Dock Street: crispy leeks, mixed with seasoned regular fries (or season them yourself with red pepper flakes, generic green Italian seasoning mix, garlic and salt), and sweet potato fries, this trio is one worth sacrificing calories for.

And to compliment your hipster leeks and frites, do yourself a favor and consume an entire pizza made with fig, gorgonzola, and bacon. (Bacon isn't meat...it's in a food group of its own.)
Me and my boyfriend started going here 2 weeks ago.  From the other reviews, I wasn't sure if I would like the service there but from the first time we went to yesterday (now we've been there a handful of times), the service has always been efficient and helpful.

The beer of course, is the reason why most people go here and for good reason, too.  They seem to have a rotating roster of beers.  The first time we were there we were able to try the 6 they had available in a generous tasting sampler for just $7.  I especially liked the seasonal special, the Pumpkin based beer.  

The food menu, while being limited to the basic pub eats, is also pretty good.  I had the veggie burger there and while it wasn't awe inspiring, the triple fries were.  And the pizza is not bad.  The crust isn't soggy, and the combinations they offer are diverse and yummy.  We especially like the pear and brie pizza.  

The only downside imo is that they close so early!  I think it's something like 11:30 on a saturday, and food stops being served at 10:30.  But that's a very minor complaint. 

We'll be going back here many times from now on.


Oh, and by the way, they are closed Sundays.
Being able to say to the female bartender- "I would like sexual chocolate" and eliciting a smile from her made my Friday night.

I finally checked out this West Philly hangout, and found that area to not be too bad at night.  It was a pretty packed place, with a nice hip-hop soundtrack. Over time though, the place started to clear up and we were able to get some closer seats near the bar.

I had a Golden Ale (or something like that), which I enjoyed. The forementioned Sexual Chocolate was a little bitter for me, but I still was able to down it.  They also have a large selection of beers here.

My only complaint, is that there were more guys there than women on a Friday. Granted going with my roommate's engineering class probably really didn't help my odds either...but still. Regardless, I think this is the place to go in West Philly that is far enough from the Penn campus, and also gives you a taste of the nightlife.
Dock Street is located a bit farther out in West Philly, but is pretty easy to get to.  The 34 trolley will take you straight there, or if you're a Penn student, Penn Bus West drives right past during its route.  

I absolutely love the pizza here.  I've tried the the margherita, flammenkuche, and four cheese, and they are all delicious.  I want to try the vegetarian next, but honestly, all of the pizzas here look delicious.  It's great to go with groups here, because you can order a variety of types of pizza and try all of them out.  I personally can't finish a small one by myself, so I love sharing 1 less pizza than number of people with whoever I'm with.  The beer here is delicious and I'm a huge fan of summer session right now.  

The atmosphere here is really laid back and casual, but it can be a bit warm inside if you're not sitting near a fan.  I haven't been able to get a table outside yet, but Dock Street is right on the corner, so you have a lot of space out there without having too many people walk by during your meal.

Never tried the appetizers or desserts here, but I heard that the trio fries were good.  For me, IT'S ALL ABOUT THE PIZZA. AND BEER.
When a few of my friends told me this latest incarnation of Dock Street Pub had "great pizza", I was skeptical, or at best, was just expecting regular pizza done well. On my first visit, I was surprised to see a clever, gourmet-inspired selection of pizza one might expect to find on the menu at Tria, if Tria made pizza, and not at a West Philly beer spot.

The pizza is best enjoyed in groups, order a bunch and sample a slice of each. The flavors of the Sicilian pop in the front with tangy, salty black olives and  capers, the Flammenkuche with onion, bacon, and gruyere, the Fig Jam with gorgonzola, fig, and bacon...and madonna mia, the creamy Brie with pear and walnuts--these flavors engage all your taste buds at once. Paired with a nice palette cleanser like the grapefruity Rye IPA, your second, third, and fourth bite of pizza will be just as exciting.

Aside from the great beer made on site, the pizza steals the show at Dock Street. My personal Dock Street Recipe for Perfection is the Rye IPA, a Brie pizza, a Sicilian pizza, and a Fig or Flammenkuche with some sweet potato fries. I share the food to have more room for beer, I wash it all down with a smooth but heavy Bubbly Wit, and I leave happy every time.
Husband & I went there 7pm-ish on Saturday to celebrate our 6th wedding anniversary ~we rarely go out to eat as a couple, and when choosing Dock Street, we had no lofty/romantic expectations--just wanted a convenient place for some good beer and good food. Dock Street delivered, more or less. (I'd give 3.5 stars if Yelp would let me.)

From the reviews by fellow Yelpers, I went in fearing lousy service; we had a relatively decent experience in that regard. By no means was it warm and fuzzy, but aside from a too-long interval between seating and drink orders, our service was competent, if indifferent and on the cold side. [Hmm, now that I rethink it, that still qualifies as lousy service!]

Food was great. We had the trio fries as an appetizer, and they lived up to the hype (the leeks were esp. awesome and define it as a "must have" dish). As a vegetarian, I was v. impressed by the number of veggie-(and vegan-) friendly selections. Previous reviews had convinced me to try out the pizza, and so i ordered the four cheese; C ordered the ribs, but they were out of them (a little weird for a Sat.  night, but wevs): he ordered the sausage pizza instead. We agreed that the pizza was pretty damn awesome, and has probably ruined us re: the sh!tty pizza generally available by delivery.

We both had and liked the Rye IPA ,and I was happy with the Saison as well. I was not wowed by either, but they were beyond adequate, and I'm curious enough to go back and try more. Prices were quite reasonable.

The interior was a serious disappointment. I did not expect/need/want a luxurious atmosphere, but even w/ low expectations  I was really nonplussed . It's drab and uncomfortable...yeah, I get the abandoned-warehouse-chic idea, and that's fine, but the tables are very wobbly and the chairs seem to be 1970's high school cafeteria relics (not imitations meant to be retro-kitschy!  They look/feel like they are the real deal bought on the cheap). We would have stayed  longer (& thus spent more $) if it weren't so damn uncomfortable.

In sum, it's worth checking out. for great food and decent beer. I'm glad to have experienced it since it's 2 blocks from my house and so might be a good place to drop in once in awhile, but I wouldn't be likely to again choose it for any sort of special occasion, no matter how low-key--at least not until the seating is upgraded to remotely comfortable (it would be nice if the wait staff were compelled to @ least pretend they give a sh!t. too).
(to the tune of "Hands to Myself" by Selena Gomez)

I want this beer to myself
No, you can't have a sip of my brew.
I want it all to myself.
Just go and get one that is for you.

Won't even give you a taste
This glass is sticking to me like it's glue
My refined palate won't waste
Would rather have this than gin and juice

Oh, 'cuz all of the salads and pizza
They're gonna be just for me-za
And I'm trying, trying, I'm trying, trying....
But every bite brings me closer
Share my cheesy goodness? A no, sir.
And I'm trying, trying I'm trying....

But this beer is for myself.
Keeping this beer to myself.

Is bogarting all the beer greedy? Maybe. But with a few rotating taps and some great seasonal specials, I don't mind being a bit greedy. I've been to Dock Street during Baltimore Avenue Dollar Strolls, for late night pizzas, happy hour, and dinner, and I always leave satisfied. Though all their beers aren't home runs for me, there's always at least one that's really gonna knock my socks off. The pizza is unique and delicious. It's not cheap, but it's not prohibitively expensive, and the ingredients are high quality. From a cheeseburger pizza to buffalo chicken, to one featuring seasonal vegetables and a mustardy sauce, they're bringing out the big guns in flavor, and I couldn't think of something better to match with all that beer.

The crowds... are plentiful. From couples to families, college kids to yuppies, hipsters to hippies, Dock Street is nearly always full of a diverse group. But the service is attentive, the space is typically clean and bright (if not always open, crowds and all), and the product is DELISH. Will be back again and again, worth the trip to West Philly.
I've been here twice, but my last experience was subpar and I won't be back. 

The food and beer are great, and it's close to home, so it's convenient, too. My panko crusted mozzarella chunks were delicious. But our service was not very good: it was extremely slow and our server inattentive.

I was in the bathroom while my friends were seated, so I didn't have a water when I got back. That's fine, I asked for a beer and would ask for a water later.

We were not given napkins or utensils until our main entrees (we also ordered appetizers). The wait for food was so long that I finished my beer before the appetizers were served. It was not until after we had finished our meals that the server asked if I wanted a second one---by that time, we were finished with dinner, so no, I wouldn't have another. I did, however, ask for a water, which didn't come. Next time the server came by, my friend mentioned that I needed a water. Some time later, my water finally came, and the server promptly spilled it all over my lap and phone. 

Accidents happen, and that's okay.  But the server was not terribly apologetic and it made me feel like chopped liver. 

The check comes and it's a Wednesday so we can't use cards, which seems sort of silly for a place which seems to get a lot of business. 

All in all, not worth the time spent or jeans soaked. I won't be back.
Went here as it was noted "Kid Friendly" when we walked in at 1pm on a friday there was no staff present, when we did see someone he must not have seen the 5 of use as he was lost in his own world. We took a seat and waited, and waited, and waited! Finally I went to the counter and asked for some menus...
The menu was ANYTHING but kid friendly! 

They did not have milk as a drink! 

They did not have any kid foods pos the menu (no chicken fingers, no mac and cheese, nada, nothing)

For the adults, I am sure the beer would have been great but it was 1pm and I was with the family, can I have an ice tea? NOPE! nothing! 

The pizza was good, the burger was good, the fries were great, other than they were fried in onion oil! 

I a sure the hipsters and such love this place but I will never go back...
First time, I came for a group dinner with over 25 people. One member organized the event and pre ordered the food and just split the bill evenly amongst everyone. From what I heard, he said the restaurant was easy to work with while organizing such an event. Food was good but because the menu was pre decided, I didn't get to try much but the pizza ( margarita and buffalo chicken) I had was average. Plus, the place was very loud and service was relatively slow.

The second time I came, the waitress gave us some serious attitude for wanting to move outside after originally being seated inside (before ordering). But can you blame us after being seated near the door next to a bunch of flies? Got 4 small vegetarian pies for 5 people - all were decent but nothing to call home about. 

Good beer and pizza but just really far from CC. I don't think I'll be back here unless I'm in the area.
I give Dock Street two stars, although we at least pick up a pizza here every month.  Why do we keep coming back?  Sheer desperation.

Dock Street is the best pizza in the area.  Hands down.  It's not cheap, it's not unique, we always get the same thing (the Portabella and Gorgonzola number), and the atmosphere is crummy.  But there's really no place else to get a decent pizza around here.

If you do need a good pizza and are in West Philly, though, we'd recommend getting take-out.  The space is big and looks as if it was originally intended to be industrial, but in a futile attempt to warm it up someone had amateur craft night and spattered their work all over the walls.  The staff is, generally speaking, slow, and working too hard to affect how icily chic they are to serve you with any sensitivity or consideration.  The beer is actually all right, but five bucks for beer brewed on the premises (which costs very little, despite the spiking cost of hops) and served in a tiny glass is just too much to bear.  We hope never to have to eat in the restaurant itself again, although we'll certainly spend our hard-earned money on a palatable pizza, once in a while.  That's the price one pays to live in West Philly, I guess.
I wanna give it 5 stars since it's my neighborhood place and I frequent it a lot and love it but I can't honestly do that for a number of reasons all broken down below:


Pizza: they JUST changed their menu FYI (4/29/16) some faves are gone but the Flammenkuche is A1. It's seriously SO SO GOOD and I always want it.

Beer: also SO GOOD since they are a brewery lol but really also have a good selection between stouts & hoppy beers.

Regular Fries are SO bland, the wait on Friday can be MISERABLE, the price makes me cringe but I also get it because it's great, some bartenders are less than favorable.
Went there on a Saturday evening around 5:30 or 6 for dinner with the boyf. We walked in, and because there was no hostess, a waitress standing at the bar told us we could sit wherever we like. We noticed that he place wasn't packed, in fact it was about half empty. Fine with us, because we were really hungry and the sooner we got our food the better!

The building itself is really cool looking. But not cool enough for me to sit there for ten minute still waiting for MENUS. We were going to get up to go somewhere else. There were at least five waiters/waitresses walking around, some just leaning on the bar, who completely ignored us.

I finally had to ask a waitress for one! As she was bringing the menus over, another waitress was asking her something, and she stopped in front of our table having the conversation, just holding the menus. For the love of god, JUST GIVE US THE MENUS SO WE CAN PAY YOU MONEY.

After we got our menus, a waitress (no introduction, no welcome to Dock Street, no how are you doing...) asked what we'd like to drink, and came back a minute later to take our order. I asked for the vegan pizza with pesto. I asked her if the pesto WAS, in fact, vegan, and if there was any parmesan cheese in it. "No, it's vegan... well... the last week... I'll double check for you."

She passed us a few times and brought out our appetizers, and I had to ask HER if she double checked. "Yeah, it is (vegan)."

The hummus I got was very good. It was topped with kalamata olives (yuuuummmm), red peppers, and walnuts. I was hoping the walnuts would actually be mixed in with the hummus, but it was still really good. It had a nice zesty spice to it, which I really liked. And I don't usually like red peppers, but these were marinated and roasted juuuust enough. 

About three minutes later our personal pizzas were brought out, as well. We hadn't even halfway finished the appetizers! There was barely enough room for our things on the table! It's a good thing we were sitting on a ledge near the food prep, because we had to put some of our plates on there.

The pizzas were ok. The vegan pizza could have used some olives for fat, but the pesto was very good. I couldn't detect any cheese in it (the only reason I bring this up is because of a previous review about parm in the pesto).

My boyfriend got the marghertia pizza. He said it was ok.

The best part of my meal was the hummus. 

I'll NEVER be back here. It's a shame, because we reeeaaallly love microbrews. We didn't get to sample any beer this trip, and we had hoped it would be worth it to come by for a night out. If the service is that crappy on a Saturday evening when it's half EMPTY, I can only imagine out long it would take on a Saturday night when it's full of drunk people.

On a related note, if anyone can recommend some good microbreweries in Philadelphia (other than Triumph) with some decent vegan and omnivore options, as well as servers who don't seem bothered that you'd actually like to EAT at a restaurant (the horror!), holla at ya girl.
My girlfriends and I went here after an early morning volunteer event in West Philly. I must say this spot in a prime location which i'm sure is great for business. We were there when doors opened at noon on a Saturday. 

As we were seated we were brought water and menus. From start to find the staff were attentive to our table's needs and offered suggestions. I had ordered the burger (no tomato, add goat cheese, medium-well). It came out perfectly! It was not overcooked, the fries were perfectly crispy and seasoned, and i was so full after my meal. I did notice that most of the tables in the restaurant ordered pizza, they must be known for it. I will definitely have to come back and try their pizza pies. Overall its a great chill spot in an up and coming area of the neighborhood.
Well. I've been coming here for a long time now (about a year since they've opened) and I have been putting off writing my review. 

so. 

Dear Dock Street,

You have wonderful food options, and delicious beer. Now, if you could only get your shit together... When you stock 6-8 beers at a time and run out of 1 its a big deal. When you run out of 2 its an even bigger deal. Other brew pubs don't seem to run out of shit like you do. You know that you are a hot spot. You know its always busy. Now why cant you get it together so that you can provide good service across the board? Also... STOP running out of food. srsly. You've been open for over a year and have had the same traffic for that time. Order enough shit so you don't run out of certain foods EVERY time I go. And update your beer list to reflect what you have. Its a fuckin chalk board. You run out? Erase it off the list. Real easy.

Don't get me started on the ordering a keg snafu... I called you, you told me all I had to do was come on down, I came on down, you told me I needed to call and reserve a keg. Then you took an hour to get me the keg. You also told me that a tap was included in the price. Then I got there and you told me you didn't do taps. WTF? Get it together PLZ!

I still love you. I love what you are doing for the block. I love that I don't have to leave west Philly anymore for good pizza and beer in the same spot.  I really do love to love you. Just please, organize yourself a little better, and crack a smile every now and again when its busy. Busy = Money.

sayin.
Here's a disclaimer: I so badly want to give 4 stars because I really think Dock Street Brewing Co has some of the best beer and food in West PHilly as fas as local bars go, but unless you're planning on hanging out all night there, your food will take FOREVER. each time I've been to there I've waited almost an hour for my food let alone 20 minutes for water. Regardless if its busy or not. With that being said when the food comes out eventually its awesome. Dock street is cool for using locally produced ingredients and crafting their own beer. Its decor is pretty cool and they switch the artwork from time to time. I would recommend trying it out, especially for the burgers.
Its PERFECT for groups of people or an after work social.
At 10pm it was 91 degrees outside. At 8pm when my friend and I tried to dine here god knows how hot it was. It was cooler outside than inside tonight at Dock Street. We could have opted to sit inside, but I don't enjoy sweating whilst eating. So we went back out and waited. Well luckily the waitress told us after we stood around like schmucks that it would 20 for a table. So, we went down the street to Cafe Vietienne which was also not freezing cold. Whats up west philly? 

Not cool. No pun intended.
I went to this place for the first time over the weekend with my fiance + two friends. We went for Sunday brunch. I got the Fig Jam Pizza and the Winter Haze. I normally never like beer, but the beer at Dock Street was smooth and not too "hops" tasting. The Fig Jam pizza was delicious and the bacon in it was a nice touch. The crust was crispy but not burnt. One of my friends is vegetarian, and he was happy with his vegetarian pizza choice. The service was relaxed, and they did not rush us out. We were there for several hours. 

I recommend Dock Street Brewery if you want to go to a place that is not pretentious, affordable, and makes great pizza.
Went back by myself on Friday. Had a nice bubbly wit on happy hour special for $3.
Then had the pumpkin beer, it was pretty good. I see they raised the prices..again.
Ordered a sausage pizza for take away, took away and got home to see they gave me the wrong pizza. went back and exchanged it.
the bartender was nice but he seemed a little out of it, kinda spaced out.

Got sick..again. I just think my and the beer/food @ dock streer just don't like each other.
Dock Street is a fantastic casual neighborhood hangout.  The beer is good, the pizza is good, and the atmosphere is fitting.  This is one of those places I find myself defaulting to often.  It's great for lunch, dinner, or late night (Friday & Saturday specials).  It's always buzzing, but not uncomfortably busy.  Thumbs up.
I was so excited when Dock Street opened.  Finally, a neighborhood hangout with good beer and food!  I talked this place up to everyone I knew, trying to lure people into West Philly for the evening.  I always enjoy the beer and usually enjoy the pizza.  The Satellite Stout and Sergeant Pepper are my all-time faves. The service?  Not so much.  It is very hit or miss--in the past 6 months or so, it's been mostly the latter.  On a few occasions I've waited 30 minutes for a round of drinks, and it always seems understaffed during the rush.  Some of the servers are wonderful and attentive, so I don't want to knock it completely.  It's just very inconsistent, and after a year it seems like they should have it nailed.  Oh well, it doesn't stop me from coming back for more.
Came here once with a group of friends, having heard of the great beer here a this cute local brewery. It was raining, but the place was still pretty packed. The beer is EXPENSIVE, and just okay on taste.

But the service SUCKS. The waiter came with our check after we ordered our first round without asking us if we wanted anything else, so we had to awkwardly tell him we wanted more. Then he took one of our umbrellas for some reason and went outside, then returned it 10 minutes later without a word. WHAT? Near the end of the night, the music got louder and louder, then the lights got dimmer.. and we took that as a really strange sign that they were closing so we tried to pay our bill. Then the waiter tried telling us we couldn't split the check between more than 2 cards...

The pizzas looked good though so I went back another time and was disappointed. They didn't taste nearly as good as they looked. And service was super slow. Sigh.
This place has great beer and pizza but it is never open. The hours are very restrictive and the last time we tried to go they were on "holiday". How European.
Call ahead!
Wonder of wonders, I have finally found a place that serves non-Belgian beers that are still palatable. Normally, I'm a fruity, flowery lambic sort of lass because I find most beers to be bitter and icky, probably due to the overuse of hops. Three of Dock Street's beers, the Summer Session (wheat beer with lemongrass and ginger), the Dunkel Berliner Weisse (sort of sour, not bitter, and odd notes of fruit and chocolate, depending on the sip), and the Sudan Grass (sorghum-based **gluten-free** beer, with wildflower honey, hibiscus, lemon grass, rooibos, and rose hips) have made drinking beer actually enjoyable. The only thing I find frustrating is that they tend to rotate out my fav beers and rotate in ones I'm not interested in, but at least they come back. If you happen to be a beer aficionado, I recommend the sampler, which offers 6 small but filling glasses of each beer they have that day. It's a good way to get a taste of their selection and get a bit tipsy while doing so.
Their pizza is pretty pricey, and I tend to avoid it since it's full of evil cheese and tomatoes, but it's very high quality and quite delicious even without cheese. They do offer a vegan option, but since it still has evil tomatoes, I avoid it, though I'm contemplating asking for a tomato-free version. Their hummus platter and fries trio (potato, sweet potato, and leek) are my favorite things to eat here, and are reasonably priced.
In general, it upsets me that Yelp has a "Hipster" option to describe a given restaurant's ambience. It's a very ambiguous term, signifying anything from the laced-up military boots with tattered jeans tucked within to the box frame glasses and thin suspenders. Hipster can be classy or it can run amuck among the punk rockers. I try to avoid labeling a place with that descriptor, only reason being how generic a term it tends to be. 

Dock Street Brewing, however, is straight up, unadulterated hipster. And whereas people may use that word as a pejorative, I mean it as a blissful break from the reality outside. Hipster's what happens when people want nice things but can't always afford nice things. It's a form of honor. Hipster means making due with what you have. That's why the hipster ambience doesn't sprout up in the Chestnut Hills of the world. It blossoms in the West and South Phillys, the young professionals scraping to get by but looking to make the most of their time in an artistic and cultural hub like Philadelphia. In West Philly, at least, when you save up enough money to go out for an evening, Dock Street Brewing Co. is a top selection. The pizza is fantastic and creative, the beers bold and a good bang for your buck. I ordered the Lumineer brew, which was a little dark for my taste but still original. 

Pizza's a tough business. You get too creative, people get queasy. You go too traditional, there's no repeat customers. Dock Street walks the line perfectly: their use of cheeses, nuts, fruits, and sauces is impressive. The menu is extremely limited, mind you; it's not the place to go if you're looking to satisfy a broad range of preferences. But for pizza and beer, for a quick bite or casual date, Dock Street's a true diamond in the rough and getting rougher West Philadelphia.
I went here for the first time on Friday night and I loved it. We arrived around 6:30pm, and we got a table for 2 right away- however, it was pretty busy, and longer parties had to wait. By the time we left, people were waiting for tables. (Although they do have a bar area and delicious beer, so it's not like waiting for a table is particularly painful!)

We ordered the trio of fries ($5.95; white potato, sweet potato, and leeks). I ordered the individual Florentine pizza ($8.95; creme fraiche, spinach, sliced tomatoes, leeks, herbs, and mozzarella) and my friend ordered the individual Brie pizza ($8.95; mozzarella, spiced pears, toasted walnuts, creamy brie, and fresh herbs). They also had 5 or 6 beers on tap, and I ordered the Man Full of Trouble Porter- awkward to order but tasty. 

The fries were one of my favorite things- the leeks were a nice surprise. We both liked my pizza better, although the Brie pizza was also good. My friend mentioned she wished there was more toppings on the pizza, and I agreed with her to some degree. However, the combination of flavors were great. I also like white pizza more than tomato sauce, so I loved the large number of options on the menu that didn't have traditional red sauce. I was hungry and found the individual pizza size to be the perfect size for me.

Overall: loved the decor, the food was relatively cheap (our dinner was about $20 each for pizza, beer, and fries), our waiter was awesome and friendly, and the bathroom was nice (an important part of the dining experience!). However, on our way out we were distracted by the police activity in the small park across the street- apparently during our meal, shots were fired and the whole area was covered with caution tape. Not the best way to leave a meal :-). But I'll likely be back the next time I'm in West Philly for dinner!
Soggy cheeseburger.  Dry Bun.  Expensive as hell.  The only positive thing about my takeout experience was the guy who rang me up.  Very cute and friendly.
Just got home with my take-out order from Dock St.  As good as the beer is supposed to be, this experience has soured me on their food.

Order: Vegan Pesto Wrap....modified for gluten free, so without the wrap.  

Result: a VERY small bed of greens, topped with two or three artichoke hearts, maybe three or four chopped pieces pf sun-dried tomatoes and three or four slivers of onion. maybe 1/4 cup sauteed spinach.  This portion size, for the price(9.75 if I remember correctly), is completely ridiculous, it was barely the size of a small side salad from anywhere else.  

Ill go back, Ill try it again, because the flavor was nice, even if there was not enough of it.
I feel compelled to always split up any restaurant I review, only because the food and drink and the wait service can be completely separate in making or breaking a review.

With all that, the food.

My fiance and I ventured there last evening for pizza and beer. We've been there before and as always, the beer is delicious. I had the Rye IPA, which was what I expected. My fiance wanted the Triskaidekaphilia Dunkel Weisse, but they were out. So, she settled for the Summer Ale, whic she said was good.
We ordered two small pizzas, the Flammenkuche and the Sausage. Both pizzas were great. definitely would go there again based solely on the pizza and beer.

Onto the service. Not up to snuff. It always appears that they run on a slower mode. Lengthy intervals between visits. Once the check is delivered to you, there is a definite lag between dropping it off and picking it up from you. I dunno if they don't want you to feel rushed, but the opposite was felt. Next time we're going to sit at the bar.

The only other thing that wasn't so wonderful was how hot it got in there. My fiance was definitely uncomforatble for the last half of the meal.

Worth the trip if you are in no hurry to do anything else except drink beer and eat pizza. If time contraints are upon you, you might consider somewhere else.
Oh Dock Street how I have missed you :-( 
I used to be a regular... Tuesday movie night, random weeknight, any excuse for delicious pizza kind of regular. Unfortunately I moved and cannot get here fast enough or often enough.
I hate artichokes and mushrooms, kinda weird dislike for being a long term veg but whatever.  I will gladly eat these two nasty veggies upon a Dock Street, thin crust, flavor bursting pizza.
Beer is also good stuff, although I wish Bubbly Wit was always in production with my name on the vat.
In order to work here (male) you must have an awesome beard or mustache or combination  of the two.  If you know this before entering then I believe you might enjoy your experience more.  This is West Philadelphia.  This is not a fancy, uppity, let's impress the masses kind of establishment.  This is a drink good beer, eat good pizza, relax and enjoy your time kind of establishment.
Okay, so I'm giving Dock Street 5 stars despite the problems I have with the place.  I just got done writing a review on Local 44, and figured I'd need to write my review on the superior competition now.

My complaints about Dock Street:  Most of the bartenders are somewhat incompetent, take forever, and don't acknowledge your presence.  The service can be slow, especially when it is busy.

Upsides:  The servers are all really nice, and some of the bartenders are great, but if they aren't great they're terrible.  The beer is the best in Philly, as is the pizza.  The beer and pizza are that good that I'm giving the place 5 stars.  The prices are also great on the beer.  I love to get growlers from here or kegs for my kegerator.  I just wish the church wasn't screwing Dock Street.  They can't serve spirits, on Sundays, or late because of it.  It's a shame about the Sunday's thing.  I don't drink liquor so I don't care about that.  Anyway, if you want GREAT microbrewed beer served as fresh as you can get it, then I highly suggest drinking here.
I came to Dock Street with my friend who had been raving about it on a random Sunday (?) night. 

The place was pretty much empty, the atmosphere is that of a warehouse- which I thought was pretty cool. It kind of seemed like it was in the middle of nowhere in a neighborhood- not very many other places to go nearby.

The beer was really good- I believe I ordered the IPA which was nice and hoppy and refreshing :) The reason I am giving this place 3 stars instead of 4 is that I wasn't that impressed by the pizza. I ordered the vegetable pie and it was weirdly greasy... definitely not the best pizza I've tried. I'm willing to go back to try something else on the menu... but for now I'll leave my review at 3 :)
This place seriously has the best pizza I've ever had...and I've eaten A LOT of pizza in my day!  (Even worked at a pizza place back in CA.)  I've only been here once, but I was highly impressed.  My date and I had the Flammenkuche (?) pizza....and it was out of this world!  Side note: I don't typically eat red meat, including pork, and this pizza almost made me go back to eating regular bacon...almost.  ;)  Also, their beer was great.  I had the Galaxy Pale Ale, which is hard to describe.  It's a little on the fruity/hoppy side.  You'll understand once you try it.  My date had some kind of Porter which was pretty tasty as well.  

The staff we had were friendly and informative.  It's evident that they really care about this place, and about their customers.  

I'm thinking of having a birthday get together here at the end of the month so I can introduce some of my friends to this awesome place!  I hope it's just as good (and dare I say, even better) as the last time.
Dock Street has the best pizza in West Philly. Hands down, not even close.

Sure, you can order a $6 large from some crappy joint and save a few bucks, but Dock Street's gourmet pies are the real deal. Worth the price tag every time, especially since the small size is exactly half the price of the large (instead of places that do $10 smalls and $15 larges to entice you into buying the bigger size).

Do yourself a favor and buy a few small pizzas instead of a large so you can try more of their delicious offerings. Haven't had a bad pie yet, but favorites include the Flammenkuche, Fig Jam, and A La Cocca. Seriously, try them all.

The trio of fries is also a unique treat that's worth a shot if you're dining in.

As for beer, I've never been blown away by their stuff, but it's never bad either. Their Rye IPA is a dependable go-to for me and is also available at a lot of local joints (like White Dog Cafe).

Great local brewpub!
1.  Whatever beer my husband ordered for me was really tasty.  Some sort of IPA.  

2.  The outdoor seating option was great.  

3.  The food was mediocre.  Maybe we should have ordered a pizza but we had a calzone because we didn't want leftovers.  It was fine, but nothing great.

4.  The french fries were over cooked in dirty oil and all tiny little stubby bottom of the bag pieces.  

5.  The server didn't seem interested in listening to us.  She didn't look at us when we ordered, she took away our silver ware when we had ordered more food, she was never around when we needed anything, didn't come back to pick up the check.  The kind of service that doesn't deserve a tip at all (but I'm not that tacky).

If I am in the neighborhood again for some reason, I would maybe go there for a beer, but the food is so not worth wasting money on.
I changed my mind completely about this place. If it's busy, the staff gets overwhelmed, fine. Going on slower nights and sitting at the bar to eat (or in nice weather, outside) is the way to go. I decided this is the best fancy pizza in the city, and also maybe the best pepperoni pizza I have had ever. Every time I go with my bff we split two smalls (ok maybe once we split 3...). Faves include the brie, the parma, the fig jam, and any of the creme fraiche varieties.  I also cannot resist the fried mozzarella, and the kolsch that has been on tap is perfect with all of the food.
I was introduced to Dock St by some West Philly friends while visiting a few weeks ago.  While I am all for throwing back a few lagers and holing up in a dive somewhere, it was nice to get some delicious, locally brewed beers while catching up with my people.

In addition to a great beverages, the pizza at Dock St is well above the norm for Philly (I can't say I found much to rave about as far as Philly's pizza goes).  The prices are reasonable, and they even offer large takeaway containers that can be refilled at a discount on future visits.

All in all, a nice place to spend some time and have some drinks.
the beer is great, the pizza is even better.

boisterous atmosphere and interesting characters abound, expect to have at least one fun conversation with someone you have never met before - do not be surprised if this happens while you are minding your own business eating at your table. 

50th street is now a hot destination, rather than the western point of no return. Ill definitely be heading back for more.
This is a great place for meeting friends for a casual drink or meal.  Great beer on draft and awesome hip-but-not-pretentious atmosphere.  And plenty of vegan options! Vegan pesto wrap is delicious and there are many other standard  items like vegan burger and vegan pizza. The most recent time I went,  our server Sean happened to overhear me mentioning having to catch a train and so he brought out the bill very quickly, which was really nice.  
It can be loud and definitely gets very crowded at peak dinner and drinking times but I've always gotten warm,  friendly service and great food.  

I would come here more often if I lived closer.
Highly recommended!!
