Last night's Dîner en Blanc may have been the best party I've ever attended in Philly. And I've been to some parties, friends. It was really amazing to see so many people adhere to the strict guidelines that make this event so special - all white attire, tables no larger than 32", white linens, white place settings, white table decorations. Pulling together our load before the event, I wondered how everyone would fare with getting themselves to the meeting points and then to the final location. Philly impressed big time; everyone got it together and did so beautifully and with grace!

Table set-up was much easier than I expected. Everyone was willing to listen and participate which made the night that much better. At 7:30, we waved our napkins in the air and dinner commenced. My boyfriend and I brought a bottle of wine from our trip to Healdsburg, CA that we had been saving for a special occasion. It tasted even better than we remembered. Perhaps it was the company of 1300 people all having the time of their lives. 

When the sky darkened, sparklers were ignited and the DJ turned up the volume. It wasn't long before people took the dance floor to the fountain. It was a fun little twist that had Philly written all over it. We can do classy, but we're not going to sacrifice any fun, either. 

Seeing so many people smiling, laughing, taking photos and embracing their loved ones was a really awesome sight. The City of Brotherly Love is alive and well. I cannot wait until next year's fête!
I have to hand it to the Dîner en Blanc organizers - they really stepped it up for year three. The location on Broad Street was amazing. So many photo ops. The party spanned from Chestnut to Pine Streets and every block was filled with beautifully decorated tables and some fine looking people. 

As opposed to last year's location on the Parkway, this year provided much more space between tables, and there was a lot more foot traffic which made the event feel interactive with the city. Amazingly, the predicted rain held off, but had there been a weather catastrophe, we would have been moved to the Kimmel Center, which was on reserve as a pretty excellent back-up plan. Can't wait to see what year four brings!
After going to multiple Diner en Blanc events in the states and Paris I really have to say how disappointed I was with this years event. The location was okay however the lay out was not well thought out or if it was and it fell flat. Lets start with what happened when we reached the 'secret' destination. We were part of the last group to arrive at the 'Market Street East' entrance of Philadelphia City Hall. Almost all of the people who arrived before us and that would be thousands were COMPLETELY set up! Yet still we stood at the mouth of the courtyard waiting for over 10 minutes for instructions. This is where having a assertive Group and Table Leader is required. I will say our Table Leader kept us in the loop and asked questions of those 'directing' the process, the Group Leader was no where to be found!  However you at a point you have to be politely aggressive and make it happen! Initially we were being instructed to set up in the seedy urine caked hall/alley beyond the center courtyard. I DON'T THINK SO!! Some from our group pushed back on this idea and we were moved inward with the rest of those attending DEB in the courtyard! I felt like I was at the 'hood' version of DEB Philadelphia. One person near us said 'did they just sit us at the kid table at Thanksgiving?'. "YUP"! I felt closed in like within the walls of Eastern State Penitentiary Historical Site, decayed, crumbling and hot. Once you left the courtyard the other areas were spacious with great music, bands, DJ's, photo booths throughout. We were just sittin' at the subway..LOL..In my opinion the courtyard should have had the 'pop' live band (located outside Market West) , photo booths, dancing area and food pick etc. Speaking of the food pick up there were not signs directing us where to go and I did NOT receive a emailed map of the event. The food pick up was a MESS. 


Now we are all set up and the table is beautiful with and ALL of the people "lookin' real fine, fresh from the barber shop or fly from the beauty salon"!! This event is truly made a hit by the opulent table decorations, wonderful fashion and the overall love fest made possible by the tri-state area. Philadelphia region attendees JOB WELL DONE!

I had fun with the people but this year does not compare other events. I think we can do better and I must say Paris was b-o-r-i-n-ggggg so this will tell you something. Will I attend again, PROBABLY..

Suggestions: Fairmount park Japanese house, on or near Smiths Playground, on or near the Please Touch Museum, FDR Park, Fairmount Waterworks or Independence Mall.
I was one of the lucky few to participate in Philadelphia's Diner en Blanc event. Michelle C couldn't have described it any better! It was definitely a memorable evening filled with glamour, old and new friends, delicious food, and dance party music set around the iconic fountain at the Art Museum. And yes, everything and everyone was adorned in white! We definitely got some curious looks from numerous bystanders among the busy streets (and the subway), as we were led towards the central meeting point. Many thought we were all heading to a fancy wedding, but we had no idea where the grand event would be! Exciting, right? 

Since I knew I wouldn't have time to grab some picnic food after work, I decided to buy one of the dinner baskets prepared by Jose Garces Trading Co. Not going to lie, but it was one of the best decisions made considering it was one less item to carry during our long walk to the Art Museum! The menu included charcuterie, potted duck (this was omigod amazing!), a simple, yet refreshing salad, a hearty farro salad, prawns, and some macaroons to finish off a superb meal. One of my favorite parts of the event were the sparklers against the beautiful night sky! What a great photo op!

I brought along another Yelper, Victor C, to accompany me to this "flash mob/pop-up picnic dinner," and throughout the night, we kept thinking to ourselves, "Can it get any better?" OH YES, IT CAN! Once everyone was finished dinner, the crowd  moved towards the music to mingle, dance, and drink the night away. And then the unexpected happened! A few brave guests went INTO the fountain! Others followed suit, and soon, there were hundreds of people in the fountain dancing and just having fun in the water.

I loved the energy, the creativity of the table decor, the elegant outfits, and the organization of the event. So happy to be part of the legacy! This is a cannot miss event for next year! :)
What a Pre Party and a Party it was. I really enjoyed the beautifully decorated tables 'Le Dîner en Blanc' style throughout The Bourse. They were all so lovely and I could only vote for one! Thanks to Feast your eyes catering for the delicious samples, you ARE my choice for Le Dîner en Blanc 2019! The discount food and drinks were flowing with the DJ pumping the great beats of all genres.

Can't wait to party in August, see you then!
I attended Dîner en Blanc for the first time this year, and it was phenomenal!  We met our group outside of Sugarhouse Casino and were bussed to the mystery location (Franklin Square) with our table group.  Our group leader was the best!  When we got off the bus we all lined up in table order.  Soon it was our turn to walk in (and make our grand entrance) and we had an amazing spot near the fountain.

The night was magical.  There was a ton of media - my fiancé even ended up on the news! (http://6abc.com/community-events/thousands-attend-secret-diner-en-blanc-event/2320047/http%3A%2F%2F6abc.com%2F2320047%2F)

This was a fabulous location, an amazing night of fun, food, and sparklers, and I can't wait for next year!
I attended the 2013 Diner en Blanc in Philadelphia and in a word it was amazing! I won't give much of it away because the surprise is half the fun. Good food, company, music and lots of fabulosity!
Stellar event every year.  The work all the organizers put in is astounding, and I always have a great time.  It's takes a lot of preparation to participate, but it's worth it and I definitely recommend going if you get the chance.
So this was my first time attending Diner en Blanc! I had a great time dining with friends and meeting new people. I love the idea of a pop up picnic!! And I loved seeing people in all white! The venue was not my favorite.... It didn't feel "together" if that makes any sense. I also wish that the leaders gave us a little tour of the space. It wasn't until the next day where I saw pics of flower walls and all kinds of stuff that we did not see despite walking around the place several times. Otherwise... I'd do it again! I like the mystery of not knowing where the venue will be and just the idea of the event in general. I'll definitely be better prepared next time around.
Diner en Blanc 2015 was my first time and definitely going to be my last. From what I've gathered, previous years were unique, classy experiences that people raved over. My experience this year was equivalent to a mediocre wedding reception...that I had to pay for, cater, and carry the table, chairs, and settings to.

We got to the meeting place at 6 as specified and waited...and waited for 45 minutes to get the go ahead to get started. We took a reserved subway car (this was a nice touch and well handled) to the end of the line and then walked a little over a mile to the Navy Yard...which was pretty underwhelming. Has anyone not already been to an event at the Navy Yard? We set up in a field that you literally can rent to hold your wedding reception, if you didn't really care to have a distinctive event.

Probably due to the weather, it was dark and the planners didn't set up adequate lighting. We weren't among the lucky ones that were near one of the lights, so it was difficult to see and thus set up our tables. 

At one point, one of the organizers came over, carrying an enormous umbrella. For some reason, instead of taking a few steps to the side to go around our group to get to the other end, he bulled right through where everyone was setting up, hitting everyone he walked past/through with his umbrella. He caught me in the eye. I had to follow him, yelling "You are hitting people with your umbrella" several times. He didn't acknowledge this or apologize for it, but at least he did raise it higher so he was no longer hitting people.

We got the catering by Palladino. As I said before, the lighting was very poor, so it was very difficult to see what we were eating and what we got was bland. There was a caprese salad that seemingly had no basil or balsamic vinegar in it, a corn salad and a beef main course that didn't seem to have much or any seasoning. Our neighbors got the other Palladino option and we all agreed the only high point was the truffled butter for the rolls.

The DJ was fine. The entertainment by Martha Graham Cracker was not to my taste. It's hard to speak to this, because it's not my thing, but a drag queen singing in an...okay...voice wasn't what I would have expected for an event like this.

To sum up, it was around $160 for the event itself, plus all the cost and hassle of getting the clothes and items for it, for an event that wouldn't even rank into the top 5 wedding receptions I've been to...held at the Navy Yard. The planning seemed inadequate, the food was bland, and the only organizer I interacted with was extremely rude.
