Shrouded in darkness by an eyeless hood on October 23, 1829, convicted thief (and farmer) Charles Williams was marched into a solitary-confinement cell in the new Eastern State Penitentiary. He was the first inmate at Philadelphia's revolutionary new prison.

Williams and fellow prisoners were restrained in total seclusion ... never seeing any of the massive structure that housed them beyond a small private cell with a vaulted ceiling and a single glass skylight nicknamed the "Eye of God." 

Contact between prisoners was prohibited. A small feeding hole provided food and limited communication with guards. Connected to each cell was an individual exercise yard (open only 30 minutes per day) with high walls to prevent contact between convicts. Metal doors were covered by a heavy wooden door to filter out noise. 

Inmates were alone ... always alone. A bible was a prisoner's only possession. Masks were worn during rare trips outside cells. Sometimes, tasks included shoemaking and weaving, but first and foremost Eastern State Penitentiary was a sentence of complete isolation. 

This correctional theory of "separate or solitary confinement at labor" became known as the Pennsylvania System. Eastern State Penitentiary is widely considered the first "penitentiary" in the world because it followed this controversial belief that solitude would make criminals regretful or penitent. Instead, it drove most men and women insane.

In 1842, English author Charles Dickens visited the prison. He later wrote, "The system is rigid, strict, and hopeless solitary confinement, and I believe it, in its effects, to be cruel and wrong."

The mammoth prison site covered 9.8 acres surrounded by a half-mile of towering stone walls up to 30-feet tall and 10-feet thick while employing a new "radial" or "hub and spoke" layout with cellblocks meeting in the center. At the time, Eastern State Penitentiary was the second most expensive building ever constructed in the United States. It quickly became one of the nation's most copied with over 300 prisons worldwide modeled after the floor plan and system of solitary confinement.

Today, the prison famous for its grand architecture and strict discipline is a haunting ruins of crumbling cellblocks and empty guard towers. The Pennsylvania System of confinement with solitude was officially abandoned by the prison in 1913. Dining halls added in 1924 provided the first group dining opportunity. Cellblocks remained segregated until 1961 and in use until the prison closed in 1970.

Eastern State Penitentiary sat exposed to nature and the elements as well as numerous legal battles until 1988 when limited group tours began. In 1994, the City of Philadelphia officially opened the prison as a historic site for visitors to tour ... as long as each person wore a hard hat and signed a liability waiver. Both those requirements are gone today as restoration and safety efforts have made significant improvements.

 * Open 7 days a week
 * Closed Thanksgiving, Xmas Eve, Xmas, & New Year's
 * Adults $16; Seniors $14, Children $12
 * The site is not recommended for kids under 7
 * Save $2 by buying tickets online
 * The "Voices of Eastern State" Audio Tour is free 
 * Steve Buscemi is the narrator
 * I strongly recommend the audio tour
 * The self-guided tour allows exploring at your own pace
 * Every cellblock seems to have many informative exhibits
 * Some cells host modern art installations
 * Several short 20-minute guided tours are offered
 * All three guided tours we did were fantastic
 * Notorious inmates included "Scarface" Al Capone
 * 12 prisoners escaped via a tunnel in 1945
 * Designated a National Historic Landmark in 1965

Whether you come to explore the decaying cellblocks, learn about the relevance of the system, or investigate one of the creepiest places in Philadelphia, Eastern State Penitentiary is a 5-star tourist attraction to experience the most influential prison ever built.
Getting our haunted on!

Our schedule was thrown off a bit because we wanted to include this historic place in our itinerary. We came here the first time on a Monday but they had just closed at 5:00p so we ended up coming back to Philly two days later on Wednesday (before Thanksgiving Day) so we can tour the place. We purchased tickets online at $14/ea ($2/per person cheaper).

On the day of our visit we arrived as soon as they opened at 10:00a. At first sight of this building it looks like a massive Fort with darkened brick walls aged from time. We proceeded inside to start our self-guided tour of the facility with a view of empty guard towers. We were given an audio headset to listen to as we walked through the long, empty hallways, peering inside the vaulted, sky-lit cells and other points of interests including the exercise yard, chapel, kitchen, underground solitary confinement cells and the hospital section (psychiatric dept, operating room, lab rooms). The last two places needed a tour guide to take us --solitary confinement and hospital--, these sections are locked. That was a crime?? Vagrancy (loitering, panhandling and public drunkenness), Alcohol (production and sales), Abortion (providing, seeking or receiving), Sodomy (oral and anal sex). Yep, people spent time in ESP for those crimes. 

We spent a good 2-1/2 hours (almost 3 even!) making our way to the audio stopping points of the crumbling cell blocks. The history is fascinating and to be able to walk through the haunting halls and imagine how it was for these inmates was surreal. My personal 'favorite' section to view and have a great photo opp was Cell Block 7. I didn't know that ESP even once housed some of America's most notorious criminals, including "Slick Willie" Sutton and "Scarface" Al Capone. Al's cell was very different from everyone else's because he was allowed to decorate it.

Eastern State Penitentiary was once the most famous and expensive prison in the world and was operational from 1829 until 1971. We took lots of photos here. I'm so glad to experience a visit in this historic landmark.

Review #1238
Came here for a haunted house event. This place is not only huge but filled with beautiful gothic architecture. This building is in Philadelphia Pennsylvania the crazy thing is that what once was an American prison is now being used as a haunted house/ audio tour. 
I definitely recommend to come here if you're in town is a well organized placed.  The guided or audio tour is great for the family as they have activities for the kids. I love that you get to learn about the history of the prison and what it was like for them. 
Once you're inside you can see the high walls and of course the rooms of the prisoners which most of them are dark , no windows made out of stone.  This place is fun there's a lot of secret passages and rooms. 
For the haunted house you get to choose an option of wearing a glow necklace around your neck which means they can mess with you even more. The actors were really great and as well as their costumes. 
I can't remember the day of the week I went but I know it was packed just a heads up. Also buy your tickets in advanced I went at night and I think it was much more spookier that way. The entire place in general is creepy. You feel like a prisoner is going to pop up and just take you lol
The penitentiary was cool. Everyone gets headphones and a map for a self guided tour. We started off doing the self guided tour but we weren't trying to spend 1-2 hours here so we just did our own thing and wandered around. You can see Al Capone's preserved jail cell and walk into some open empty cells. The dining hall is closed off. It gets hot in the penitentiary. There's a small air conditioned museum part where people can write their own confessions of breaking the law and submit them to possibly be posted up. Real inmates' and visitors' confessions are then posted up for you to guess which confessions are from an inmate or a penitentiary visitor. I enjoyed visiting this site and would recommend to anyone who hasn't gone yet.
This is something that was a lot of fun that I got to experience. This is the eastern state penitentiary history museum tour. I had a lot of fun I love going to old prisons and jails and I've been to a few of them and this one was really cool to itself got it walking tour you have your headphones on you can see the sales and see the Gosche supposedly and just a site some things that of happened here this is something cool check out I highly recommend
I am no fan of haunted houses. I can trace the exact origin of my extreme hatred of them back to Somerset, KY, circa 1984, when I was 10 years old and went to a Jaycees event. After being chased and pawed by some seriously scary-ass dudes in creepy costumes (I HOPE they were part of the show!) I hyperventilated and ended up in the back of an ambulance, humiliated and looking like a fright myself in my purple Esprit knickers, rainbow top, perm and oxygen mask. Needless to say, the object of my fifth grade affections thought I was a big dork. Which I clearly was.

Anyway, I have successfully avoided haunted houses for the past 23 years, until a friend roped me into going to Terror Behind the Walls last Halloween. Maybe because I was hoping that I had outgrown my phobia of all things spooky (but probably because I wanted to seem like a badass. Which I clearly am not.) I agreed to go. I spent the entire time wedged in between as many people as I could, screaming "Monster, be good," to the realistic looking zombies at the top of my lungs. I later found out that this handy dandy trick only works for the youngsters on Sunday nights. Crabs.

So it looks like I am still afraid of haunted attractions, and I shall be avoiding them for the rest of my life. However, I did take in the Eastern State Penitentiary's audio tour recently, and I was totally impressed. Not only did I get a history lesson courtesy of everybody's favorite Reservoir Dog, Steve Buscemi, but I got to wander the corridors of America's most historic prison pretty much by myself. And I'm pretty sure I saw a ghost, too, which only added to the awesomeness factor.

There are also artist installations and helpful tour guides stationed around the place should you get turned around or need some extra info. This place is so cool that I'm planning on bringing some people back here and touring it again. This is probably the only place in the universe that could make me actually want to visit a prison. Now THAT's scary!
I had no idea what to expect from a tour of a former prison......let alone a prison that housed the famous Al Capone. In addition, my two teenage daughters (who weren't even interested in going to this), ended up loving it!

We used the audio headsets for the self guided tour, and we thought it was great. It took us about an hour and twenty minutes to work our way through the whole prison. My favorite part was getting to walk up the stairs onto the second level in cell block 7. It was just so amazing and interesting. In addition, they had a giant illustration of how our prison population has grown so dramatically in the US. It was an excellent illustration and brings to light how many people are locked up in our prisons today. My reluctant teenage daughters were engaged and interested throughout the entire prison tour! Amazing! They couldn't believe that the prison once housed a dog that killed the governor's cat!

I'd definitely recommend stopping here if you have time while in Philly. My teenagers like the prison tour much better than any of the other historical tours in the area........ lol :)
This is pretty much my favorite place in the city. I even used to drive over two hours to get here when I lived in NJ, multiple times a year. Now I love living in the same city as ESP! 

It's the perfect blend of creepy & historic--my two favorite aspects of places. I mean, a castle in the middle of a modern bustling city!?! Hell yes! In the day it looks majestic, at night it's haunting and looming. 

The day time tour is really interesting and you get to explore all the (open to the public) nooks and crannies. There's a self-guided audio tour, narrated by Steve Buschemi, with some audio clips of experts, ex-inmates, and ex-guards throughout. It's pretty cool because it's segmented perfectly--you press the corresponding number that you see on the tour and it tells you about what you're looking at as you walk along. Then, it finishes and you move onto the next number when you come to it. So it's not one continuous recording.

This place is GREAT for abandoned building photography, if that's your thing. It's definitely my thing.

They also have different art installations throughout that constantly change. One I really liked recently was an artist that reconstructed the shell of a car inside a cell. Really cool.

Sometimes they take stuff from their archives (cooooool!!! Who doesn't love old artifacts!?!?) and put them on display. When I went last there was a neat exhibit with the theme of prisoners that escaped. There were all kinds of DIY weapons, mugshots, rap sheets, etc. So awesome!

If you love going to Halloween attractions, this is the only one you need. It's gotten a little on the pricey side, but it's reallyyyy worth it. And you won't have to visit any other attractions and spend your money there for a fun scare. They put spooky scenery into the already creepy place and hire actors that have professional FX makeup applied so they look ULTRA creepy. Really great zombie prisoner/guard/nurses/etc. theme. And you're in there at night! What can be better. It's one of my favorite attractions and I wait (impatiently) for it every year. 

Also the prices are really reasonable. And if you go to the Halloween attraction, you get a coupon for day time admission. I love a good deal!


I love this place and I love to support it with my money. I'm all for preserving historical sites. 

Plan your visit!!
Go for the guided tour (heck, even the self-guided) for warmer weather. Don't go during December, like we did. Luckily (you for, dear reader) we went for a guided tour; if we were self-guided, we would've hurried through this place like nobody's business! Even with space heaters (few and far between), it should be no surprise that heat doesn't stick in a place like this.

Special thanks to tour guide Nick, who was entertaining and well-informed. He clearly had done his reading on this historical site, and it showed.

During the year, Eastern State Penitentiary is much more family-friendly than Terror Behind the Walls. On the flipside, it might be boring for little tykes unless they're historically-minded.
Eastern State Penitentiary is in downtown Philadelphia.  It was built in the late 1800s.  It operated as a prison until early 1970s when it shut down and became a tourist attraction.  It is said to be haunted.  The structure is built out of very thick stone and concrete.  The entrance cost is about $14 online, $16 at the door.  I spend about 2 hours checking out the place.  An audio device with headphones are included with admission.  It's worth checking out this place.  Lots of history and stories to told. There is a parking structure about a block away which costs about $4 hour.  Worth checking out if you are into history or just want to checkout one of the oldest prisons in the U.S.
This place is a trip. I mean it's full on history in a giant brick castle dwarfing the cute little coffee shoppes and bistros of gentrified hipsterville. We saw a lot of that in Philly but this contrast was the most impactful of all. 

The only time we had available was for a daytime self guided tour with headphones. I have to tell you that I didn't zone out, not even once. Like I was fascinated with every single thing I saw, read, and heard, about what prison life was back in the day, the crime stats, Al Capone's cell, the art installation, all of it. Even the info about when those goofy Ghost Hunter guys spent a night here. 

I took about a million photos because the whole property was eerily beautiful; rust, chipped paint and all. The untouched vignettes in some of the cells with daylight peeking through and highlighting the decay held my attention and inspired my imagination. The vaulted ceilings were stunning. I probably could have spent more time here, studying every detail.

I think I was more moved by this place than the Liberty Bell (shhhh, don't tell America I said that).
I visited the Eastern State Penitentiary once and I can tell you a few things:

*I do not want to return for Terror Behind the Walls! The place is scary as is in the day time. It is cold, secluded, cramped, and deteriorated. Any imagination fueled by the Walking Dead and ghosts is enough to spook you.

*In terms of prisons, I was more intrigued by this one than The Rock.

*The self guided tour and narration by Steve Buscemi is informative, interesting, and pretty cool.

*The prison doubles as an art gallery. I saw a prison cell covered in yarn.

*You get to walk into prison cells. Duck down, sit down, and stare at the walls. Not much to do in that space.

*You can feel how cold it is.

*You can imagine the screams and noises.

*Parking is easily found on the street if you visit at an off peak hour/day.

*Al Capone's cell and other areas of the hospital give a glimpse into life, wealth, and cultural disparity during that time.

*There is great food in the neighborhood!

I highly recommend visiting the prison if you want something different to do in Philly. Plus the neighborhood is really great for food and bars. Yup, this visit can turn into a great day out.
The Eastern State Penitentiary is redone in a just a few small areas, the rest sits as it did the day it closed. Most of it is open to the public and it is just creepy and you really want to see it.

You can take a tour with audio and headphones and Steve Buschemi narrates part of the audio tour. If you don't know who is he, think of movies that are dark and Steve is often the gangster. He is adorable and his voice you will know as soon as you here it. Be prepared to walk a lot, there is tons to cover.

You will see Al Capone's cell, which he claimed was very comfortable. It is far from it. Al Capone was a whiskey runner, murderer and otherwise bad guy from Chicago talked about in many US movies. 

Some of the cells have bars, many have wooden doors. The old plaster and paint is still there and you would not want to spend the night. You will see death row, small cells with bars and the exercise area for some inmates. 

It really is amazing and you will learn something about the way prisons in the US were run years ago. It is kid friendly, they can run a little ahead of you without being a problem for others. Have fun.
Eastern State Penitentiary has a 12 dollar admission per person for the winter tours. Lots of old historic things inside, the design of this place is awesome. Al capone was incarcerated for about 8 months in When it was built the treatment for prisoners (extreme isolation) was considered a model for everyone else to follow. Winter tours have large areas blocked off or inaccessible.
What a dump!  Broken windows everywhere, dirty rooms that haven't been touched in years and a complete lack of heat and A/C.  I definitely would not want to spend the night here.  (Shoulder Tap)  Oh, it's supposed to be like that?  Well, they nailed it then!

Eastern State Penitentiary in Philly is a great way to kill a few hours.  The self guided audio tour is very well done and lets you listen to Steve Buscemi tell you about various aspects of the prison as you walk around.  Simply enter a number and press play and you're told where to go, what to look at, and you get to learn about the history of this magnificent prison.

After the "guided" tour which is about 10 stops, you can wander around and check out other areas that aren't part of the tour.  There are many so make sure you get a map and check out what you want to see.  I wish the guided tour went to some of these areas as it can be tricky to find some of them.

Weather can also play a huge factor so if it's cold out, dress like you'll be outside.  I can imagine in the summer it gets pretty hot in there too.

And even if you're not going to buy any souvenirs, head to the gift shop as you can see the visitation area where prisoners met with their visitors.  That's prior to where they check tickets, so that's a freebie!
If you visit Philadelphia, you might just end up in prison. The Eastern State Penitentiary was the first real prison built in the United States and is located right near downtown Philadelphia near the Art Museum. Parking is difficult in the surrounding area, so transit or Lyft are easier for visitors.

This is an impressive facility. It was built to be a more humane option compared to the brutal torture and punishments imposed on criminals. The concept was to isolate prisoners from everyone to allow them to be penitent to help reform them. This was in contrast to other mass incarceration at the point, but ultimately the isolation led to other problems and was abandoned.

What remained was an impressive structure. The prison was built in a starburst shape surrounded by a large gothic wall. The site was abandoned and left in disrepair before being salvaged into a historic site and museum. The audio guide is Steve Buscemi who takes you on a tour of the facility. This provides a much richer history of our relationship with crime and criminals over the years.

Nestled among the near horror movie set remains are several exhibits. Some describe the criminals and guards while others include tributes to the victims. The museum also attempts to explain why prison populations have increased so dramatically in the last few decades compared to previous decades and even compared to other countries. The debate continues today like it did when the Penitentiary was first constructed.

This is a tough place to bring young children due to the potential safety and subject matter concerns. Older children will probably enjoy it as will most other visitors. Most of the prison is not heated or cooled, so it can be especially harsh during more extreme weather.

The Eastern State Penitentiary is a rather unique destination in Philadelphia. It is a far departure from the normal American Revolution stops and is miles away from the art museum, even though it is just down the street! Nevertheless, it is a great and unique stop with lots of opportunity to learn and be impressed by the sights.
This is a MUST see if you are in the forensics, criminal justice or law industries. I spent yeaaaars of undergrad studying this prison and seeing it was UNREAL. 

I suggest going in the morning so that it is not crowded and doing some research before heading to the prison. Understanding the history beforehand offers an even more unique experience. 

-So cool, I went back again-
I haven't been to Eastern State Penitentiary in many years, and thought it would be a good time to revisit. Eastern State Penitentiary is currently doing night tours in the fall, starting at 6pm and closing at 10:30pm. 

They are still of course doing daytime tours, and tickets for daytime tours are a few dollars cheaper too. But I opted for the night tour for that extra eeriness, not that I expected to see real ghosts. I just thought it would add to the fun. 

My husband and I spent more than 2 hours exploring the whole place. It made for a fun date night activity. If you're going to visit in the fall or winter time, definitely dress warm. You'll be walking through cellblocks with the doors opened, and the place does not have indoor heating. 

It's really worth a visit or a revisit, especially if you haven't been there in a while.
This is a former prison in Philadelphia. Awesome place for Halloween event!! They do offer daily tours. If you are on hop-on hop-off tour bus, there is a stop at this location.
this place is AWESOME! if there is one place in philly you have to chk out other than the liberty bell, this DEF KICKS ASS! it doesn't matter if you have an interest or come from a criminal justice background, but the fact, i DID major in criminology got me to appreciate this place twice as much!

the outer appearance looks like a castle, but this abandoned prison of all times, was once the most expensive building in the US, and one of the most famous prisons in the WORLD!

there are tons of exhibits, photos and artifacts on the prison/prisoners itself. this extensive collection allows you to take a peek at the daily lives of the prisoners which i truly feel is SOO worth it. you'll even see certain "artwork" the inmates drew or even ETCHED on the cell, and it's soo freaky because it feels like you're on a time machine. 

*note* o gosh, my brain is so foggy since it's been 5 yrs...  but all i remember is to tell you all to make sure to REALLY listen to the audio tour (as the others mentioned, steve buscemi narrates the tour) because you won't regret it...if i remember correctly, this comes with the admission fee, so you're not spending more $ than you really have to.

sadly, i don't have any pictures because ALL the local fotos i post are from my fone, and idk where my memory card went from my philly trip.

Admission:
$9 Adults
$7 students & seniors

No reservations necessary. Closed Mondays, Tuesdays, Easter, Thanksgiving & the months of Dec-Mar. 

TIP: don't ferget to chk out Al Capone's cell.
Possibly the most fascinating "prison" museum/memoir/historical site one can stumble across in NE Unite States. This is the oldest prison in the US and the most expensive if I understand. There is a significant left swing for prison rights and call to reform the prison center, which was unexpected for me since the political reform platform and signs everywhere highly tried to sway the audience in also taking action. 

You'll see statistics showing the surging amounts of prisons, prison gangs, and number of minorities improportionately imprisoned compared to whites. I thought the prison gang stories were interesting and didn't know of such phenomenon in the jails but that makes sense as to why gangs still continue or are born outside of jails. 

There's also women's rights stashed inside. It was interesting that the whole jail system was against jailing itself. 

I will never forget the crumbling walls, iron wrought doors, and the haunting dark halls that are sometimes fenced off to visitors. It was freezing when I went and I can't imagine what it was like without the heat. 

Major thing you're here to see is the 97 foot long tunnel that was dug out by 2 prisoners who managed to escape to freedom briefly for just 3 hours and Slick Willy and Tenuto who managed to be on the run for years after. When one sees the thickness of the cement and mortar walls, truly amazing to see the perseverance and effort to escape this fortress. You're also here to see Al Capone's cell equipped with a nice Persian rug, lamp, desk, easy chair, and nicer bed than other cells. He was held here 7 months for having weapons.
This place is uber creepy which means I love it. Not a place I would want to be alone at night, but during the day it is a great educational field trip and makes for an awesome photo outing. 

For $14 you can spend several hours exploring this gothic revival penitentary held in a state of suspended ruin right smack in the middle of Philadephia. They have a great audio tour narrated by Steve Buscemi, former inmates, and guards that will take you through stops 1-10 (basically the first hour). Then you are free to explore cell block by cell block at your own pace and in whichever order you choose with small audio program. 

Most people love Al Capone's cell (which is neater and better furnished than my room). I loved the art exhibits and the educational points of interest that brought out my inner ACLU. Like the giant bar graph sculpture in the yard that illustrated that the U.S. had the highest rate of incarceration in the entire world and basically proves that the death penalty is not a viable form and effective form of crime control. And the replica of a Gitmo cell is especially provactive, and drives the point home about questionable detention practices and that the military commissions are still substandard proceedings lacking independence, fairness, and time-tested procedures of US federal courts. But I digress.

One of the best parts of the audio stops was at the kitchen where former inmates description of the food played out much like yelp reviews, for example:

Inmate 1: I loved the food, instead of like a chicken leg, I got a half chicken! nom nom. Four stars. 

Inmate 2: The food sucked, instead of having a real celebrity chef they hired someone off the streets. Two stars.

Despite being educational, I am not sure if I would 100% kid friendly. There are some art exhibits labelled as having adult content, which are prison scenes from movies played in cells, which in Hollywood means lots and lots of shower scenes with big tattooed dudes. If you're ok with your kiddos sneaking a peek at Ed Norton's booty in American History X over and over then have at it. I mean he was hella ripped in that movie so it is not a bad view.

So about this place being in suspended ruin, it was indeed abandoned in the early seventies, and in the eighties it was overrun by trees and tons of stray cats (which explains the mummified cat carcasses on display). The ceilings are caving in, their is standing water and concrete ruin everywhere which makes it hauntingly beautiful. The grounds and the tour can easily be completed in two hours, however you could just as easily be entertained for half a day here. Well worth the trip!

I realized that at the end of the day my favorite inmate was Pep the Cat-Murdering Dog. According to folklore, Pennsylvania governor Gifford Pinchot sentenced the black lab to life without parole to be served at Eastern State in 1924 for killing Pinchot's wife's cat (I am sure he had his reasons).Pep was treated as an official prisoner--Inmate C-2559 even has a mugshot. Poor Pep.
The voice of Steve Buscemi guides you through the hallways that some of the nations most notorious criminals have called home. Seriously, what more could you ask for? Even on a warm spring afternoon, we felt the chill that the penitentiary gives off; if it's not haunted, it does a really good job of pretending to be. The Eastern State Penitentiary has done a fantastic job of preserving the old site while still allowing you to explore where you feel you shouldn't. As one of the most radical prisons of the time, the story behind this place is worth hearing. 
During Halloween, a portion of the penitentiary becomes a haunted house of sorts, one of the best in the nation I believe.
Last year we took a family trip to Philadelphia.  It was very frustrating as my tween boys were not interested in seeing anything historical. Everything was "boring". The only two things they actually wanted to do?  The Duck Tour (now closed) and the Eastern State Penitentiary. 

I was a little skeptical about going when there seemed to be so many more famous historical sights to see in Philly, but I am so glad we did. The Penitentiary was once the most famous and expensive prison in the world, but today it stands in ruin. I believe they have a live tour once a day but your admission includes an audio tour narrated by Steve Buscemi and others. You can start and stop the tour depending upon the area of the Penitentiary you are in and it is very descriptive. It is pretty eerie in there (even during the day) and you can almost feel the ghosts around you. It is fascinating to learn about the history of the prison system and some of the more famous prisoners (including Al Capone!)  whyou see his cell you definitely say "This one is not like the others!"  Some areas are open all the time. Some areas like the Mess Hall and Synagogue are open for special short tours during the day. There are also special history and art exhibitions.  When we toured there was an exhibit on bugs and one on Jewish life in the prison. Both were quite interesting. 

I think the boys' favorite moment was when they locked Dad in a cell!  Overall, a fascinating and fun experience for the entire family!  Our only regret was that we did not get to spend more time here.
I spent a wonderful Valentine's Day touring the Eastern State Penitentiary. There isn't a whole lot I can review beyond the great review by Meg C. but I will add my experience of the Winter Tour. Yes, it was absolutely freezing but if you bundle up and expect it (hat and mittens too!) you will truly enjoy the quiet and serene experience of the Penitentiary in the winter months. We arrived without reservations around 2:15pm (during a two for one special they were having) and were told we were the 4th couple in line on the waiting list for the 2:30pm tour. As we didn't have any other plans, we put ourselves on the 2:30pm and the 3:00pm tour lists and were easily included in the 2:30pm tour. 

Our tour guide, her name escapes me, was OK. She knew what she was talking about but lacked extra knowledge, beyond the information printed on signs around the place, that would have been interesting. Had the tour guide been a little better I wouldn't have considered returning in the summer months for the audio tour, although that might have been a purposeful plan as I am now eager to return for the Steve Buscemi experience. On the flip side, being able to snuggle up to my man in the cold weather without a set of headphones on and enjoy the experience together made this visit a more special occasion. I would definitely recommend visiting the Eastern State Penitentiary in the winter months particularly if you top it off with a hot chocolate from Mugshots across the street after!
We didn't go to the at-night Halloween event where the Penitentiary has 15 different scary attractions to experience. We went during an overcast and rainy day where different spots within the walls were scary enough on their own.

We took a self guided tour using an audio guide. (Check their website for info on guided tours.) There's a free map that you can pick up to help you get around if you should wonder off the tour.

Some of the cells and hallways are closed to foot traffic and have been left that way on purpose to show you how the place has deteriorated since it was built in 1829. Some of the cell doors are open and you can step inside.

At least two historically famous people have been there. Charles Dickens was a visitor and Al Capone stayed for awhile in an upgraded cell with electric lamps, a nice bed and furniture.

For the time being, everyone must wear a mask inside.

Tickets run from $15 to $17 for adults; Kids 7 to 12 for $13. Kids under 7 are free but I would recommend that you take a tour on your own before taking young children.  It's a very unsettling place . . . .
I was a little hesitant to check out Eastern State Penitentiary. I'm not one for boring history or long lines, and there's nothing super appealing about an old prison, right? WRONG.

Eastern State Penitentiary may be my new favorite Philly attraction. If you've ever seen Shawshank Redemption (and have a weird love for it, like myself), this place is the equivalent of Disneyland. Abandoned corridors, ruins of a once bustling prison that held some of the areas most notorious criminals. I had an absolute blast exploring this 10 acre compound, and I was fascinated with the history of the massive, abandoned structure. 

I arrived around 2:00 pm on a Sunday, and there was only a small 2 minute wait to enter. Upon purchasing a ticket you're given a headset and audio player to use at your own discretion. The audio tour is self-paced, and I highly recommend using your first 45 minutes to an hour following the audio tour through the grounds. 

You've got a pretty free reign on the grounds, with various free behind the scenes guided tours occurring each hour. I did two of the guided tours : one of the hospital wing and one of the kitchen and dining areas. These are two areas that are otherwise off limits, so I highly recommend jumping on board one of the several tours offered! Our tour guide was informative, but definitely seemed less than enthusiastic to be guiding us, almost like he was nervous. To be fair, the hospital corridor made me nervous. It was super spooky for a chicken like me. Definitely got goosebumps!

There's so much to see here, you could spend anywhere from an hour to several hours exploring.

All this to say, there were no long lines, no boring history, and this old penitentiary is an amazing place to snap photographs! You wont be disappointed.
I'm cautious about visiting places like prisons, because I often feel like they don't respect the lives of the people who were incarcerated there. But I wanted to visit the Eastern State Penitentiary Historic Site because it interprets the legacy of American criminal justice reform, from the founding of Eastern State Penitentiary (as the nation's first penitentiary) to the present day. The site has been preserved as a ruin, so you can see the way incarcerated men, women, and children would have experienced the penitentiary at its various iterations through its history. But you'll also learn about the legacy of this building - American incarceration rates today. Visiting this penitentiary didn't feel exploitative. I learned about individual prisoner's, the effects of solitary confinement, the changing theories and philosophies of incarceration, and the prison industrial complex within its preserved ruin walls. Based on the crowd outside his cell, I assume that lots of people visit the site to see Al Capone's cell. Not to say that isn't interesting, but almost no one made the walk down to see the penitentiary's renovated synagogue, which I found much more interesting. The audio tour is a must. It's narrated by Steve Buscemi, but it's also the best way to get informed about the history of the penitentiary (what's on the audio tour is not reflected on signs, so you'll miss out on a lot if you don't grab the headphones)! My visit to Eastern State Penitentiary Historic Site was interesting, informative, and very eerie. I highly recommend it to anyone interested in history, theories of criminal justice, the prison industrial complex, etc.
Maybe it's my love of crime shows or maybe one too many trips to Alcatraz as a kid, but old prisons are so cool. 

I got a kick learning about the facility and Capone's lavash cell. Bad guys, crime and prisons are just too interesting to pass up. I really wanted to take the tour, but with limited time - I was stuck on the outside learning about the world inside the Eastern State Penitentiary.
Went over the weekend. I'd wanted to visit for a while but never made time - shame. It was well worth the trip.

As other reviewers said, it was spooky (particularly The Hole), informative and definitely a step back in time. The Escape Tunnel is worth a look and check out Capone's cell (he was still livin' large in prison...lol).

My date & I got an unexpected surprise in The Synagogue. It was good to tour at our own leisure & I recommend going to see the Kitchens and really listen to the audio, some sad stories. The observation tower view was good (& no, you can't actually see into anyone's homes surrounding the site) There was commentary from one guard in particular I found hilarious because he was a former guard AND former inmate - LMAO!

Based on religious ideas of the Quakers this place seemed like a torture chamber in & of itself. I couldn't help but notice how tiny the cells & halls were...were people really that short back then?

Be aware they close promptly at 5pm. Do go for the audio tour & skip the Halloween nonsense...don't miss the women's section either.
How do you rate a penitentiary?
Why did I give a Penitentiary 5 stars?
Eastern State Penitentiary is a Museum!

Looking behind the walls of this historical jail is like taking a trip back in time and experiencing a life I hope you never lived. They have succeeded in leaving so many cells unchanged, so as not to disturb their look and feel. They have even had a few famous residents here too. Note that those with allergies might want to wear a mask to avoid inhaling fine particles of debris.

THE DEAL: this place will provide you breathtaking photos that you can't take anywhere else!
what are you waiting for, an engraved invitation? get thee to eastern state. bring a camera. this place is absolutely incredible...beautiful and horrible at the same time. do the audio tour, narrated by steve buscemi, and check out a group tour lead by one of the tour guides, but take the time to just wander as well. 

there were two places in america that charles dickens wanted to visit when he came here...one was niagara falls, and the other was eastern state.
Wow! This place is an absolute must. This prison isn't active anymore. It was active from the early 1800s all the way up until the 1970s. This prison is a historical landmark because of how it built upon the solitary confinement idea. Solitary confinement used to be thought of as a brutal punishment over congregation. I'm not sure about you guys, but I'd rather be in solitary confinement if I ever go to prison. I welcome it even... because people.

This was one of my favorite visits while in Philly. Most people know Al Capone and he was held here! His cell is quite impressive although it's said that Capone probably didn't have the easy life in this prison as once rumored. Another notable inmate held here was Willie Sutton. I wasn't familiar with him until the self audio tour. He was a successful bank robber!  It was interesting to see where he dug an escape tunnel at ESP. Too bad he was caught the same day he escaped!

The self guided walking tour is narrated by Steve Buscemi! Yes! It did close in the early 1970s, but it's amazing that it's still standing nearly 200 years later. You can tell that it's an old structure. For the regular tour, they have one of the haunted cellblocks open but you can't walk down it. I will say that the place was hot, but that particular cellblock was cooler than the rest of them! Coincidence? I hope not.

The main self guided audio tour takes you through the basics of the prison. Once you finish, you're free to roam around the prison. There are plenty of other sections that have audio for you to listen to as well. Those extras include death row, escape tunnels, places of worship, the baseball field, the kitchen, Al Capone's cell, and many other things. 

My only complaint is that they have a few sections/cellblocks that are closed. One of those being the most haunted section. Aside from the spooky, things like the kitchen and dining area are also closed. I'm curious on why they're closed. It can't be run down that much. 

You can look at all the pictures that you want, but until you visit this place... it has a certain aurora to it. All of the cells have things in them. Old bed frames, clothes, toilets, and various other things. They've also reserved some of the cells for art installations. There were only a few that I cared about, but it's an awesome addition to this place. 

I'm amazed by this place. During future visits to Philly, I'm definitely fitting in one of the night time tours... especially if it means I get to see cellblock 12! 

Don't hesitate to visit this place if it appeals to you at all!
Eastern State Penitentiary is a former American prison in philadelphia. The place once housed bank robber Willie Sutton and Al Capone. They stopped holding prisoners in 1971. It is the first prison to emphasize princples of reform rather than punishment. As the prison did not keep track of the prisoners after they left, there is no clear evidence that these prisoners actually were reformed or not unless they happen to get sent back to Eastern State Penitentiary. 

The cost of entry is $12 if you are not a student and do not have any other discounts. You get to see the whole prison and walk inside a typical cell. There is a guideded tour every hour. I went at 4pm and missed the last tour. There is a audio tour narrated by Steve Buscemi which gives a great overview of the history as well as a lot of context for how and why the penitentiary came to be. The guide audio tour probably last a hour if you listen to everything but since I had an hour of time and wanted to see the whole place, I listed to half of the tour and walked around the place in 40 minutes.  The penitentary is big, so wear comfortable walking shoes and be ready to explore.
Night Tours: Summer Twilight runs Thursday, Friday, and Saturday evenings from May 7 to September 4. Tickets for Night Tours: Summer Twilight are $19 for Thursday evenings, $26 for Friday evenings, and $32 for Saturday evenings. Timed tickets must be purchased online in advance.

This was sooooo much fun!!!! I have been here a couple times before but never at night!! I highly recommend
this place is kind of spooky even when its not halloween. the cell's themselves are so small and cold and damp and eerie. i cant believe people actually lived in those conditions. the place is really old being as that it was built in 1829 and in 1832 there was the first inmate to ever escape.
I'm rarely someone who takes the time to live Philadelphia like a tourist (alas its kind of the way I roam in my natural territory). But so long as the tours end up being like the one Eastern State Penitentiary dished out, then I might just have to consider breaking that code more often.

Before you even set foot in the gift shop for the chance to pay for the tour you're given the opportunity to view images from the past and check out a display of makeshift weapons that inmates have attempted to use in the past, as well as other relics. It easily sets the tone for the dark yet enthralling energy you're destined to feel as you wander further down the corridors.

You have the option of going on your own walking tour, or trying to be part of a special group tour which is fine and dandy. But the audio tour is the only one that gives you the opportunity to let STEVE BUSCEMI be your guide! when he was filming Animal Factory (which you really ought to see - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dyYhbwI9ayI) Eastern State was one of the areas he was trying to utilize for the location, and he liked it so much that he agreed to be the tours voice. But along with him you'll also hear voices of people behind the past and present of this historic prison site give their own stories that are beyond worth hearing.

it may or may not be haunted, yet it still manages to give you a foreboding feeling which can also be yet oddly serene as you continue to walk on through. Stops of note are of course the cells of Al Capone and other famous inmates. But I preferred the locations that acknowledged films like Twelve Monkeys were being filmed. but for such a large location with so much freaking space to utilize, the people behind maintaining it have managed to find so many nooks and crannies to utilize for elaborate timelines and featured art displays. And things like that detail make it beyond worth checking out!
Steve Buscemi is the man at narrating this audio tour. I had no clue this was even in philly. I would love to come back and spend more time touring the prison. So eye opening how these prisoners were treated. This place has to be haunted I swear there's a ghost in my picture lol. I wanted to see al Capone's cell but today it was closed for restoration sucks. I enjoyed my visit though.
Eastern State Penitentiary is the world's most expensive prison that looks more like a castle from the outside. Opened in 1829, its first inmate was Charles Williams, who was a farmer sentenced to 2 years because of theft. When he was escorted to his cell, he had an eyeless hood placed over his head. This was done so other inmates would not see his face and make it easier for him to be released into society once his sentence is up so no one would recognize him. Wearing the hood also made sure that inmates would not see the layout of the prison and figure out an escape plan. Each time the inmate would leave their cell, they were required to be hooded. 

Through the audio tour, narrated by actor Steve Buscemi, which is included with admission price, you will learn numerous of interesting facts like the one above. There are 15 cell blocks and featured exhibits to occupy your time while you tour the grounds here. Please note that there are free docent led tours, but are only available at 2 pm. Spots for the tour run out, so make sure to reserve early (as it is first come/ first serve).

During the time of operation of this prison (1829- 1971), most cell blocks had a barbershop, complete with the originally preserved barber chair used. There would be one inmate that would be assigned to cut and shave other inmate's hair. It was interesting to learn that those inmates would be given sharp razors (only when they work).

Although most of the prisoners during the time of operation were adult males, they did take in females and children. But they were in a separate block. 

Being the most expensive prison, cells were centrally heated and equipped with running water, a flushable toilet, and a skylight. Al Capone, the famous gangster, was imprisoned here for 8 months in 1929 and he had a very fancy cell that was believed to have a second bed (unusual since the other cells only had 1 inmate per cell), oriental rug, oil painting and radio. Definitely much more inviting than any other cell here. 

In the mid 1920's, Pep the dog (a black labrador) was sentenced to life at Eastern State for murdering the governor's wife's cat (say it ain't so Pep). He got his mugshot taken and even was assigned an inmate number, C2559. He was not kept in a cell and was free to roam the the cell block. Pep the dog had articles written about him being a cat killer and slandering the poor pup's good reputation, which eventually prompted the governor's wife to clear Pep's name and had said that he never killed her cat and just wanted to give Pep to the prisoners to help boost morale. Definitely ahead of its time, Pep was like a therapy dog for the prisoners. 

On the day my husband and I visited Eastern State, it just happened to rain and pour during our visit. Completely forgot to bring the panchos that I packed in my luggage and umbrella, we ended up purchasing 2 panchos at the gift shop which were $3 each ($6.48 after tax for two). The majority of things to see are indoors but not everything is connected. Some of the exhibits are air conditioned but the cell blocks are not and can imagine it can get really hot in here. 

Because of the heavy down pour during our visit, there were a few parts that ended up having to close because of the flooding between cell block 7 and 8. During our 2.5 hour visit, we saw most of everything but would definitely come back to see the parts we didn't see and also check out one of the docent led tours to learn more. 

Please note that it is cheaper to purchase tickets on line, you save $2. There are restrooms but only right when you start the tour. They are porta potties but the nice ones you would rent for an event. Running water, soap and paper towels are available. 

Eastern State Penitentiary has also been featured in music videos, TV shows and movies that include Twelve Monkeys, Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen, TV show Ghost Hunters and Tina Turner's One Of The Living music video. 

If visiting Philadelphia, I highly recommend that you consider making Eastern State Penitentiary on your must visit list.
I loved This! The rates are reasonable. 
Upon entering you are actually at a real penitentiary. You can take as many pictures as you like.  They have membership rates and single day rates. They don't recommend bringing any kids under seven though. 
It's probably for safety reasons. There is so much to see and do here. We walked at our own pace and made good use of the audio equipment. Which l must say explained a lot.
I know we had to have spent at least 3 hours or more. Very informative very interesting. Never a dull moment. We missed the tour thru the hospital block. They have scheduled times for that. Everything else was very interesting. We also purchased two tee-shirts from the gift shop. Buy one get the second one $5.00 off. I highly recommend this place. I also hear they do a haunted Halloween tour. I'm going to have to pass on that one though. Yes l would be spooked out but if that's your thing. I say go for it! They even have a saloon across the street for some food and drinks after your visit. 
A parking garage is available on the side of the penitentiary for an all day parking pass at a very reasonable rate. So why not make a day of it. That's what we did. Enjoy the history of Eastern Penitentiary.  It's definitely worth checking out.
Visited today as part of my citypass, it took my from the hotel an approximate 20 minutes from the hotel. There is a parking lot right next to the prison. My suggestion is to pay $13 dollars which covers you anywhere from 2 to 12 hours, by the way, pay before departing or you gonna get a parking ticket, a boot, or towed.  We walked towards the prison, which looked like a really old like castle. We were greeted and they one of the employees opened the door and we walked down some steps. Now if you go without the citypass the prices are very reasonable rates $12 for children and under 7 is free and $14 for adults. You are given a radio like equipment with headphones, which you pretty much you on a self- guided tour, it pretty simple and you read the signs and it tells you which recording to listen to. The introductory recording is done by no other than Steve Buscemi. 

You pretty much follow the signs and listen to a 2 to 5 minute recording that of the history of the prison.  One famous little known fact Al Capone did a one year stint in this prison. Now I wanted to see his cell, but it was closed due to remodeling.  You can walk through the different cell blocks, look at the rusted bunk beds, broken up toilets, and old barber's chair. All cells have near ruined artifacts, you can visit certain cells, some are on restrictions.  They have sit down warm rooms, free-wifi and place to charge your phone. (Not android friendly). Its advisable to bring your own and drinks, there's no food sold at the prison or go near by restaurants to eat. I being a correctional officer myself, like visiting different prisons/jails and make comparisons.  I also wanted my kids to grasp a bit of history and to ensure they learn a little history of our prison systems. I highly recommend this place, I found it somewhat fascinating this semi- ruined prison like castle.
Eastern State is my favorite place in Philadelphia. Imagine walking up to this giant castle in the middle of a bustling city. After going on the tour - voiced by Steve Buscemi - nothing too morbid actually happened here. But I do like the prospect of this place potentially being haunted. 

On my latest trip I went to the opening reception for the 2017 season which included the unveiling of the newly open Hospital Wing. It's just weird to think that this place was at one point filled with inmates. The opening reception is great because there are free drinks and food to enjoy while wandering the prison. Definitely an event to look out for in the future.

Can't wait for the fall season to come around so I can head back down for Terror Behind the Walls! It's usually essentially the same every year but I always have a blast.
Eastern State Penitentiary is one of the world's earliest penitentiary. A place that developed the concept of compete isolation and solitude for the inmates. The tactics and design of this penitentiary was copied all over the world. 

However, one of the sad aspects about this penitentiary was that it incarcerated many escaped slaves and free African Americans who were associated with the Underground Railroad. One of whom was George Norman, a free African American, who fell in love with an escaped slave. After the slave catchers found him and his wife, he sacrificed himself to let his family escape. However, he was sentenced 3 years of solitary in this penitentiary; and eventually died. 

On the lighter note, the cell of Al Capone is hysterical.
Eastern State is one of the most photographic places you will ever visit. The prison is beautiful, disturbing and thought-provoking. Usually places with this level of decay are closed from public viewing and left to rot. It is a good opportunity for wannabe urban explorers or those who enjoy abandoned spaces to experience a ruin without risking much personal injury. 

The site is generally stabilized at this point, previously visitors had to wear hard hats so they wouldn't be injured by the cracking ceilings. There are renovation projects going on all the time so new areas can be opened to the public. I have had a membership for a few years and it is amazing how much it changes from year to year and season to season. I just hope they don't fix it up too much, I love its rawness.

The audio tour is a good way to take everything in and it is narrated by Steve Buscemi (awesome). But for the most part they let the structure do a lot of the talking for itself, as it should be given its disturbing history.

I like the artist installations, I think they provide a bridge between the past and the future, as well as between the prison and the community. Everyone I take here absolutely adores the ghost cats. Who doesn't love a good animal story?

The only thing that drives me crazy is parking in the neighborhood when Terror Behind The Walls is happening. I know they get complaints about it all the time and it has gotten better in the last couple years since they started using the lot on Broad & Spring Garden and the shuttles. Still, it is a pain for the locals and their visitors. 

Still, it is a fun thing to have in your hood. I love turning the corner with an out-of-towner and hearing them cry, "what the HELL is that?!"
So when we drove up the place, we didn't expect it to be right in the city. In my mind, I imagined that it would be in a remote area just outside of Philadelphia, like in the outskirts of the city. Instead, we're driving past city buildings and then - boom - we were confronted by the massive, stone prison walls of Eastern State. 

We actually found street parking right next to the prison. Because it was last month, there were a two huge gargoyles above us as we passed through the main entrance. Greeters/security guided us to the right, where we stepped down into a hallway that led us to the ticket desk. After we paid the admission fee, we circled around the desk to get our audio tour headsets. Something was wrong with mine, so I had to hold it a certain way or else the audio would cut out, but it was fine. 

The audio tour is fantastic. Personally, I love Steve Buscemi, so his narration was a plus for me. When doing research on the place before going, I had already listened to the audio clips on the website. However, there is way more content on the audio tour players when you are there. You hit numbers on the key pad to select specific content (if you pick up a site map, the audio tour legend is there, so you can choose whichever file you want to listen to on demand). There was a dude sitting on one of the benches, who was just listening to all the clips. If we didn't have time constraints on us, I would have done the same thing. Honestly, there is so much to cover that you could be there all day. 

That's my first recommendation, plan to be there all day (if you are really into the history of places because there is so much covered - a plethora of different topics). A lot a good chunk of time to go around the site; I mean, that's what I tried to do to get the full bang for my buck. Second, don't bring your children or at least the ones who cannot handle it and may be a little skittish and scared (you may be guaranteeing that they will be seeing a therapist when they are older). During our visit, I saw a child who clearly should not have been brought there, but unfortunately was part of a brood, so he had no choice as it was a family affair that day. Third, use the bathroom before you go there because all you have there are porta-potties. If you have any hang ups about porta-potties, heed this advice.  Fourth, look at the schedule for specific sections of the prison. Certain sections are only accessible during certain times of the day, when a guide will let people in, give a little talk about it, and answer any questions. We saw the operating room; Al Capone had his tonsils removed here. 

I highly recommend Eastern State Penitentiary. There's a lot to see and they also have some interesting events - like the Halloween and the Bastille Day stuff. Check it out next time you are in Philly!
This place was ok. The audio tour was pretty neat, but I would rather take an actual guided tour with a person. I started to fall asleep just walking around and listening to the tour. Guess I just need something with more interaction. Sit in on one of the talks (we listened in on the one about the escapes), those are worth the trip.
 
Sorry, but I think it's overpriced at $12/person when there are so many more interesting things to do in the city that are free.
This place is certainly my home away from home. I try to spend as much time hear as I can possibly bear. I have been here several times and was always more than happy to pay the nominal fee to get lost in this decaying piece of history where time loses it's sense of direction. I love how the smell pervades your nostrils when you first enter any of the cell-blocks so that you have no choice but to focus all your energy on looking at this magnificent building in all it's architectural glory. And how time ravages neglected jewels. I have been here for several different tours and love all of them. I was particularly excited to come this winter for a look at the prison immersed in snow! How picturesque that was!  

The first time I was here I spent 5 hours here. I was completely engrossed in the audio tours, (along with the main narration by Steve Buschemi there are multiple others scattered throughout the prison). I stopped at every cell and stared long and hard into all the dark and damp crevices I could find. And when I couldn't see into the darkness I took a picture so I could look at it later in awe of actually being in a place so grandiose. I found a quiet peace here, a solitude from the hectic pace going on right outside the gated walls. I tried to  picture how these people lived from the time the prison opened and you were kept exclusively in complete isolation, brought in hooded so others would not even know you if they passed you on the street. They first focus on full rehabilitation through penance, (hence the first "penitentiary"). Then as you make your way further down, you learn about the seemingly more relaxed times in the 40's and 50's where prisoners had more freedoms than when ESP first opened. Even more engrossed into the tour you hear about the various riots, violence, and the addition of death row. I learned about the women who were imprisoned here, people who raised their families on the grounds. To these people this was their everyday life. To wake up and look out and see nothing but a giant wall surrounding them. To me the grandeur of this place is intoxicating.I find it to be beyond the scope of what a prison should look like but, I am immensely glad that it was made this way, for even falling into ruins the place is beautiful. Their children played in the common areas outside as if nothing unsavory was inside those cells. I tried to immerse myself into every aspect of this idea. I would have loved to experience this place in it's heyday. I watched in one cell a silent film shot at ESP in the early part of the century. My assumption is that it was intended to give outsiders an idea of what went on inside the gate. I loved it and have watched it multiple times. It reminds me of how different each generation really is. 

There are several artist installations throughout the prison as well.  As you wander through you can see them and learn more about the prison, what the artist was thinking in creating their pieces and get more glimpses of the dilapidated buildings. There is the ghost cats installation where the cats are scattered in various areas of the prison. They were modeled after the last feral cats that were living here. These cats were captured and spayed/neutered and released back to the prison and eventually all were gone. Then there's the "end of the Tunnel" installation which consists of red piping showing the many possible escape routes for prisoners to attempt.  This past year I saw the juxtaposition exhibit. When I walked in at first I was impressed at the usage of materials but when I looked underneath the floating pieces of plaster I found little pictures all over the place. That was a very pleasant surprise. Another exhibit has TVs set up in three different locations and depicts scenes from movies of those areas of interest. I sat and watched them at least twice.  Then there's an area of one of the cell-blocks that contains dioramas to show what life might have been like long, long ago here. The greenhouse boasts another pretty exhibit. There is a new exhibit that I haven't seen yet but, am looking forward to eagerly seeing it. 

I have just this year decided to take a commitment plunge and purchased a membership. Which has all ready paid for itself. If you like to go there and wander aimlessly for hours like I do to clear your head or just to find some solitude this place is it! I highly recommend coming here often as every time I find new things to see, new projects going on, and people enjoying the place as much as I do!
Terror Behind the Walls review only: It was fantastic! I've been to dozens of haunted house-themed adventures, and this one is the best by far. You feel the creepiness and terror just by looking at the place. Everyone stayed in character throughout the event and played their parts well, even when some of us were laughing hard at others who screamed loud and jumped so much. 

BEST PART

- YOU get to choose how scared you want to be! They give you the option to wear a glow necklace or not. If you wear the glow necklace, that means the actors can touch you and even grab you to take you down separate passageways that separate you from your group! If you don't wear the necklace, the actors will still jump out and scare you as expected, but they will NOT touch you. This is the first haunted attraction I've been to that does anything like this, it's a brilliant idea! We saw one guy pop out of a tunnel by us who was obviously separated from his group and didn't know where he was, haha. 

TIPS

- Get the fast pass! We booked tickets for 7:30pm on a Saturday night in October, and I'm so glad we had the fast pass. The general line was long, but no one was waiting in the fast pass line, so we got to skip ahead to start the adventure immediately! 

- If the weather is cool, take a jacket or sweatshirt. You will spend a lot of time going inside and outside, and since this place is a ruin with no heat or AC, you will need to dress accordingly to avoid being miserable! Dress is super casual.

- Buy parking for $13 online versus $20 in person. You will park at the zoo's parking garage and take a bus to the event, so make sure you park at lease 30 minutes before your entry time! If you buy parking on-site, it has to be done at the box office, not the garage, so online is easiest. 

- All six attractions are linked to each other, and you'll know when you're entering the next one, so plan to do all six back-to-back.

- Do The Speakeasy at Al Capone's Cell ticket after you finish the six attractions! You get one alcoholic drink included with the ticket, and you get to see his cell left as-is. It was also cool seeing other empty cells in the dark, and the night we went had a live band playing Gatsby-style music. 

Yes, there are only porta potties, but they are placed outside of each attraction and before you enter the main gates, so you will be fine. The one I used was as clean as could be for a porta potty.

As a review mentioned earlier, this place doesn't need any Halloween decorations to make it scary, and it would probably be scarier just walking it alone in the dark. They do have an after dark VIP tour if you're looking for more ghost scares than fake haunted house scares.

I can't wait to go back during the day for the day tour to see more of the cells, death row, and everything else not covered by Halloween decor!
I visited Eastern State with my mom in 1996.  Back then, they had just purchased this historical site and opened it to the public.  In '96, you could only go around on a group tour with a guide because much of the site was still in total shambles.  The site was pretty unsafe and we couldn't visit many of the areas because roofs were caving in.  

Fast forward to 2010.  My mom and I have talked about how awesome Eastern State was since 1996, so of course we had to go back when we found ourselves in Philly again.  Eastern State has gone through a ton of renovation and is a really fantastic place to visit now.  There's a lot more space to explore (since a lot has been rehabbed) and there's even a guided audio tour for you to take if you don't want to wait for a group tour. 

Did I mention that the guided audio tour is narrated by Steve Buscemi?  Oh, it totally is, and that makes it 100x cooler.  There's a ton of walks to take with the audio tour and a lot of ground to cover, so you could easily spend 2-3 hours here if you listened to everything.  Admission is inexpensive and all proceeds go to running and rehabbing Eastern State.  

This is definitely a unique site to visit and I really encourage everyone in Philly (visitors and residents alike) to visit.
I've wanted to visit this place since I was a kid but I don't go to Philadelphia often and when I do, its always for my family so no time for sightseeing. But during my recent trip to Philly, I finally allotted some time to go to the Eastern State Penitentiary and I'm so glad that I did. 

It's a very interesting place and if you love history and/or the paranormal(although I didn't experience anything), you'll absolutely love this place. Actually, even if you don't, you still might (my cousin who find these types of places boring, liked it). There's a self-guided audio tour (narrated by Steve Buscemi) around the prison that goes into details about each area so you can move around on your own pace. There are also some interactive tours in certain areas of the prison but those only occur a few times a day, I believe. It's very easy to tour the prison but make sure to wear sneakers because the pathways outside are unpaved and also, it's really dusty inside. 

The tickets are $16 for adults but if you buy them online, it's $14. Parking is pretty hard to find and it's all street parking so you might have to park a block away and walk a bit (so... definitely wear sneakers). But the walk and if you're from out of state, the trip, is definitely worth it. 

So if you're ever in Philly, definitely make time to visit this place.
Came here for some Halloween event.

Thought it would be corny and a waste of time.

I shit you not, I could not sleep for a whole week after that.

Totally creepy and forrealz scary.  If you have an overactive imagination, like I have, do not take the tour (or Halloween event) lightly.

You may want to bring an extra pair of undies...you know...just in case.
So this was super fun! I'm not a huge prison fan or anything, but I highly recommend this as one of your stops if you visit Philly. Just the fact that the prison looks like a castle on the outside and the layout is in a spoke design is visually appealing. On top of that, this was also where Al Capone stayed!

Every entry comes with a self guided audio. If you do the audio tour only, it is 35 minutes. But if you want to do this place justice, give yourself at least 2 hours. I stayed for 2 hours and I was still not able to do the whole thing!

Tickets at the door is $16. But if you purchase online, you save $2. Since I'm money thrifty, I did a quick search for promo code and was able to get the ticket down to just $9 each. 

It's easily accessible using public transit. (That's how I got there!)

You definitely don't want to miss this attraction!
In the past five years, I've been inside twice.

In July 2011, a friend who lived in the big-bad-city of Philadelphia invited me to tour the prison with him. I'll never forget being *so freaked out* by the neighborhood as we walked along Fairmount Avenue. I booked it back to Center City and the security of PATCO right after the tour.

On a more recent and less ridiculous note, I was here last weekend for the 2016 season opening reception. Unlike five years ago when it was crazy hot inside under the harsh summer sun, our group was able to leisurely self-tour around certain open cell blocks while enjoying light refreshments and two free drinks from the bar. 

It was almost chilly in the rainy and semi-dark conditions, but I found this experience to be much more my style...and prison-appropriate!

I lived three blocks north of Eastern State for the past two years (yeah, life is weird and ironic, I know), but I never stopped in during that time. I'm kind of regretting that since they do offer interesting programs to the neighbors every so often.

I'd like to write that I'll never attend Terror Behind the Walls here, but I think you really just need to give me a few more years to work up the nerve.

Great landmark; absolutely visit if you're new to Philly/afraid of Philly/vacationing in Philly.
This place is friggin creepy, btw.  

I went last night to watch the Shawshank Redemption and while I'm sure it's not completely the Penitentiary's fault, they showed the movie on a side of a truck with a big black bar through the middle of the screen.  

What did stink about the Penitentiary was that we had to sign a waiver to get in and that it took ages to get to the yard where they were showing the movie and then they let us get the short cut out.  All so that we had to go through the gift shoppe on the way in. 

I really don't give enough of a crap about a Prison to buy their stuff. srsly.  I also don't care enough to ever go back again unless there's something cool like a movie or the haunted house going on.
I have visited Eastern State Pen at least 3 times and each time I find it even more fascinating with the stories, preservation and history that is location shares with guests.

The first visit we did the audio tour and I have to say it was incredibly informative to hear the voices of people who had first hand experiences here and the stories they shared, really brought the experience of the visit  to a 100%. The second visit we brought friends what were visiting and they really enjoyed it, lets face it, its not everyday you get to walk around a prison like this.

Now, I have yet to attend any of the haunted Halloween events, I have heard that it is a pretty fun experience and I should consider it, this year for sure. I really love the little gift shop and have bought souvenirs and am pretty partial to my stuffed gargoyle, there are books and cool things for the kids to buy.

Parking for us was on the street and entrance fee is reasonable and the location staff are very informative and happy to assist and answer questions.
The daytime tour is scarier than any Terror Behind the Walls.
Please don't waste your money on it, just go during the daytime to see an amazing ruin.

Go during the day to see the amazing ruin of a prison, stay for all of the free interactive tours and you won't be disappointed. It's a photographer's dream in there. I've been before, but this time we had a chance to do most of the touring, hitting up almost every spot. It was well worth it and not too crazy crowded on a weekend day to do.
I never thought I'd have so much fun in a prison! Some parts are dilapidated and quite frankly, eerie but the site is fascinating both architecturally and historically. It's a very educational and interesting tour; totally up my alley. The tour explains the origin of the prison system, Eastern State's architectural significance, and notorious inmates, including Al Capone, among many other things.

You can get discounted tickets to Eastern State if you purchase a citypass. I was able to get a student discount with my student id. Make sure to grab the audio tour guide, it really maximizes the experience. You may miss out on significant and interesting aspects of the prison without the audio tour. It details social issues that occur within prisons as well. So yea, a plethora of information to gain. Some famous folk narrate the tour, including Steve Buscemi and Barack Obama. 

It's really a great way to spend the afternoon. There are a lot of history within these prison walls. I was surprised I spent nearly 3 hours here. Bring and drink water, many parts of the tour are outdoor and many parts have little ventilation.
wow this is some historical edifice!

loved the go at your pace audio tour with Steve Buscemi as the narrator! Easy to follow and cut group jams since you could go at your own pace or skip sections and go back later. Of course workers were stationed around for assistance and questions too. The art installations were creepy cool and I love how this, like so many other partially abandoned buildings hold such a chill to their interiors. The modern piece of Prisons Today was a real eye opener as well and I appreciate the push to get visitors into thinking about this forgotten but real subjects.

There was an overall hardness to the place but i cant say i felt or saw any ghosts [damnit!] although I did hear fingers snapping in one corridor where i was the only one far down and my friends were farther up. As soon as they got closer to me it stopped and they never heard it.. possibly spooky?

I definitely could have taken more time exploring and recommend taking a DSLR camera if you have one-- i forgot mine but the iphone sufficed for what I had.

Def visit here when in Philly! Wasn't terribly crowded on a Monday either. I cant imagine how fun it would be on Halloween!!
Their haunted house tours are very well done. I get a spooky vibe whenever I cross paths with this place, I have no idea how people could work here. Definitely a must for anyone who has never been!
Historic - Chilling - Beautiful and one of the best "self guided" tours that money can buy.  Voiced by Steve Buscemi with "voices of the prison" adding additional commentary throughout the 45 minute guided audio portion you learn a lot about the history of not only this site, but the entire US prison system.  In addition, after the audio tour you are free to roam almost anywhere and there are additional audio blurbs you can trigger.

I imagine the Halloween exhibit they hold is interesting - the death row area is truly chilling.  Everything about this site is an experience to behold and the donation to restore such a wonderful national treasure is worth the money.
This place is a MUST see when visiting Philly. You can either so the self-guided tour or the guided tour (same price). There are really good picture ops and the information on the audio tour helps throughout your visit. 

This place holds a great amount of history and will take you back into time.
I've lived in Philadelphia my whole life and I've only ever been to Eastern State Penitentiary for their Terror Behind the Walls Halloween haunted house, but I'm so glad I finally got to visit for the historial aspect. 

Pro Tip: Being that this is an abandoned prison, if it is cold outside it will also be cold for the duration of your visit inside the grounds. For whatever reason when I visited on February 29th I had anticipated at least a slight break from the cold (like maybe less wind??) but I basically froze my fingers off. They did have heat lamps in the more commonly trafficked areas, but that's definitely something to consider. Bundle up' 

The purchase of your ticket includes and easy to use audio guide, with numbers clearly marked throughout the tour. I'm a huge history person, and to be able to learn as much as I did from an audio guide that was included is fantastic. I will say that some of the clips were a little bit lengthy in relation to the small area covered, but I'd personally rather more information than less. There was so much to learn about one of America's most famous and most expensive penitentiary ever built. 

I spent about 3 hours thoroughly wandering the grounds and listening to most (if not all) of the audio clips on the guide. My absolute favorite part of the entire tour was Cell Block 7-- one of the newer blocks built with two floors. You're able to wander up the steps to get a higher vantage point which is very cool. 

Overall if you're someone who likes history and learning, this is a great way to learn something different about the past America's prison as well as Philadelphia.
When in Philly, don't miss out on visiting the Eastern State Penitentiary.  It's a huge prison in the middle of Philadelphia built in the 1800s, that housed hundreds of prisoners, including Al Capone. It closed in the 1970s and became a national historic landmark. They say it's one of the most haunted places in America!

As you walk or drive up to the prison, you will see how enormous it is. On some days, there can be a line to get in, but once you pay, get inside, and grab an audio device for your self-guided tour, people will scatter as they go at their own pace. The tour is mostly narrated by the great Steve Buscemi with some other narratives by staff members and researchers. The prison is designed in the shape of a wagon wheel, but there are arrows and numbers to show you where to go. It has a very interesting history. Not boring at all. It's cool and creepy to walk down the corridors, but it can also be depressing when looking at the cell blocks and seeing how the prisoners lived. Since I last visited in 2013, they've been doing some renovations to open up more areas.

$16 for adults and $12 for students.
2 hour street parking.
WOW! 

No I'm no history buff but this was truely the best expirence my family and I had on our trip through Philly!

You learn and see so much, its inspiring no matter what age, race or gender you are.

Getting in free wth a military ID card was a bonus but I would have had no problem paying for this unique experience that will stay in our memories for a life time.

The staff is wonderful and very helpful, they have guilded tours or you can venture out on your own and get the tour on tape.

I'm more for doing my own exploring and thought 3 hours would be more than enough since we are not the types to dwell cultural things for too long.

However, one can easily spend the entire day here poking in every corner, there are so many hallways, indoors, outside, top to bottom, be sure to wear compfy shoes!

(My dumbass wore heels...not smart)

I would come here again and recommend it to anyone driving through or visiting Philly!
My boyfriend and I visited back in September and we were not disappointed. It was favorited as a place to go in Philly. 

I typically am not interested in Historic Sites, but this one intrigued me because of the notorious prisoners.  I enjoyed the headset & audio tour, it was informative and brought me through each section.  It was pretty creepy & eerie, but very interesting.  I can't imagine how scary it is during the Halloween season where they do Terror Behind the Walls.  I always wanted to visit during that event, but can't seem to find friends willing to go with me haha 

I definitely recommend everyone take an hour or two to visit the Eastern State Penitentiary.
So there's this prison located, like, practically in the middle of, like, Philadelphia. There's a school and a playground and houses right around it. For reals. And it's like a crumbling, creepy, old castle. And it's just right there in the middle of everything. And the Travel Channel loves to put it on all kinds of different shows.

Total Philly-area must do. It's about $25 each and well worth the price. It's old, it's historical, it's interesting, it's an opportunity to learn and explore, and it's hauntingly creepy. You are given an MP3 player and it's a self-guided audio tour. And, normally, I'm not a fan of that. But this audio tour was actually fabulously done. It was interesting and engaging - I actually wanted to listen to everything.

We had a great time just wandering around, checking things out, and listening to some of the side audio tours. Note: Almost every sign you encounter will have a small headset logo and a number. Enter that number into your player and enjoy. And don't be afraid to wander and find the little random side tours. The standard tour is only 1-10 on the player, but there are all kinds of other bits (i.e. #23) you can listen to if you wander around and let your curiosity guide you.

And pay attention to the signs that tell you when the next guided tour / hands-on experience is happening (there are several all around the prison). The staff are incredibly knowledgable and the little mini, side, guided tours are great. They each only take a couple of minutes, but permit you into areas that are not open for free roaming and provide you with a nice, extra, in-person expertise. Cell block 15 (a.k.a. death row) and cell block 3 (a.k.a. the hospital) were particularly good.

We went on a Sunday afternoon and it was great. No crowd, few people, no lines, found close street parking that didn't cost anything, etc. Thankfully, it was daylight. Even in the daylight, it was kinda creepy. Not the type of place I would ever want to be stuck at night.

Again, total must-do. This was a fabulous experience. And we spent way more time here than we thought we would. So definitely be sure to allow plenty of time - more time than you'd think.
I am THE Scaredy Cat. I believe in ghosts, and get that queasy feeling in some places, like Cape May. I also have been known to have a panic attack - or four. I went with my then-school (I finally graduated, woo!) of Temple's Tourism & Hospitality Management, and we had a private tour. It was October and freezing, as it had poured the day before/morning of. The tour was very interesting, and our guide was extremely knowledgeable and personal. He invited us to ask him questions and to be active and not feel we just had to stand and listen.

What sent me screaming from the building was when our tour got to go to places most people visiting don't. We went all the way up to the lookout tower thing - well, the rest of my class did. The ladder to climb to the platform that allowed you to access it was obviously in a state of preserved decay, like the rest of the building. I am sure it was safe or they wouldn't have taken us on it, but oh my. Looking a few stories down from a teensy tiny metal step even my weakling self could probably break, I lost it. Oh, I also had to DUCK under crown molding while on the step. I ended up having a massive panic attack, but the tour guide was AWESOME with it. He allowed me to stay in the very safe platform area and helped me back down to the ground floor when done. I was totally embarrassed by my hysterics, but he understood and handled it so sweetly and professionally. A classmate actually carried me down since I almost passed out a few times (very nice of him), and when the other visitors saw us at the bottom of the stairs, they thought I was terrified of the scary history - more like the scary steps!! There is actually a picture of the tower we went into on this Yelp page.

I would assume it'd be 10x creepier if I weren't with 30 other students and my professor, but it is definitely a cool place to see. Everything is so naturally spooky. Going inside some of the cells made the hairs on my arms stand up! It was awesome. You can really get a feel for what it was like way back when.

Around Halloween there are often shows on television about it; in fact, one had just finished filming when we went. I'll go back in a heartbeat, but without that rickety ladder, no sir!!
This is one of my favorite sites to see in Philly. It can be quite odd to call a past penitentiary a cool place to check out, but it is. Huge in its presence this historical prison is a short walk from the Philadelphia Art Museum. That's right, just a short walk from the famous Rocky steps is the infamous prison that held a few famous prisoners including Al Capone. Which his cell looks better than some people's apartments. A lot that draws tourist as well is the thought that this prison is one of the most haunted in the US. 
The museum is generally a self guided audio tour. You are given a headset and headphones to punch in the number to hear a bit of the history of the prison from Steve Bushemi and some of the past workers and inmates of the prison. They also have a few guides during specific times that give tours of the prison.

 I had been here about three times over the past few years and it's really nice to see that the museum is trying to open more areas of the prison that they are attempting to restore from its fragile state for visitors to view. They also have new art installments in some cells and rotating exhibits. 
I would definitely return again to see what else they have or what they may have for their night tours around Halloween.
I'm one of those odd girls that obsessed with the dead, so this really becomes a treat. Each cell in this majestic structure feels eerie yet full of life. I actually wish they wouldn't have touched some cells which now have video in them because it ruins the imagination.

The self guided tour is great because it includes people who were actually here telling you about their experience. It gives you great insight on how jails were more like communities back in the day, unlike the money makers they are now. The stories attached to prisoners' pictures along hallways are great too, it really let's you close your eyes and imagine that little 5 year old boy growing up in Eastern State in his mom's cell or the barber shop buzzing with fresh crew cuts. The Al Capone cell was interesting, but I definitely found more character in other stories.

I wish that other areas like the hospital wing were better restored and had some medical artifacts in there but so far it's all falling apart. Then again a lot of the jail is and that's also part of it's enchantment.

I really enjoyed my trip here and would hands down bring by anyone interested. There are student and teacher discounts, so for what you pay to see a movie, you could instead take a walk into a very historic site for the afternoon. The area also has a few cute bars and restaurants in case you want to make this into a memorable second on third date (don't freak them out by bringing them here on a first date!).

You do not need a full day to tour, we did it in about 2.5 hours and took our time. The place is open 7 days a week and has very helpful staff. Definitely come check them out.
Boy did we have fun!
This event TERROR BEHIND WALLS was scary enough but not over the top frightening, which was good, bc I was NERVOUS, not gonna lie lol!
So they give you a choice of just the regular experience or "deluxe" interactive where the actors can touch you and steal you away from your group and do ghoulish things to you lol!
You have to sign WAIVERS lol.
So my group of 8, mostly young uns, decided to get the RED X marked on their faces which alerted the actors that you were in for the full experience. 
See this was a surprise for me bc I thought WE all established that WE were going to do the "regular" one, now all of the sudden I AM THE ONLY ONE who didn't want to do the X!
Hahaha!
I was DUPED into the X, bc if I hadn't, I would've had to walk in there ALONE(insert WIDE EYES) lol,
So I HAD to comply.
There are 6 chambers of torture you must go through, you might have to climb steps in pitch dark or squeeze into "somewhere", while someone is chasing you and touching you lmao!
It was fun!
I got separated from my group twice I think 
Touches weren't over the top or anything, just enough...
But boy do you leave there TIRED! Like you ran through some obstacle course!
I enjoyed this excursion but really would like to do the TOUR, that seems like it would be scarier than the attraction.
But YEAH, get out to Philly and do this if you haven't done so!
Oh yes, AND GET A RED X with the glow device around your neck to track you- if you dare!
For $9, the Eastern State Penitentiary tour is pretty awesome. The tour is really interesting and informative, and you move around enough to not get bored. Some famous folks have been here, and apparently the place is haunted. Also some great photo ops.

For an hour of your day, this is definitely something worth seeing in Philly. Street parking if you can find it, or there's a lot on one side of the building you can pay to park in. This prison isn't exactly in the center of town, though, and you're limited to a couple of restaurants and cafes if you want to eat around here. 

Tour is indoor and outdoor, and the indoor doesn't have heating or cooling. So... just prepare to be outdoors.
Eastern State Penitentiary is a must see when you're in Philly and is on multiple "top 5 things to do in Philadelphia" lists. This place is really that great too!!

I'd recommend taking the self guided tour and block out about two hours to complete the tour.  Eastern State Penitentiary is like the Alcatraz of the East Coast, but with so much more history. Eastern State Penitentiary was built in the early 1800's, is the oldest penitentiary in the US and was a leading force in how other parts of the world operates their jails/prisons and treats prisoners in the 1800's and early 1900's. It was very interesting hearing and learning about the history of the penitentiary and I absolutely loved it. Eastern State officially closed down as a penitentiary in the early 1970's and was almost turned into a shopping mall until the city decided to preserve the prison and open it to the public. I'm glad they did. 

What's great about this place is on the outside from the street it looks like a historic castle. Apparently they built it that way so outsiders would not know what was going on behind the bars. Amazing. This penitentiary also housed both men and women and would put all the prisoners in the same area, regardless if they were low or high security. They also had a dog inmate in the early 1900's. 

I'd highly recommend visiting this place out when you're in Philly! I'd even consider coming here again if I'm ever on this city again. 

Cheers!
I struggle to define exactly why I waited so long to take a tour of the Penitentiary - years, in fact - but last week I finally put my money where my mouth was.  Perhaps the notion of walking through the dreary unknown of leaky, damp cell block halls is not exactly the most inviting thought when faced with the prospect of having a day off to relax at the end of the long work week.  How could I have been so narrow minded?

This Penitentiary is so rich in history - able to leave everyone who passes through with an indelible mark of appreciation for what it truly means to be a Philadelphian, a civilian of this country, and above all, a free man.

I came and took the headset audio tour on a rainy Sunday with my boyfriend, and I must admit, the narration of Steve Buscemi blended nicely with the feeling of cold isolation when walking through the tiny, decrepit old cells.  Add a few holes in the ceiling to let the rain in, and it had all the mood of a horror movie in the making.  I'm sure that the Terror Behind the Walls is scary and exhilarating, but I'm very thankful to have taken the daytime tour first, in the off season, with just a handful of other visitors around.  I believe I got a better understanding of the true essence of the building.  The stories we heard, the pictures we saw, the lore of thousands of past inmates and guards was so vivid and creepy - and surprisingly - enlightening.   

When the audio tour was over, we walked around for quite a while, letting the walls tell their own story - just as gradually as the rain began to soak into our bones.  Learning the simplicity of the layout, the isolation that each inmate endured, and just how groundbreaking a fixture this building was in the growth of Philadelphia could be enough for even the most ardently stubborn addict of technology based recreation to stop for a minute and smell the roses.  Or in this case, the smell of rotting cell blocks vs. the smell of fresh air.

Highly recommend!
Absolutely the "scariest" place I have ever been.  Go during the day, night, whatever, the hairs on your neck will stand and goosebumps will cover your body.
I went here during the day and was still terrified.  100% worth every penny especially since you are handed a nifty audio tour with your admission.  There was a group of paranormal investigators that were walking around with instruments around the same time we took the self-guided tour. 

I had a small amount of battery life left on my iPhone since I was taking an abundant amount to photos.  Towards the end of the tour there is a dark cell that is currently converted into a dark film room playing clips of interviews.  My boyfriend and I were alone in that cell block location and were daring each other to enter the dark cell alone.  I decided to step inside and take a photo.  Right when I tried to take a photo a wave of ice cold wind hit me and my Iphone immediately shut down.  Needless to say, I ran out of the cell block and told my boyfriend that I was over the tour and ready to leave.

My Iphone wasn't able to turn on afterwards.  We figured that it just ran out of battery life.  We continued to go site-seeing afterwards and I kept trying to turn on my phone but there wasn't any luck.  When we got back from our excursions, I quickly plugged my iPhone to my charger and it turned on immediate with 30% battery life left.

I'm sure it was just a technical glitch.  It still freaked me out.
This was a fun, interactive place to visit. I enjoyed the guided tours - the staff that we interacted with were enthusiastic and knowledgeable. 

Admission for students [$10]

The highlight of my visit was learning about how an inmate dug a tunnel through which he was able to escape. There's a video, a line drawn to show how far he dug, etc. - you just have to visit Eastern State Penitentiary to find out more. 

You can see the cells where prisoners on death row were kept, cells that kept prisoners in solitary, etc. Visitors can walk inside certain cells and they hear about the history behind the prison (its purpose when it was first built to when it was shut down). We even talked about the current state of prisons and the criminal justice system today. 

I think ~2 hrs is enough to see and hear everything.
The curators of the Eastern State Penitentiary have interpreted it so that in addition to seeing a old prison, you learn about how ideas regarding the punishment and reform of criminals has changed over time, and how these ideas are reflected in prison design.  Lots of effort has gone into showing what it was like to live or work in prison during the time this prison was in use. One time when I went, I attended a demonstration on "prison cuisine"!

Kids will like it more than most museums because they are free to explore, and they don't necessarily need to be calm and quiet.  The exhibits are light on the text and glass cases, although they do keep the collection of shanks behind glass! The ESP is on my top ten of Philly historical sites.
Who knew?! This place had never been on my radar, until out of town friends had it on their list. I've been to some of the more notorious prison museums in the world, as famous as Alcatraz in San Francisco to the much more obscure Devil's Island prison made famous by Papillion, located in the remote French Guianas. This one was just as good!

PRO TIP: If you are taking the PHLASH bus, it is an easy walk to the entrance from the corner stop.

The audio documentary is SO SO well done - there wasn't a single boring episode. You should really listen to the first 10 stops, but there were at least 30 different stops with audio portions that were worth a listen.

Plan on spending a minimum of 2 hours here.
Great Philly Tourist Attraction if you are in town.

I came here for their Halloween set up called Terror Behind the Walls.  I wasn't doing much for Halloween on my visit to Philly, so we decided to check this place out since it is supposedly one of the best halloween attractions in the nation.  Get your ticket online is what I recommend before coming here!  We thought it wasn't going to be that crowded so we went there and bought out ticket.  Some were sold out for specific times so beware!  I was really surprised at the huge crowd turnout!  The staff were very organized when it came to lining up the groups for specific times.  Just make sure you are in the right section.  I think I ended up having to wait an hour since I bought my tickets there.  Parking was found not too far, along the streets(luckily). Make sure you are dressed warm though!

From what I remember, I don't get scared too easily, but this walking tour, was definitely a good one!  I was basically hiding behind my friend the whole entire time since I didn't know when the heck things were going to pop out!  I definitely loved how it was located in a real prison, which at the same time, we were able to check the venue out.  We had the chance to read about the history and objects they were able to preserve towards the end of the tour.  The walking tour was steady and at a good pace, unless someone gets ridiculously scared and holds up the line!

Definitely a good alternative to your halloween!  I would go again if i could!
Decided to drive here for a girls day trip full of fall festivities! Worth it! We came for the haunted house obv, it was scary at some parts but also a decent amount of cheesy so don't fret if you're thinking you can't handle it. It took us about 45 min long to get through with lines etc and you do walk through three separate parts of the jail.. you can get those passes offline where you can cut the line, totally do that bc this place was damn packed! 

25$ parking... but why? Chance it and park for free around the block.. we found a ton of parking on green street.. also, the guards are dressed up as zombies too which was a nice touch...

This place is massive! Scary to think that they had a jail almost in the middle of a town, weird. The place is totally eerie though, part of me wanted to throw up when i walked through the infirmary, kind of unsettling and such a strong feeling but interesting history behind it! For obvious reasons.... Al Capone.... lol

We totally ran through here (5 girls deep) screaming our heads off at deafening decibels that I'm sure the actors were glad when we were done ahha.. you can also opt in for the "interactive" experience where they put a glow in the dark necklace around you which means you don't mind being touched or separated from your group and forced to walk through weird spaces or jump into a pit of foam cushions lol. 

We also were instructed to wear these 3D glasses in here so we could see all of these awesome lights and it was fun, club like lol not so scary... bottom line is we got out alive and it was not that bad! I didn't see that many little kids here though so ya know, bring at your own risk! At the end there is an area to grab some food and some merchandise ... you know I had to snag an Al Capone magnet... 

If you are looking for an absolutely terrifying experience, this is not one but it was fun and there were a few good scares but more laughs!
I can't imagine adding anything else more special than what everyone else has mentioned, but I will say that on our previous trip to Philly, we opted to skip ESP, but this time, after lots of people telling us we HAD to do it, we did it and we did not regret it. 

Of course, everyone wants to go to see Al Capone's cell, and that is fine and dandy, but it was the other stories on the audio tour that made it more interesting. Narrated by Steve Buscemi, the audio tour comes free with your standard entry. I usually don't partake in these things, but when I heard Buscemi narrated it, I went for it. His narration walks you through various points of the prison, but then you have free time to wander around on your own with a map. The narration included real life prisoners' accounts of their stay and the on-goings during their time. You also have the option of partaking in some mini-tours around the penn to learn more. The times are on the tour map. 

The place is literally falling apart but it makes it really cool. I can't image that it is altogether safe to breathe in everything, but I guess with the limited time one spends there, it is ok. ? 

I kept hearing about how haunted the place is, and I was REALLY hoping to see something scary, but no luck. There were times when we were along by ourselves in a cell block and it was really creepy and cold. but no sign of anything scary.
Quite possibly one of the coolest places I've ever visited. So much history even though surrounded with so much sadness. You could literally feel the coldness of this place in your bones.
Also you can have amazing photo opportunities in here and spend a entire day roaming through this place.
It's my 2nd time visiting ESP and every time I visit Philly I'll come back here.
Review numba nine HUNNIT!!
.....betta make it a good 'un!

And wow, Eastern State Penitentiary! What a place!
People going to Philly are going for Independence Hall, American History stuff. I personally didn't even know ESP was in Philly until I was looking into things to see there. And not just in Philly, but *IN* Philly! It is in the Fairmount neighborhood, and ended up being less than a 10 minute walk from our Airbnb, maybe 10 or 15 minute walk from Market St/the art museums! It is in the middle of everything. That was a surprise!
Since we ended up walking everywhere, we didn't have to worry about parking, but it is free street parking is available in the neighborhood.

I love slightly weird history, old abandoned places, things that are kinda creepy. ESP certainly fits the bill. Fixed up enough to allow safe tours for visitors, but still old and crumbly and awesome! You enter the complex, buy your ticket and pick up an audio guide. I might personally enjoy in person tours more, but the good thing about the audio guide is that it is self-guided and you can skip around. You can can go your own pace, check out different areas that interest you, re-listen to interesting tidbits. And you don't have to make sure to be there at a specific time for a guided tour. Just show up and get started!
It's fun that the main route of the tour is narrated by Steve Buscemi.

They cover the very long history of the prison. From it's start in 1829 when it emphasized solitary incarceration, through it's closing in 1971. It is fascinating! So interesting to see how the prison system changed through the years, how an institution so massive changed with the times. I do wish more areas/buildings were open for exploration. But that might be more from my love of abandoned places, than for a desire to hear more about the prison history....
Al Capone's cell was really cool to see. He was only held for a few months here, but got some nice digs! It looked cooler than any place I have ever lived!

We got here right when they opened at 10am, and we spent roughly 2-2.5 hours here. If we hadn't had other plans (Mtter Museum, dinner, concert), we probably could have spent another hour there!
If I ever get back to Philly, I would 100% revisit ESP!
We really enjoyed the time there, all of the rooms and audio tour, but the price is too high.
If you go during the winter, make sure you bundle up! 

This is one of the top places I've ever been to... and I go to a lot of museums. So many photo opportunities and details to look at. The audio guide keeps the tour interesting and I could honestly say I could spend several hours here. If you only have limited time, I'd say skip the art museums and head on to the penitentiary.
The highlight of my trip, everyone.

I highly recommend every tourist to have this in their itinerary. I usually don't do museums, but these type of "museums", I am all for. Formerly a prison, it is flipping amazing to see how they preserved everything to help us learn about and re-see history. 

Before you start, you receive a headset with a MP3 player that plays numbered recordings for displays on the site. It was such an engaging and interactive experience because of it. I especially loved the exhibit where the quotes on the photos went along with the audio. It's also cool they added a new exhibit for 2020.

Everything was super organized, and the staff were extremely nice and helpful. Definitely give this place a visit!
This place is absolutely beautiful! The preservation is in progress, but the work they have done so far is amazing. I got lost a few time, and the audio tour lost my attention a number of times, but I loved getting lost and wondering the halls. Definitely one of the top things to see in Philadelphia.
I never heard about Eastern State Penitentiary until i was already in the middle of my Philly trip and saw it advertised in the tourist magazine. My family agreed that this was a good spot to visit so we made our way there. 

The website states that it costs $3-$10 for parking but when we went today (on Sunday) the cost was $20 flat rate. Oh well, we didn't care. 

This place isn't a typical tourist or attraction. It's an enormous prison built in 1829. The facilities were in operation until the late 1960's or early 70's. Although the place seems to be falling apart, a lot of preservation work takes place there so that it can remain open to the public. 

Some highlights of the tour were the restored cells, Al Capone's cell, the view from the guard's area looking down the endless rows of cells and the prison synagogue (yes, there were Jewish criminals - think of Bernie Madoff!)

The prison looks like a haunted castle from the street and I was told the there is a haunted house there in the fall. I highly recommend spending some time here while in Philly.
The penitentiary is an imposing sight at the top of a hill in the Fairmount neighborhood of Philly. I can only imagine how ominous it was in the 1800's. The significance of this penitentiary to the US and the world is really quite impressive and under-appreciated by most, likely because it is unknown to most. 

The tour was interesting. It was nice to do the audio tour instead of a group tour trying to listen to someone speaking. The audio tour lets you go kinda at your own pace. The Steve Buscemi narrated tour explains how the penitentiary was started, designed, and maintained. It was used to house inmates until the 1970's, which is frightening considering the state of decay it's in today. It would be really nice if they would spend the money on cleaning it up and taking care of it. As it is now I was wondering whether the employees have any lead poisoning from the massive amounts of paint peeling off the walls. 

Admission costs $12, will get you the audio tour as well as access to the specialized tours in the afternoons. A pretty good deal for a museum. 

The concrete cats randomly situated around the place was a little odd. I'm not sure exactly what the point was, they were never mentioned in any of the info so I don't think they were representative of cats that were imprisoned there (kidding, kidding). It was just a little weird.
I'm still such a sucker for this place.  I even put the star back. :)

Visiting from NYC for the weekend, me, bf & best friend stopped in. 

I've been dying to come back.  I love how random it is in the middle of the city.  The first look of it as you're driving up N. 22nd street is an awesome smack in the gut.  

Did the audio tour again and got more out of it this time, and even listened to extra sections that I skipped the first time.  A highlight was the section on Ghost Cats, who symbolized a feral cat colony that resided there after it was finally shut down for good.  A guy fed them for years.  They were TNR (Trapped, Neutered & Returned), and eventually died off  That was pretty interesting.

I noticed that one of the hallways makes me nauseous. It happened the first time too.  Weird, but whatever. 

Anyway, whatever, I freaking love it.  And we all filled out a survey afterwards that means we each have 2 free passes for our next visit. :)  Not bad.

I think next time I'll try not to visit in the DEAD of summer though!
Took our out of town visitors here during their visit to Philly for Thanksgiving.  The Friday after Thanksgiving meant easy sailing into the city and plenty of free street parking!  Hurrah...just be careful because several streets were only 1 hour parking, and one hour isn't enough to see ESP.

$30 for the four of us to get in...but that was with two $1 off coupons, a free admission coupon that someone handed us when we were walking in, and one student admission.  We had planned to spend about 50% more so the savings was nice!  After buying our tickets, we stopped at the first "ranger" station to pick up tickets for the 2:15 architectural tour.  That was the only "eh" of the trip.  The plus side is that the architectural tour allows you to access parts of ESP that you can't access on your own.  The sad part is that the guide who was running the tour wasn't really an expert.  Sure, she knew the speech but it was apparent that her knowledge was pretty limited.  Especially when so much of the information was so general.  As a random tour, it's very cool - just don't expect much on the academic side.  Tours are included for free - both guided as well as the audio guides.  A nice perk!

After about 40 minutes touring with the guide, we decided to pick up the audio guide tour from where we were standing.  I'm sure that we missed plenty, but we also enjoyed what we did see.  Two hours in the cold makes me tired, so we finished up our day peering in at Al Capone's cell before we went to the car.

I'd love to go back in better weather to really explore!
I'm the biggest scaredy cat in the world. I hate creepy places where you know suffering happened. I am a bit superstitious and I take spirits seriously. 

Despite all that, during the day, ESP is a decrepitly nice place to wander for a nice sunny afternoon. With the audioguide, I learned quite a bit about the prison systems and how ESP was a leading example back in the day.   

The bf loved it and I was fine touring around during the day. Once in a lifetime event for me!
ESP is a spectacular, historical relic that not only immerses you in its nearly 150 years of operation, but opens eyes to the vast social issues and political challenges plaguing the incarceration system in the US today.

As part of your entrance ticket, there is a handheld audio tour primarily narrated by Steve Buschemi, who interestingly once scouted ESP for a movie. The audio presentation is well organized and takes you step-by-step through the prison's history, notorious inmates, and its influence/impact on subsequent penitentiaries that opened across the US, including Leavenworth and Alcatraz.

I would recommend reserving at least two-three hours to properly walk through the cell blocks as well as spend adequate time in the interior multimedia exhibit (adjacent to the baseball field). There also also 10-20 minute featured spotlights sprinkled throughout the day, hosted by museum guides and focused on specific aspects of the prison (e.g. the progressive medical facility, or what it looked/felt like to be in solitary confinement). I strongly encourage tourists take advantage of these!
the halloween tour was mildly startling and massively cheesy - about what i expected.  out of town guests all seem to be enamored with this building whenever i take them by it.  it is a pretty spectacular looking thing from the outside.
We were going to visit the common historical stops in Philly but the crowds were just oppressive.  We decided to visit ESP and I will never forget what we experienced today.  We took the self-guided audio tour which was fantastic.  It was narrated by people who were former guards, prison workers, and inmates which made the whole experience totally authentic.  The architecture is just amazing and made for some great photographic memories.  I love photography of unusual settings and ESP did not let me down.  I was taking pictures from the time we entered the ominous walls, through the different haunting halls, into the now dilapidating cells, to the hole, which was literally a hole in the ground for solitary confinement.  There were side tours that were available throughout the day which was pretty cool.  We joined in the one about the use of the solitary confinement. I had a hard time not seeing the faces of those who were imprisoned there.  We will definitely be back!
Wow!  Eastern State is truly a fascinating historical site.  I'm almost embarrassed to say I would have never checked this place out if it wasn't for out-of-towners looking to do something touristy in Philly.  

But I'm so glad I came to do the self guided & guided tour here.  I found every site within the tour quite interesting.  From the creepy small cells, tunnel escape routes, and learning about the unique ideology behind how the wardens believed prisoners should be treated here (total and absolute isolation!...they even had to wear masks in the hallways so that they would not see other prisoners---just fascinating!)  

I wish I came earlier, because being the nerd that I can be, I wanted to stop at EVERY site and read everything, but I ran out of time and did not get to see death row before they closed :-(.  I was literally escorted out by the museum guides and was eventually reunited with my sister and friends (who I had tired out and were waiting for me on a bench outside).  I guess not seeing everything is a great excuse for me to go back (alone) so I can go at my own slow pace.   

I have never been to the haunted house here, but the regular daylight tour was enough to send goosebumps up my arms and made the hairs on the back of my neck stand up.  The place definitely seems haunted year round-- no need for some fools in masks to make you jump.

Im sure my recent fascination with Msnbc's late nigtht show "Lock Up" increased my liking of Eastern State, but prison aficionado or not-- this is truly an amazing place.  I can get bored quite easily at a lot of museums or historical sites, but Eastern State keeps me wanting more!
This is a really unique and interesting touristy activity! Admission is $14 for adults, but you get $2 off for ordering tickets online and another $2 off with student ID.

They give you a mp3 player and headset for an audio tour guide through the first-ever-in-the-world penitentiary that was later turned into a museum after it closed down. We went through the first 10 audio tour stops, then checked out a really cool indoor exhibit about crime/prison history in the U.S. as well as sadly true statistics about the effects of prisons on people. We spent around an hour here, but there are a lot more audio tour stops to explore if you're interested in them.

I really enjoyed this experience and highly recommend it to everyone!
A couple of my friends and I came to ESP on a Saturday.  The doors open at 10 - and we were there at 10.  We wanted to give ourselves as much time as possible to explore - and explore we did!

We got our audio tour and off we went.  It was great!  It only has you tour a couple of the cell blocks - but then you can tour the other cell blocks on your own.  There are also extra numbers on different photos that gives you some "special" information.  It's really interesting to listen about the women in the jail, the medical ward, etc.  

If you can get your hands on a map - toss one in your pocket (They are readily available everywhere).  They have special tour guides at specific times at specific locations.  Don't miss these.  These are really worth it.  Most of them don't take long and are there more specifically to answer questions.  However, the Hospital ward is the ONLY way to get in the hospital ward wing.  Don't miss this.  Seriously.  Do not miss it.  

We were at ESP for about 3 hours.  But if you keep your receipt you can go back again at any point during the same day.

Points to remember:
1.  There is free parking if you look.  We drove around the block (essentially right around ESP) and found easy - FREE parking.  But read the signs.  We were fine - but I have heard horror stories about people getting towed.
2.  There are a ton of restaurants around.  We didn't eat at any - but they looked great!
3.  Don't leave after you finish the audio tour.  There is still ALOT to explore.  The audio tour was maybe an hour - we were there 3.  
4.  Do the "Hands on History" suggestions.  You don't have to do them all.  We only did a couple.  But they are particularly interesting!
5.  Heels and flipflops are not ideal.  I wore sneakers - but I saw people in flipflops and heels - remember this building is abandoned essentially.  Be smart.  Wear Sneakers.
6.  Have fun!  It's a really cool place to explore!
This place is fascinating! It's kind of weird that the mentioning of Steve Buscemi as the audio-tour voice was the deciding factor for me that this was a must see place. I'm glad I'm a Buscemi fan though, because I may not had made the effort to see this place had it not been for Mr. Pink. 

Moving on. You should really go to the bathroom before coming here, because I think that the port-a-potties were originally there when they built this historic penitentiary. Pretty nasty!

If you are a photographer, you will most likely need half a day or day to be hypnotized by this place. It's beautiful. . . a photographer's dream. Aside from the visual presence of the site, the history is very fascinating. Buscemi's audio tour is awesome! 

Other things I didn't know is that films have been made here. Most notable to me is 12 monkeys! How cool is that?

Definitely check it out. Unless you hate old stuff.
If you start your Philly getaway freaking your kids out at The Mtter Museum then it only makes sense that you'd finish your vacation by scaring the bejesus out of them here.

Equal parts depressing and intriguing, scary and wildly educational - this is a great place to check out.  It's haunting to walk through during the day - I can only imagine how it is when they do their 'Terror Behind the Walls' for Halloween.

The kid's scavenger hunt was fun for the kids (even if that 'free gift' at the end was only a sticker which definitely stinks for 8-year-olds) and actually contained a lot of good trivia if you weren't doing the audio tour.

Pep the Dog was framed, dang it!
