I was forced to go here against my will  Be warned, you are clearly just making a donation to Eastern State financially.  If you want to help support them then go and enjoy yourselves.  If you don't care about that, then save your money and go elsewhere.  This is not supposed to be a scary night out.

The setup was confusing as I was told you can't go back to certain areas.  At the time, we didn't want to drink right away, so we skipped some places.  We upgraded to VIP to "skip the lines", but also to get access to Al Capone's speakeasy and some other free drink.  

The first "free fifteen dollar" drink was soda, wine or some cocktail.  You could get a snack too.  I went with a wine, contemplating how my life brought me to being at this place.  A friend was going to get a water, but they said that's your free "fifteen dollar" drink, so in keeping with the theme, I think she just died of thirst there.  

Al Capone's at the end was the best.  We hung out in cells, played blackjack, there was a tarot reader, and just a nice chill way to kill some more time.
I wish I could rate this 0 stars. I miss terror behind the walls and I hope this Halloween night thing isn't permanent. Each haunted house that was labeled "scary" took 3 minutes max to walk through. There were about 3-6 actors in each who seemed just as confused to be there as we were (since we paid $50 a ticket for nothing). Also every other "attraction" is actually just food and drinks for you to spend money on overpriced things. There is no fear factor at all and there's even a safe word to get the 4 actors to stop trying to scare you. Like why are you at a haunted attraction if you need a safe word. No thanks. 
Also don't buy the VIP pass. The vampire lounge was the most pathetic thing I've ever walked by, there was 1 actor who was just leaning on a fence so I don't know how that was labeled scary. I don't know about al capones cell. 

I'm really hoping this isn't permanent and only until the pandemic is under control or else I will never be going back.
I really wish I had read some of these reviews before going to this. It definitely not worth the $49pp ticket price. It seems more geared to adults since a lot of the attractions were bars. But even the stuff that was supposed to be scary wasn't.
Well, Terror Behind the walls  was a fantastic haunted house in a great location. This Halloween Nights rip-off is not worth a free admission let alone $50.   The actual haunted house parts all together was less than 10 minutes. Don't waste your time and money unless you want to buy overpriced drinks and lame themed "lounges".  Pleas go back to the old format, this current thing is abysmal.
They ruined this event. It was a flagship haunted event year after year. Lines around the building. They then cut out more than half the haunted attractions and added what exactly? Projections on the ceiling of a cell block? S'mores? $14 cocktails? I have been coming here diehard for over 10 years this will be my last year. I went tonight and was totally let down. I make the trip from Boston and sadly it's no longer worth it. Bring back terror behind the walls. If you're in the area goto Pennhurst, Bates Motel or Fright Factory instead.
I wish i can rate this 0 stars . all i'm going to say don't waste your time and money , it was not scary at all , every attraction took like 2 minutes to get through and they sent everyone in at the same time. so basically you saw the actors scare everybody in front of you so there was no scary parts at all , everything was anticipated. there was places to drink and eat but everything was terrible and overpriced. a slice of tiny pizza was 8 dollars. honestly i thought this place was going to be worth the drive and amount of money but don't go there. it definitely was a waste
Was better when it was terror behind the walls. This 2021 season was very bad and not scary. I do not recommend
First I'm putting up my review and post again. For some reason my first one was not posted under or my location
If I could give this place a 0 I would.... Being that I have been coming here since 2000 and have really experienced TERROR BEHIND THE WALLS YOU HAVE TOTALLY RUINED THE GREATEST HAUNT EVER!! Let's see..
No fun on the line - remember the scary guy with the rat chasing and scaring people on the line GONE
Gone is the excitement 
Gone are the gargoyles Carson and Frank who should be OUTSIDE IN FRONT WHERE THEY BELONG
Gone is the smear of blood on your face (fake)
Gone is the neon ring around your neck
Gone is being grabbed from your group
Gone are the scary ghoul guards outside on the line
What is this crap you can sit outside and have s'more 
I'm not here for a campout!!!!
Gone are the awesome prison dancers  - their makeup alone was AWESOME 
Gone is the photo you'd take upon entering and a zombie or ghoul would jump and pop in the photo 
Do you really want to waste your time here and who cares about a free drink. That's what bars are for. I'm not here for this or giant lollipop sticks
What a TOTAL DISAPPOINTMENT THIS WAS!!!!! For those of us that have been going since 2020 you know exactly what I mean....this has been a 20yr tradition and sadly we won't be returning till TBTW RETURNS.....
To make b matters worse we were not allowed to enter the last attraction because there were closing it wasn't even 11pm yet and we almost didn't get our photo cause the guy was just a jerk
SO DO NOT RECOMMEND 
You want a scare go to bates motel or Pennhurst asylum or even the headless horseman
if i could give this place a 0 i would....  being that i have been coming here since 2001 and have really experienced TERROR BEHIND THE WALLS you have totally ruined this haunt..  let's see....
no fun on the line - remember the scary guy with the rat
gone are the guards that looked like monsters outside on the line
gone is the excitement
gone are carson and frank who should OUTSIDE WHERE THEY BELONG
gone is the smear of blood on your face
gone is the neon around your neck.
what is this crap you can sit outside and have smore's - i'm so not there to have this campout.
gone are the awesome prison dancers - their make up alone was AWESOME
gone is the photo you would take upon entering and a zombie or ghoul would pop in the photo.
do you really want to waste your time here.  and what is up with the complimemtary drink - i'm not there for that  either or giant lolipops sticks.
what a DISAPPOINTMENT THIS WAS..  for those of us that have been going since 2000 you know exactly what i mean...  this has been a 20yr tradition.  sadly will not be going back till TBTW RETURNS....
wanna have a good scare and fun go to the pennhurst asylum or the bates motel even the headless horsemen was better than this...
NOT RECOMMENDED
and was even told we couldn't enter the last attraction and was almost not given our photo because they were going to close ....  SERIOUSLY
Seriously just wow! I like what was done this year so much, I walked through with a great mindset not expecting it to be the exact same as terror and it was awesome! If you aren't the loser that pays to go to a haunt and then points out the actors ,and uses the safe word when you don't need to then says (that wasn't scary) then this is the place for you. There's now a way to skip the scares if you need to I thought that was nice because my one friend didn't wanna go anymore, she tapped out when the guy in front of us got spooked so good he POOPED his pants in tricks n treats scary hallway! We had an amazing spooky season s'mores and booze filled evening. I learned about the need for action with the increased incarceration rates at the fair chance beer garden. I think it's important to realize what's going on, I think this historical place should never become a Walmart one day. The VIP bars were everything beautiful singing ghouls in the speakeasy and vampires serving you wine? Super cool. The pretty cellblock exit with the lights was a nice walk to take a moment to realize how free we are. Go and enjoy this festival
