I went for an event not a tour. It's sad when you at one point in life lived so close to such an historical gem and had no idea this beauty existed. But maturity can drive a lot if change. I've always been a history buff but now I look for more things that peak my interest locally. On a search for 'mansions in Philadelphia' this mansion as many others in the area have interesting events. This event was unusual, view a movie in the Parlor. I didn't know what to expect but I really enjoyed myself. 

As for the portion of the house I could see, it was impressive. A house with lots good sized of rooms. Each room displayed pre and civil war era decor, As per the time heavy, dark and opulent. I found the staff inviting and edifying. 

I will ensure I visit again for other events and possibly the book club.
I saw a very reasonably priced tour for 4 people on Groupon and purchased it for myself and friends. 

While certainly a mansion, the home was much smaller than I was expecting. Our tour included 10 rooms: parlor, dining area, kitchen, library, mother's day room, mother's bed room, husband's bedroom, husband's bathroom, children's room, and billiards room.  I've toured other family homes including the Ford Family estate in Grosse Pointe, MI (60 rooms) so I think I had different expectations.That's my own fault though for not researching more about the home. Note: you are unable to take photos inside the house, although this seems to be common practice when touring family homes.

The house itself was an interesting piece of history and our tour guide was incredibly informed. Great quality, 5 stars.

The reason the overall score is so low is because of my experience with the Executive Director. Very poor, 0 stars.  I second Celic's comments of interacting with someone rude. My friends and I were waiting for her to process my Groupon payment, so I asked a couple of questions about the family while we waited at the bottom of the stairs. When Joan was in the middle of explaining, the director (who was in another room) snapped at me and said, "If you'd actually give Joan a chance to explain, she'll get to what you're wondering about. So hold your questions until the end." 

It is like she mistook asking a question as an insult to the quality of the tour instead of interest and excitement in what Joan was talking about. 

In case you're reading this- a more gracious way to handle this would be:
1) Explaining before the tour begins to hold questions until the end.
2) A reminder to come from THE TOUR GUIDE using language such as "That's a great question. And we're going to talk about that more when we enter the children's room. So let me know if you have any more unanswered questions about the family at that time."

They have some interesting events that happen throughout the year - and I'm contemplating attending - but frankly the thought of having a possible negative interaction (again) with the director might be enough to keep me from spending more money here.
The "Executive Director" was rude and disrespectful. I discussed my interest and excitement in attending for my birthday. After giving my cc information, I then asked her a couple questions one in particular about late arrivals, she stated I was not interested and that I should not come. I told her I was still interested, and that I was just curious about it; she continued to tell me that I was not to come and that I was uninterested. She then hung up on me. I called her back and I told her that she  was being rude and disrespectful and should not talk to a customer the way she is talking to me. She stated she was done talking to me because she has "never been rude to anyone in her life." She claimed that she was going to cancel my card and it would take a long process ("calling California"). I told her I did not want to cancel AGAIN, and she again stated I was disinterested and that I was not to come. 

My boyfriend knew how much I wanted to attend the event, and so after a couple days, he purchased the tickets for us despite her attitude towards him (unbeknownst to her that he was my boyfriend). We attended and while the volunteered actors/actresses were good, we were rushed out of each room quickly after they gave their spiel and the "murder" was so simple that everyone wrote the same answer. We attended over a week ago and we were not given a prize or a phone call for having the correct answers.  

While the mansion is a historic landmark, we were not able to enjoy the actual landmark because we were not allowed to stay in the rooms to look at the items on the walls or talk to the actors after their 1-3 minute spiels. 

It was an overall unexciting, disappointing trip.
We enjoyed our tour this past weekend, the guide was knowledgable and friendly. The decor and furniture seemed accurate, and I liked how the first and second floors were decorated to represent different periods. The only sour note was when the "Executive Director" rushed into the foyer after the tour began to scold the girl conducting the tour as to whether the front door was locked and if she had warned us not to touch anything. It was completely off-putting and I felt embarrassed for our tour guide.
I'm very glad I finally made it into the Maxwell Mansion, but I hate to say I'm a little underwhelmed. I would recommend a pass though, if you're interested, especially for their events. But what I found most interesting about the mansion is how much it's like the other houses on the street, so I left wondering who built those!

I visited on what I thought was an "Upstairs/Downstairs" tour, but it was about Victorian women. I learned a lot, though, from the tour guides as well as the fellow tour participants. Did you know Louisa May Alcott was from Germantown? 

The house itself was small, but it's well-kept in what looks like historically accurate decorations. (I'm no expert - but it's not modern!) My favorite part was the children's room, home to a meticulously detailed doll house, a mini piano, and other toys. 

They say Philly is a city of neighborhoods, and I'm happy to see people coming to Germantown and enjoying Maxwell Mansion.
Dont let the door hit you on the way out. This is a landmark of historical humor. Aside from being situated in AMAZING Germantown, with all its splendor, this a very insignificant part of history. For the price of the admission to this "mansion", buy a burrito instead, keep out of this "lock your doors" neighborhood", and go to the Betsy Ross House in the city instead. 

History buffs: 90 percent of the artifacts found in this home are being rented from University of the Arts Museum, and close to historically accurate. Portraits of people who never lived in the house, nor were even Philadelphians, or noteable....creepy.
