I've always been a big Edgar Allan Poe fan so of course I had to stop in here and see the house since it said that this was his house I guess why I live in Philadelphia. I was big fan of the city of Philadelphia we had a lot of great experiences in a lot of good fun. So we really enjoyed seeing the raven on the outside of the house is an old rundown looking building of course because it's very old but this was a cool thing to see
We were driving through Philly and randomly saw Poe's house and so we stopped for an impromptu visit. The house is a National Historic site. There is a gift shop which you see upon entry and exit. In the gift shop sits a park ranger, several of Poe's books, t-shirts and many other keepsakes. 

Guests will see history of Poe's life displayed upon entry. There is also a reading room and a movie room. Tours are available and will likely enhance the overall experience of visiting the house. Otherwise, one can roam freely through each room and check out where Poe wrote some of his most famous literature. There is not a lot to see or read beyond the first floor. The restroom facilities and water fountain are in the basement. Overall, if you are a fan of Poe, this is certainly worth the visit if you happen to be in Philadelphia, otherwise you can experience Poe through his literature. 

The rangers are super friendly and wecoming. They are eager to offer suggestions and answer questions. We had a wonderful time on our improvement visit!
This is not just the Poe House - this is, in fact, the Edgar Allan Poe National Historic Site - an official, federally-run (using your tax dollars) site designated by Congress to honor the legacy of one of the country's most important writers. If that doesn't impress you, keep in mind there are only five such author's homes supported by the National Park Service.

Poe lived in this home for only about a year but it serves as a reminder of his 5 or 6 years in Philadelphia - his most productive, most financially successful, and happiest years during his short life. In Philly, he wrote "The Black Cat," "The Tell-Tale Heart," "The Pit and the Pendulum" and many of his other now-classics.

None of his original furnishings remain and the historians that work here have no evidence for what it looked like while he lived here. Committed to historical accuracy, the Park Service chose not to make it up - instead they have left the home completely bare, allowing visitors to use their imaginations (appropriate, considering the man who lived here). The folks who are upset when they see empty rooms are missing the point (and might be more upset when they hear "this is just representative furniture, not really Poe's").

Please, to maximize your experience, don't skip the introductory video that explains (accurately) Poe's life. They ignore the BS that's out there (i.e. that Poe was a drug addict which, for cryin' out loud, is not true nor has it ever been, despite people perpetuating it) and tell a great story. Also, don't bother doing the self-guided tour. If you go all the way out there, take advantage of the scholars that work there (some have been there for 15+ years) - they know more than you and they're there for a reason. To put it simply: TAKE THE RANGER-LED TOUR. They offer them every hour. You'll learn, if nothing else, that he didn't really write a lot of horror stories - that's just what teachers happen to assign in class.

Admission is free - to say it is worth the visit is an understatement.

Some info in other reviews here is incorrect: his wife did not die here (she died in NY) and he did not write "The Raven" here.

Quick note on the neighborhood - definitely not the best area, definitely a longish less-than-scenic walk from the Independence Hall area, so take a cab or a bus or drive. I've visited this site literally dozens of times and never had my car stolen or vandalized but, obviously, be smart about your car.
If you like old, empty historical landmarks, then you're in luck! Here's the scoop: I love me some EAP. Being a writer and an admirer of all things spooky, I have a soft spot in my partially charred heart for the old guy. But this house is kinda a dud. Other than one room (the parlor, which stands out like a sore, over-decorated thumb), the place is totally empty. The walls are bare, the floors are bare, the allure is bare. The only thing that sort of saved it was the 7 minute film that talks about his life in vague detail (I wanna know how he died in the gutter during a mysterious pit stop in Baltimore when he was en route to Philly - what does a girl have to do to get some details on this tour?), the raven statue outside and the creepy cellar.  Whaa whaa...maybe when they're done with the remodel it will be a bit more interesante. Fingers crossed!
I remember reading "The Cask of Amontillado" in middle school and being blown away.  Poe exemplified the mystery genre to me, and from then on I was hooked.

The house on 7th Street in Philadelphia is where Poe, his wife Virginia, and his beloved mother-in-law, Muddy, lived for a stretch during their six years in the city.  The house is a bit off the beaten tourist path, but we were able to walk it from Independence Park just fine (a little under a mile).  It's a definite must-visit destination for any Poe fan.

The site is now maintained by the NPS which means that your visit is free.  There's a self-guided tour of the small abode as well as a brief video about Poe and his time in Philadelphia -- it's believed he began work on "The Raven" here.  The Rangers at this historic site are quite knowledgeable as well and enhance the overall experience.

The Park Service has opted not to refurbish the home in period furniture which creates a supremely creepy and Poe-ish atmosphere.  The empty rooms resonate with the eerie presence of those former residents and their literary companions: that cursed raven, Roderick and Madeline Usher, Pluto the cat.  The house settles and creaks, the floorboards groan, and the steps sigh as you walk through the tight quarters . . .

. . . "tear up the boards!  here, here!--It is the beating of his hideous heart!"
I think you should check it out.  

I wasn't going to at first, based on other's review of the ghetto, sketchy neighborhoods and possibility of having my car stolen, etc.  However, since I am coming from NYC and I had just spent the prior day wandering a large part of Philly I couldn't wait to see this "ghetto". 

So, off we went into the dangerous parts of Philly *shudder* on foot I would like to add *eek*.  Um, would I live there?  No, probably not.  Did I think I was going to get shot?  No way.  It's absolutely fine.  

And worth it.  IMO the best part is that you are allowed to wander the ENTIRE house ALONE.  I cannot stand when you go to see an old house like this and you are only permitted to see a few rooms or to peer in from the hallway.  This place not only lets you show yourself around, they encourage you to to look in the closets, touch things (lol), stay and read for a while.  

They have a reading room with all of Poe's works and many other books a Poe lover will enjoy.  You are invited to stay, read, make yourself comfortable.   

Last and not least they have water fountains and restrooms.  Always a plus for tourists.   

I am not sure if Poe would approve of this inviting atmosphere but you will certainly be glad for it.
What a pleasant surprise! I was a bit hesitant to come here after reading a few of the reviews but I am so glad that I did. 

Edgar Allan Poe only lived in this house for a year, but it is still a lovely place for his museum. I must admit the Park Rangers absolutely made the trip for me though. They were so sweet and nice and full of interesting information! Plus they had a whole list of cab companies for me to call when it was time to leave and I needed a ride. 

There is a 8 (or 15, I can't remember) minute short film about Mr. Poe by the entrance and is well worth a watch! It definitely gives you background and was very interesting (none of that boring stuff). I'll admit I haven't read his work since school but my mother is an avid reader of his works and just ooooed and ahhhhed over the info they shared since it was still fresh on her mind. Side note, even if you don't know his work, you would still probably find it interesting. He was a very fascinating man! Even if his life story is sad...and full of loss :( Plus think of all the new knowledge and anecdotes you can share at dinner parties! You can sound smart (my go-to trick)!

The actual house if empty of furniture but the stories and background make up for it. Plus it is just cool to see such an old house...and he lived there...and wrote there...my inner literary and history buff was geeking out. 

Definitely go here if you have some time. It was one of my favorite stops during my Philadelphia trip!
(to anyone who got nothing out of this house: be glad. and be on your way. that's all anyone can hope for.)

i made it out of here.
but it was a coin toss between (heads) walking and (tails) passing out and falling down the stairs. 
but if i have no blood in my head or air in my lungs, i do have hand railings.
and it was heads, bitches!
i'm not going back. i don't test my luck like that.
I love the fact that Philadelphia has plenty of historic spots to visit like Historic Philadelphia, The Art Museum, and The Betsy Ross House. But my idea of a good historic spot is a place where a famous writer penned a lot of his classics. and Philadelphia has the Edgar Allen Poe House!

This place is the only surviving residence in Philadelphia where Poe has lived and created a lot of his classics. It is now fully converted into a museum about him and his classic works. it is open from 9am to 5pm Wednesday through Thursday. and the best part about it - admission is FREE! 

On Thursday October 25th they are going to have an evening candlelight tour that focuses on some of his classic horror stories. It's going to be $10 but very worth it. they are also going to have a big event for his 199th birthday in January.
fuck, i actually did come back here, like 2 weeks after i wrote that review.
but of course i didn't go into the house part. i'm not a masochist. the gift shop was bad enough, being forced to wait for my tourist friends who happened to see that huge edgar allan poe mural on the side of the road and insist we stop here instead of the perfectly good bar (with pool table) that i recommended, and who were probably bored like all the other reviewers. this whole place makes me physically ill. 
what. the. fuck. is. wrong. with. these. people.
at a certain point in the tour, our guide told us that mr. poe and his young wife owned a pet while they lived here.  it was a calico cat, and the cat's name was catarina.  

it was halfway through the tour, and i kept thinking to myself "well, maybe one of his children named the cat."  then, as if reading my thoughts, a person asked if poe had any children.  the guide said no.  i kept wondering how how poe, a creative force of his time, could have given his cat such an uncreative name.  then i kept thinking about what he might have named his dog, had he owned one.  woofington?  barkly?  

i liked our tour guide.  he was very friendly and upbeat.  i also liked the wall that contained "poe's valentines", which consisted of poems poe wrote to the women in his life, including pictures of the women that scholars think they were written for.  i should have asked why he didn't use their real names in any of the poems, but i forgot to.

but really, all i could think about from that point of the tour on was his poorly named cat.
If you are looking for a little history and are on a budget, check out the Edgar Allan Poe House in Philly. In the Northern Liberties, the historical site is the former residence of the American literary figure when he lived in the city back in the 1800s. 

It's an unassuming house on the street. When you walk up to the door, you ring the doorbell and someone will let you in. Once inside, you'll see some displays with artifacts and information about the writer. Rangers will greet you and suggest that you watch an intro film before exploring the house. 

The rangers also give a tour of the property, where you can check out all of the rooms and they'll tell you about each room and what life was like in the neighborhood and city at the time. At the end of the tour, you can check out the little library in the back of the building and listen to audio recordings of Poe's work and look at original manuscripts. 

I recommend it if you are into Poe, literature, and history. Plus, admission is free. What beats that?! Check it out!
The Poe house is very much a B-List place in the world of the NPS and when you see where it is and how small the house is that will become apparent very quickly.

But with that said, if you can use your imagination a bit it can still be a winner as the displays are very well put together and Poe the man and his life were such oddities that the more you find out the less you understand.

A few noteworthy tips if you go:

The area around the house is shady at best and if you do walk from CC or make the walk from the Market-Frankfurt Blue Line just simply watch your back as the locals are "interesting" at best.  As other reviewers already remarked, there is zero in the neighborhood to do except for maybe get shot or stabbed.

You can't just enter the house.  There is a sign on the door that tells you to knock first.
They do this because if you come first thing when they open apparently there is only one ranger there and if they are in another part of the house they won't be at the door to greet you.  (And it probably has something to do with the locals as well.)

If you do show up when only one ranger is on duty they will not offer the guided house tour.  

The house is free but the 1st floor has a well done short movie and various displays explaining Poe's life and all of his struggles and the strange circumstances surrounding his death.

Floors two and three are unfurnished and simply show where the members of the house likely lived while the basement does it's best at being creepy.

Overall the price is right and if you can break away from the more well worn touristy path of history in/around Independence Hall you can definitely find something that is very different and very well put together at the Poe House.

Hours:  Wednesday - Sunday 9am - 5pm 
(The house will be closed from  March 1, 2013 through June 30, 2013 for restoration work.)
One of the stops on the "Visiting Little Brother Tour" of 2007. I was SUPER stoked to have gone here. I agree with Bill M, about this place; "a good historic spot being the place where a famous writer penned a lot of his classics." It is mostly bare rooms, but the staff here are mighty friendly, and it's exciting to have been able to walk the halls good Ol' Edgar walked. My dad was an English teacher, we tend to get more excited about literature than US government.  My little brother and I made the silly mistake of walking to this place from Rittenhouse Square, so we took quite the scenic route; through the city, past a few museums, past a really rad miniature golf course, under the overpass, past some screaming hobos, past a burned out  street corner with police tape, by the red cross, past a "terrorist hunter", and into the projects. Quite an interesting area. I would take a car there. Tee hee. The Raven statue outside and the Edgar Allen Poe mural on the house across the street are total must sees. But take your car.
It's a little off the beaten path, but I don't live very far from here and we thought it would be worth checking out today.

First, it's free. So you don't feel obliged to spend all day there, you can spend as much or as little time as you like.  

Second, in a small space they have really packed in a lot of facts about Poe.  

Third, you are free to roam the house, even the basement!  You can definitely imagine the cask of amontillado taking place down there.

Fourth, they were advertising tours every hour on the hour, but I imagine it varies based on the ranger working and the volume of visitors.  My boyfriend and I showed up and were the only one there for almost 30 minutes.  The ranger was super nice, really friendly and basically gave us a private tour.  He was so enthusiastic about this being the only of Poe's homes in Philadelphia to be preserved. 

I thought it was really interesting, and right down the street from me.  If you want to see the unique things Philly has to offer I think this is one of them.
This may have been the most unexciting historical landmark I have ever visited. From the 8 minute documentary film to the empty rooms, I was totally underwhelmed.

Maybe my hopes were too high, but this place is really just bla. It felt like we were looking at real estate, rather than exploring the earthly leavings of a gothic master. I guess it comes down to curating. There are many way one could go about presenting a piece of history and Poe's house managed to avoid all of them.

Looking for a spooky good time? Read some Poe by firelight and skip his house.
Is there a better tourist attraction in Philly for 3 English majors, 2 of whom also happen to be English teachers? No. There's not. And not just because Edgar Allan Poe! But because FREE! We're teachers, we're poor!

I enjoyed this self guided tour, and I especially enjoyed the basement, which may or may not have inspired Poe's writing of The Black Cat. So cool.

Yes, the house is unfurnished. Seems like a some yelpers had a problem with that. I don't know, seems like it added to the Poe spookiness for me.

The tour also inspired me to download the Complete Works of Edgar Allan Poe on my kindle, & that's also a good thing. Yay more reading!
Nifty little museum in a neighborhood slightly north of the typical historical attractions (liberty bell, constitution museum, independence hall). No charge for tickets. Knock once and a park ranger will answer the door and set up a short 8 min film about Poe's life for you. Watch the film... It's a great summary of what you should expect on the rest of the tour and overview of his biography!

Our visit was self-guided though I believe they do guided tours at specific times in the afternoon. You pick up a brochure and follow the directions to enter each of the rooms. No furniture or period pieces in the rooms; just a few print outs with various historical details. There's a reading room downstairs decorated a la Poe though, and a interactive room with some cute little puzzles for kids to solve. 

Plan for 30-60 min to see everything. Pretty inspiring to see all the authors Poe influenced.
While there isn't a whole lot here, it is free and combined with the video highlighting Poe's life that alone is enough.  A cute giftshop and a chance to experience what it was like to live in a (very small) home during Poe's lifetime are plusses, minuses would include the sketchy neighborhood.

Friendly guides, a self guided tour, and relative freedom to wander at your leisure - I wouldn't call it a "must see," but then again there are very few National Historic Sites dedicated to author's homes and as such it is on a short list highlighting some of the most important writers in our nation's history.
All right, I'll be honest. I would never have stopped by this place had I not just spent $9 on the National Parks Passport I bought from one of the gift stores nearby. I hope this doesn't start a new obsession, but if it does, at least it will be a good learning experience. Anyways, everyone knows about or at least has heard of Edgar Allan Poe from his famous (infamous?) short stories and poems. Apparently, he spent some time here in Philadelphia where he wrote some of his most notable works. This house is located in an area where you wouldn't expect to find a National Parks monument. There's no public transportation that is particularly close by so you'll have to walk the majority of the way. Don't cry... I did it in the rain. That's how dedicated I was.

Be aware, though, that they are only open from the middle to the end of the week. You'll step inside, be greeted by a park ranger and are shown a 10 min video about Poe's life. Then you go through the old rickety house that is not only old but bare. There's a small "museum" that details his life and a small, very small souvenir store by the entrance. You'll find your National Parks Cancellation there... it's like collecting Yelp badges... but worse
I majored in English and grew up near Philadelphia. I found the tour guides here to be extremely engaging, knowledgeable, and helpful. My aunt and I walked here on a hot day and as soon as we came in, the tour guides were kind enough to direct us to the bathrooms and water fountain. They were kinder and more informative than most guides at historic sites in the area.

The self-guided tour was also pretty informative and I enjoyed the eight minute film about Poe and his life. The gift shop (proceeds help keep the place running) actually has some reasonably-priced items. I got a book of poems and a poster for less than ten bucks. 

The only reason this tourist attraction doesn't get five stars is its unfortunate location. It's about four blocks too far north to be a 'safe' neighborhood. I recommend taking a cab here and back, though a SEPTA bus does run locally too (and it's less expensive). Do not drive here unless you want your car stolen.

You have to actually knock on the door to get in.

I wanted a picture of the mural next to the building, but I saw a drug deal going down over there so I stayed away. 

A bum walked by and said: "Nevermore! Nevermore!" so the spot is at least...interactive?

Don't miss the raven sculpture out front. It's within the gated area so you won't be disturbed. It's creepy.
One of Philly's numerous historical gems; plus it's free.

Located between Spring Garden and housing projects, the Edgar Allan Poe house is a must see destinations for locals and tourists.

The house is very well preserved from the time Poe lived here and wrote the Black Cat and a few other classics. 

Be sure to watch the movie in the small theater to learn more about Poe's life and history.

As an added plus, there is plenty of free parking on the neighboring streets or you can use a $5 lot nearby.

The only negative I can think of is the hours; I assume due to recent federal budget cuts, the Poe house is only open a few days a week.

Also the Rangers who work there are very kind.
Very cool for any Edgar Allen Poe enthusiasts out there. Although the author lived in this 7th Street home for only a year a half, he created many of his most famous works while in residence, including "The Telltale Heart." 

Don't expect any frills when you visit, though. After a short film on Poe's life, a friendly park ranger hands you a two-sided handout to guide you through the building's mostly bare rooms--a foyer, kitchen, bedrooms belonging to his wife and stepmother, and the room where Poe likely labored over some of his best-known stories and poems. 

I wouldn't consider this a comprehensive museum of his life and works by any means, but for Poe fans like me, it's enough to imagine the beloved storyteller walking these very floors (yes, supposedly most of the flooring here is original) and looking out from these windows at mid-19th-century Philadelphia. What's more, admission is free, and there's plenty of street parking.  

A note: According to the National Park Service Web site, the Poe House  will be closed from Dec. 1 through mid-January 2009 while a new exhibit commemorating the bicentennial of Poe's birth is installed.
Fantastic and free! If you're an EAP fan, this is definitely worth a visit.

The rooms of the house themselves aren't thattt interesting, since Poe only lived there a short time and so there's not too much to say about any particular room. However, you can walk yourself through for about a 15-min guided tour. 

The real fun comes in the rooms by the entrance where there's a ton more information about Poe's life and works. My favorite was the back room which was decorated in dark maroon and wood furniture, like a living room from decades ago. It's FILLED with tons of books- many short story compilations, some by Poe and some by other authors, some eerie and some not. I spent almost 45 minutes in there just sitting and reading.

The mini gift shop has some fun things to choose from and it's pretty win-win to get a cool Poe poster while simultaneously supporting a free national historic site.

Worth the visit! Make sure you check out the EAP mural on the building opposite the house.
Not worth the stop! Was excited about seeing this place. Disappointment. Just a building that needs major work. Paintings and banners on walls of what it may have looked like. Seller was creepy.
This attraction is way underrated and under-visited (there were like two other people while I was there, on a Sunday over long weekend). 

The curator was very friendly and attentive, made sure I knew where I was supposed to go on the self-guided tour. The house is unfurnished save for the reading room but there are paintings put up around the house to aid your imagination on what went on in each room. 

I didn't watch the video (I got a goldfish-esque attention span) but I did a visual sweep of the lobby - a timeline that chronicles Poe's biography and the history of the house, a display that recounts Poe's domestic and international influences on various authors, an audio guide on Poe's style that you can follow along with a booklet. Very informative and fascinating. 

My favourite part of the house was the cellar, which was EXACTLY like how I had pictured it when I read the Black Cat. Kinda creepy. If a black cat scampered across the floor I would have yelped and then bolted.

Also, entry is FREE, and within walking distance to Old City. Definitely worth checking out.
An extra star for being FREE and the fact that you can wander the house at your leasure.

The guides are very nice, they also show a short film and have a small giftshop.

Its great getting to see the inside of an old home in Philly, since most of them still look like this.

The area is a bit seedy but the home well kept on the outside with a fairly large yard, oddly enough a cat was running through the house and yard looking exactly like his did which added to the charm.

Worth checking out if you are in Philly, this will not take long as the house is tiny but very educational and interesting stop.
I'm only reviewing the outside!  To my dismay, he house was closed when we tried to visit!  I think it's only open Friday-Sunday.  We were there on Monday.  It seemed to be an interesting place.  The picture of Poe on the building next to it was awesome!  I'm writing this review just to warn you to check it's hours of operation before you go.  Don't assume it's open everyday like most national parks.
Excellent. 

1) Poe is one of my favorite American authors. Had to make a visit. 
2) Before entering the house there is a crow, very nice to take pics. 
3) The museum is free. Worth a visit.
One of the best attractions to visit in the city if you're a fan of literature, poetry or the mysterious. There's no entrance fee but there is a small gift shop where clothing and memorabilia is available for purchase.

Exhibits include a short video presentation, self paced exploration through each room, guided tours and a dark and spooky reading room to further delve into his works.
There is such an eerie, misunderstood beauty in this quaint house that you can't find anywhere else in the city. I first came here back in high school while waiting for a concert at The Electric Factory, and walking through Poe's house actually inspired me to read more of his work. You can see the features of the house that may have inspired some stories, which is the coolest part aside from it being free!
Free guided tours and you can wander around at your leisure. There's street parking and it's located about 2 miles north of Independence Hall.
Free site that does a good job of providing a basic education on Edgar Allan Poe's life and career.

We visited on a Sunday afternoon and it wasn't too crowded. Would recommend watching the film (about 8 minutes) for an overview of Poe's life and then spending some time reading the panels in the exhibition area on the main floor. 

The house itself is unfurnished and not too exciting -- each room is super bare bones and has just one panel describing what it was likely used for when Poe was in residence. We wandered through the house quickly before going back to the main floor, looking around the gift shop, and stamping our NPS passports. The park rangers were notably knowledgable and excited to discuss Poe and answer questions.

This site is worth visiting if you're a fan of EAP and/or American literature. Otherwise, it's educational and free -- interesting place to stop in if you have time, but there are other more compelling sites in Philly.
I probably wouldn't have even considered coming here if it were not for my other hobby of letterboxing. I'm really glad we got to stop by. It's nice to visit a National Park for free and no line! 

Start off with the 8 min video. It gave us a really concise overview of Poe's life and all his struggles (and successes). The exhibits were not too overwhelming with information, and there were definitely kid-friendly parts. The self-tour around the house was also pretty interesting. 

Overall, you could probably spend about 30min-1hour here and get a good experience. The gift shop has a lot of cute stuff, too. 

P.S. The rangers were very informative -- not only on the Poe house but also gave us some tips regarding Independence Hall and other tours!
My bf and I went here, and thought it was a nice place. For one thing, it's free which is always a good thing. When you first walk in, the security guard explains to you where every room is located, and where the pamplets with info and a map of the house are. Your free to walk in every room by yourself and spend as much time there as you want. The rooms are poorly taken care of, but it's still intresting to stand where Edgar Allen Poe once stood. Theres tons of books to read there with his stories in them, and your free to take as many pictures as you want. You can walk outside to see the front and the back yard. You are able to walk through every floor of the house. The cellar was the most intresting part. It's never been remodeled and still has the original fire place. The downside of this place is there tons of giant spiders throughout every floor, espically the cellar. Watch your head when you walk through the cellar cause you don't want a spider to get caught in your hair. It's a good place to spend some time and see where Edgar Allen Poe once lived.
There's not much more to say that hasn't been said except that given the miserable way that he went wandering aimlessly in the streets of Baltimore, it is nice to be able to visit the house of a man who left such an extraordinary literary and cultural legacy. Definitely try to get there before dark - the original part of the house does not use any electricity.
3.5 stars...Even though Poe only lived here for a year or two this is where he wrote a number of his classics like the Raven and where his wife passed away. The house is free of charge to check out and that is why they don't make the money necessary to do anything with it like create a museum portion or recreate any of the rooms the way they might have been. This is just a honestly bare house with peeled paint and cracked plaster and a simple laminated sheet telling you what each room was when Poe lived there. Not really worth the trip unless you have a real Poe obsession, and even then you might be a tad disappointed.
This place is awesome! Admission is free and they offer a short film presentation about Poe's life and career (not the most exhilarating video but hey, its free so why not?). The actual tour of the house is quite brief but it's still fascinating, especially if you're a fan of Poe's work. Plus, there's a little gift shop at the entrance of the house that offers some pretty cool Poe-themed memorabilia. If you're in Philly, check this place out.
Very small house when Poe lived there, he only lived in that house for a year, but he wrote the short story "The Black Cat" in this house and my friend was very weary about stepping into the Basement. I thought it was interesting and it's under rennovation, but the staff is very nice and helpful and you can walk around on your own with a little map they hand to you.
Visiting this house was a more impulsive decision to include in my Philly weekend trip with my husband.  But I'm glad we did it.  

We ended up walking to it from city center, and it does take time despite being a mile or two away north from major attractions.  I'll caution you that other than the House, not much else is around the neighborhood to see.  So, if you do walk, just be patient with the distance and know it's isolated.

Now - about the actual house.  It's the only one in Philly that's connected to Poe that remains.  I admit, to walk through the property, you'll find bare rooms.  But it's a piece of history, so I didn't feel it was a waste of time.  The highlights were the film you can watch before touring the property, going up narrow staircases, and the basement.  This place may not be for everyone, but I'm glad I went.
Really? Best part about this place is down the street. The murals on the walls are more exciting than this house. 

I'm a big fan of Poe, and had big hopes, they were dashed. I can definitely see why its free, there is nothing inside! Actually, there were two creepy stuffed monkies in a closet. They were not noted as being particularly Poe-ian though. No tour was offered. It was nice to be in the house where Poe lived, but something needs to be done here. Make it even slightly authentic to the 1800s?

Don't think its worth a ride out really, but feel free if you just want to be in the place where Poe lived for a brief period.
I felt like I stepped back into history. Knock once, and a ranger will open the door. These rangers are extremely knowledgeable and pleasant. We were advice to watch a 30 minute film before proceeding to the rest of the house. the film tells you a little about Poe's life; which appeared to be tragic in line with his writings. There is a small interactive corner for children, and there is a nice recreated room for adults to read. You can go downstairs to the creepy basement. The backyard has a really neat raven statue. I really enjoyed my short stay at this location. However, the house is situated in a sketchy area, so I subject being careful about where you park and leaving your belongings visible in the car.
I felt this was a must experience. It was free and that was a bonus. It is not handicapped accessible so if you can't walk stairs, just drive by to see the house. The house is very small, but still worth a quick visit.
I loved this place. There wasn't a ton to see, I will say that, but there was a nice informative short film in the beginning. You can get a tour but we chose to wander amongst ourselves. I loved that you can actually walk into his original  house which is the back half of this building. The courtyard is pretty and across the street is a mural of Poe. The store has some cute stuff and there is a tiny museum type room with interactive stuff and a timeline. I am glad this is so close to home and I the people who work here are very informative.
This was one of the most intriguing tours and visits I've ever visited for free! The well-preserved house sits on a ghostly corner of a Philadelphia street, almost as if it is inviting visitors to come on in. The tour guide was very enthused, energetic and passionate about Poe and his literary works, which really made my visit worthwhile. The cellar really caught my interest because it was very dark, gloomy, and full of inspired references to some of Poe's work. Due to the tour guide's wonderful fact checks and story telling, I was able to picture all of the stories unfold as he spoke. The house has many rooms, with a story to tell about each room. You really will be enraptured by the stories, the history and the look of this beautiful house. If you are a Poe fan, brace yourself, you will not be disappointed!
If you're a fan of Edgar Allen Poe, or if you just enjoy the literary works of writers from any century, this is definitely a place to check out. Oh, and by the way, it's free! 

When you first walk into the museum, you are walking into, what I believe is, the former neighboring home. Located there is the gift shop, along with a timeline that shows what was going on in Poe's life, as well as the world, at the time. There, you will also find some cool Poe trivia.

Once you step into the next room (on the left), you are stepping into the House of Usher (jk, it's Poe's). The museum offers a 15ish minute video presentation. I highly recommend it. It's a quick recap of Poe's life, and details of some of his work. 

The museum has a self-guided tour (which we did) that takes you around the house, via a sheet guide. It was really easy to understand, and it took you all over the house, through the front yard, and even into the eerie basement filled with cobwebs.

Whether you're a fan of poetry, a literary buff, a history buff, or none of the above, Edgar Allen Poe's house is definitely a place to check out. It's really close to downtown Philly, and it's free! You definitely won't be disappointed if you visit.
Waste of time.  If you're interested, you can pretty much drive by and take a picture.  I don't know, maybe the INSIDE is more interesting but judging by the other YELP reviews, not likely.     One of our friends was really interested in going so we parked (found a meter spot) and walked over.  Turns out it was closed on Mondays (woops, our fault).  But we read the plaque outside that said he actually only lived there for one year anyway.  Seemed kind of boring.  But maybe this isn't a fair review since I didn't go inside.  The area is also kind of sketchy so be careful or go with a tall six foot five inch tall person.
I hadn't been to this place since the 8th grade. My husband had never been here and was dying to go. So, we decided to go on a Sunday afternoon. 

When we walked in, there were only about six other people lingering around in the house. One of the employees (a friendly woman in her mid 50's) greeted us and told us that the tour was free and that we can use cameras. After about 5 minutes, she led us to a room where an 8-minute film was to be played. 

The film was very basic and gave you a general idea of the life of Poe. After the film, the same woman took us on a tour of the house.

The woman was very engaging, pleasant and knew her Poe history. 

If you are a Poe fan and are in the city of Philadelphia (whether you live here or are visiting), I recommend that you stop by this house. There is also merchandise available for purchase.
Awesome staff. Very knowledgeable. Probably not for young kids but those that have read Poe will enjoy.
This was a lot of fun and very informative. Very interesting to be able to walk around the house of Edgar Allan Poe, an American writer, editor, and literary critic. 
In some parts of the house there is a creepy vibe. We were so nosey that we discovered a loose floor board in one of the bedrooms- not gonna give away what we found but we did get startled and had a good laugh about it.
We always make a point to stop at National Historic sites during our travels. 
We were in Philadelphia for the day passing through and stopped at several Historic sites. I was really excited to go to the EAP House. 
I know a lot about his works but very little about the man himself. 
Upon arriving, there's a sign on the door that says to knock once. 
My wife used the door knocker and the door opened slowly and a park ranger welcomed us in.
The ranger was very nice and explained that there was a short film and the rest was a self guided tour. 
They were there to answer any questions we had. 
We watched the short film and proceeded on our tour. 
The house is actually a duplex. On the side you are welcomed into was the neighbors side and that's where the gifts and books are along with a timeline of his time in Philly. 
The other side was EAP's home. 
He only lived here for 6 months. He did write 3 pieces while he lived here. 
When we started our tour we went into a room straight out of the film room and it was just a beat up plaster wall room with holes down to the wooden lath.
At this time is when we heard one of the rangers telling another guest that there was nothing at all in this building that belonged to Edgar Allen Poe.
You go on the neighbor's side and it seemed like the rangers were more excited to tell people that this is the way the neighbors home may have looked. It was at least set up with nice period pieces. EAP's side was just deteriorating walls. 
There was no period pieces or anything. Just empty rooms. 
At that point our visit was done. 
I have been to a lot of National Parks and National Historic Sites all over the country and have never been to one that was just empty walls. 
You would think that they would try to acquire a desk, or a chair, or even a pen that he used during his lifetime to say "hey, this was EAP's"
I gave this 3 stars because I did learn some things about EAP that I didn't know before. 
Unless you're a EAP fanatic, you can skip this site. 
There are a lot more sites to visit in Philadelphia that will teach you more than the EAP home.
So glad we stopped here! The ranger was such a fun storyteller and really madr the experience wonderful. There wasn't too much to see within the house but it was fun to hear about Poe's inspiration and thrilling to hear a scary story in the basement. A fun part was also hearing chris walken read The Raven in the sitting room:)
Sí, acá fue una de las tantas casas del gran Edgar Allan Poe, la cual hoy en día es un lindo museo al cual se puede visitar de manera gratuita.

En sí, esto se trata de recorrer las instalaciones de esta vieja y tenebrosa casa donde vivió tal genio de la literatura, la cual en forma de museo nos irá señalando y explicando diversos tópicos sobre la vida del artista.

El espacio en sí es chiquito y se recorre rápido, por lo que si estan en Philadelphia y les sobran unos minutos es de sumo interés. También hay un shop para comprar algún que otro recuerdo.
Edgar Allen Poe House...just ok. Kind of a boring tour, empty inside, nothing that great.  Poe lived here for a little while.  It's not like he was born and raised here.  If you are a National Park completist, like me, then it is worth the trip.  Otherwise, with all of the incredibly historic places in Philadelphia, the EAP House is skippable and definitely not worth going out of your way to see.  Hey, how 'bout that raven statue...how 'bout it...
Absolutely awesome Historic site to visit. They do run an 8 minute introduction talk before you head into the house proper. You can take a guided or self guided tour. If you choice self guided your given a laminate that explains each room you enter. 

The rooms are not in good shape and all except for the Sitting room are not furnished if that matters to some people. I just kept thinking over & over that I'm walking where Poe once walked and slept and ate. All very fascinating and very enjoyable.

The Park Ranger that was there for my visit was super kind and helpful in answering my questions.
