If you like "like cheap and best" you have come to the right place

So effin' good, and so effin' cheap!! I had the house roasted chicken with white rice and beans, and the mofongo. Let's start with the chicken: they were running a five dollar lunch special, which was more than enough to fill me up. The chicken was roasted to perfection, good and garlicky. The beans were nicely flavored and salted. But the highlight of the meal was the mofongo. Now if you are familiar with mofongo, a cake made of mashed plantains and garlic, you know that it can come across dense and bland. This mofongo was transcendent. It was so light, and so garlicky. Dipped in the beef broth with which it is served, the dish became mouth watering.

So... anytime you find yourself up on Castor Ave. stop by El Provocon, eat like a prince, pay like a pauper.
Sooooo... they are opening a new location at Bustleton & Hendrix and with the anticipation of this we decided to go to this location to scope out the food. Really disappointed. All the food with the exception of the yucca was dry. They seem to specialize in rotisserie chicken so we got a whole one. It was dry without a lot flavor and the skin was burnt & bitter. I mean the white meat was like chewing paper pulp dry & flavorless. The Spanish rice was also dried out as was the mufungo. I suspect they cook all of this stuff early in the day so it dries out by evening. They will have to seriously step up their game because even if it is super cheap people in the Somerton area won't eat dry flavorless chicken when there are so many other options available.
Walk in first thing I smell isn't food but fabolouso.. Food taste great my only issue was when my fiancé asked for a refill of juice she ddnt say it was free.. so we were charged $6 other than that no problems. I'll be back
I loveeee coming to get food from this place. I like the half chicken with yellow rice combo or the pork chops with yellow rice. Sometimes the meat turns out to be too tough to eat. They all come with a salad and a water on the side. The food is incredibly delicious and definitely worth the prices.
Just updating now from 4/3/17.
They are very kind here and yes, they can understand English. The food is best eaten when hot and on the same day.
My family and I usually do take out from El Provocon, Castor location, and most often, service is acceptable. I do think that their hostess/waitress can be a little bit more friendly. While I understand that there may be a language barrier at times, a friendly smile and a thank you goes a long way. 

However, today we were most certainly disappointed with their service. My husband and I placed an order to go and were told it would take 25 minutes. We let half a hour go by before going, only to be told when we arrived that our order was never sent to the kitchen. They told us it would take another 20 minutes. The girl who took my order over the phone apologized, and said it was because they had customers in the restaurant and they are normally taken care off first. I find that unacceptable and rude. I don't understand why they didn't have the decency to call to let me know that they were busy and our order would be prolonged. 

We have been eating at this particular location for the last 5-6 years and hope that this does not happen again. 

Please work on your service.
Lunch special is the best !!! Its only 5 bucks.
Especially, the steamed rice with beans, chicken, and side of some salad. Comes along with a water bottle as well.
The food tastes fresh and homemade. Can't ask much for that price. It would be nice if they make that a SPECIAL available during the whole day.
You get big tasty portions with lil side salade and a bottle of water for less than 10 bux . This ain't Beverly hills .perfect for the hard working man .
thier pernil wasnt that great at all the meat was poorly marinated i was dissapointed with it because i was really forward to it
If you go here, eat it right away. It tastes horrible if you have to reheat it and it becomes too dry. The chicken is good, rice mediocre. Nothing special. If you're white, you'll stand out like a sore thumb and they'll help all the Spanish people before you even if you were there first. Very uncomfortable.
Didn't even get a chance to order anything because soon as I walked in this place the woman behind the counter was just staring at me....kept staring at me and never walked over to take my order. Then the phone rings so she answers it and once she hung up she came from behind the counter to chit chat with a woman that was eating at a table....All while i was standing there waiting to be serviced...Eventually I just asked a guy that was eating at the counter could he pass me a takeout menu and I left..
Really good, authentic food! The lunch special is a ton of food, I usually get the roasted chicken with yellow rice. It comes with the tastiest roasted chicken, yellow rice has pigeon peas, small salad, and bottle of water, all for under five bucks!! It's a ton of food, really really good food, I always leave full and satisfied. The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because the service is spotty-- I don't speak Spanish and the servers' first language is clearly Spanish. The girls are very nice, I never wait long either, I just feel like I can't really communicate if I wanted a complicated order or anything. Now I always order my food ahead of time and pick it up. 

The price can't be beat and you're getting quality food, I live in Abington and I can only get fast food for the price of their lunch special. The half chicken and rice platter at dinner is like 8 dollars and you get A TON of food, I spend the same 8 dollars in my neighborhood for shit food or a tiny portion of good food. El Provocon is worth the drive!
The food was okay it wasn't that good and the flavors weren't as good. And the customer service wasn't so great either. The workers treated you like they didn't even care that you were there.
Ate here with my girlfriend yesterday, and our waitress was so awesome I had to write this review- even though it's the day after. Their entire staff was nice, professionally mannered, and gave a really great experience. The food was great, and well portioned. We ended up spending $25 for 2 people, and still had a lot of food to take home. You definitely get a bang for your buck. Would recommend to anyone.
I have a few reasons for my decision to give them a 1 star rating. I find the employees there very nice and the food well seasoned.

Unfortunately, you over pay for food and you end up getting a fraction of what you are suppose to get. This has happened in every Provocon restaurant I've been to. Not only to me but friends and relatives have complained about the poor distribution of food given and price compared to other restaurants.
Sometimes the food is AWESOME sometimes no care is out into your order especially if you call your order in. The females workers are petty. I stopped going after I was mistreated when I went to pick up my order. While I was waiting for my oder to come out, I stood off to the side of the nae so I wouldn't be in anyone's way. The girl bought my order out and put it in the bar far away from me making me walk around some people to get my food instead of bringing it to where I was standing. Her attitude was like " there's your food, go get it" I've never been back since
The food was good. The chicken was small but it was the lunch time special. The beans on the side was great.
It's a small nice place where you and your friends can come in and enjoy great food and good company .. You can enjoy your meal there or just take out! It's clean and the service is great !
The service was horrible. The girl that was tending to us was dressed in sweat pants, no smile, no eye contact, did not want to be there working, bad attitude, biting nails and no customer service experience. The restaurant should not have an employee like her. Food was ok, I've had better in the past at that same location. Please have her trained in the future.
This review is two sided,  I agree with all the reviewers that the food is very good, and priced inexpensively, but the last two times I have been there I have run into two problems. On 2/13/2015 I ordered the rice and beans with pork chop lunch special which was excellent and filling, halfway into my meal I noticed that the guy who served me my food had an active cold, by the following evening I had the first symptoms of a cold which lasted for a week and a half. Just to be fair lets just give the benefit of the doubt and say the cold came from a different source. Today 2/22/2015 I decided that I had a taste for the same dish, I went back. I saw the same guy and I asked him if he had gotten over his cold, he answered that he was at the tail end of it (this is two weeks after I first saw him working there with a cold handling the food). This time a girl was attending to me. I opened my utensils and the knife had dried, encrusted food on it, I showed it to her and she gave me a new set of utensils, upon inspection the spoon had the same problem this time.  Now the guy with the cold was near me I showed him and he gave me a new spoon out of the clean utensil pile, this time I got a greasy spoon. I showed both the guy and the girl, it did not seem to phase them. The girl asked me if I wanted plastic utensils instead, which was her way of fixing things. At this point I felt that if they were so nonchalant about the dirty eating utensils then I wondered what it could be like in the kitchen.
I cancelled my order and walked out. I do not plan to go back, and will tell everyone of my experience. Good tasting food, filthy eating utensils, indifferent attitude does not make for a good dining experience.
Located on Castor ave, the Mecca of little international reaturants. Nice and clean little  corner property. Set up for dining at the bar, and seating for dinner with the family. English speaking, I know some Spanish enough to order my food. They have lunch specials Mon-Fri, will be going back soon to try the Mofungo.
Beware, they serve burn chickens or chicken skins. I was so disappointed after my 3rd time - I normally order the fry chicken and green fry plantain but then this time it was so bad I threw it out. Always check your food before you leave!!!!
