Eine beliebte Sehenswürdigkeit in Philadelphia ist eine kleine Gasse aus dem Jahre 1702. Die Elfreths Alley als älteste Wohnstraße der  Nation hat Dank der Denkmalpflege seit 2012 insgesamt 32 restaurierte Häuser die ursprünglich zwischen 1728 und 1836 gebaut wurden.

Die Gasse wird als "National Historic Landmark" geführt und ist zwischen North 2nd Street und North Front Street zu finden. Die Straße ist nach dem damals im 18. Jahrhundert dort lebenden Schmied Jeremiah Elfreth benannt. Die Bewohner der Gasse waren hauptsächlich Handwerker und arbeiteten als Schiffbauer , Silber- und Zinnschmiede , Glasbläser und Möbelbauer.

Zwischenzeitlich gab es im späten 19. und frühen 20. Jahrhundert hier im Rahmen der Industrialisierung eine Ofenfabrik. Zu dieser Zeit bestand die Bevölkerung hier hauptsächlich aus Iren. Die im Jahr 1934 gegründete Elfreths Alley Association (EAA) hat danach mit erfolgreicher Lobbyarbeit für den Erhalt der Straße gekämpft.

Die Häuser in Verbindung mit dem Kopfsteinpflaster sind wirklich hübsch anzusehen. Am ersten Wochenende im Juni und Dezember sind einige der Gebäude öffentlich zugänglich. In den Häuser Nr. 124 und Nr. 126 kann das Elfreth's Alley Museum besichtigt werden. Hier kann man auch eine geführte Tour durch die historische Gasse buchen.

Eine sehr nette Sehenswürdigkeit in Philadelphia, die in keinem Besichtigungsprogramm fehlen darf.
Charming block of homes which is the oldest neighborhood in America. These homes are kept in wonderful condition, and they're still lived in! 

We walked the short distance from the Betsy Ross House to this alley. It's really hard to find parking in this area, and I'd recommend you walk here if you're capable because it's faster to walk here than to try to find close parking!!!! 

It didn't take us more than fifteen minutes to wander through this group of colonial homes. One note of caution.... I didn't see any public restrooms around here. We had to walk back to Starbucks (about two blocks away) where we ended up buying drinks so we could use the restroom there. 

This is a nice group of well maintained colonial homes, and informative. I'd recommend stopping by here if you have time. Super lovely ....
This is popular alley, a historic site. Nice architecture for photography. There are still people living in this alley. On their windows, it states who were/are the owners of that unit. There are 2 units are opened for tour on Fridays & weekends. Small fee/donation.
If you're into history, Elfreth's Alley is a cool spot in Philly that's worth checking out. It's a pedestrian-only alleyway lined with colonial-era homes; 32 to be exact. Walking on the short street is like taking a trip back in time. The alley is located on the east side of Center City, near the Ben Franklin Bridge, Delaware River, and Pennsylvania-New Jersey border. It's a National Historic Landmark.

We visited around 5pm on a Sunday and the alley wasn't crowded at all. At times, my fiancee and I were the only ones there. Somewhat to my surprise, our Lyft driver, who has lived in Philly for a number of years, had never heard of Elfreth's Alley before. It's a cobblestone street, originally designed to be a cart path to the river. The multistory brick homes are quaint and well-maintained. The homes were originally occupied by shopkeepers and merchants who operated businesses out of their homes.

According to a plaque posted in the alley, the alley dates back to 1736. The Elfreth's Alley Association describes this as the nation's oldest residential street even though New York's Huguenot Street was settled in the 1600s and has been continuously inhabited.

Two of the 32 homes are used today as a museum and gift shop. The museum is furnished as it would have been in 1760. At the time of writing this review, the museum is open April-October, Friday-Sunday, 12pm-5pm. Admission is cheap: only $3 per adult, $2 per child aged 5-12, and free for children under 5. However, walking the alley is completely free and it's "open" 24/7. The other 29 homes are private residences that are still in use today.

In December 2018, Curbed reported that an end unit was for sale and the asking price was $925,000 (https://philly.curbed.com/2018/12/10/18134400/elfreths-alley-philly-home-house-historic-sale-1700s). In February 2019, Philadelphia Magazine reported on the same house at 139 Elfreth's Alley. The magazine said, "Recent sales on this block have run in the $600,000-$800,000 range." (https://www.phillymag.com/property/2019/02/19/house-for-sale-elfreths-alley-oldest-house/)

Be sure to check out Bladen's Court, a whimsical and charming tree-lined alley within an alley. It dead-ends into a quiet courtyard. Bladen's Court originated between 1749 and 1752. It's named after William Bladen, a biscuit-maker, who owned the property in the early 1800s. Elfreth's Alley is named after Jeremiah Elfreth, a blacksmith, silversmith, land speculator, developer, and property owner.

Elfreth's Alley is conveniently located within walking distance to many of Philly's major historic sites including the Liberty Bell and Independence Hall (5-6 blocks away), the Benjamin Franklin Museum and Christ Church Burial Ground where Ben Franklin is buried (4 blocks away), the United States Mint (3 blocks away), and the Betsy Ross House, birthplace of the first American flag (1 block away).
If you like the look of old-school Philadelphia, with scenic row houses and vintage vibes, Elfreth's Alley is worth a stop. It's a small block located between between Arch Street and Quarry Street. I believe I read that Elfreth's Alley is the first United States residential street dating back to 1703.

The street has 32 houses which are all still inhabited today (well, most of them), but you'd never know it because you won't bump into any of the tenants. It's a National Historic Landmark, and the current owners of the homes try to keep it cute with thematic decor. When I saw it, many of the houses had president inspired pumpkins and other seasonal decor that made it extra cute.

There is a museum in the alley but I didn't pop into it. If it's a nice day, I really think this historic street is worth a stroll. I think it's super interesting to think about all the history that this street has seen and there's even a little outdoor garden area that's quaint and fun if you can catch it when the leaves are changing.
America's oldest residential street built in the 1800's is something everyone should see. It is amazing how well kept and that it still has residents in these historical homes. It really takes you back in time. 

I loved that their was a beautiful kitty who greeted me on my walk down the street. 

Its definitely worth the stop even if its just for pictures.
Very cute alley, like so many in Philadelphia-reminds me of Acorn st. in Boston. Worth a little stroll if in the area, very peaceful - be mindful of the residents obvi.
Located close to more touristy attractions in Old City is this quaint, nicely preserved alley dating back to 1703. These won't be grand mansions but will instead be petite, tightly packed houses where the working class once lived. Although they've been restored or maintained nicely on the outside, their age is clear, and even the alley is barely big enough to fit one car. Still, if lighting and photobombers permit, you can get some instaworthy shots.

Although there is an audio tour that you can download, according to signage along the alley, and a museum that's open during normal circumstances, most of the homes are still functioning private residences, so *don't* creep too closely or intrude on people's front steps. This having been said, you might be able to discover even smaller, quainter side alleys by foot. Worth a quick stroll if you're already passing through the area.
We just happened upon this street when we were walking around Philadelphia. And it's one of the reasons why it can be so fun to be a tourist in this historical city. 

Elfreth's Alley is the oldest residential street in the United States, dating back to the early 1700s. People lived here in these exact homes before our country was even a country. 

It was great to think about all of the history that has happened around this street, which seems to be stuck in time, the same as it was in the 18th century. How did the strife from the Revolutionary War spill out into this street? Were there celebrations in the street when it was won? 

Thirty two residences line the street, which seems like a lot for the large city block. But that's part of the allure. The homes are charming, with colorful shutters and cobblestones. There's also a bakery and small museum. 

It's important to be respectful of the people who live on this street -- yes, people still actually live here. Though they are likely used to the looky-loos.  

I imagine this street is particularly beautiful during the holidays. I hope I get to go back one day.
Bottom Line:  A remarkable historic landmark that is the best sight in Philly.

Visiting Elfreth's Alley is like stepping in a time machine and jumping off of your horse in a nearly 300 year old residential street.  It's the closest I've come to time travel so for that reason it is my 2,100th Yelp Review!

How I missed this historic gem on my first visit to Philly I'll never know but it was an amazing surprise when I did a walking tour on my second visit to the City of Brotherly Love.  Today the alley is home to a museum, artisans and residents.  Even if you don't visit the museum or take a guided tour it's a great place to take a very slow stroll and admire the residences that were built between 1720 and 1830.  

The street and homes are well maintained and I really admire those who those who worked tirelessly to preserve the street in the 1930s.  In the 1960s the street was designated a National Historical Landmark. Today, there are full time residents living on Elthreth's Alley as well as plenty of tourists cruising through.
This street is really lovely! It's America's oldest residential street with a row of charming homes. I can't believe people actually live on this street. I guess it's like living in the Full House homes in SF, where people are constantly trying to look into your home, but you get to be a part of history. Lots of great photo opportunities here.

If you come Fri-Sun 12-5pm, you can check out the interior of one of the homes (the museum house- $5pp), which has been reconstructed to match the time period.

I highly recommend this quick stop to explore this beautiful piece of history. And afterwards, walk a few blocks to Franklin Fountain and treat yourself to some ice cream at a historic parlor.
Unfortunately we got there a little bit too late to take the tour but we were able to read on our phones some of the history about Elfreths Alley. It's the oldest continuously occupied residential street in America. It's definitely worth a look. One of the houses was decorated 4th of July style with little American flags everywhere and American flag buntings on the planters that made it look really cool. There was another person that had Christmas decorations that looked pretty nice. I guess I need to clarify that. Not the cheesy Santa, Rudolph stuff but like nice Fir garlands hanging from their planters so it made the house look really nice. It doesn't take that long to walk down the street since it's not that long but you can get some really nice pics.(Here's where the selfie stick would've come in handy.) Just remember that people live there and they do drive through that street so pay attention and don't get run over while your taking pics.
One of those classic locations that I should have reviewed sooner, but 3 away from 1400 isn't bad!

When it comes to an Olde Philadelphia location that nearly free to travel and walk through, it doesn't get much better than our nation's oldest block. And from a cultural perspective its fun to bask in the classic historically preserved architecture, stop in their museum to see heirlooms from the time period, and dial into a free audio tour on your cellphone. Take the right turn down their alleyway and you'll also stumble upon their general store where you can buy some inexpensive baked goods and coffee.

Come in during a First Friday and you might just stumble upon some free guided tours, and the likes of Saint Benjamin's Brewing serving beers in the back. 

If I reviewed Elfreth's Alley a few long years ago like I had intended, I would of called it the perfect escape for seemingly being able to step out of the city for awhile. Sadly, with one of those giant loft constructions starting to tower over it, that's no longer the case. But it can still make for a fine getaway from the usual.
This Alley is a gem! Come see, even if you take a wrong turn. Even if you are on your way some place else. An adorned, brick-lain old colonial streetlet that is supposedly the oldest in Philly. You look in old glass windows. There are cavernous bends to ruminate in. Worth a long look; at how real Americans lived - before sky scrapers, bridges, freeways and malls. Wish there were some more historic signs leading up to Elfreth on other streets. 

Beautiful! 

Rebel review: 5 star history!
America's oldest continually occupied street, vey picturesque with quaint  shuttered windows and traditional brickwork. Love the cobblestone street. It felt like I was in Europe.  It's free to visit and it's neat to walk down the alley and look at the housing of the past. 

It only takes you about 10 minutes to slowly walk through this row of houses.  Try not to miss walking in Bladen's Court located midway down the street, which is basically an alley within an alley that leads into a charming circular courtyard. It's a cool jewel back in time in the middle of Philadelphia. It also makes a great Instagram picture!  I had to come here on my visit to Philly! It's a cool place to visit! 5 stars!
Elfreth's Alley was something that was on all of the historic signs in the Old City, and we decided to go and see what it was all about. Like the other reviews, you will note that it is a tiny little street full of row houses, some still lived in today. The museum must have odd hours because we ventured to it twice and it was closed both times. I'm not sure if it offers something more significant about the area, but we found it to be cool to see, but not something to write home about.
I recently moved to Philadelphia and have been overwhelmed with how many things there are to see in the city. 

After searching for "cool things" in Philly, I came across Elfreth's Alley which is apparently the oldest street in America. Being a sucker for history, I decided to head out and find it. 

Getting to the tiny alley is a bit tricky and can send even the most patient unicorn into a tizzy, but luckily I went during the week and was able to park a couple blocks away at a meter. 

With my luck, the day I went was also the same day every construction worker in the city decided to come out and build things. Once I coughed my way through the dust and debris, I finally found myself standing at the entrance to the alley. It's really an amazing site - old cobblestone road, quaint street lanterns, and a feeling that you're walking through the past. 

I would definitely recommend anyone visiting the city to check it out and see what America was like almost 300 years ago. 

Steve
Impression: This is a small charming Euro- New England row of rowhouses that have bright cheerful colors. For those who live in Philly, it's the same as the rowhouses around, just prettier and more colorful that makes for good photos. For those who haven't seen the rowhouses of Philly, then this place is a good place to go if you're in Old City. If you're at Independence Hall, the Meeting Place for Quakers, the Mint, or even near Spruce Street Harbor, it is definitely worth a stop over. It is a little further from the former I listed, so that's why you will have less tourists there compared to the Liberty Bell and Independence Hall that has many many people in line to see these attractions. 

Photography: 
The best shot I think is the one right at the entrance at an angle shot. Getting a shot straight down the middle will kind of detract from the colorfulness of the a whole row of houses. A few streets down there are also small residential pockets that look similar to Elfreth's- There's even a whole house decked out in Canadian flags and colors that made for good photos if you're walking up from Spruce Street.
Oldest residential street in America, I had to stop by.

Pebbled streets and old school homes, love seeing sites like this. 

Easy to walk. Great quick stop if you are doing a historical walk thru of Philly.
Beautiful little alley in Philadelphia. It's hard not to be impressed by the pretty houses, cobblestone pavement and Georgian architecture. I was tempted to enter the houses and get a look inside out but I guess that would have to wait till my next visit.
We visiting on May 5, 2018. Definitely recommend visiting Elfreth's Alley if you have time. It's very cool to walk down this alley filled with so much history dating back to the 1700's. If you go to house 124-126, you will find Elfreth's Alley Museum. Very small museum but still cool to get to go inside one of these houses that they preserved to see a glimpse of what their homes looked like. They also have dresses and coats for visitors to try on which was very cool. Entrance to get into the museum was $3 each for adults. I am so glad we decided to do the museum and get some photos.
Elfeth's Alley is an adorable street in Old City and the oldest residential street in America! My boyfriend and I found our way here and enjoyed sauntering down the street, checking out all of the historic houses! The coolest part of the street was definitely the pop-up cookie shop that was going on in one of the houses! We wandered into one of the houses to find a bake sale filled with fresh baked cookies, doughnuts and muffins! If you find yourself on Elfreth's Alley definitely look out for this little pop-up! Such a neat idea!
The one place in America that happens to be the oldest residential street in the United States - how cool is that? For real. The street (or alley) dates back to 1702. The buildings that currently exist were built between 1728 and 1836. The alley is named after Jeremiah Elfreth, who was a property owner and blacksmith. Most of the people who lived in those buildings were tradesmen, glass blowers and furniture builders. That would all change throughout history. In 1900, it was mostly Irish immigrants. In 1934, a restoration group was formed and since then they have done a great job preserving the alley and its homes. The cobblestone street was common back in the day, and I'm glad it is still being used as a walk/bike way. 

I didn't go to the museum, as it is only open on the weekends. Would've been awesome to check out, but it was no biggie - as long as I took plenty of photos. I did go into Bladen's Court, which is considered an "alley within an alley" with a mini courtyard hidden. I chilled there for a few moments. There are a few markers that were very interesting, so definitely check those out. 

Lots of history lie here. It's hard not to be thrilled to be in it. It is said that Betsy Ross would walk on the alley on her way to school. Nat "King" Cole   shot an album cover for his "Sings My Fair Lady" 1963 album here. There have been times when the alley and its homes were threatened with demolition, but thanks to the efforts of many historians, locals and others, it is there for people to experience what 18th Century life was like. 

A must for anyone who loves American history and classic architecture.
We are so glad that we made it down to this little famous street! 

It's so small you may not even notice while walking by. A small block of houses built in the 18th century that are still being lived in today! How cool is that? 

It was so interesting to walk down and imagine what it was like throughout the history of Philadelphia. I was intrigued. I wanted to knock on doors and tour the houses (don't do that, that would be very rude). Who would have thought a little street like this could be so intriguing and interesting?

There was a small "museum" which was more like a shop with a woman who could answer questions. She was very knowledgable and answered my many questions with ease. She knew a bit about the rules for keeping the facades historical and even about some of the ones that were for sale. 

After writing this, I'll be googling the houses that were for sale so I can see pictures. Maybe I'll move in (wishful thinking). But the thought of living in such an old home with a rich history makes me so excited...

If in Philly, go here. Stop by Christ Church and the Franklin Soda Fountain on your trip.
As far as free historical attractions, Elfreth's Alley IS "as good as it gets". It's the oldest, continuously residential street in America, and it still has the same old-timey houses that were there during the Revolution, lived in by regular people (with loads of money, I'm assuming). I wouldn't want to live there, as it's constantly filled with people taking pictures with your front door, your door knocker would have more friends than you do, and there is a tour led through your "neighborhood" twice a day. But it's very very cute and a quick (and free!) addition to a historical tour of Philly.
Considering that this is a historic neighborhood and the residents seem to both advertise that, and have signs up to respect their homes and neighborhood, this was more enjoyable then Rittenhouse. Granted the museum home was also closed, it was still fascinating to walk down this street and see the courtyard tucked away. If you're in Old City, it's worth exploring.
This is a historic and pretty little street...otherwise though, the museum was closed when I was here so it mostly just seemed like a pretty little residential street.  Beyond that, there wasn't anything much (other than the plentiful Historic Register plaques on the homes) to catch my attention and warrant a return visit, particularly with the numerous other historic sites in the area.  I might consider returning if I knew the museum would be open to possibly shed interesting light on the street.
I never miss an opportunity to swing by this quaint alley. Reminiscent of England this alley has beautifully maintained cobblestone lined with turn of the century homes. Beautiful Victorian architecture.
Lots of times there are events happening like house tours and little sales.
The alley is a block long and so easy to walk and enjoy the beauty of the oldest area in the city.
Elfreth's alley was pointed out to us to visit.  This historic landmark represented the first residential street that was built from the 1720's - 1830's.  

The skinny little road or alley has 32 buildings that are thin but built to three stories.  There were actually three places for sale in the block.  They ranged from the sale prices of 650,000 to 850,000.  

As far as historic sites, it was nothing too exciting as compared to seeing the Liberty Bell.  If you are in the area, sure! But I wouldn't go out of your way to see it.
Cute outdoor landmark of the Philly area with preserved historic homes. Worth checking out if in the area.
First stop on my Philly tour, Elfreth's Alley! This is the oldest residentially occupied street in the country. How cool! Walking down the cobblestone road and thinking back to how life was in the 1702 is an interesting thought experiment. Not sure if anyone ACTIVELY lives here or how much longer they could stand their home being a National Historic Landmark.

Apparently there's an Elfreth's Alley Museum, but I didn't get a chance to experience that. Next time. I happened to visit during the Christmas season, so the street looked even more beautiful and colorful than usual. I'd recommend stopping by on your way to other parts of Philadelphia, especially if you're wanting to check another historic landmark off your list of traveling adventures!
We came here to take pictures with the wedding party and what a cute little street in old city Philly. There isn't much to see just some historic homes and a very narrow street but I am a huge history buff and to see the oldest street in the nation is totally worth it. To imagine that people still rent or own homes on this narrow area is amazing in itself. If you are in old city stop by it will only take about 5 minutes of your time and you will feel the deep history!!
What an adorable little street. 
Absolutely breathtaking!
I can't believe people really live there, how cool.
Loved walking through a time in history.
Excellent spot. 

1) If you are into American history, this is a must visit spot. 
2) I enjoyed the old architecture and area. 
3) Will definitely come back.
This street is adorable. Came here yesterday on Halloween in costume to take some photos after I heard about this street possibly through a Yelp email. The people living on the street are friendly and they take great care of it.

If you're coming for photos, try to come on a sunny day. The colors would probably look great in the light but it was cloudy when we showed up.

We didn't take the tour as we had gotten there later than expected but I would probably come back to get some more photos and try the tour.

Definitely something to see if you're in a historical mood! We paired it with the Betsy Ross house, Liberty Bell, and City Tavern for dinner.
Not much to see
Took our obligatory group pic
Advise to visit it at night during the holidays when it's lit and makes for a magical stroll
What a charming area was so great to be able to see and walk down the Oldest neighborhood in America. Well worth seeing a great piece of American history!
Lugar histórico en Philadelphia si es que los hay: Elfreth's Alley es la calle residencial más antigua de todo Estados Unidos y es un verdadero placer para visitar.

Este es uno de esos lugares sumamente pintorescos para sacar miles de fotos, selfies y recorrer este callejón que es una belleza a nivel estético.

Este espacio siempre se llena de turistas, pero así y todo, sigue viviendo gente en cada casa, las cuales son sumamente bellas, siendo que toda la calle está decorada con todo tipo de banderas e insignias alegóricas a los primeros años de esta nación.
Quaint little alley, strolling through it would transport you to another era. I won't reiterate the history behind this landmark (and there's always wikipedia if you really want to know), but it was just fascinating observing the architecture of these historic houses. There's even a water pump in the backyard! When I was there (late May) there was a good number of tourists checking it out, though not too many that it seemed crowded. The alley is about a block long, so it makes for a quick stop if you happen to be in the Old City area and/or are on the way to check out the pier.
A great depiction of what early 18th Century America looked like. The street is narrow but meticulously maintained. Take the time to go through the one small alley and visit the donut shop there, the donuts were delicious.
I visited here in the early morning. There was no one. I could avoid a tourist trap. The alley was quiet. It is hard to believe that people are still living. Were they sleeping? Anyway, it was free. Just walk and take pictures!
If you have a chance to visit Philadelphia you must visit Elfreth's Alley. The oldest block of America. It was an honor visiting. Witnessing history right in front of me was a thriller. Seeing how people's homes were and how united they were. Each door and window color representing their status. I'm glad I got to walk through such a historic alley in America.
This is a beautiful alley to visit while roaming in Philadelphia. Forget the regular tourist spots and hit this place on your feet with cobblestone and beautifully painted doors and windows. DO NOT take the hop on hop off bus and they dont let you get down at this spot to be able to get an actual feel of this place.
