I had no idea this was such a large part of Philadelphia history.  Upon coming here I thought I would see just an alley of houses--no big deal.  WRONG! The houses here are super cute and very unique.  Each has a piece of history on it--things you cannot find built into houses of our current day, such as the busy body (mirror) or a shoe scrapper cemented into the ground next to the door.  Call me geeky, but I thought the history of it all was very cool. So glad we came!
One of the most photogenic experiences during our time in Philly. Thanks to Yelp, it wasn't a part of our original itinerary but popped up when we landed in town.

What to expect?
America's oldest standing residential street with some of the cutest homes ya ever did see! 

Unfortunately, the museum was closed when we arrived but the street alone is worth a visit. Take a moment to wind through the back alleys as well.
Could this little alley please be more adorable?  No?  That's what I thought.

We walked the whole alley (including the little cul de sac thing) and unfortunately didn't realize there was a phone tour available until we were already done.  So.. learn from my mistakes: there's a phone tour.  You can learn all about the various artisans and craftspeople who once lived in the houses.  Super nerdy?  Yes.  And yet... also super cool.. in a nerdy way.
Very cute and quaint alley worth stopping by to check out. They have tours you can pay for, but walking through the alley just to check it out and take pictures is free. There's also a free cell phone tour you can take. 

It's a narrow cobblestone road and the homes still have a lot of character. People still live her to please be respectful. Love all the history Philadelphia has to offer.
Didn't visit the "museum",  but strolled down the historically significant oldest residential street in the US...

Takes all of 5 minutes to do...

Strolling is free...

As I walked down the street, I wondered how the residences were retrofitted with modern conveniences like water, sewage, and electricity.  Oh well, since I didn't go inside the museum, I didn't find out...
This Alley is SO cool!  It's like you step back in time, and see how the rich people live, however, it wasn't rich peple who were living here, but poor people!  Crazy!

The houses are so well maintained and it's amazing that people still live there today!  The cobblestone street is very quaint and their are workers all around to answer any questions.  The colors are vibrant and it's really cool to check out!
I wasn't actually aware of the museum or any sort of phone tour until I looked up the place to review on yelp. As far as the alley itself it's one of Philly's best treasures a short walk north east from Independence Hall. It's virtually unchanged by time right down to the fact that people still live in the homes here. Its just a beautiful small alley of homes that is clean and well kept and worth strolling through if you're ever in the area.
Great architecture and history.  Worth walking down the alley if your visiting Philadelphia.  It's free and takes 4 and a 1/2 minutes.
A must see if you go sight-seeing in Philly! We've come here a few times and absolutely love it! Strolling down the street takes you right back in time. Residents of the oldest street in America are required to maintain their homes with its original appearance. Residents of Elfreths Alley tend to be extremely friendly and have chosen to live on this street to help preserve a peice of history. Some of the families have typed descriptions of their house and historical information posted in their first floor windows for visitors to see. The museum is pretty neat as well and the workers there have a wealth of information about this unique part of the city! I'd highly recommend stopping by there and checking it out!
It was POURING rain the first time I visited Elfreth's Alley but that didn't stop me from going. And I liked it so much that I went back the next day and walked down the alley in much nicer weather. It's free to visit and though it's not very long, it's really cool to see this piece of history - the street that that's been continually inhabited for the longest time in the U.S., apparently.  It's amazing to think that real people actually live in these homes (and then to have tourists like me walking up and down their block all day).

If you are into architecture and/or history, Elfreth's Alley is a fun place to visit while in Philly. 

Note: I didn't visit the little museum, just walked up and down the street.
The original cobblestone stone is found here. 

The architecture is narrow, charming and quaint. This oldest street in America has been restored over the years since 1736 and the fact that some people chosed to still live in the homes on this alley. 

Bring your camera. It'll bring you back in time.
This was a surprisingly fun stop for me. I had been living in the Philly area long enough that I thought I'd seen all the worthwhile sites but thought I should add this one too. I was blown away - and immediately realized I'd live there in a heartbeat (though it takes a special patience to deal with tourists constantly brushing by your front door).

Because it is so enclosed, it really does feel like you've been trapped way back in time. And the current home owners have to be proud of it, and do their best to keep that feeling alive. There is a small gift shop and museum and apparently tours, but I didn't really take advantage (though, kudos to them - as I understand, it's all operated by the neighborhood, not "professional" tour guides). Just being there was a unique experience. This is a great stop if you're on the way somewhere else or if you have time to kill.
Quaint but not as interesting as it could be. I get the feeling the museum doesn't have much funding. The "tour" of one home was pretty lame--the guide seemed knowledgeable but she wasn't very forthcoming with information. She was able to answer most questions but she didn't have much to say unless someone asked a question. Seeing the interior and hearing a little about the structure was nice but I can't say I learned all that much. I did, however, grow up with parents whose idea of a swell vacation was touring nearly every historical site/recreation village in the Northeast. So there's not too much general knowledge on the Revolutionary period that I haven't already been told at some point. You've got to dig a little deeper to wow me. Elfreth's Alley didn't dig that deep--more like a brush against the surface. We also tried the cell phone tour of the alley but found that likewise pretty basic and therefore boring. Still, the alley is certainly historic and is cute and old-timey. Worth stopping byt if you're in the area, but don't go out of your way for it.
If you love history, then you've come to the right place as Elfreths Alley is a great place to take a tour of one of the oldest houses and blocks in Philadelphia. It costs 5 dollars and is well worth it. The tour is wonderful and informative. There is so much to learn. The tour starts in the gift shop where usually the clerk is the one giving the tour. Please take the tour with the tour guide and you will be able to go inside one of the houses that was lived in, in the 1700s. I hope you enjoy it!
We didn't actually go to the museum but we walked the alley. Its really small but I thought it was a cute little thing to do while we were in the area. 

I always like to do historical things whenever possible on vacation and I consider the first residential street in the US pretty historical. 

The street is cobblestone and the houses are close together.. walking from one end to the other probably takes about 5 minutes. I tried to imagine the families that lived there when it was first built and people walking exactly where I was walking at that moment... kids playing in the middle of the alley... I dunno, there is something really special to me about walking where so many other people have walked for hundreds of years. Makes me feel connected to history or something. 

Anyway, its a cute thing to do that doesn't cost anything (unless you do the tour) and doesn't take too much time.
A favorite outing on a visit to Phlly! Our nation's oldest residential street dates back to the early 1700s and was once home to an eclectic mix of artisans and craftsmen. Now it's the perfect place to take a break from the bustling modern city and take several steps back in time. I just peeked into the museum...it was tiny and informative with a hint of a gift shop. I'm sure I would have learned something interesting if I had the patience for museums...but, I don't. I was too busy snapping pictures and sneaking into hidden alleys...
There is not enough funding for this gem.  The guides are volunteers, but ask a question  and they won't stop with information.  Short tour, but then again..it is a tiny place.
Rumor has it that this is the oldest continuously lived in street in America. Its narrow, its charming and all the buildings have been kept up by over 300 years of Americans. Now the narrow buildings host many art galleries. Take your camera. Its so quaint its surreal. 

Might I suggest walking down it barefoot. Yeah I did. My sandals were killing my feet that day and I realized it is also the CLEANEST street in Philadelphia. It felt good to walk barefoot on the cobblestones and think of how many thousands of other people used to walk on it barefoot to save their shoes for good back when shoes were harder to come by than today.
This is awesome!! $5 for a tour where you can learn all about the oldest neighborhood in the country! Lots to learn about the houses, furnishings, life at the time and more. Don't miss out on this!
I didn't actually go to the museum, but I'm going to assume it would add an additional star to the experience! I wouldn't go out of my way to see this site if I was most people, but having been a history major in college I was pretty excited about walking down the oldest residential street in the country. 

I also found it pretty cool that you can still live in the houses!
Excellent spot. 

1) If you are into American history, this is a must visit spot. 
2) I enjoyed the old architecture and area. 
3) Will definitely come back.
I got some amazing photography shots. How cool is this place!!!! ... I kind of feel sorry for the people that live their though. It is like living on display!
