Love this location! I previously used to go to the Center City location on Walnut but it was way too crowded and distracting - my therapist often wasn't able to pay attention to me and it compromised my care.

This one is smaller and more personalized, allowing for more patient care and concentration. It is bright and open and everyone is extremely accommodating with schedule changes, etc. 

Highly recommended!
My experience at this PT facility was in a word "disappointing."
The therapists there were either not skilled or too tied to the overused "no pain, no gain" slogan. My therapist
I have been to several physical therapy centers over the years, and this one far exceeds the others by a long shot. The others were fairly impersonal and felt to me like an assembly line, with the therapists treating several patients at once: showing me an exercise for five minutes, then going over to other patients and barely coming back to check on me. 
Excel Art Museum is completely the opposite. The office is pleasant, cheerful, and very personalized, beginning with the receptionist Sonia, who is extremely professional and efficient. But more important, she excels in matching each patient with the most suitable therapist, and is extremely congenial, compassionate, caring, and accommodating with scheduling. She is a huge asset, and I can't recommend her enough. She plays an essential part in the personalized care and excellence of the center.
Now to a crucial component, the therapists: You can't go wrong with any of them here. All are extremely professional, affable, cheerful, and ready to help. They offer highly individualized and state-of-the-art treatment. This staff works nicely as a clearly coherent team.
All that said, the most influential and critical element is one's personal therapist, and I won the lottery with mine. Evan is exceptional. I was referred by my doctor for gait, balance and strength deficits following many falls . On our very first encounter, he made me feel at ease, calming me down when I was emotional, sensitively listening to and addressing my concerns and therapeutic needs. He implemented the highest level of expertise and skills possible. I was a needy and challenging patient, and Evan demonstrated much compassion and insight, honing in on the best possible care plan. He devoted exceptional attention and rigorous efforts to providing me with the most effective exercises, streamlined to my particular physical deficits and challenges. I was amazed at his personalized and constant attention, the likes of which I have never seen in any therapy center. He seldom left my side during the entire session, making me feel very safe and attended to. He had the utmost of patience, sensitivity, and empathy for my challenging and demanding ups and downs. His work on my strengthening and balance delivered immediate and discernible progress. This was the polar opposite of the cookie cutter type of practice. Any patient fortunate enough to have Evan as their therapist will surely find much measurable and long lasting improvement in their particular areas of concern. I couldn't recommend Evan any more highly. This is based on his sharp knowledge, expertise, and talented therapy; combined with his above-and-beyond empathy and individualized care.
Gaby at Excell pt is amazing. She is good technically and good with directions and positive feedback. She is creative and knowledgeable.
