"Meh.  I've experienced better."  Could not be more appropriate.

I find this store to be very lacking -- compared to its other South Street counterparts -- in both selection and demeanor.  I have been in this store three or four times and the manager/owner has never been friendly or helpful in any way.  I find him to be rather rude and standoffish with a chip on his shoulder -- perhaps because he pioneered these brick and mortar vape popup stores on South.  

The store does not give you a lounge feeling.  It is very small and includes only one showcase of mods/pens/accessories.

I've heard very good things about this place, but from my own personal experience, I would never spend money there simply because I am treated so coldly and their small inventory doesn't help either.
I couldn't have agreed more with Jessica's review. Rude, cocky and arrogant. And the way the guy was telling me about what I was looking for, he said you must have some odd or unknown e-Vape. What a dick!
But it seems to me that the people that do Vape or work a Vape store are very much the same. 
If there are customers who don't really know much about the product, why not educate them amicably? Esp store owners. Wouldn't they want to increase their sales and customer base?
I went in being a new customer to vapor-ing.  I'd figure someone would show me around help me with anything but nada. It looked more like if you weren't in the club get out and thats pretty mich what. I did. I have 2 shops i like and I've given then reviews
I had been through many vaporizers until I found this shop. I do not live in town and often lose my vaporizers. I always wait to come back here because the last without breaking like others shops pieces. 
The customer service is great. It's a cool atmosphere with many flavor a of juice to choose from as well. My favorite!
If you vape and you do not know this shop, there's an issue. Staff is very knowledgeable and not only can recommend a perfect new mod for you, they can give you recommendations on your perfect juice. Mose juices are made in house and I am 100% certain you'll definitely find something you like. Thanks EVS Team!
Let me just start off by saying I do not vape.  However, my boyfriend does.  He really likes this shop.  I came here a few times to pick up juice and some other items for him when he won't be out of work in time to get here before they close.

According to my boyfriend, the juice here is very good quality.  When I tried his, the flavors really come through!

Service: I clearly have no idea what I am looking for when I come here and the staff is extremely friendly and helpful!  They listen to me and what I am thinking of or looking for and always give great recommendations!  I greatly appreciate the help this staff has given me when I am here.  If you are looking for a good vape shop, we highly recommend EVS!
Walking into EVS was a pleasant surprise... at first.
As someone new to vaping, discovering this community is quite exciting. Eager to learn and spend some money on cool new toys, my disappointment was huge.
Firstly- the selection was small. There are two tiny little display cases full of batteries and tips as well as a one page, extremely nondescript juice menu.
The batteries were nice, borderline gimmicky, with no really cool mods- or PRICE TAGS. The tips were the same, gimmicky. 
What else is there really to expect when looking for something on South Street, though? Ami Rite? 
Anyhoo, ended up asking a few questions. The sales associate was helpful, though noticeably frazzled as the establishment was understaffed, making me feel rushed because there was a customer behind me who needed assistance as well. He answered my questions quickly, without much information as though saying without saying "please go ahead and buy your clearomizer I have lots of things to do"
In my very brief experience with this community, vaping is about the knick knacks, paddy whacks, relaxing, shooting the breeze and educating your peers.
All in all, I just didnt get even an inkling of that at EVS.
Also, the name "Exclusive Vape Shop" makes me want to puke. It isn't an exclusive club, everyone is allowed to vape.

So-So customer service, small and inadequate selection and an overall elite vibe that didn't deliver.
I was in a hurry to pickup an easy replacement device. I highly recommend this store.. They are not a "Tourist Trap" on South street. They are a clean well organized Vape shop. So don't  be fooled by the location. The salesperson was courteous professional and respectful. He went over how to operate my new device in minutes. He gave me patiently all the details I needed and I look forward to visiting shop again. If you vapes? This places is great!! They also have a happy hour discount.. Stop in and you shall see...
Let me preface this by saying I am a total newb, and I started vaping to quit cigarettes. I was frequenting a shop in this same area, and I always felt uncomfortable, like I was bothering them- even though I'm in there to give them money. I would just awkwardly go in, buy my juice and leave. 

My whole vape experience changed for me today, and I'm grateful! You can go anywhere in this South Street area and try/buy juice. But Star @ Exclusive Vapes spent half an hour letting me try juices, answering all my questions no matter how silly, offering helpful suggestions AND she hooked my new tank up for me before I left. The employees in the store were friendly  and interacted with both Star and I during my time in the shop. I didn't feel "stupid" or condescended at all. It was a really cool vibe in there, and Star was SO knowledgeable. Needless to say, I will definitely be back! Keep up the good work, Exclusive Vapes! (Also, give Star a raise! Or at the very least, a high-5.)
I have been a customer at EVS for months and I returned today for some help with my tank. Nick was the vaproffessional today and he did not stop until my tank worked again. After managing to pry off my overly-tightened tank off the mod that I bought from them months ago and fixed the + and - pins that charge the coil. 

After fixing the tank, the owner took me aside to show me the best method for adding juice, but as he is going to show me, he sees that my threading is off. I never knew the difference, but he was cool enough to switch it out with his sampling mod. Win win every time at EVS.  Thanks guys!
Small spot with a great staff that is knowledgeable and friendly, whether you're new to vaping or know your stuff. Great homebrew juices (I prefer the Bowl of Cereal) and slightly reduced prices during their "happy hours." I purchased an inexpensive starter battery from them that broke after two months; they repaired it within a few minutes w/o any questions asked or charge.
TOP NOTCH CUSTOMER SERVICE...its all about the experience, feeling welcome, and them guiding you through a fantastic journey into world of vapor.  Be ready for a plethora of great priced equipment and juices.
These guys are great - very knowledgeable, available to thoroughly answer questions in plain English, and a really nice bunch.  This is the go-to place where I buy my juice, and have also purchased some accessories from them at prices that were very competitive with online sources. 

Highly recommended.
Great new spot! The guys are extremely knowledgeable and very helpful, taking their time with each customer explaining the ins and outs of each vaporizer and answering EVERY single question, and trust me, I ask A LOT of questions. The had vaporizers for anyone, from the curious to the enthusiast. A huge variety of e-juice flavors that they're willing to mix for you. I went in there with no vape experience at all, and now, I can call myself a vape expert. Okay, maybe not an expert, but I AM totally sold on their products and will be back for many birthday gifts!
Stopped in during my lunch break to grab some juice and the staff was really helpful and knowledgable. Nice selection of juices to choose from and was able to try out a bunch before I made my decision. Definitely will be returning!
Great vape shop with a huge amount of selection in terms of mods, kits and juice. Plenty of samples to try before you buy. I've been here multiple times and never had issues with service. The staff is knowledgable and friendly. Really can't ask for much more.
I went in here initially looking for a rebuild, they put new cotton in for free and gave me some really useful tips too. Their selection of juices is great as well. Whenever I need anything, this is where I go.
Excellent customer service. They allowed me to sample any flavors I wanted ( this is Great). Better than ordering online, prices a reasonable for the convince. If in the neighbor this stop is a must go to for anyone who vapes
Very helpful staff and good juice selection, but left a bad taste when I looked up my purchase online and discovered I paid almost 2 times MSRP.
I have been coming to EVS for quite some time and I can honestly say there is absolutely no better place to go. I have tried all of the stores in this area and none of the can even come close to the personal service that I have received here. Not only is the staff extremely knowledgeable, but they are willing to share that knowledge with anyone that walks through the door. 

The customer service is leaps and bounds above what you would expect from any store. I have seen them work for over an hour on a product that was not purchase there or even stocked by them. They were willing to do all of this for free. I will always come to this store rather than shop online. I recommend this store for the first time vaper all the way to the most seasoned vets. 

Oh and did I mention that they are willing to mix you up any flavor combination that your mind can come up with??
Favorite vape shop in philly!! I became a regular here because Ryan always has the best recommendations and can literally answer any questions you have on devices flavors etc!! All my friends go here now :)
One of the best if not the best vape shop around...Ryan was very knowledgeable with all the products and juices they had available...ended up picking up a smok nord vape with two different options of juice...the owner ended up giving me a great price I couldn't say no too...thanx again guys for the great customer service...will be back again soon to try other flavors out!
Best in the city for all your vape needs. Had exactly what I needed and Ryan was able to answer all of my questions. Check this place out!
Awesome staff! Excellent service, helped me fix my coils and taught me more about rebuilding... They didn't have the chocolate juice I needed so they helped find a different juice worth dripping. Thanks again guys.
