There is a big problem with writing a review of Fairmont Park.  There are so many amazing things to do they wouldn't fit in a Yelp review. I've visited here with the lovely wife countless times. 
 
You could, bike, walk,  dog walk, jog, run, rollerblade, horseback ride, scenic drive, visit museums, see monuments, get some alone time, take amazing photos, get gardening ideas, go to the zoo, play soccer, go boating, find a playground for your children, play baseball, barbeque, and generally have a great time in a hundred other ways.

If you live in the area and have not visited, shame on you and read on.  If you are a tourist and you have a nice day, move a visit here to the top of your list and read on.

If you are unfamiliar with the park I have two suggestions.  The main Fairmont Park web site is excellent and near the top of this Yelp page.  The problem is the site is too big.  It has hundreds of links and can be a bit daunting.  What you may not know is that although Fairmont Park is made up of dozens of smaller parks, there are 7 large main parks.  Here is the link that will begin to get you information on the big 7.  http://www.fairmountpark.org/Parks.asp .  It's not perfect but it will help start your thinking in the right direction.

My second suggestion is the Wikipedia site.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fairmount_Park.  I think the information and internal links here are a great help.

Fairmont Park is one of the top experiences Philadelphia has to offer and easily deserves 5 stars.
Like the city itself, Fairmount Park has its good and bad parts.

Setting up large-scale picnics here can be a drag (contacting the city, paying for a permit, making sure everything is kosher), but if you can secure a pleasant nook, it's worth the effort. It's no Central Park - it's not as centralized, for one - but it offers a greater variety of natural features versus man-made landscaping. Sit by the Schuykill, go biking, play sports, there's lots to do.

Volunteer cleanup events happen year-round, so take part if you have the time!
Fairmount Park is a huge multi-use park located in Northwest Philadelphia.  It runs along the Delaware River.  You'll find people biking, running, walking dogs, fishing or just chilling out.  There is plenty of grassy areas to play as well as lots of trees. Parking on the weekends can be a little challenging however.  I highly recommend it, a little paradise in the middle of a busy city!
Here's a helpful tip about Fairmount Park:

The next time you need some "alone time" and excercise at the same time, ride your bike on "the loop" at night.  I got on it where Walnut runs into the Skuykill and took the path all the way to boat house row.  The ride was very scenic and relaxing.  Incidently, there's not a bad place to collect your thoughts right by the Walnut Street entrance.

Be advised, however, that there were a few homeless people sleeping on nearby benches.  However, the area is monitored by cameras, which leads me to believe that these homeless people are just as concerned about criminal elements as you or I.
while it can be separated by a lot of neighborhoods and highways, and it does have it's share of bums, this may very well be the most beautiful park in the city. after all it connects to things  like The Art Museum, Boathouse Row, all kinds of wonderful sculptures, and then some. And as Zoe Patrice said, this park has a LONG bike trail that is capable of getting you very far. 
There's always plenty to do here. aside from bike riding, it's the perfect place for tossing a Frisbee and jogging. they also have a miniature exercise park along the waterfront that can be useful. this is also the perfect place to go for good pictures of the city. And they should hopefully be building a skate park here in the not too distant future.
In need of some serious brain-clearing and brainstorming, I jumped on my bike and took a ride on Kelly Drive this morning. I rode up Kelly and went over East Falls bridge to enjoy the car-less West River Drive. During the warm months, the city closes down WRD so bikers/runners/rollerbladers can play without worrying about cars. The whole ride was such a breath of fresh air. I left the phone at home and got to listen to some of my favorite music. Sometimes we just need to disconnect. Ya know?

Here were some songs that enhanced my biking:
Sufjan Stevens - Casimir Pulaski Day
The Innocence Mission - Lakes of Canada
Passion Pit - Sleepyhead
Rouge Wage - Maps (Yeah Yeah Yeahs cover)
Sun Kil Moon - Carry Me Ohio
Passion Pit - Moth's Wings
We Are Scientists - After Hours

Happy Saturday :)
Okay, so, Fairmount Park has a pack of wild (or more accurately, feral) dogs that the city rounds up and kills every couple of years so that yuppies aren't scared by them.  The poor dogs aren't bothering anyone, and they're the sad remnants of pets who are dumped by their owners on the side of the road after they aren't puppies anymore.  It's terrible that our society sees dogs as disposable after they're not cute babies anymore.  Shouldn't the poor dogs be given credit for surviving?  They're more afraid of us than we are of them.  Poor puppies.  And bad, bad Fairmount Park Commission (who are all in bed with some interest group or another, trust me - just look into what prompted them to "cull" the deer population in Pennypack park a couple of years ago - and by "cull," I mean shoot 90% of them in one weekend).

Anyway, aside from the mean dog removal, the park is really pretty.  Just, next time you see a pack of former pets trying to survive, maybe think about leaving your lunch scraps for them.  I'm sure they'll appreciate it.  And get your pets spayed and neutered, and please, please, don't just take them to the park one day and leave them there.  Seriously, people.
Now I am not a fan of walking around doing nothing, but this is something the wife wanted to do . I am not a fan of walking basically, I figure I make enough money where I have a car to do all this manual labor. 

Thus the lovely wife wanted to spend a day outside and just walk , take in some of the scenery that this city has to offer.  Mind you there are some gorgeous landscapes, you can take in , with boat house row and the museum in the back. 

Taking a day aside and spending some time with your loved one is always a plus , I will admit Fairmount Park is the place to do it . Now this is not like Central Park where you have all walks of life, but Fairmount does have its benefits. Like others have mentioned there are trails and pathways to enjoy.  You might even catch a concert or two , while exploring. 

Have a camera in hand , because there are countless opportunities for you to take pictures. Downtown views, to the Art Museum, to people just enjoying a simple day under the sun.  Might even see some boaters doing their fishing thing or the local colleges  on "Boat House Row" getting ready for an upcoming event to on the river. You could even enjoy a nice stroll in the early evening by the museum area where the city starts to light up, the reflection of a lit up Boat House Row over the river.  

Just another day in the park basically.
Here's another tip. You can actually take the bike path all the way to Valley Forge. Yup. Through Manayunk and Conshohocken and . . .  I think its a 40 mile round-trip. This was perfect when I was living in Philly and wanted to get out of town on a summer weekend and didn't have a car.  

Or you can take the path into the woodsy part of Fairmount and see the duck babies in the Wissahickon.

Beautiful and looking better every time we visit.
This portion of the review is dedicated to the Belmont Plateau picnic portion of the Park. While the Yelpluck and the people I got to share it with merited 5 Million stars, and our team winning the kick ball game merited 5 billion stars, there was just something about the area that merited a little less than 4 stars.

Although our team had an amusing time trying to mimic the "Single Ladies" dance along to the the Beyonce song (Aaron and I were on the team, so alas I can assure you that it wasn't pretty), there was something about the neighboring tent not honoring the volume portion of the permit contract was a little disconcerting. I'd feel that way if it was music I liked too so that has nothing to do with it. I also felt that certain luxuries of the picnic area like trees and shady spots could have been distributed just a little more evenly.

But those were just some minor setbacks, because overall the occasion was on top. there were plenty of areas to lay out on blankets and play picnic games. And the tables did a good job of accommodating are designated grilling spot (thanks Daniel!), some of our food, and are good assortment of drinks. and of course the fact that we had the coolest group ever, and an awesome dog like Giles among us didn't hurt.

And overall these two reviews only encompass a very small portion of Fairmount Park. so there's more than enough reason to return to it in the future.
This place is GOOORRGEOUS!
This is the Cindy Crawford of parks. 
Right before prom, we came to Fairmount Park to take pictures.
We were posing in the gazebo right outside the WaterWorks (now i think it became a restaurant).
The pictures came out great, with the sunset in the background over the river.
I've spent a lot of mornings and afternoons (sometimes both in one day) and had a lot of awesome times in Fairmount Park. Some of the fields get pretty beat up (I played in a coed football league there for years so I know this from our many infamous Dust Bowls), but the grounds are massive and very accommodating for tons of events to all take place at once. Parking isn't too bad unless there's a race, in which case, you better get there early or you won't get there at all. 

Today I ran my first 5K at the park, which was the Color Me Rad race. I got to see and enjoy parts of the park that I had never seen before. 

This park has a reputation for being sketchy come nightfall. I wouldn't know, because I'm always far gone by then; most people are. On weekends, it's a great place to enjoy some sports and sun.
I am from Chicago, recently transplanted to Philadelphia.  In Chicago, we have The Lake (aka Lake Michigan).  It is our pride and joy.

Philadelphia has Fairmount Park.  The true gem of Philadelphia.  

It should be on any list of Top 10 Things to Love About Philadelphia.

This beautifully maintained park has nice paths for running, blading, hiking, biking, skipping, etc.  There is great art along the way (see Fairmount Park Art Association) and you also pass many historic Philly sites: Boat House Row, The Art Museum, Falls Bridge, The Zoo...the list goes on and on.  The paths are fairly clearly marked with mileage. 

Oh and you can go horseback riding!!

The only downside is that it is not well-lit, so after the sun goes down I personally wouldn't hang out there.
Nice park!  Arrived around 8 to 830pm.  I could see a lot of people jogging, walking with dogs and simply strolling around the park.

There is no parking fee for the 2 hours.  But you need to leave before your car gets towed.  

Restrooms for both men and women are available.  Don't expect the floor or toilet to be free from clutter.  There's a lot of toilet paper scattered on the ground.  No worries about not bringing hand soap of toilet paper, because it's provided with a dispenser.

It was late, so I wasn't able to go inside the information center.  Pretty sure I see an ice cream for sale when the center is open.

The lawn is well-maintained.  I could see flickering lights of the dragon flies.

Breezy at night time.  Looks safe to jog as a loner, but be prepared to defend self at all times.

From the other side, across the museum is the famous Rocky Steps and statue.
A lovely park full of mature trees, and a lake surrounded by foliage and filled with ducks, geese, and other creatures. Sometimes I stay at Chamounix Mansion, and I usually walk about 3 miles to the center city. Walking along the side of the lake is so peaceful especially on a nice breezy day.  There's a bunch of hidden gems found throughout West and East Fairmount Park like Abandoned bridges and historic statues. Some are even Instagram worthy like the Stone Arch Bridge which is kinda hard to find.
Fairmount Park represents a highlight of Philadelphia- a place where you can escape from urban life and enjoy a slower pace of life.

I have gone there the last two weekends for softball games. Today, we did the 5 mile bike from our house, so I was able to see more of the the park in depth. It has a staggering amount of open area, random Civil War (!) monuments, a museum and lots of different areas to bike around.  It reminds me a lot of Golden Gate Park, which must have drawn some influence from it.

For the softball yelpers-The Belmont softball fields are great. I have found the infield to be in pretty good shape, while the outfield grass hasn't been too treacherous to run around in.  The only drawback so far is that I have yet to find a bathroom within the vicinity of the fields.

Anyway, here's to more exploration of this Philly recreation gem.
Dear Kelly Drive,
I rode you yesterday and I just want to say thanks for the eye candy. With the weather breaking, all the fine Philadelphians have been making their way to tread upon your tracks and it's a beautiful thing. I must say, these long winter months made me nearly forget about you. Alas, the good times are back.

On a serious note, I really can't wait to visit Valley Green. I take my dog on long hikes there and I feel like it's a really cool way to spend a first date. Then again, a friend of mine went on a first date there and suddenly had to get to a bathroom, emergency-style. That was probably not the best way to spend a first date. So, note to self and others, save the prunes, fiber, or whatever gets it done for later.
As a tourist needing green space to run and hike, I am spoiled by some other great cities and their green spaces.  Some cities just luck out with flora and the arboreal gifts from nature that I adore. Philly does just fine for distance and ratio of green:city if you need that space to stretch your wlgs and calm your spirits with nature. This expansive park is a gift when you visit and need that green respite.
Great urban park with an amazing history.
But, what makes it Philadelphia's gift to the world is the view from the Belmont Plateau overlooking Center City.  Go about 4 pm in Spring or Autumn when the light turns a golden hue, and it is...
Simply. 
 Breathtaking.
This is a true treasure for Philadelphia providing much needed green space.  It needs to be better maintained and I am fearful that this year's budget cuts will adversely affect the park system in Philly.

There are wonderful mansions to explore, ball fields, picnic areas and bike trails.

Love this park.
Yes is one of the world's largest parks, but that is deceiving.

The park is spread out and separated by ghetto neighborhoods and highways. Most of the park area is unkempt and the grass is all but dead (and it's not even grass its weed's too).  

The only part of the park that is clean and kept is the part near Kelly Drive. I've been a search for a Frisbee area and all I can find is the soft grass near Kelly Drive.

The best spot to picnic: On the grass near Waterworks and the gazebo.
Fairmount Park is large with a variety of places to visit, from historic houses, to the Horticulture Center and Shofuso Japanese House and Garden. The large pond (Centennial Lake) and pathway that runs up toward the Mann Center are quite nice.  It's great to bike on the path along the Schuylkill River and check out the old bridges.
I used to play soccer over here occasionally when I was in college.  Back then there used to be a lot of broken glass sporadically scattered all over the place.  

Place is great, but be careful.
Truly one of the greatest gems in Philadelphia. If you need a place to disconnect from the grind of the city, this is the place to go. If you are looking for wooded trails, creeks, ponds, flat paths or giant fields you will find them here.
Since I quit the gym, I spend more time with Kelly drive than I do with most of my friends.  In the winter, it is a quiet, solitary stretch that is always well-lit and (if you have a dog, or a friend with you) feels pretty safe. The rest of the year is is great for people watching and enjoying the river. Where else in the city (or in many cities for that matter) can you run more than 8 miles and never have to worry about cars? 
I had taken one star off because I hate the springtime regattas, but upon reading everyone else's reviews I remembered the whole REST of the park and had to put the star back on. Hikes in the Wissahickon? Yes,  please. Smith playground... Who knew? Lemon Hill, The ball fields near strawberry mansion, spraygrounds, the horticulture center...I love you, fairmount park....
I try to go to fairmount park as often as possible when I'm in Philly- beautiful views of the city, one of the finest city parks I've seen. One day I want to run all the way from the art museum to Manayunk. I really only go here to run, but there are many nice spots for a picnic/hanging out; also, if you go about a mile or so north of the art museum it is fairly easy to find parking. I enjoy admiring the cool artwork along the paths.
Nice clean park with a nice view. I took my dog here a couple of times to walk around. Its a little out of my way (I have closer parks) but its worth the drive. There are a couple of parking lots as you go around. There is much to see and its a great place to just sit and relax and get away from the craze that has become Philadelphia. 

This place has it all, hiking trails, bike trails, monuments and it leads you right to the museums downtown.
As daylight savings time ends, so long is my 2010 romp at the park.  Sure, there's that 8.something mile loop.  Sure there's all that rowing business with those schools.  And sure there's a ton of people running, walking, babies, strollers, rollerblade sled dogs, and all of that typical stuff that's still going on.  It's just that my season is over.

In the Spring, I like to try to hunt for morels.  I'm 0-2 in two seasons, but dammit I'm trying.  This coincides with trout stocking in the Wiss, a great way to ride the Wiss trail and scope new spots.  Summertime brings bass in the tidal portion of the Skook.  And then Fall drops those pretty leaves and the dry, cool air that makes cycling so ethereal.

If only the Skook froze over completely to skate on, I would visit year-round.
For years I worked at the Philadelphia Zoo, so close to Fairmount Park. I recently returned to work in Philadelphia after two decades, and it's been a pleasure to enjoy this beautiful park and all its tiny little wonders - little gardens here and there, gorgeous statuary, restored mansions, river front walking trails, etc.

I would be nervous to walk here by myself in the dark, but during the day with others around, I'm not too worried.  Keep an eye out for the hundred events or so that take place throughout the year.
Pretty okay park. I came here with some friends on a weekend as we were spending the day in Philly. We came during the weekend of the cherry blossom festival, so a lot of the streets were blocked and had heavy traffic. We parked the car in a random place next to a road in the trees where some other cars were parked, and we followed the crowd to the cherry blossom festival location. It was $15 for an entrance fee though, and we could see the cherry blossoms outside the gated area. So, we decided not to go and we walked around a bit more. The park is lacking signs and maps, and it's really difficult to tell where we are without a phone. Also, the park isn't super beautiful, there's just some trees and grass. We did get a nice view of Philly though!
Great place to bike, run , and/or row.  The park is located on the river Schuylkill. Schuylkill Banks offers a wide variety of activities during the summer and fall.  From kayak and boat tours to movie nights and pet festivals.  We had our own bikes, so we did not need to rent.  But, if you don't own a bike , you have a wide variety to choose.  The park is clean and it was a beautiful day,full of sun and wind for us to bike.
A fairly large city park although it is divided up by highways, roads, and different neighborhoods. It does however have extremely beautiful but "hidden" places like the Japanese house, and the botanical sections. Also there is quiet a bit of forgotten history in this park like the disassembled Fairmount Park trolley system. Which it's stone arch bridges are still there and intacted. Also there is an old abandon raceway located within this park and still used horse stables. 
Has you look around the park you can find Several different areas that contain Natural spring drinking fountains that have long since dried up or been capped but the beautiful marble and stone masonry of those areas are still there. 
Take a trip over to Strawberry mansion bridge to see the original trolley tracks cross the river on this beautiful bridge. or take a walk back about a 1/2 mile from the end of Chamounix dr. to GPS 40.004355,-75.20003 and you'll find a rather unusual beautiful and stunning arch bridge in the middle of the forest has well has the areas of what once were beautiful lakes (centennial, Chamounix Lake) drained to build I-76
Dateline: Somewhere along the Schuylkill, Easter Sunday 2012

To the woman pushing a stroller wearing a "Drug Free" t-shirt & yoga pants with what appeared to be a stainless snubnose w/ pink rubber grips holstered on her hip:

WHY? Just why?
One of the jewels of the city and the best opportunity to get out of the man-made city environment and experience some nature.

Not tainted by the crime that blights some of the neighborhoods it borders (as far as I can tell) but has its share of homeless.  In the less traveled areas you'd think you might be 100 miles west of where you are.

Kelly and West River Drives are wonderful walks and drives, right next to the Schuylkill .

Highlights include the Japanese Tea House and Horticultural Center, Waterworks (which I think is still Fairmount Park), Mann Music Center and scattered mansions.

Man, I have to get out there one of these days now that I'm thinking about it.
Can't be beat for baseball and barbeques.  A quick ride from Center City - pack a lunch!
A huge park and green space to the north and west of the primary city core, this park extends between Henry and Germantown Pike (not completely), and is filled with plenty of small trails, mansions to explore (see Wendy C's review for more details there), and picnic areas.

Parking can be tight on a warm summer day, but the walk from one end of the park to another is something you can do in a day (I don't think it's more than five miles at most from the river to the arboretum... you probably can jog it faster, though). 

Make sure to wander off the path -- there are plenty of gems hidden off the primary paths if you wander down the various areas and check out the area beyond the playgrounds and more.
Lovely place to stroll on a Sunday morning in the nice weather. Rowing is huge over here so be sure to check out if there are any races going on. The Schuylkill River Trail is easily accessible from here and a great way to get back to Center City.
This is most definitely my favorite park in Philly! It is so beautiful and relaxing to go for a walk or run through it. There is always something new to see amor some place new to discover. I would highly recommend this for any outdoors adventurer. You will not be disappointed going here!
Absolutely lovely! It's amazing to see so much green space right in the city limits of Philadelphia! I spent a couple of hours here riding bikes along the Schyulkill River. The scenery was beautiful-I enjoyed the gorgeous skyline views, boathouse row and all of the lovely sculptures along the way. My visit was during the dead of winter so I can only imagine how pretty it must be in the spring!
Very nice park but can be hard to get into at times. Figuring out the west and east side of the park was a bit troubling at first but once your there it's great.
This Park is touted as Philadelphia's largest.  It runs along the Delaware bay. I hung out at the part directly in front of the Philadelphia Museum of Art. The have trails, piers, lots of grassy areas, and a couple of gazebos overlooking the river. While I was there they were having a beer gathering along the river and there were tons of organized workouts there. One of the highlights of this area of the park is the Fountain of the Sea Horses, a replica of the one in the Borghese Gardens in Rome. There are also six statues leading up the walkway to the museum, of famous participants in the American Revolution, including John Paul Jones. There are benches around the park, along the water and near the gazebos that you can sit and chill.

Unfortunately, the Seahorse fountain was not working during my visit and the gazebos has been riddled with vandalism. Certain areas need to be cleaned up and be carful of bicyclist zooming past you. 

The park is still nice and you can find some peaceful parts to relax and then go and hit one of the trails or join a workout. This seems like a fun park, with a lot to do and see for everyone.
This is basically Philly's Central Park. It is a very picturesque park and quite large. You can go hiking here, rowing, biking or just lounge around and hang out. In the spring, there are cherry blossoms too. Fairmount is definitely a way above average city park.
