500th review! I have to make it a good one, right? There was one special place that immediately came to mind...the spot I became a Mrs.! (This is less about the history/tours and geared mainly towards future brides/grooms or anyone planning a special day/photos here).

Our dream wedding location was the gorgeous, regal, historic gazebo at Fairmount Water Works. For us, it was THE perfect ceremony spot. This beautiful structure overlooking the river, nestled between Kelly Drive and Boathouse Row, at the foothills of The Philadelphia Museum of Art, not far from the Azalea Gardens is very special to us... 

When we lived in the Fairmount/Art Museum area we took walks/jogs on the drive daily, ending here at the gazebo. One day, waaaay before we were engaged he said "wouldn't this be an amazing place to get married?" That's it! I was done! That's all I needed to hear! This was going to be THE spot one day!

-We wanted somewhere we could visit forever with our children and one day, with our grandchildren.

- We wanted someplace we would always have access to as we wished and a place we would be assured would never close. 

-We wanted somewhere with rich history and a place that held permanent residence in a city and neighborhood we loved so very much. 

-We wanted what so clearly was "our" spot. 

I jumped through many hoops to secure this location for us! He got down on one knee October 17th and I had to wait until January 2nd, which for an excited bride is an eternity!! 8am on the second freezing day of the new year, with a money order in hand as instructed, I was at the door of the Fairmount Park Commission up on Concourse Drive in Fairmount Park, diagonal from Please Touch Museum. There, I filled out an application and waited and waited....and waited, and yep, waited, all the way until spring hoping to finally get the thumbs up on approval!! (It was a very long winter that year haha) You see, they give first priority to charities and local organizations and won't schedule weddings/ceremonies on days when there is a regatta on the river. Being that our date 10-10-10 was oh so insanely popular to begin with, I had my doubts we would even get it even if there weren't events going on. I still kept the faith and we did get it!!! The notification that we did for sure secure the space was THE greatest news EVER! Actually, a real dream come true! Well worth the wait!! 

Important things to remember :

-The number to call for more information is: 
(215) 685-0060
$500 for the gazebo for 2 hrs $150/ hr for photos. (We never pay for photos. We're smart about the times we come ex: mid week, just before sunset. We haven't had an issue in 5 years) 

-you may not tie anything to, or alter the gazebo in any way. (We had a hand held chuppah.) 

-you will need to order your own chairs. The cost can be very minimal if you shop around a bit!

-you MUST have your permit for the space with you at all times! 

The most important part of my review however is this: NO ONE but the Fairmount Park Commission owns the gazebo and surrounding structures! PERIOD!!! If you google it, even go for a tour there, it would appear the restaurant which was then the Water Works (currently Cescaphe group) owns the gazebo. In fact, they will try to tell you you they own it! THEY DO NOT!! NEVER WILL!! This misrepresentation enrages me because it holds many couples and (almost) us from our dream wedding ceremony! We first hand went on a tour where we were told this. We already had our reception caterer booked elsewhere so we had no interest in the reception space. We were ALMOST conned as many are when looking into the gazebo and cocktail space! After a little investigating from an uber determined bride, we came to find that use of the gazebo comes only with reception booking was a lie!!! You do not need to use the restaurant to use the gazebo. If you simply want to rent the gazebo or any aspect of the Waterworks outdoor spaces, you can absolutely do this without booking the restaurant for your reception! We still run into many, many couples who look over the gazebo because one reason or another regarding the restaurant. Despite what it may seem, they are completely separate and always will be!! 

After moving from the area, we don't visit here daily anymore, but we absolutely continue to come each and every year for our anniversary. We play our wedding song, the kids run up and down what was our aisle, and of course, I cry! I LOVE looking through these photos of how our little family is growing year after year!

This is a truly beautiful, magical spot and we couldn't recommend it any more for a wedding ceremony or for special photos. The space is elegant and neutral, making for the ultimate perfect backdrop. It's definitely not an easy site to secure for ceremonies, but believe me, it's extremely well worth it!
This is an awesome spot that we visited while we were in the city visiting. It is really beautiful and has many nice things to see and take photos. We had a wonderful time exploring and walking around the area. Fun trip and a hidden gem right behind the Art museum.
Beautiful, Beautiful beautiful!! Omgee I think I just found my future wedding venue! lol. I never even knew Fairmount Water Works even existed! What have I been missing? Obviously a lot! 

Fairmount Water works was designed in the past as the place to purify and pump the water for the city of Philadelphia, now its a landmark site that is used for educational purposes as well as weddings, walking trails and many more.

I came to Fairmount Water works for their Parks on Tap event and left with much more discovery! Their was a lot to explore such as  the gardens and the boardwalk, my oh my just nature and beauty at it's finest! 

There's also a parking lot but it can get filled up pretty fast. Overall I definitely look forward to returining to this beauty of a place!
Absolutely outstanding. Outstanding in every single way.

We attended a wedding there Friday night, and spent time in three venues at the Waterworks Complex. The ceremony was held outdoors under a gazebo with beautiful views of lawns and water surrounding us. We were greeted with flutes of champagne and bottles of cold water as we walked down the path from our bus to be seated.

We spent a cocktail hour and a half in one of the function rooms, and the food was just incredible. Seafood, sushi, Asian stir fry stations, Italian pasta stations, meats and cheeses, even lobster tails! There were also a ton of passed hors d'oeuvres and two bars. Honestly, there was no need for dinner after this feast.

But of course, there was a dinner, at a third location in an outdoor courtyard (more flutes of champagne and watermelon cocktails were served on the way to keep us hydrated). We had a choice of Chilean Sea Bass, Veal Chop, or Beef Short Rib, all were served with a risotto, carrots, and beans. My fish was very good.

Dessert was another embarrassment of riches- an endless table of ice cream and toppings and petit fours and assorted pudding cups, and cupcakes, and funnel cakes, and my favorite- chocolate covered macaroons.

The staff was impeccable, the scenic views were incredible, and the food was plentiful and amazing.

Seriously, from a food and venue standpoint, this was one of the very best weddings I have ever been to.
This hidden jem of Philadelphia should not be missed.
(Especially since it is free right now)
The history of this place is over two hundred years old.
We had a great time exploring the interior and learn about the history.
Definitely take the guided tour.
Parking available right next to entrance when we were there.
Over the weekend I had the pleasure of touring Water Works and Dionne was my tour guide. It was her first time but she did an excellent job. The tour was very interesting and I definitely learned a lot about the history of Water Works and Philadelphia. I look forward to taking my niece here once she is old enough to enjoy it.
This is one of my favorite spots to lunch, because when you eat at Water Works, lunch works as a verb.  Highlights of lunching at Water Works include:

1) The service- everyone is so formal, yet so cool!  They service has way more personality than your usual lunch waiter or waitress, but they also are very buttoned up.  Its a pleasure

2) The beverages- so many waters to choose from!  I've never actually had one, but the range is impressive.  What I HAVE had is the Arnold Palmer which is delicious.  A little sweet, a little wake-me-up- delish

3) The views.  WOW.  The place could serve dysentery and I'd still come as often as I could.  Boathouse Row, Kelly Drive, 76, The Zoo Balloon, 30th Street Station, The Art Museum- just a lovely panorama view of the city, and the river actually looks pretty!

4) The food- while it COULD be awful, it isn't!  It's so so good!  They serve you fresh rolls at the beginning of your meal, and the appetizers are so delicious.  We split a flat-bread, and the octopus.  For my entree I got the grilled vegetable sandwich and fresh fries.  The fries are twice fried so they have that lovely crisp, and they're perfectly salted.  The sandwich is cheesy and warm and not soggy and so fresh and delicious.  I just can't say enough good things.

I don't lunch often, but when I do, I lunch at Water Works.
One of the best brunches in Philly with spectacular views of the river landscape. You can get the chefs to make you a crepe with all of the savory additions one might put in an omlette, just ask. There is a sort of elegance here that I'm in love with. Also, bottomless belinnis and mimosas, I guess I should have led with that. :-)
In Fairmont Park. It is a nice place to walk by. You will see painters paint and fishermen fish.
Great park in a great area! The history behind the Water Works is very interesting, and although you can check out the inside for yourself, the grounds are still nice. 

Right beside the Philadelphia Museum of Art the entire grounds are well maintained. Great place to stop by if you're headed to the PMoA.
Attended an evening event from a conference hosted in Philadelphia. This place is beautiful and elegant. Behind the museum of art which is a classic landmark of the city.

The event had an open bar and hors d'oeuvres and they were a great selection of sea food, cheeses, meats and desserts. 

Perfect place to host events.
Fairmount Water Works is one of my favorite places to explore on long walks with my dog near the art museum. Although I've never set foot inside the building, the outside is absolutely breathtaking. There are so many places to hang out and enjoy the beauty of the Schuylkill River and almost forget about the overcrowded parts of Center City.
