My kitchen knives are always getting dull ( yes I cook a lot!) and inevitably I have to find somewhere to get  them sharpened.  I'm not going to name names here, but most places and mobile knife sharpening services will charge you by the inch.  The last time I got a few knives sharpened at a mobile knife sharpening service it was like $38- OUCH that  hurt! 

I called a few kitchen shops and they had the same policy ( by the inch) AND they said  it would take 10 days to get my knives back.  Seriously?!  How am I going to cook? Then I called Fantes.   The woman on the  other end gave me the great news: They charge $2.50 PER knife ( any length) and will sharpen them WHILE YOU WAIT!  Upon hearing this, I  made the trip.  It was a Sunday and  the nice guy who  took my knives ( all of them!) even offered to oil the handles.  I wanted to walk around the Italian Market  so he said "Come back in a hour".   Upon  my return, each one was individually wrapped and ready to go.   Yeah I got my "babies" back.

I love this store anyway but rarely visit  since I don't live close by but now I will be making the knife sharpening pilgrimage to this store regularly in the future.  SO HAPPY!!!!!! Thank you Fantes!  By the  way I  am marking this establishment with one (1) $ dollar sign because this is the  least expensive place to get  your knives sharpened and  the quickest.
Fantes is fantastic and surprisingly huge restaurant supply store right on 9th Street in the middle of The Italian Market. Everything you could ever want is here!! And everything you don't need, but suddenly feel compelled to purchase is also here! This place is the best for anyone...amateur chefs, actual business owners in Philly get their goods here, and for those who swear if they just buy the fancy gadget they will automatically become chefs. It's really amazing all that they carry here! Beyond your wildest dreams.  

When you first walk in you see insanely gorgeous copper pots!! I must get one soon! Pretty pricey in general, but so amazing. The kinds of item you pass down. When I finally make the big purchase, I'm coming here! There's such a great variety!

Making your way to the back you pass high quality marble mortal & pestle sets which are to die for! So gorgeous you'll want to keep them out on the counter all of the time...and should! 

Oh, and then there's the back room. I could spent hours in there alone! All of your baking and serving needs met. Funky shaped waffle makers, gorgeous Tuscan platters imported from Italy, at least a hundred cookie cutters of all shapes and sizes including Mickey Mouse and other characters for the kiddies. I personally fell for a Russian doll set. 

Then there's the back wall filled with my beloved decanters I purchase here. They are a nice alternative to a pitcher, take up way less room, and add a sleek yet vintage feel to the table. So many shapes and sizes are available here! All totally reasonably priced. 

My favorite picks in the store are definitely the kiddie printed aprons ($13-$17), mini rolling pins ($6), funky cookie cutters, and cupcake toppers. I just envisioned my girls and myself in the kitchen with dirty hands kneading dough, laughing and making a floury mess in our kitchen. I think a few of these items wrapped up for a child makes just the sweetest little unique gift!

Fantes is for both professional chefs and those who want to feel like one. A fun place to visit either way, and a classic stop in the Italian Market.
Though it may not be evident from the number of restaurant reviews I write, I really *love* to cook.  And I really love kitchen wares and kitchen gadgets.  I worship at the altar of my cherry red Le Creuset set.  I covet my microplane, my immersion blender, my mandoline, my GarlicZoom.  I read cookbooks cover to cover.  So when I walked into Fante's, it was like being called home...like a warm blanket being wrapped around my shoulders...like being serenaded in a gondola on the Venetian canals.

This store is immense, deceptively so from the small window that fronts 9th Street.  They carry every kitchen supply you could conceive of and then some.  They have an impressive selection of cookware from copper pots to cast iron to colors of Le Creuset I've never seen anywhere else (lilac? beige?).  If you're looking for a waffle iron, a coffee grinder, a juicer, Lidia Bastianich's latest publication, piping tips, or corncob shaped muffin tins, Fante's has them.  There's a whole section devoted to coffee, one of my deepest vices.  A huge room at the back contains nothing but bake ware for those of you who have the patience to measure and mix (I don't).  Moms -- just back from a trip to Italy with the Pops -- picked up a moka pot for herself and a parmesan cheese cellar for a friend.  

Fante's has everything you could possibly need to outfit a most amazing Italian kitchen from pasta rollers to pizzelle presses.  It has everything you could possibly need to outfit a most amazing kitchen based on your own personal tastes, really.  Moms and I spent well over an hour browsing, and we could easily have spent more.  Price points are all over the spectrum, from the affordable to the mega-splurge.  And the staff is incredibly knowledgeable and readily helpful.  I love Williams Sonoma, Sur la Table, etc., but they got nuthin' on this unique little independent wonder.  If you love your kitchen, make Fante's a destination.
For the serious cook and baker, Fante's in the Italian Market has been a staple for decades.  My Mom-Mom used to let us tag along when she stocked up on cardboard cake rounds and decorating tools during her baking heyday in the 80s, and she still sends me here for necessities that just aren't available in Lancaster. 

In addition to a wonderland of baking supplies, Fante's has every kind of kitchen tool you could ever need. Le Creuset cocottes, German and Japanese knives, Silpats, parchment paper, wooden spoons and utensils in a million iterations -- if a recipe calls for it, you're going to find it here. The employees are all cooks and bakers, so you can ask questions and be guided if you need it.  

I'm adamantly averse to spending my money at chichi Williams-Sonoma, so I feel lucky Fante's is pretty much right down the street. It is truly a local business worth cheering.
working in a place that has a smell that i'm immune to makes me really appreciate a place with a smell i can smell, so is fantes, but thats hardly the reason i give 5 stars.
 they do have the best selection ever, even of coffees.
some of the things they sell are very expensive but not overpriced, something to look forward to when you "make it". they do also have a great staff, i've heard them talk people out of some crappy products (though you do have to wonder why they have some crappy products). i got my set of peugeot salt and pepper crackers here and they RULE!   on a sad note, for years, years, i looked at that copper still and never talked myself into it, now, its gone and here i sit getting drunk off of someones elses booze.
theres a lesson in that, friends. that lesson is, buy a still.
I became obsessed with aspirin powder during a trip to South Carolina to celebrate my brother's graduation from boot camp. The difference in air pressure in the muggy swamps of the south was completely rocking my brain. The only pain reliever at the local gas station was aspirin powder and I was...skeptical. But it worked almost immediately. 

Back home the Mid-Atlantic has little to offer in the way of powdered pain relievers and having aspirin shipped to me seemed a tad ridiculous. So I got creative and finally purchased a mortar and pestle from Fante's. A gorgeous, Caribbean-blue Le Creuset mortar and pestle. Now I can play old-timey pharmacist and make my own! I mash the shit out of some aspirin. Sometimes, I even mix it with honey for a homemade face mask. Or make my own guac. 

This was the first piece that started my Le Creuset collection from Fante's. I've since bought the cast iron tagine and kettle and I'm saving up for one of the 9-piece sets. The ladies are always super sweet and knowledgeable so you don't feel bad spending some cash on quality kitchen wares. 

Go here. Make something at home. Or rather make something there--they have classes, you know. Anyone in for Cake Decorating?
Is it weird that Fante's is one of the reason why I love Philly so much? I accidentally stumbled upon this store thinking it was a small kitchenware shop. Hello, huge!!!! A girl loves when that happens.

If I ever tie the knot I want 90% of my registry to come from this magnificent store. I mean they have things not just casual cooks need-- like it's not all about gadgets-- they have very sophisticated tools that above average chef would need. As a self-proclaimed above average baker, this store rocked my socks off. And yes, that is a compliment.
I love cooking and have been to every kitchen shop in the city.  In fact, I stopped in one a couple of weeks ago and felt bad for the people who were going there instead of Fante's.  Philly kitchen stores tend to be CRAZY expensive.  This place is so affordable.  It's JAM PACKED.  I'm talking anything and everything you would need for any project in the kitchen they have.  

It's always busy and the past couple of times there's even been a line at the check out, so this is no hidden gem.  However the staff is AMAZING and will help you find anything you need.  They'll answer any questions as well as make suggestions if you want them.  I've not had their coffee but on the opposite side they have tons of options.  

Everything I've bought here has been functional, great quality, and solid prices.  You should also follow them on social media if you live close by because they do some really cool events.  They had the chef from Zahav there signing his cooking book and testing some food which was pretty awesome.  

Also, I get my knives sharpened here.  It's $2.50 and they have it done (even when crowded) within 15 minutes.  I usually drop it off and then stroll the italian market.  

STOP HERE!
Seriously good stock with knowledgeable staff, but they strongly discriminate against anyone even remotely scruffy-looking.  A little bit of patience on my part usually gets around this, but seriously.  You're a local business that I'd like to support, and you've seen a lot of money from my wallet, so stop being jerks.

Yes, I cook.  No, I don't like being talked down to.  Don't look at me funny when I ask where to buy clear flour.  Don't try to sell me single-use gadgets I don't need.  Please stay open past 1 on Sundays, as some of us live weird lives, and we need our damn knives sharpened, too!
I don't shop at Fante's that often, though it is the type of store that I love; old, meandering, stocking hard to find items with parking just difficult enough to make you really appreciate it once you're in.  When I need utilitarian kitchen items, I'll go to one of the cavernous Asian stores in the neighborhood and come away with fresh squid while I'm at it.  But for that gift for the really serious cook, I go and feel good about patronizing a Philly icon and not the slick interloper from California, Williams-Sonoma.  And for those rare baking tools like tiny barquettes and French coeur ala creme molds, few places can match their inventory.  You'd have a great inventory too if you were collecting stuff for over a century.  And when I do go, it's Fante's, Tallutto's and Claudio's.  You can't give up that parking space so easily.
This is like the Toys'R'us for people who love to cook. I was referred to Fante's by a local who said I needed to go. As I'm walking through, I'm wondering why I didn't bring a bigger suitcase to Philly.

The place just goes on and on, they have everything you didn't even know you needed. After staring at the extracts, wondering how to transport them - the solution was easy, order them online and have them shipped. 

I wandered through and found kitchen gadgets. I wanted to buy a couple inspiring pieces that would get me cooking. I bought a hand friendly vegetable peeler, a bamboo sushi mat and rice spoon, a crinkle cut knife and a kitty shaped creamer. 

I love my little kitchen toys and Fante's kitchen shop. I highly recommend this place for the cook in you. You know you deserve it.
I can only speak about the coffee as I've purposefully avoided the kitchen gadget portion of the store for fear of homelessness. One of these days I will linger on the kitchen side but for now I am perfectly happy in the coffee room of Fante's. 

To begin with, there is something you should know about me, I am a huge coffee snob. So much so that my boyfriend became fed up with my nitpicking and harsh reviews (off Yelp) about the inconsistent coffee I've found in Philadelphia. To combat the issue, and perhaps to make a point, he bought me a fancy coffeemaker for Valentine's Day with the accompanying remark to "go ahead and make it better yourself!" (sweet isn't he?) 

Luckily, he also gave me two bags of Fante's coffee to start with; the Vanilla Almond and the Private Estate and I am completely hooked. I've already been back to Fante's for more of the Vanilla Almond which is unbelievably good. It has the right depth of flavor and robustness but the ground almond pieces and the vanilla bean just take it to a whole new level. The Private Estate is really good and has a deep flavor that is the perfect way to really perk up your day. I've also tried the Alice's Restaurant ("walk right in it's around the back. Just a half a mile from the railroad track. You can get anything you want at..." ahh the memories) and the Vanilla Hazelnut. The Alice's Restaurant is a little close to diner coffee for me but in a good diner way so I may buy a small bag in the future. The Vanilla Hazelnut (that I am currently enjoying) is wonderful although not my favorite of the bunch. Half pound bags are around $5.50 and full pounds around $9, which is completely reasonable considering the amount I was dropping around town for coffee I wasn't nearly as excited for. 

Beyond my new obsession for the beans, the staff I encountered at Fante's was professional, knowledgeable and really wants to ensure that the customer gets exactly what they want in the way that they want it (if only everything in life were like that). I was educated on the different beans, and not in that lecturing way, and even given a free cup of small coffee so I could try a blend that I was curious about. I am officially a Fante's coffee groupie!
I love Fante's. I took a fondant and gumpaste course here and I learned so much! They carry everything I could ever want/need even metal pizzelle irons, which are hard to come by. They also have every other baking, cooking, and any other specialty supplies you may need.

The staff are all so kind and super helpful! Go here for all of your kitchen needs!

Oh and I don't know if you can register there but I sure wish I would have registered there for my wedding!
DO NOT ENTER unless you have a culinary mission, a set amount you can spend, and are on a tight schedule. Do NOT look in your peripheral vision, be sure to resist all distraction, and DO NOT  succumb to the smell of delicious coffee from the cafe area. And regardless of what your impulses tell you, if you haven't used your waffle iron, ice cream maker, bundt pan or wine identification tags by now YOU AREN'T GOING TO.  If you are unsure where to head upon entering and you start feeling confused and distracted by silicone spatulas or beautiful collections of copper cookware, seek out a person wearing a green apron immediately. You will be directed wherever you need to go. 
A case of mason jars for the gifting of your homemade jams? Done. Novelty ice cube trays? OOOhhhh, well, let me show you THESE..... And if you'd like a pasta making demo, there'll be one at 11 a.m. 
           Well, you fail. AGAIN. You have now wasted 2 hours, $300.00, and are sitting drinking a butterfinger latte in the window looking out onto 9th Street. But look at the positive - your Christmas shopping is done. And you DID need a new motorized pepper mill.
How can a place that has twenty varieties of spatulas get anything less than five stars? Seriously, if you need anything for your kitchen or baking needs (or twenty varieties of coffee), Fante's is the place to go.
Fante's is a gem in the heart of the Italian Market.  Even if you're not in the market for some new kitchen gadgets, you'll be sure to find something you need, ahem, want here.  I don't think I've ever entered Fante's and left empty-handed.  Perhaps my favorite part of the place is the coffee section.  Not only do they carry seasonal whole-beans, but I really enjoy gawking at all of the espresso and coffee makers.  

In true Italian Market fashion, the staff is super friendly and helpful.  Whether you need a gift for the cook or baker in your family or just want some delicious coffee to get you through the week, Fante's has you covered.
My parents and grandparents cooked and baked from scratch.  That love and passion was genetically passed down to me.  If you enjoy being in the kitchen, then you need to walk through Fante's in the Italian Market.  It might be easier to write about what they don't have rather than what you will find there.  Baking supplies, cooking supplies, gadgets, kitchenware, etc...  I don't have too many friends that are passionate about that, but to thank the maid-of-honor in our wedding, who was finishing up pastry school, we brought her there and said load up a cart. 

They have an online presence, but there is just something so special about walking through the store and looking at everything packed into the space.   They offer classes for different cooking techniques.  They can even sharpen your knives.  It's nice to see the sizes of everything they sell too.  Maybe you need a smaller wooden spoon, they have it...  Do you need a larger spatula, it's right there.  The pricing is pretty good, but incredibly fair if you care about quality.  You can get cheaper things made in China or pay a bit more and get something better quality that might last you a much longer time.
Ooohhh...I love this place so much!! Especially the "2nd floor" with the baking supplies/decorations and funky ice trays.  I always make a point to meander about whenever I'm in the Italian Market.  Stopped by this Saturday and picked up some art deco cupcake wrappers (because even on a tight budget, who DOESN'T need those?) and a "cool jazz" guitar-shaped ice tray. http://fantes.com/images/12911ice.jpg

I'd spend so much more time and money here if I could - avocado peelers/slices, bubblegum pink Kitchenaid mixers, clay cookers for tangines...the list is endless.
This place is heaven in my eyes, all the sharp knives / sprinkles and the kitchen gadgets you never thought you would need until it's staring at you off the wall. The staff was just as helpful and enthusiastic, hell I would be too if I was there all day. 

This is a new staple place for me, I need to get my knives sharpened and the price I was quoted was incredibly reasonable.
Fante's is hard to beat. Selection is encyclopedic. Folks there are friendly and real 99% of the time. Pricing is very competitive.


We buy plenty of our professional supplies there.
If you are searching for ANY kitchen appliance or accessory. Look no further. With two floors packed to the ceilings full of pots, pans, gadgets, utensils, gizmos, and every other imaginable kitchen item you WILL find something you were looking for or needed even if you didn't know you needed it! It is a family owned business that has been around forever and everyone I have ever dealt with with in person or over the phone has been super nice. And if you get dizzy or exhausted from scouring the shelves for things you didn't know existed but now must have just pop into the little espresso section and you will be revitalized just from the smell of the wonderful stuff! (this coming from a non-coffee drinker who loves the smell)
Deceptively small, Fante's is the most comprehensive kitchen/baking/gadget supply store ever. They have solid everyday cookware for the beginner chef and upscale lines like Le Creuset. A whole backroom filled with nothing but baking accoutrement. A sideroom for coffee and tea afficionados. And they teach classes in cake decorating which sounds like a craft I should take up. They've got gadgets and gizmos aplenty; they've got whozits and whatzits galore; You want thingamabobs? They've got twenty. 

But who cares? No big deal. You want more you say?!?! What's more is that these items are extremely well edited, solving everyday kitchen conundrums with ease. For instance, I bought toppers for both liter and can soda to vacuum seal them so they don't go flat in-between gin & rosewater tonics I make at home. Yumzos. Back in fizz-ness! (Sorry I just had to!) 

I also nabbed a real deal panini press on super clearance and have panini-fied every meal since--a great purchase to pick up in the middle of the Italian market near all the specialty meat and cheese shops. Yay for Prima Donna cheese! The super helpful staff gave me instructions on taking care of my new cast iron purchase and even gave me a take-home cheatsheet! 

Fante's is incredible and I'm proud to consider it a Philly staple.
They're about as good at it gets when it comes to selection.  I'm an online customer, and I freakin' love this place.  I've liked their customer service- informed staff that's been great with working with me, and the most mind blowing selection.

They have one of the most diverse selection of Romertopf and Schlemmertopf clay glazed/unglazed bakers and roasters as well as an excellent selection of Tagines.

Chances are, if you're looking for a specialty cooking/baking equipment/tool, this should be the first place online to poke your head into.
Wow, I never thought I could be so in love with a kitchen store. So much so, that I woke up this morning looking for an excuse to come back. What impressed me most about Fante's was their authentic kitchen supplies imported straight from Italy. Any type of pasta you can dream of making is possible with their extensive pasta accessory section. I fell in love with their selection of coffee and espresso making tools. Fante's really made me wish I had a gigantic kitchen that I could stock all of their goodies in. I'm not planning on getting married anytime soon, but I did ask, and they do wedding registries!! Now, gotta find a groom...
Since I am a lover of all things having to do with cooking and food, this place was heaven to me. It kind of reminded me of a place that would be in Diagon Alley (yes I am a Harry Potter fan... and what?! I have no shame in my game). The assortment of pots, pans, spices and flavorings were a delight to my soul. Yes... my soul.

I bought a bottle of pure vanilla for $4! So cheap! Plus they had flavorings that I never knew existed: pineapple and peach brandy, for example. I could not contain my excitement.

 This is a great place to go if you want to avoid commercialized places like Bed, Bath and Beyond and Kitchen Kapers.
If you need it....even down to the obscure kitchen item, chances are, Fante's will have it.   When I lived in Philly, (I was new to the area) I had a friend who had gastric bypass surgery which is no walk in the park.  One of the things he could have was small ice cubes to suck on...yet everywhere I checked, every store, etc...those small cocktail ice trays were nowhere to be found.  I did what every resourceful person would do...I looked online.  After about 10 minutes of searching I finally found somewhere that sold them.  Fante's.  Lo' and behold they were in my own "backyard"!  I went there immediately and was blown away.  I had no idea that such a modest sized store would have so many specialty, hard to find, items.  I recall some pretty interesting pasta machines and presses.  If you're a baker, the entire back room is devoted to baking items, specialty pans, etc.  As it is located in the heart of the Italian Market, this is a great addition to your day of shopping for select cuts of prime meats, cheeses and fresh produce.

Definitely someplace to go see and take stock.
I first fell in love with Fante's when their rainbow display of KitchenAid mixers in the front window stopped me dead in my tracks. Tucked into the Italian Market, the store appeared deceptively compact to me. Further exploration revealed that it's much bigger than one might think, with several rooms of culinary items ranging from necessities to "what the hell is that for?" types of things. Whether you're looking for a copper stock pot, a fondue fork, a coffee grinder or a duck press (yes, there really is such a thing), you'll find it here. And the prices aren't bad, either.
Chef knives and lots of them.  That's what I think about when I think about Fante's.  I love cookware almost as much as I love office supplies (and I have a fetish for office supplies).  They have pretty much any cutting implement you could possibly want, fondue pots, pastry torches, pots and pans, espresso machines, kitchen utensils and cookbooks.  They aren't the cheapest place to buy things needed for a kitchen, but I'd rather spend my money here than at Tarjay.  

They also have a little coffeebar attached.  It has great beans but the staff is not always up to brewing them correctly.
I believe that it is fitting that I decided to visit Fante's for my first time on Sunday because this place is a temple for those who love to cook or for those who love to eat well, but cook in order to do so. Whether you are first starting out and looking to outfit your first home, or someone like me who has pretty much everything they need, Fante's is a dream. The prices are fair, maybe high on some things, but quite reasonable on other things. If you are one of those people who will hunt the internet and a 20 mile radius, perhaps you can find certain things cheaper. For those of us, who'd rather not spend months price-hunting, this place is a one stop shop. 

I like that when you enter, the salespeople for the most part let you browse quietly but are unobtrusively watchful in case you have questions. If you do have questions, say, "I'm trying to decide between this one and the other," they have a seasoned answer for you based on clear experience and prior customers. I appreciate a frank opinion that takes in account one's personal budget, which is exactly what I got.

That said, this place has an amazing selection, but an edited one. You won't find 20,000 different kinds of skillets, just 20 that range price points, material and size. These are chosen with quality and value in mind so as not to waste your time. In addition, the organization is wonderful for a place that has a staggering range of products. 

Tip: If you think you might be back, sign up for their customer loyalty program. They promise not to sell your name or spam you. A little extra back goes a long way to outfitting the kitchen of your dreams.
A baker's paradise - 'nough said!

Plus, they sell pretty much anything you might ever need in the kitchen. I guarantee you that if some fancy chef has it on a reality cooking show, Fante's stocks it! 

And, it's family owned and community focused, which makes it even better!
I believe that you get what you pay for, and although many things I end up drooling over at Fante's are a smidgen out of my price range, I'll gladly stroll in to keep the drool flowing.  This is a great shop, with helpful staff, and YES - the coffees are delish!  You can easily find a very flavorful and reasonably priced fair trade coffee bean here.  In fact I'm hooked on their coffee at the moment.  A huge draw for me is simply its location.  It's a prime spot if you're a market shopper on the weekends, like me.
Absolutely, the friendliest family owned business in the world, and who doesn't like a good cooking pan?  This store just makes me really happy.
Go with an item or two in mind, and prepare to have your mind blown by its sheer awesomeness. One of my favorite shops in Philly.

Only complaint: While I appreciate having so many helpful staff around, it gets sort of awkward when they are literally Everywhere.  Like Secret Service at an inauguration. Gives me a minor case of the heebie jeebies, and makes me feel less inclined to stick around to browse (even if and when I really, really want to).

But go!  Landmark, lovely and relevant to Philly foodies!
The most difficult part of a visit to Fantes is finding parking, but it's woth the hunt, as everything else you're looking for, for your kitchen or cooking needs, you will find. Extensive knife, cookware, gadgets, etc. and if-by some misfortune of fate-they don't have the unique item you seek, their experienced staff WILL know of it and will help you find it -as they did when I needed a 10 gallon stainless pot (gumbo for a party-don't ask!) but they sent me directly to where to get it! It is my go to shop for all things kitchen and if you visit, it will be yours too...
You will find everything kitchen here. Think Kitchen Kapers but more unorganized and a smaller place packed with more things. And the good thing about this place is that if you search you can find some really retro pieces. (Think 70's orange teapot).
Oh, Fantes, how I miss thee! You are a part of those institutions, establishments, and experiences that make Philadelphia such a liveable, real city. It's true. I didn't appreciate you at first. I did long for a Williams Sonoma and its slick, polished displays. But that's because I didn't understand you, your lack of pretension, your artless and jam-packed organization. I didn't realize what you offered was a very carefully, thoughtfully edited collection of the best, no-nonsense culinary goods (regardless of price, name recognition, etc.) that would introduce me to the joy of cooking. Or that, if at a loss out of ignorance or impatience, I should just seek the help of one of your incredibly knowledgeable staff who would lead me like a heat seeking missile to what would make my time in the kitchen not only bearable but pleasurably self-enhancing. My knives grow dull without your knife sharpening service since I apparently can't sharpen them properly. I've had to settle for poor imitations of French canning jars, which you offered rows upon rows and in great variety at incredibly reasonable prices. Without you and your trove of kitchen implements that inspire me to learn new ways in the kitchen to justify my returning to purchase them, I am settling into a repetitive, uninventive, and spiritless rut in the kitchen and reminiscing the days when you enlivened my culinary experience. See, I'm becoming lost again without you to guide my hand in the kitchen to nourish myself with inspired meals... Sigh!
Fante's is the absolute best place to get really good kitchen equipment, and it's a Philly institution.  I grew up hearing my mom singing this place's praises, and she definitely is right about it.  Every year for Christmas, my mom makes pizelles (okay, we're Irish, and she makes Italian cookies, whatever).  Her pizelles are famous among people who know her, and I usually help her make them.  Well, when I was a kid, she got tired of making them one at a time on the stove, so she told my dad to get her an electric pizelle iron from Fante's.  He didn't feel like going to South Philly, so he got her one from somewhere else, and, let me tell you, this thing made pizelles that were more like waffles than anything (pizelles are very thin and look like big snowflakes).  Of course, my mom made him go to Fante's after that and buy her a good pizelle iron and some real anise oil for her cookies, and the Fante's equipment made cookies that were 100% better than the ones we had to make on the non-Fante's iron.  Now, every year, my mom's pizelles are thin, crispy, and oh so yummy.  

When I move to a new apartment (which will be soon), I'm definitely going to Fante's to get good, grown-up kitchen ware for my new place.  My stuff from college is starting to get old, and Fante's has the absolute best stuff around.  I could spend hours browsing their selection.
I love any excuse to go to Fante's.  I love thinking about the delicious things I am going to bake with the fancy cocoa and lovely pans I buy there.  I used to buy loose tea there but price won out at the spice corner down the street.  

Go there for any specialty cooking, baking or knife need.  And just pretty stuff that you wish you had the money and cabinet space for.
One word: wow! Need I say more? Despite being a non-cook yet I certainly know how to eat and dine well in spotting high quality cooking and prepartion. Move over Crate & Barrel and Williams-Sonoma as Fante's Kitchen Wares gargantuan with a culinary tools of the trade in nearly every form imaginable.  My two very good friends who are self-proclaimed cooks were giving me a mini lesson on kitchen gadgets which many I have never encountered.  

Everywhere I browsed within Fante's there was always an associate ready, willing and able to assist with any questions without hesitation, without bothering their time.  Price is reasonable without breaking the bank unlike Crate & Barrel or Williams-Sonoma.  Culinary tools of the trade are just more than just a brand name but the use and functionally to conjure amazing delicious entrées in whisking guests/clients to nirvana.

N.B. Patrons beware of the steep ramp when deceasing to the lower level as it was very steep.
This is an amazing store with fantastic customer service! If you purchase things that are made in the U.S.A you will get double points on your reward account. 

There is even a coffee shop in the store that has freshly brewed selections.
I have been going to Fantes for decades and have always enjoyed the experience until I tried to return something I did not end up needing--packaged, preformed confectionary roses. I bought them one a Saturday and tried to return them the next Saturday when I learned they do not accept any foodstuff for returns because although the item was still unopened "they don't know how it was stored." The food professional in me appreciates that however the customer in me thinks it is BS. After all, I don't know know how the product was stored before I bought, nor does it have a date stamp on it, but i bought it anyway. Shoprite never blinks an eye when I return ANYTHING!  If they have this policy they should tell when you are checking out --hey, this is not returnable, ok? Instead of expecting you to notice an 8.5 x 11 inch sign behind the counter that is posted on a wall with four thousand other signs. These days everyone returns everything! From a customer service perspective, the $6 would have been worth refunding to preserve my positive perspective. Will be looking for a new place for my cake supplies. Old world charm should not be confused with old school customer service policies.
Fante's is the place I go to when I want something specialized or of supreme quality. When you're buying a high end knife set, or an expensive coffee press, it's always a good idea to actually see it first. I've had some bad experiences buying online when something I thought was high quality turns out not to actually be so nice. After the hassle of the return, I come here.

The staff has always been very helpful, and the quality and selection unmatched in our area. Located in the heart of the Italian market, a visit here for an amateur chef is akin to art fanatics wandering the Museum of art. Hold one of the $1000 copper mixing bowls and tell me you're not amazed and secretly desiring to one day have a complete collection of such things. Or perhaps a wooden spoon that could double as a frat paddle for that *special* dinner friends.

Ohmy.

There are items for the budget conscious as well, so don't think there's nothing you can afford. Pretty much they can get you set up with what you need for what you have to spend. The 'good better best' approach.

Fante's is as much a part of Philly as the Italian market itself, and no visit to the area would be complete without a wander through here and some cheese form Claudio's!
Every Valentine's Day, we balk at the expensive flowers and chocolate trend and I ask to get my knives sharpened.  What says 'I love you' more than super sharp, easy cutting knives?

We thought that Fante's would be convenient.  I told my husband to call and confirm as it was a Saturday and I figured that they closed early.  He was told to come right down.  We live only a few miles away but Saturdays are busy for the area and parking is difficult.

He arrived and was told that the man who sharpens wasn't there.  Ok, fine, he can drop them off and pick up on his way home from work?  No, dropping off allowed.  They were extremely and unnecessarily rude.  We have made many purchases there, but will be going elsewhere.

Oh and the hubby usually still gets me some chocolate for V-day.

P.S. 1995 is calling and they want their website back.
oh, fante's, you call to me!! with walls strewn with devices i don't need, but definitely want. 

that whole bakery land in the back? sure! i need items from there, too. do i bake much? no..why do you ask??

it smells so good, the wooden floors creak lovingly, the worker bees are lovely....oh, how can i do you less than 5 stars?
love the coffee smell that emanates within this place. havent been here in a while but they definately offer lots of cooking oddities. love their fine assortment of spices, and loose leaf teas.  they also have some of the most splendid kitchen gadgets.
WHAT AN AMAZING STORE ! My wife bought a fantastic crepe pan for around 20 bucks when we were visiting Philly a few years back. This place has every item, utensil, device, or appliance you might want in a kitchen !
My friend visited last week and suggested we stop by Fante's.  Little did I know a wonderland of kitchen goods awaited.

Fante's is well-organized and stocked full of baking and cooking ware.  Adorable cupcake wrappers, crepe pans, garlic presses, knives, oven mitts, fun and intense gadgets.. this place has it all.

I walked away with a set of 6 small containers with lids for dressing, and a garlic press.  Was I tempted to learn how to make crepes with the awesome crepe pan?  Yes.  But that's where the balance between expanding one's cooking potential versus being real about your habits.  There is (almost) too much potential in this store!
Came here back in college for cooking supplies upon the recommendation of a chef for a culinary class. Came back recently to see how the pricing + products compared to places that I'm currently shopping for stuff for my food biz. 5 minutes after I walked in several staff members were following me around trying to get me to leave because it was close to closing. (1) Why are there 20 staff members manning an empty store? (2) It was extremely uncomfortable. No one likes being followed around while they are shopping.
I have been ordering online from Fante's for years, with nothing but great service and product.

While in Philly for a weekend we visited the shop in person for the first time. 

Like I suspected, it was wonderful. The staff are so friendly and kind it makes you want to hang out all day.
If you love aggressive salespeople that continuously talk to you as you're trying to browse, then Fante's is the place for you. 

To the gruff old lady that camps out in front of the pepper mill grinders: my reason for buying a pepper mill grinder is going to be based on my own subjective reasoning. I'm not considering the best seller or which will last the longest or which grinds the best. No, I am thinking about which will look best with my collection of owl knick-knacks on the window sill. Or "Aw, this one is made by Peugeot. Quaint." I don't want to share these thoughts with you, I just want to be left to my own arbitrary decision-making.

I do love their selection of coffee beans, and that they have anything I could ever possibly need in the kitchen (training chopsticks with fun animals, anyone?).
You know you are spending too much time in a shop  (and $$$) when you comment to the guy at the register...

" Hey I got out of here today under $50!"

And he responds with a wink, "I must not be doing my job well today then!"

Yeah, it's that type of place for the cooks and foodies among us. Don't bring a credit card, or if you do bring a chaperone.
A trip to the Italian Market needs to include a trip here. And when you go bring that shopping list filled with items you only read about and never actually found; this is specialty cooking tool heaven. Locally and independently owned is a nice touch. Just don't get lost once you're in here, the expansive layout means it could be days before anyone finds you, and you may still not be ready to leave when they do.
I don't even really cook or otherwise spend much time in the kitchen, but I stopped by here because it's apparently the only place in Philly that has Belgian pearl sugar. (I was on a quest to make Luikse wafels, aka gaufres de Liege. A QUEST.)

They answered my email super quickly, even on a day they were closed, which is always a plus. They had plenty of sugar for a very reasonable price, and I overheard another customer excitedly telling an employee that Fante's was the only place in the whole city where he could find some particular ingredient. This place is clown car-esque--much bigger on the inside than it looks from the outside.

I didn't get out without buying a random spatula, though (they have a whole WALL of colored spatulas, what was I supposed to do??) so the Boy wasn't too happy with my overall trip. But I was!

(And yes, wafel success. YUM.)
Ranks up there with Williams Sonoma. I do agree that pots and pans are a tad more expensive than going to WS. Same case for some of the knives, although you can find some more of the obscure models here. The selection for baking items is quite good. I like to buy unbleached parchment sheets and cheese cloths here. I just love the section with all the pasta making accessories.

I find that the grumpy old ladies finish off the character of a store in the Italian Market. Go a few doors down to Villa di Roma and you'll find your grumpy old Italian waitresses. Without them, it just doesn't feel like S.Philly and the Italian Market.

I do have to say though, that the grumpy old ladies do show you in the right direction when you ask.
I miss Fantes almost daily, as much for its affordable, massive professional kitchen supplies as the cheap espressos prepared with an old school Italian machine.  

I used to stop by for odds and ends, unroasted coffee beans and cheap squid ink concentrate.  The staff tends to know their stuff and you can get knives sharpened here.
Fante's is like a Williams Sonoma with heart and soul and a lot more variety.  It only makes sense that a city like Philadelphia with its food obsession would have a homegrown kitchen goods store that surpasses most online kitchen retailers.  

The aisles are filled with the best quality kitchen items from cappucino/espresso machines to spice racks to knife collections to the best baking selection I've ever seen in a store.  I'm a baker and not so much a cook and it's very difficult to find some flavorings and such a nice selection of cake decorating tips/supplies.

The staff is always very helpful and it's very quick to get in an out...if anyone actually wanted to do that!

Prices are sticky--sometimes I peruse and end up buying something cheaper online.
Can we transport this to Chicago right now?

My friend recommended I stop in here if i like kitchen gadgets. She knows me too well. What's unfortunate for me is that I couldn't afford to pack 8 suitcases to bring home everything I wanted.

Anything kitchen you possibly need is here. Amazing baking section too. And a whole molecular gastronomy section. And a whole extract section (I was unaware I needed banana extract, but I will find a reason for it!). Great place to stock a basic kitchen, or just if you like to spend your money on everything and anything to cook/bake/host with, go here. I'll admit, had I been walking by on 9th, if I hadn't been told how amazing it was, I wouldn't have ever stopped in. The window front is very unassuming. Maybe that's a good thing. Saving yourself from spending!
Fante's is just my kinda place.

Cooking is such fun. I love it, so for me Fante's is a slice of paradise. It's stocked!

 Fante's is a wonderland full of all the quality tools your ever-lovin kitchen could ever need, and more. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable... This shop is absolutely one of the highlights of the Italian Market.

As I shop there I have to fight with all my might not to fall into an delirious trance. I lose all sense of time. I try not to be a cooking gadget addict, but it's work...  It's exceedingly difficult to not let my eyes glaze, dreamily uttering, "Love...cherish..." while perhaps cradling a Le Creuset dutch oven, or a fine mesh chinoise, like an infant, or uh, something. It's within the realm of possibility.
Fante's is without question the best kitchen shop in all of Philadelphia, and hands down the best kitchen shop I have personally been to. Not only do they have everything you would ever need for culinary experimentation but they often have varying price points of each option to fit your budget. On top of this, the staff is extremely knowledgeable on any topic and is sure to answer whatever obscure questions you have.

The one downside, it is impossible to leave without buying something which is worth noting if you are trying to save for your next vacation.
UPDATE: an even better experience in person. Lots and lots of quality products. All of the staff was friendly and helpful. The best kitchen supply shop I've ever been to... and I've been to a lot of them!

Pro tip... always look up. Above many of the display racks are interesting old kitchen implements. 

EARLIER REVIEW:

This review is for online catalogue and mail order service only. 

Surprisingly I've known of Fante's for years but always been able to buy kitchen supplies locally. So never even looked at their offerings. But as times changed I finally had the need an took a look. 

Fante's has a very comprehensive catalogue that is well organized and easy to navigate on both desktop and mobile platforms. The basket and checkout process is among the best I've used. 

The cooking gear seems very high quality and prices are as expected. The unique products focus on Italian cooking. In this genre, Fante's seems to beet the competition in price and availability. For example, there is a good range of Corzetti stamps (for a round pasta with impressed patterns). These are a plain unfinished wood (boxwood?) while other suppliers may use fancier woods that they varnish. But these are authentic, made in Italy, and perfectly functional. 

Shipping is free by ground UPS, with tracking, for orders over $49. I think faster shipping is available if in a rush and don't mind paying. Well packed, too, to ensure product is received in perfect condition Cross-country order took about a week. Not bad!
Great selection of kitchen stuffs, this store has always had what I wanted when it came to the kitchen. Bonus, what they have is always high quality at fair prices. I've gotten cute mason jars and glass pitcher here. A bit far from where I live located in the Italian Market, but worth the extra commute to get what I want. Recommended for all your cooking needs!
No matter what kitchen item you're looking for, you'll find at least five different versions of it. The selection really is incredible.

But there's more. The coffee section at Fante's is the only place I know in Philly where I can buy seven different varieties of green (unroasted) coffee beans to roast at home. If however you don't roast coffee like me, then you can enjoy selecting your beans from the at least 50 options available. And for this, I have to give them 5 stars.
Living in the city, when I need to buy household basics I'm always tempted to drive out to the 'burbs and the big box stores to find what I want.  

Walking through the Italian Market, Fante's you'd never imagine Fante's was so big or that they'd always have exactly what you're looking for.  Every space is jam-packed everything you could possibly need for cooking from any cuisine.  Walk into the back space and they have a ridiculous selection of baking supplies.  Staff is super friendly and can help you find that elusive item you can't find anywhere else.  

They can be expensive but everything is such high quality I don't mind spending a few extra dollars.
I always feel like a kid in a candy store when I am surrounded by cookware.  I purchased a large cake pan here today to do a water bath for a cheesecake I want to bake in the near future.  I must say that Fante's has a very good selection of basic cooking implements in addition to the upscale.  They have a huge baking section with a whole shelf with just extracts of this-and-that and about ten different flour sifters to choose from just to give you an idea of the variety of items that they stock.
This store is fabulous for chefs and bakers ( amateur or professional). As an amateur baker with fancy taste in supplies, craft stores like Michaels and Joann Fabric fall short of my needs. Fantes has an excellent selection of pans, pastry tips, extracts, molds, cutters, liners and more! The prices are comparable, possibly a tad more expensive  to anything I have ordered from other vendors online but to save on the shipping is key, especially when you're only looking for one specific item.  The staff is always friendly and helpful and they often have demonstrations going on.  They also have a rewards program where you can earn gift cards. Take a trip to the italian market to check this sweet little shop out. Make a morning of it. You won't be disapointed.
Dayuuum this place has EVERYTHING.  Don't be fooled by what it looks like from the outside, they have it all.  Any and every type of kitchen gadget or small appliance that you can think of, and then more that you haven't thought of.  Make sure you go into the back room, because it's even bigger than the front part.  Also check out their coffee bar on the side.  They make a really good mocha.  

I recently brought my aunt there, who is a semi-professional baker.  She went crazy and stayed well over an hour, spending hundreds of dollars on bags of items because the prices were so good and she saw things she never sees in other stores.  I also like smelling all of the pure essences in the back room.  Omg - the most delicious smells.  I just need to figure out what I can use them for and I'll be back to pick some up.
Fante's is my "cheers" .... apparently everybody knows my name because my husband and I go in there several times a week. Sometimes to pick up a new gadget sometimes just to browse and get inspired. We are lucky to live only a few blocks away, so if I ever need something in the middle of a recipe, I just run over to Fante's to pick it up. This has saved me more than once.....I mean how can you make creme brulee if your brulee-er has run out of gas! Their selection is unparalleled. They carry everything that you could find in the lame-o chain stores (cough cough Williams Sonoma cough cough) for a better price AND if they don't have something specific in the store (mmmm lil Le Creuset pear) they'll order it just for you. Even if we lived farther away, I'd still make time to come to Fante's (my sister from Baltimore and my mother in law from France also have it on their must visit lists for trips to Philadelphia!!). I just can't say enough good things about this place, come in and see for yourself!
I finally made it over to this shop this morning. So glad I did! I needed several knives sharpened. They do not handle serrated or ceramic knives, but the remaining half dozen knives were quickly and professionally sharpened while I waited, which was only about twenty minutes. I asked about a filet knife and sharpening stones while I waited. The information was very helpful. I will be going back!
This place is awesome.  The best.  You need anything kitchen related - they have it (well minus pearled sugar for sugar waffles, but IKEA has that.  just FYI)
The people who work here are super helpful - always willing to help you out.  Their recommendations have always been spot on.  The prices aren't bad either. 
One bit of advice though - stay away from that 'gadget' area.  You don't need that stuff.  Alton Brown will haunt you if you buy that garlic wheelie thing.
Pretty much anything you need or want crammed into a big shop in the Italian market, just in case after having a pizza or pasta dinner you are moved to go cook up a big meal. They got it here!  You can even take cake decorating classes taught by professionals.

I was impressed with the clean display and wide variety of utensils offered - more like a little bit of everything. Staff know their stuff. Go ahead and ask 'em about cast iron cooking, I dare ya.

Bamboo toaster tongs? Check.

Tiny berry strainer? Check.

Nibs for cake decorating? Check.

Yah, worth the walk here.
I like to think Fante's is what heaven must be like. They have EVERYTHING you will ever need in your kitchen, and their prices are great! I came here for the first time with my mom, a South Philly native who had never been to Fante's but had heard great things about it. We both could have literally stayed here all day! I had been looking for some good quality but inexpensive heavy stainless steel skewers. Fante's had them. I had also been looking for an affordable Tagine. Yup, Fante's had that too. And every baking supply you could ever need. And a bunch of kitchen gadgets you've never seen and will convince yourself you need once you see how cool they are. 
At Fante's, you can get everything you'd find at any other kitchen store, and then some. Make sure you bring a friend who can keep you in check before you blow your life savings here. I'm not kidding. If only they had a wedding registry, since my Williams Sonoma registry seems a little less exciting after having been to Fante's!
This place is really as good as it gets. It is hands-down my favorite store in the city. Whether you're a baker or a cook, you're making beef stew or springerle, Fante's has the equipment you need to get the job done. I'm always amazed at their selection and how they manage to fit it into their store. The staff is incredibly helpful and are knowledgeable about the products they sell. I've found myself asking, "What can I do with this?" to their staff countless times and have always been met with creative suggestions and detailed instructions for how to make whatever the product was designed to do. 

Be warned: If you are the type of person (as I am) who is incredibly adventurous in the kitchen and willing to splurge on a new gadget to venture into uncharted culinary territory, steer clear. I could spend an entire afternoon and most of my savings here. If I ever win the lottery, I probably will :]
Oh, Fante's, how I love thee.  Whenever I need a specialty item for cooking or baking, this is the place I go.  If I want to kill an hour, this is where I go.  If I feel like spending $200 on stuff I didn't know I needed, this is where I go.  

If you ever need anything for your kitchen, Fante's has it and probably has several styles of it.  From the ordinary kitchen spoons and ladles to canning supplies and candy molds, Fante's carries it.  It's a great place to stock your kitchen or wander around and look at things you never knew existed.  

On Saturdays, they do in-store demos and offer discounts on products used in the demos.  The demos are different every week so check out their website to see what's coming up.  The store gets very crowded on the weekend so if you want to avoid crowds, check it out during the week.
A classic kitchen store for cooks of every skill level!  Knife sharpening is done on site.  Classes are offered on weekends.  If you like gadgets, you will be in heaven!
Word search!  Fante's has a massive inventory, reasonable prices, and knowledgeable staff.  Shimmy up the steeply sloped ramp to baker's heaven.  Stop in for a Saturday demo (like biscotti for the holidays, or chili, or cooking with cast iron), or just grab a cup of joe. 

If you're searching for any of these random, semi-specific items I hope this list will help bring you in to Fante's.

***Baking, cookie cutters, molecular gastronomy components, edible glitter, baking tins, candy molds, jimmies, cookie press, rolling pins, cake boxes, cake decoration, fondant, gum paste, almond flour, meringue powder, cupcake wrappers and supplies, double boilers.

Cast iron, mortar and pestle, juicers, salad spinners, garlic press, refillable spray pump oil mister, fruit and veggie peelers of all varieties, dutch ovens, spice racks.

Loose leaf tea (gen mai cha), flavored coffee, french presses.***
I have been shopping at Fante's for 6 years now and they have the best selection for avid bakers. Their wall of cookie cutters is unmatched by even Sur la Table. The people that work there are very knowledgable. They have the widest selection of specialty sugars and decorating supplies. The only negative is finding parking, because once you have gotten to the store there is no way you are walking out empty handed.
I had not been back to Fante's since I went to culinary school and then worked in Philly 20 years ago.  They are great for helping you with any type of knife, piece of equipment or anything else you need for your kitchen.  Always knowledgeable staff willing to help regardless of your level of skill or knowledge.

I still use the knives that I bought in 1987!  Great equipment never gets tossed.
We live right around the corner from this Italian Market gem, so I will admit I may be a bit biased.  Forget every going to the box stores to get your kitchen ware - Fante's has it all!  As soon as you walk in you will understand how this store really does have it all!  You can easily get holiday shopping done in a random visit!  Almost every time I go there I end up getting something I never knew i needed but I constantly use (onion goggles, popcorn popper, efficient spatulas, pizza peels, oil pourers, etc).  If you enjoy cooking this is like the hobby shop that will enhance your past-time!  I am by no means a seasoned cook, but I always feel like a kid in a candy store here!

Also, I need to speak to the staff - they are fantastic.  They help out in everyway possible and they actually know stuff.  They test various products and will be able to actually tell you if something is good.  Treat yourself to a unique experience and head to Fante's!
A truly excellent source for kitchenware, cutlery and gadgetry.  They have a large selection and can order whatever you need if they don't have it in stock.  Plus, the Italian Market location makes it easy to snag some fresh ingredients to use in your newly procured kitchenware.

I also enjoy shopping at Kitchen Kapers.
"I have not been in this beautiful store. I live in another state. However, if they opened one here today, I would avoid it like the plague~!! I would tell my cooking club and our whole cooking community (and will) to avoid this place. And avoid dealing with them online~!!! Their customer service, at every level is horrendous~!! They are unreasonable, and unconscionable. What company, when you have a dispute, and mine was provable and absolute, refuses to speak with you~!?!? This company's business philosophy is 'the customer is always wrong' and they do not need your business. How very sad indeed~!! They are not the only place to shop for your kitchen needs~!!! Epic fail~!!! "

This review above was removed by Yelp for lack of 'details'.  I'm hoping with additional information, they will honor my review~!!

Specifically, I did a Google search for a biscotti pan.  A Fantes item showed up.  I clicked on it and ordered two.  In the shopping cart, (of which I had a copy and submitterd to Fantes)  it showed the item, no sku number or other identifying number.  Just the cost of the item.  When the box arrived, it was a different biscotti pan.  To make a long story short, they have two items, same price, different size.  I emailed them all the information with visuals of my search, order and confrimation.  They emailed me back that I was wrong, inferring I was trying to get out of something I dfid~!!!!    I asked to talk to someone, they refused~!  As I really need those pans, I agreed (against my better desires) to 'compromise' as they put it, and pay for the shipping return - of the wrong items.  They, in turn, magnanimously offered to pay the re-shipment of the correct item~!!

If you go to their site,  Fantes.com,  and order an item, in the cart you will see the item, but no identifying stock number. So, you have no idea if the actual item~!!

Yelp:  is this enough 'detail' for you~???  I was wronged by this company and have no other recourse.  If you are as impartial as you say you are, you will now allow this review~!  Thank you.
Came here for a pasta maker on Saturday and wanted to leave with the whole shop. It's a clown car of a store--the store doesn't look too big from the outside, but it's HUGE inside with wall-to-wall of kitchen knick knacks, tools, and accessories. The sales people were extremely helpful (a sweet old italian lady helped pick out the pasta maker for this newbie) and knowledgeable. Prices were reasonable, too. (I paid about $60 for my pasta maker, William Sonoma was asking for about 30% more than that, same model.)

Fante's is also a great place to kind of get lost in for a little bit + play around/discover kitchen items that you didn't know existed. :)
Fante's kitchen section has an extensive, affordable selection of virtually any kitchen gadget, tool, or utensil that you'd ever want.  I was able to find everything I was looking for, and then some things that i knew I could use (i.e. an ice cream scoop).  The staff is friendly, and the prices that I checked were lower for the same products than Amazon.

The tea shop offers a decent selection of high quality teas (there were ~6 green teas) at reasonable prices.
I came here the other day with out of town guests and they were wowed.  So was I.  The selection here is tremendous.  And the woman who assisted us in the pots and pans section was extremely knowledgeable.  I also bet this is the kind of place that would special order something for you were it not an item they carry regularly.
Seriously, the best place to buy anything kitchen related. I also like to add to my obsessive (expensive) kitchen knife collection here too. They will do about anything to keep customers happy. Two weeks ago I decided I HAD to make my own sausage that night ten minutes before they closed. I called, they pulled it out and waited for me (five minutes after they were supposed to be closed) and sold me the grinder with a smile and some tips on use. I don't use any other place for my kitchen needs and neither should anyone within a 50 mile radius of South Philly.
Just thinking about Fante's gets me a little happy.  Stop and think about the most obscure kitchen gadget you can think of.  They have it.  Not only that, they have 3 different versions of that gadget.  For example, my girlfriend was able to pick up a Noble pie tin.  This tin is so rare and obscure that you can only order them on the internet from France.  

Beyond that, it's just fun to look and see all the innovation within food preparation.  Yes, some of the stuff is extraneous but it's fun seeing the inventive ideas that went into the product designs.  

This place really is a Philadelphia treasure.
Love this place! The selection and feel of the store is genuine to the local family store experience. I came in looking for a wok and sushi mat. There's lots of staff around to ask questions but they aren't in your face about it, just available if you need help. They seem to have anything you might need for your culinary needs and more. There's is also a coffee shop next to it with amazing selection of coffees and all types of brewing methods. Staff there kindly provided more info on the different brewing methods and systems. A gem in the Italian market.
Everything imagineable that you could ever want for your kitchen plus some gadgets that I've never seen before! I had so much fun in this store discovering things that I actually don't already  have! Helpful and friendly service! This is the best kitchen store that I have ever visited!
I had no idea what I was walking into when I ducked into this shop.  I was looking for canning supplies.  I found them, and then some.

Everything you could possibly need for cooking, baking, and any type of food preparation is here, in addition to several things you don't need but will want anyway.  If you like this kind of store, set a budget beforehand and stick to it.  It would be much too easy to spend more than intended in here if you're not careful.

Prices are decent, staff is helpful, and the variety is mind-boggling.  Now that I know this place is here I will never go to a big box store for kitchen supplies again.
Love, love, loved this store!  It is in such a great spot in the Italian Market and has so many fun kitchen treasures.  My first visit was over the weekend and I will definitely be coming back.  I brought my foodie in-laws with me, and they were very impressed as well.  I am sure you will find what you are looking for in this store!
I discovered the back half of Fantes this morning during my regular Sunday visit to the Italian Market.  I was already impressed by the fact that this store sells any kitchen product that I could imagine, but little did I know that I only knew the half of it.  They have baking supplies, beautiful unique dutch ovens and casserole dishes...and a glass bottle for all the vinegar, oil, and beans that I could put in my kitchen.  They have the best prices in South Philadelphia for specialty cookware.
Fante's Kitchen Wares is hidden amongst all the stores in the Italian Market - I nearly walked past it without noticing it! Once inside you get a better sense of its size and all the numerous wares they have in stock. They also have a small cafe section off to the side at the front of the store where you can get fresh brewed coffee.

Now, I avoid certain stores because I can't control myself when I go inside. I start seeing things that interest me in pretty colors and different designs and sizes and the next thing I know I'm trying to balance a wok, a metal strainer for deep frying, a pastry bag with assorted tips, and various other items while oggling those damn Le Creuset dutch ovens that I so BADLY want and can only afford in the smallest size that fits in the palm of my hand. Not to mention the KitchenAid stand mixer that I've wanted since I first started baking at the tender age of 7 (and all the accoutrements that go with it - yes, meat grinder too). And while Fante's does offer competitive prices on those expensive items that truly are LIFETIME investments, they're still so far out of my reach its painful to look at them. My eyes still burn at the price tag of the Le Creuset wares. 

And of course since they are a specialty kitchen wares store their employees are extremely knowledgeable about what items you should get depending on your needs. My bf and I were standing by all the metal strainers debating their overall usefulness until a staffer pointed to one and explained how it would be great not only for deep frying but also for things like pasta. Win! If only I could use their store as my kitchen all day every day - but that wouldn't be fair to everyone else who needs their wares in their own kitchen.
Not one, not two, but three (three!) kinds of oyster knives.  I felt like Fante's really understood what I was all about.
The best. And great staff. Are Belgian chocolate is amazing. Coffee is excellent. Bought it bulk and loved it. It's like going into a menagerie of cooking. Never thought it all existed.
Hands down the best kitchenware shop I've ever been to...AND they have good prices!  I literally stumbled upon this place while wandering around the neighborhood and instantly fell in love.
I'm pretty into all types of cooking and never before have I ever experienced the "kid-in-a-candy-shop" feeling like I did in Fante's.  They have practically anything you could imagine needing in a kitchen and a tremendous variety in many of the items.  This place has to be one of the best kitchen stores on the east coast, if not the US.

Even if you aren't big in kitchen supplies, go and spend 10 minutes in the store. It's a sight and you'll probably learn a thing or two about cooking.
There isn't much you could think of in the way of cooking or baking that you can't find at Fante's. I stopped by for Maldon Salt and some "packaging" for Valentine's candy and of course all my needs were met with one stop shopping. The people who work here are always pleasant and helpful and more likely than not have some great suggestions for any baking projects or kitchen endeavors to intrepid bakers, like myself.  I'm so happy that Fante's is so close and still a brick and mortar that I could pop into and peruse as the bulk of my purchases are not items on my phone's "to pick up" list, but must have's on sight.
A dreamy cooking store reminiscent of Paris' famous E Dehillerin. The warm staff shared it's the oldest in the country, over 100 years in the same location. Perfect espressos at the bar, and wide variety of teas, as well. Found everything on my list, from a Madeleine pan to colorful French paring knives to Le Parfait glass supplies. Will bring my Wustoffs back next time, as they offer sharpening clinics. If you love to cook or bake, you will fall in love with Fantes authentic charm.
Forget Kitchen Kapers or Williams Sonoma:  You want access to everything you could possibly need in the kitchen, with reasonable prices, a straightforward atmosphere, and plenty of friendly and knowledgeable staff?  There is NO choice (if you're in Philly, that is) except Fante's.  End of story.
This is the type of place you go to when you want to get lost in possibilities. I never thought of myself as much of a cook until recently, but going into this place makes me want to buy all of the things and try my hand at even the most complicated cooking techniques. They have things you use everyday like salt and pepper shakers, to things you never even knew you needed like ziplocks shaped like pizza to save your pizza! This is a very dangerous store for those who like to impulse buy, but it has all of your kitchen needs. The prices seem pretty reasonable and there are definitely ranges of quality. For example, went in to get a turkey baster this past weekend and they had ones ranging from $2.49 to $50. Definitely a good place for beginners, experts, and all in between!
Fante's is a fantastic little shop smack dab in the middle of the Italian Market. Although it doesn't look like much from the outside you feel like Alice stepping through the looking glass into a wonderland of kitchen gadgets and gizmos. As you walk through, you realize that the store is bigger than it looks! Everything you ever wanted or didn't yet know you wanted is in this store. 
They have a wonderful coffee section, all kinds of machines and different types of coffees.
A little known service they offer is knife sharpening. They sell a wide variety of sharpeners, but I prefer to have my knives professionally sharpened.
I nearly lose my mind in the baking section! The selection of pans, molds, utensils, appliances, extracts and flavorings is huge!
The staff is friendly and helpful. They are knowledgable about the items in the store. The cooking and appliance demonstrations are excellent.
