Known to some old school South Philadelphians simply as "The Lakes", FDR Park located way down at the south end of Broad Street boast of rich history and provides such an earthy, peaceful escape from the city streets, just beyond them! We absolutely love it here! 

It is home to The American Swedish Historical Museum, a Boat House at Meadow Lake, A Gazebo overlooking Meadow Lake (a favorite photo spot for brides and grooms) and Bellaire Manor built 1750. 

It is home to many recreation activities such as:
19 hole Golf course with club and cart rentals. 
Tennis courts
Soccer field
Richie Ashburn baseball field
Skateboard park under I-95
Children's playground 
Lakeside fishing
Bird watching, duck feeding, even deer spotting too! 

And NEW as of June 18th 2016 is boat and bike rentals provided by Wheel Fun Rentals! 
BOATS:
9am-5pm 
Kayaks $16.21
Double paddle $21.60
4 person paddle $32.40

BIKES:
9-6/7pm
Single surrey $27 
Double surrey $37.80 
Deuce scoop $27
Chopper $12.96 
Go kart $12.96 

If you come  before noon you get 2 hrs bikes and boats for the price of one hour! They will be accepting both cash or card! 

You can rent the pavilion and the picnic spaces for a steal! Contact Friends Of FDR Park to do so! We have hosted our kiddos birthday parties here and it was just lovely. We did rent our own brand spanking new Porta Potty for our guests which was fine by the park. We ordered some South Philly pizza and had the ice-cream man drive by! Think food trucks! How fun would that be?! 

We often do picnics on the dock for 'Sushi Sunday'
nights in the warmer weather. 

The kiddos love watching the ducks swim and the planes headed into or out of PHL Airport fly above. 

I love jogging here and taking my baby boy pooch for walks. One full loop around is just shy of a 5k. 

I've done a pretty rad photoshoot for my daughter's birthday photos one year at the skate park! It was so edgy! Utilize this park for all that you can! 

Driving the loop is one way so be mindful! 

DO NOT cheap out and leave your car here for a late night events across the way. They close the gates to the park at sunset! Your car will be stuck inside the park! You've been warned. 

Do set up camp and chill out before an event on any given afternoon. 

Watch out for broken glass. Eeek! One of the only negatives. Whah!! Clean up after yourselves!! 

Fun Facts:
The park was host to Lollapalooza music festival on August 1, 1994. 

The park was designed by The Olmsted Brothers who also designed the roadways in the Great Smoky Mountains and Acadia National Parks, Yosemite Valley, Atlanta's Piedmont Park, a residential neighborhood in Oak Bay, British Columbia, Canada as well as entire park systems in cities such as Portland and Seattle.
Beautiful park in South Philadelphia known to South Philadelphians as "The Lakes" (originally named League Island Park and now locally known as the "Lakes"). 

The park's gazebo, lagoon, and creek are an oasis built by Olmsted Brothers, the firm of Frederick Law Olmsted and John Charles Olmsted in the early 1900s (same park designers as the renowned New York's Central Park). Franklin Delano Roosevelt Park was reclaimed mostly from marshlands.  My closest and sincere friends came to Philly in persuit of a day retreat away to celebrate my birthday differently outside the active yet abrasive hustle and bustle of New York City.  Franklin Delano Roosevelt Park replinish my sweetness lost enable me to retreat calmingly to renew my spirit.

Nearby located under Interstate 95 is FDR Skatepark which once played host to the Gravity Games 2005.  An excellant skate park with many ramp, vert ramp and wall of concrete known as a challenge for skaters, roller bladders of all levels from beginners to advanced to professional.  FDR Skatepark sits directly under Interstate 95 overpass thus protected from rain and snow in the winter months.  While I'm not the outdoors type of gal, my two close friends walked by as observers which I noted all athletics are not wearing any helmets or head gear.  In New York State skaters, roller bladders, et al are required by law to wear helmets sadly today's volatility world can damage goods.  Wishful thinking... why are there no protective gear for the heart in preventing it to be broken to become one man's vile trash and damage goods?!?

Warning:  Public restrooms are nastily vile as there are no locks on the stall's doors and no hooks to hold personal belongings.  There is no tiolet tissue holder attached to the wall either.

http://www.fairmountpark.org/fdrpark.asp

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Franklin_Delano_Roosevelt_Park
Wow! What a crap hole. Trash everywhere. I saw a guy fishing while drinking a bottle of Corona. He just chucked it into the water when he was finished along with his cigarette butt. A group of teens were drinking a 12 pack by the boat house and instead of throwing their empties back into the box, they just tossed them between the dock and the boathouse. A group picnicking, although just a few feet from a trash can, tossed their trash on the ground. The lake looks like a flooded garbage dump. I was amazed at the lack of community respect these people had. No security and no police.
FDR Park is one of my favorite places in the world.

It is a place where working-class families finally kick back & relax.

Where immigrants grill for everyone & police officers raid.

Where *all* people of color blast their music and none are ridiculed.

Everyone is there to have a good time, and unlike our rowhome neighborhoods, there's more than enough space, so no one steps on their neighbors' toes.

Yes, it is riddled with litter, and the lakes are probably toxic. But it is an authentic urban community green space, free of glamour and full of love. It's a rare, precious space that celebrates family and peace.

Come of think of it, I think this is one of the very, very few institutions that working-class South Philadelphians would actually fight for if it were threatened. Hmm.
I really wish they would just clean up FDR park, clean the boathouse, repaint, have people use the paddle boats and row boats again, reopen the snack bars down there and start making it a fun, fully operational family park again for people to enjoy. Not keep it the way it is now. There's broken glass all over the place, beer bottles just thrown all over the grass. I wish the Fairmount park commission would do something about it. Bring this place back to life! Not keep it a trash bin.
It's freakin' FDR skatepark, for cryin' out loud!  It is what it is, and what it is is cool.  Even in San Diego, where I'm from, which is "mecca" for skateboarders, FDR is legendary.  We were regaled by stories of skaters, many of whom were pros, who had actually been to this spot.  For years, we had seen it featured in lots of video segments.  

FDR was built by skaters for skaters.  It is hardcore and not for the prissy and faint of heart.  I may not be hardcore enough for this place, but pretty much nothing will stop me from skating a half-pipe, quarter-pipe or bowl.  I've driven from DC to Philly a half a dozen times just to skate FDR.  I have had fun every time.

As a mom, I would prefer it to be a little cleaner so hey skaters and friends, pick up after yourselves.  But before you do, skate away because that is what FDR is all about.
(Wells fargo,lincoln financial & Citizens bank)
Should all be held responsible for keeping this park clean. Hell, include the phillies,flyers and sixers organizations as well. Fdr park should be the cleanest park in the City. 

I've been coming here for about 4 years and cleanliness has always been an issue. It's gotten worse with each passing year... due in large part to the fans parking here for gameday and concert events. 

Fans leave behind trash,piles of charcoal, beer cans,bottles and bottle caps. There's one section of trail absoultely trashed with hundreds of beer bottle caps embedded into the dirt - It's been like that for a couple years now. Oh and can't forget the tree that's spray painted with the word "fuck" on it as well (who would tag a tree ??) 

I stop here on lunch breaks and I don't live nearby or else I'd clean up some of the mess myself. 

The park itself is good for running,fishing and cycling as mentioned in other reviews, However vehicle traffic is definitely an issue ... be aware of your surroundings as well. Some shady characters wander around here. 

Leaving on a positive, I heard this park got approved for a multi-million dollar rehab so things are looking up. This park needs and deserves it !
I'm not really rating the park, rather the Sunday undercover market scene, lol

If you're going to enjoy a quite afternoon on a Sunday at a pristine park, this is totally NOT the place, BUT if you're going for what it is, this place is great!  Lots of undercover Cambodian merchant women cooking up some really good food.  If you look at this place as a market for some really good Cambodian specialties, you will surely be pleased

What IS annoying is the young ghetto crowd that has also been drawn here and finds the super crowded parking lot a good place to street race and blast their music...not cool, not cool at all.
Located in Deep South Philly, across from the sports complexes and stadiums, FDR Park is one of Philadelphia's best, yet most unheralded parks. Originally designed by the Olmsted brothers (think Central Park) in the early 1900s, FDR Park has something for everyone, and everyone is doing something. If you take a loop on the 1.5 mile path you'll see it all. Full tennis courts on a warm day or night, family reunions on weekends in the picnic areas, after-work softball games, young skateboarders tricking it up under I-95, Cambodians barbequing with three generations of family, fishing in one of the lakes, you name it. There's also the American Swedish Museum, if you care to soak in the early history of Swedish settlers in and around Philadelphia in the 1600s. As well as information on modern Swede/American relations. If you are jonesing for meatballs, go to Ikea.
Cambodian Food Market is a hidden gem at FDR Park. Prices are very reasonable. Bring a shopping bag, your appetite and picnic blanket with you.  Lots of shades from trees. There are picnic tables scattered around the park. Cash is king here. It's handicap accessible and several porta potties available. The market is open at 9a-7p on Sat/Sun. But if you're here for the hot/grilled food, they're ready by 11a up until they run out. Foods to try;  stuffed chicken wings ($4), L sugar cane juice ($7), Papaya salad ($5), chicken/beef/pork barbecue on a stick (ranging from $1-$2), fried bananas/sweet potato/taro (4/$1), Vietnamese coffee etc. Very few Vegan options. All the vendors are friendly and do speak English if you have any questions.
This is for the food vendors selling out at the park. I absolutely LOVE it. When I'm craving some Cambodian/Laos street food, I tend to come here for it. The meat is grilled right in front of you and the papaya salad is mixed fresh. I love getting beef and chicken wings on a stick, some spicy papaya salad, and sticky rice with banana wrapped in banana leaves.

Yea yea, some of you may think this is unsanitary or whatever, but go to any other country and this is how it's done! Mmmm.

Oh, and the kids playground area is really nice too. So grab some food, bring your kids to the park and just eat and play! Perfect day
I enjoyed a Pretzel Picnic™ for one.

(I had intended this review to be longer. It's been sitting in my Unfinished Reviews pile for a little bit. I'm posting it now because I'm getting sick of looking at it there. I was going to tell you all about the beautiful day, families grilling, people fishing in the lake, the guy just parked on the side of the road in his car reading a book with the windows down, the skaters, the kids playing baseball, me riding my bike, etc. Oh, it was nice, I'll just leave it at that.)
My sister had her birthday picnic here. I must say, it's a beautiful park! The gazebo (if you can call it that - more like a gaga-zebo) was picturesque on the lake. 

I only had a few complaints. One was that it looked like it hadn't been mowed in a few weeks. Call me crazy, but isn't landscaping part of Park Maintenance 101? 

My second gripe was the people who also reserved a picnic area by us brought a DJ. And he was loud. LOUD. The odd thing was that no one was dancing! If you are going to play salsa and club music, at least dance. Luckily, we were far enough away from him that it was more like noise in the background, but if my picnic space were closer, I would have been severely annoyed. I was kind of hoping a park ranger would pop up and shut them down.

Other than that, the grounds were gorgeous and the facilities were clean. If you want to have an outdoor event here, it's really breath-taking, but just keep in mind the noise factor.
The mostly Cambodian outdoor food market at FDR park is seriously THE BOMB. they should advertise it more. It was my first time going today and it's such a hidden gem!! Skewers of meat are $1 each, made right in front of you. Theres desserts, iced coffee, full on entrees (all made right then and there), and all at an extremely cheap price with huge portions. They are there on weekend mornings and a huge crowd comes around lunch. Will be going back for sure!!!!
this park used to get so much love from the local skateboarders, it was featured in some video games and skate videos as well and too some may be considered a landmark. its pretty well kept and is situated on a pretty large amount of land.
Visiting from across the state and was staying at one of the nearby hotels and though that I could use some greenery on my morning jog. Well this place definitely had plenty of that along with some peace and quite from the surrounding area. Had a nice pond that a few folks were fishing in, I felt that the park was safe and I would come use it again.
FDR Park is great! There aren't many dedicated spaces in S. Philly for recreation and greenery. Great little skate park, Tennis courts and bike path, public golf course.

Gripes: The lake is stagnant and polluted. It smells. There are too many areas in disrepair including walkways, roads, the snack bar that is never open. Tailgating! I use the park year round EXCEPT on Eagles game days. If you're not there to join in the drunken disregard for the park and all living things, don't go to the park on Eagles game days. Too many oversized vehicles, assholes and Michael Vick sympathizers. 

btw :  F*#% Michael Vick! and F*#% the Eagles until they get rid of the dog killer.
Wow.  Why is FDR Park so nice?  Good job Philadelphia, now you need to start spreading the love to the other small parks around the city.  

Everything is well taken care of including the sports facilities (tennis courts, baseball/softball fields, etc.).  It's a great place for a picnic, a walk, a bike ride, a run, whatever.  

The golf course could either use some improvement or a lower price, but other than that the place is great. 

Not much else to say.
What a shame it's summer and my review is now its was a great park now the crowds leave what they are TRASH!!!! Clean up after yourself.
Stinks. Literally, it stinks. Bleh! Dirty, ugly. Scary people. Stay away. You've been warned.
The park is really nice!!!! I was a bit nervous when I saw people with random horses around and people trying to eat...If you know what I mean!!! For a philly park it is really nice and descent. ..
Softball and barbecue time. Why do people go to a tanning salon when you can go down the lakes for free. The fishing is great down there you catch Sonny's all the time just watch out for the snake heads those fish are crazy. Back in the day I brought my boat over there to fish in the lake. So many good times I had their over the past 40 years.

Beautiful park in South Philadelphia known to South Philadelphians as "The Lakes" (originally named League Island Park and now locally known as the "Lakes").
I use to run here..okay...skip and hop and walk...but it was a great workout around this park in the summers. Asian bbqs street food and lots of food in the summers..yummy! Great for picnics. Being your lounge chairs/towels for sunbathing. Golf center right nearby. Beware of the games...sometimes people going to the games can crowd up the parking. There I an ice cream truck here in the summers that drives around, skaters park in the back. Baseball/softball across from them in the back. There is a lake in the middle of the park. The lake has a gazebo and a boathouse. The name of the lake is Meadow Lake. The boathouse has a wooden boardwalk right there on the lake with no rails- so be careful. You might not wanna be alone in this area. I use to always day dream of getting a canoe and paddling on this lake but I have no idea if you are even allowed to do so. LOL!
I mainly use this for the tennis courts of which there are ten.  Well maintained, very decent courts.  Sometime hold a bit of water right after a storm but generally some of the best public courts in the city and you can usually find one open.  Most I've ever waited is 20 minutes or so on a summer Sunday.

Rest of the park is great too, in general.  Tons of space, lots of family picnics and activities going on.  Some of the back fields are very bumpy and uneven, weeds sprouting around but overall this is a great city park and one that is under appreciated in Philly.

Best place for tailgates before sporting events/concerts too.  Free parking, space to run around and the cops usually don't bother you too much.
I can see how in the distant past that it would have been a beautiful place.  Now, its a trashy place that made me uncomfortable. No upkeep on roads either.   There are lots of trails and a filthy lake with a rotten dock. Theres a skate park covered in graffiti that the locals built with their own money. 
It has so much potential. Sad that people cannot control themselves.
I love FDR park! It's not too popular that it's crowded but not too isolated that there aren't people around. There are nice walking trails and lots of beautiful trees and plants. There's also a decent amount of places to sit like benches and park tables. Lots of free parking too if you are driving. There are lots of wildlife there that is nice to take a look at. A few things that would make the park better is if there is less litter. Unfortunately, there was lots of trash in the more trafficked areas. Still, it's a beautiful park and a nice place to take a walk and take in a nice view.
Nice loop for a dog walk in the morning. I do wish the city would send some funding/cleanup etc  also wouldn't hurt for people to clean up after themselves, much like other spots in Fairmont park system Covid has really been tough on the parks of the city with a few bad apples that are leaving much more than footprints.
This park has seen better days, but we came here for the Pokemon! Park has alot of recreation opportunities (trails, boating, etc) and seems very popular, there were parties and BBQs all over the park. Some sections of sidewalks, trails, and paths seem to be in poor condition and could be fixed. Some of the monuments unfortunately had graffiti. At least there's plenty of parking, main entrance at 20th Street. Also, if you're reading this in the future and people are still playing Pokemon Go, this park is a nest for X pokemon and they frequently appear all over the park. (Charmander at the time of this writing, but it rotates at an unknown schedule.) There are alot of people driving around the park at 10 mph which in my opinion is cheating, they should be walking around!
