A few nights ago I set out to score some vino at the Andorra shopping center state store only to find it infuriatingly closed to business. There was still the Ridge Ave. shop near Leverington Avenue, but that location is to liquor stores what a 7-11 is to super markets, and also, I was moving away from it and had no time to back track. Now, with this branch opening up two weeks ago, I have the same caliber as Andorra was, but with half the distance from my house. Fairly large wine selection (though not as vast as the Flourtown or old 12th & Chestnut spots), and a good variety of the hard stuff, but the biggest plus is that it's open on Sundays from 12-5, a feature previously only available for this area at the G-town and Flourtown locations. Sorry for the eternal damnation I wished upon you, PALCB, you just got between me and my booze. Don't worry though, you know I can't stay angry with you for long.
I was finally getting around to ordering some wine that I had at a Wine Bar a few months ago, and boy, was that a waste of time.

I originally hoped to order it over the phone, but that never worked, so I went into this location. It took 20 minutes for the employee to find the wine (I had the product ID written down) and ring me up for half of the total purchase. She informed me that I would receive a call and an email when the product was in the store, likely in about a week. 

Two and a half weeks pass and I've heard nothing. I call them and they tell me that it's there, but to call back in 20 minutes to make sure. Weird, but whatever, I comply. It's there and I can pick it up on my way home from work.

I went in to get it and pay the balance of my order. They ring me up for the full price. When I told them I had already paid for half, the clerk says "oh, I was wondering what that meant on there!" After fussing with the order for another good 20 minutes, they tell me that the original clerk who put in my order did something wrong and they didn't know how to fix it. I told them to give me my deposit back  and forget about the sale.

Now I'm out that delicious wine and jaded about special orders. I hate you, PaLCB.
Can't complain about a liquor store close by.  They do not have a PA select "fancy" wine area.
Standard liquor store. I like that there is plenty of parking and that it is right next to Super Fresh! That way I can run over to the grocery store and pick up any non alcoholic mixers I need to make cocktails. I've always found what I needed and have been offered assistance when I'm not.
If I had to rate this place 0 stars I would. I'm 23 years old and I'm originally from Texas. I went to get bottles this afternoon with my roommates for the NFL playoffs. I'm white and my roommates are black. Both of the women who were working at that time were black as well. The reason why I am mentioning race is because of this... My roommate didn't even get his ID checked and I got mine checked. I am 23 years old and have a REAL ID, but they tried telling me mine wasn't real. I asked for them to give me an explanation and they couldn't. I have NEVER had this problem because well, my ID is real haha. Right after this, I went to another Wine N Spirites store on Main St, got my ID scanned, and got my bottle. Moral of the story is that these two women need to get fired! Because I've been to that store around 30 times and have never experienced this issue. I honestly felt racially profiled, but that's just me. But at the end of the day they should've checked both ID's. They didn't do their job right, so that's enough to say FUCK Y'all.
