Very fun for little kids especially.  My little one went here at age 3 and again at age 4 to try on fireman's gear and learn about the history of firefighting in the US and Philadelphia.

And it's free!
My nephew was turning five so I asked him if he wanted a toy or a special day with his aunt. Obviously, he choose an awesome day with his aunt! (Yes, this is me tooting my own horn!) I did some research because yelp basically rules my life. The Fireman's Hall was PERFECT! 

It's in Old City, which is reasonably easy to get to. I've been in the area a couple times since then and have been able to find parking immediately, which is always a bonus. Upon arrival, you're asked by a fireman to sign their guest book and while the museum is FREE, there is a donation box. 

On the lower level of the converted museum there are a bunch of antique fire trucks and apparatuses. Head on upstairs and check out a more interactive part of the Fireman's Hall Museum. There's an area for kids to practice calling 911, and try on some gear. Talk about a photo shoot waiting to happen! There's also a memorial for the fighters of Philadelphia killed in the line of duty. The best part of the whole thing was how one of the Lieutenants showed us around the whole museum. It wasn't something we asked for or expected just something he decided to do. My nephew loved the whole thing and won't shut up about it! So go, take your kids, nieces and nephews, hell just borrow someones kids and head over to the museum.
I went here because it is free. You can donate (and do it, give a dollar at least ya cheap Bastid!) but you're not looked at cross eyed if you don't. I wasn't expecting much maybe some old stuff that had been in someone's attic for a while or something.
Imagine my surprise when I found an original firehouse with some serious, detailed history on firefighting in America! Now I come from a long line of rubber-neckers when it comes to fires. I love watching them (without getting in the way of course,) and seeing the fire trucks racing and screaming to an emergency. And this place was a veritable smorgasbord of Firefighting history, techniques, exhibits and artifacts that I've never seen anywhere else. I learned tons about the beginnings of fire fighting in America. I even found an antique hydrant that was given to this museum by Rhode Island's good old Buddy Cianci! Imagine that! 
There is a garage that holds at least 4 original fire engines and had the original pole that the men came down (closed off of course.) There were tons of old pictures, an area that informed about 9/11, a "Kid's Zone" upstairs that was hands on and interactive and even included a recreated inside of a fire boat wheelhouse! There's a massive stained glass window upstairs that has 3D glass firemen rescuing in different scenes. There's a whole wall of these plaques that people used to put on their houses because fire stations were privatized back then and you got insurance through the station. There's different kind of parade memorabilia and axes and hoses and equipment. If you don't spend the time and look closely you'll miss so much!
You can even get close to the old fire engines (don't touch though,) and see how they worked and all of the intricate artwork that the makers put into the details.
There is a small area off the registration desk where you can buy some very expensive souvenirs or very affordable magnets, keychains and even kiddie stuff. 
It's right down the lane from Elfreth's Alley and there were many retired firefighters who were more than happy to give people tours and explain how things worked and the history of fire fighting. They were very nice there (except for the guy at the desk who was younger and looked none too happy to be there but wasn't nasty or anything, just grouchy.) Do yourself a favor and go there. It's definitely not a waste of time.
The best non art gallery museum in Old City. Fireman's Hall is an old firehouse converted into a museum that showcases the history of firemen and fire prevention in Philadelphia and beyond. 
It's display includes a time-line that documents the history of Philly Firefighting, old firefighter uniforms, and even a couple old time firetrucks! the best part about the museum is that it's free to enter with a suggested donation.
If you want to learn the history of firefighting in Philadelphia and America this is the place to come. A must see on any visit to Philadelphia. Great gift shop.
How could you give this museum less than 5 stars?  So much history in one place, and I absolutely love how it used to be a firehouse that they converted into a museum.  It was so cool seeing the evolution of the Philly fire departments and fire equipment, and my fireman husband was very happy.  Def recommend stopping here if you're a tourist visiting Philly.
I wish this showed up higher on the list for 'things to do' in Philadelphia. We happened to stumble upon this while exploring Old City.

For people in emergency services, they would especially appreciate seeing this. But it's stuff that's relatable to the public. Benjamin Franklin was actively involved in firefighting, and actually founded the Philadelphia Contributionship (a fire insurance company) in 1752, and the Union Fire Company (a volunteer fire bucket brigade) in 1736.

The museum is in a firehouse that was built in the 19th century. There are different apparatus (old pumps, ladder trucks, tools, and a 'La France' engine) spanning the history of fire fighting in Philadelphia. There were even some old leather buckets from the 18th century that people had in their homes for the bucket brigades.

What was also fascinating was learning about the fire insurance plaques that people had on their homes. There are collections of plaques from different time periods in Philadelphia, and a set from England.

On the second floor is a mural, made of stained glass. Underneath that mural is the memorial to all the firefighters who died in the line of duty, made of brass plate. The brass actually comes from the connector of a hose from the scene of the fire.

The building is of amazing architecture with high ceilings. The entrance is to the side of the building, and the staff here are very pleasant. One was a retired firefighter, the other is still an active firefighter but is retiring in a few years. They were very friendly and chatty, they definitely added to the visit. There is no fee, but a donation is asked if you visit.
The Fireman's Hall Museum is a great, free stop on a historical tour of Philadelphia. You are encouraged to leave a donation, and it's well deserved. They have a lot of items on display, a fireman answering questions and giving a presentation on the old alarm system, and some interactive displays upstairs. It would take about a half hour to look through the rooms here, so it's a nice quick activity.

Items on display include: pieces of the WTC towers, burnt helmets, historical photos, original fire "engines" that were pulled by horses. Very interesting!!
This is a great place to understand and reflect on the history of the fire service.

As you walk into the FREE museum, you log yourself into a logbook just like if you were a visitor in a running fire house.  The museum begins with the early history of the fire service and shows you how it started and leads all the way until today's.  Ben Franklin and his involvement, along with how the fire service only protected homes that had an insurance marking on the exterior of the building.  

Antique fire trucks and steamers on display in the apparatus room.  

Great place for all ages!!  Take your time, walk around and embrace everything...because EVERYTHING in there has a meaning.
File this under well kept secret! This was the perfect rainy day destination for a few toddlers! Downstairs they have old firetrucks and upstairs boots for them to try on, puzzles for them to play with, a big wheel for them to turn, it was great. The folks working there were so sweet with them too, and we were more than happy to leave a donation. Definitely check it out =)
This museum is nice, but it is not a great place to bring really young children. Philadelphia has a different museum named the Please Touch Museum. Fireman's Hall Museum could be called the "Don't Touch Museum". There were a lot of brass railings with signs warning "Do Not Touch". There was a small area where children could try on real fire fighter coats and boots, and could try to find enough puzzle pieces to put together a puzzle, but most of the museum had displays that could not be touched. For children under six, I do not recommend this museum. For older people, I recommend it.
