Fall Festival Season can be overwhelming, so many beers to drink outside happening on the same day! Here's the case for choosing this Fest:

1. Cancel out all the beers you're going to drink with an (untimed) 5K run (literally) by the Fishtown Beer Runners starting at 12. $25 gets you a free tshirt, plastic cup, tote bag, free water, and most importantly, 2 drink tickets (Thanks for the registration Yelp!)! This year's course had a mural challenge where you could win a pint glass for posting 5 pictures. The course is (lightly) marked, and with the help of directing volunteers at each turn, only a few people got lost! The course runs through regular streets and is not blocked off so watch out for cars, pedestrians, dog poop, etc.

2. Super kid friendly - there's hula hoops, a bouncy castle, live music, face painters, crafts, and other games!

3. Drinks - lots of local beer options, which is great. No cocktails or wine, but there was a cider! tall tables for you to enjoy your beverages.

4. Food - not a ton of options (3-4 trucks- Biscuit's Biscuits, Kung Fu Hoagie, Cow and the Curd and a few others), but a nice seating area with picnic tables. 

5. Vendors -  not too crowded, so lots of space to walk around and enter contests! With less people you have higher chances of winning! I won a gift card basket with gift cards from uber, netflix, and wine and spirits! They also had some cool Fishtown shirts, and the usual cool jewelry, local realtors, etc.

6. Great views of the river and the Ben Franklin Bridge!
It was a beautiful day and a great time! I ran in the 5k fun run, tried some delicious brews, smacked on a brisket slider, heard some great music, and even bought some Philly style threads!!! Penn Treaty Park is an awesome venue and Fishtown has some of the nicest people.  Thanks Yelp!!
What a cute little festival in a nice open space! I won a bib for the 5K through a Yelp contest (thanks Yelp!) and made my way down to the 2015 festival. 

The 5K was a fun run and super laid back. It was a nice way to tour Fishtown, a neighborhood I usually don't frequent. After the run, I was able to claim my run swag bag and tickets into the beer tent. 

The beer tent wasn't huge but it had a solid representation of 2nd Story Brewing, Evil Genius, Do Good (a new brewery local to Port Richmond), Fat Tire, St Benjamin, Philadelphia Brewing Company, Neshaminy Creek and Kurant Cider. It was a bit of a bummer you had to keep the beer within the beer tent and couldn't walk the grounds though.

Outside of the beer tent, there were about 5-6 food trucks which included Scratch Biscuits, Mom-Mom's, Philly Fry and a few others. 

I think my favorite part of the entire event was their pet tent area. They had several local shelters set up shop to promote their rescue organizations. They even brought some adoptable dogs and cats to the event. I thought I knew I was pretty well versed in Philly's local rescue organizations, but I learned about a few new ones like City of Elderly Love and Citizens for a No-Kill Philadelphia. In addition to all of the rescue pups, a lot of festival-goers brought their own dogs. It was adorable city! 

There were also a few rows of some great craft vendors and services. 

And did I mention the live music? A stage was set up with acts brought in through WXPN near the beer tent. 

All of this happened in the huge Penn Treaty Park.  I'm definitely adding the Rivercity Festival to my list of festivals to attend again in the future.
First stop on our Saturday Fun Day for the second year in a row. This festival keeps getting better and better. Lots of food choices and vendors to check out. Wareika Hill played again this year (if you haven't seen them get on it) and The Snails provided a sweet Reggae soundtrack for our afternoon. My only issue with the event is that there are no single beer sales available have to buy an all you can drink ticket at $25 bucks.
What a great festival showcasing Fishtown's community. There were a ton of businesses with tents to check out (especially a really stellar amount of craft jewelry places). Definitely enough to keep me busy for a few hours (free beer boots, anyone?). The beer tent was sweet, especially because it was right next to the stage. There were some cool food vendors there (including some interesting Mexican food), but I wish there had been a few more food trucks. There were also some children's areas (bouncy castles), although I didn't get a close look at them because there weren't any young people with me.

The park is quite large and beautiful. There was plenty of space to sit down and stretch out, whether it was in the food court area or just on the grass next to the river. Parking was street-side only, so make sure you bring a small car and stay vigilant for open spots. Definitely a great way to spend a Saturday afternoon-- check this out when it comes around again next year.
