Beloved square with a strong neighborhood community that takes excellent care of it! Spring & Fall fairs, Santa visits, Easter egg hunts, community gardening for maintnence, holiday decorations.. a well loved park! Eric Berg's beautiful bronze sculptures are dotted throughout the park, the turtles, bear and ram. Lovely gated fountain in the center of the park. I have fond memories of my kids playing on the turtles as toddlers on weekends, and with Trinity playgroup during the week days. FS has a Saturday farmers market with tents, I often stroll through with my dog and pick up cider donuts from Highland Orchards. Fitler square also has some great sprawling grass, perfect for a picnic, and lots of cast iron benches. Charming park, a gem of Philly!
Rittenhouse Square? Too crowded, too expected.
Washington Square? Too far, not enough character.
Fitler Square? Juuuuust right!

This unassuming little park just across from Dmitri's charmed me when I first discovered it a year or so ago, and it has remained my favorite in Philly. It's well-maintained, with a few cute animal statues, brick walkways and lots of soft green grass for picnicking. The park is never overcrowded, and there is always a bench available, even on weekends. What a perfect oasis near my home!
It's definitely not as well known as the other Squares in Philadelphia, but it's still pretty serene for a park that's more brick than green. and it has a pretty good old fashioned feel to it.

Don't drink the water from the drinking fountain because it isn't very thirst quenching. But do kick back on one of it's many park benches and enjoy the various animal sculptures that the park has to offer. The turtles are my favorite. Filter Square also has a timeless fountain at the center. and a cool Spring Festival coming up on Mother's Day weekend.
Little local park . Great for kiddies and doggies to play, big kids to picnic. The gardener is unpleasant, but dont let her ruin your good time. Nice produce market on the weekends . A nice place to enjoy the day.
Charming little square
Perfect for nighttime strolls and
pensive reflections.
Just as this summer started, I was running past Fitler Square one evening, and a bunch of fireflies twinkled as I passed by. In the middle of the city! Lovely.

This is Rittenhouse's smaller, less crowded brother.
What a welcome green space in Center City.
Fitler square has a cute little fountain, shady trees and lots of cute coffee bars and places to explore nearby.

Love this area.
Cute little park that's a relatively short walk from Rittenhouse, but it feels a world away. Fitler Square is smaller and not nearly as crowded, even though it still is lively. There are numerous benches that are spaced out around the park. It's a good place to go after grabbing a pastry and coffee if you want to have a socially distanced chat with a friend. People also tend to put down blankets and picnic. 

Lots of kids and dogs walking through (though there are some areas labeled as pet-free grass). Fitler Square has a charming, neighborhood feel. Definitely worth stopping here to enjoy the world for a little while.
Nice local park - good for kids, picnic's with friends, and walking your dog (as long as the grumpy gardener isn't around)  ;-)
I love Fitler Square. 

I don't get there as often as I would like but when I need a park to chill in it's the first place I think of. The convenience and smaller size of the park rivals that of other parks in the area and it's easier to find a quiet spot to relax than some of its competitors. The only downside is that it often acts as the community yard for the families living on the adjacent streets so you may have to contend with a number of families in the afternoons. However, that being said, I have never failed to find a quiet spot and my dog is always happy to people watch.
It's always a lovely day in filter Square. 
 A charming spot to wander, or spread out with your kids while they climb on the turtle, bear or ram statues. 

The gardens are beautifully maintained, and the grounds are clean. A perfect, serene park.
