This is where it is at! I attended quite a few events in Philadelphia over the past year and Flavors of the Avenue was one of the best. This happened last April and yes, I am already anxiously awaiting their return. The venue was perfect, under a tent, so it was rain or shine, but it was a glorious day. Indoor tables to stand around, munch and chat with folks and outdoor patio seating and live music fills the air.

Twenty, plus restaurants had samplings of their best selling foods, ranging from sandwich samplings, to soups, to breakfast entrees, side dishes, desserts and I even got to try tripe. Not only did I try tripe, but I loved it and went back for more, then when I found out what I was loving so much... Well, let's put it this way, next time I shall ask more questions.

The mushroom tacos were outstanding, I also really enjoyed the spring pea soup, I returned several times for stuffed Tasso ham sandwich bites and bacon mac & cheese, while hubby pigged out on the duck prosciutto, yes I was loving it too! Mama Maria's served up an awesome gorganzola pasta with artichokes and veal, I asked them to hold the veal, as I do not eat it and if you don't try the curry chicken waffles then I will scream at you, fool! I could go on and on, what a tremendous hit this event was, is and will be in the upcoming years!.  

VIP tickets were $50.00 each, early booking discounts lower this, but get you in at noon, which is one hour prior to the mad herd of folks coming in to chow down on delicious nibbles of every range of culinary delights. It also gets you specialty cocktails, wine and beer.  $30.00 tickets gets you in an hour later and includes wine and beer samplings.  

Flavors of the Avenue is about to happen again, on April 28 and you can be guaranteed to find me there! I'll be the VIP drinking the specialty cocktails, wines and eating anything but tripe.
This was definitely one of the more awesome things I have done recently. Just like a much needed getaway to heal a hurting relationship, this Passayunk Ave food fest made me fall in love with Philadelphia all over again.

Although it was my first time attending the annual throw down, return attendees could not stop buzzing about how crowded it was in comparison to past years. With the efforts the city has gone to (especially over the past year) to revitalize East Passayunk into the "new" South Philly trend spot, it's not surprising.

The drinks were flowing while enticing options from 25+ restaurant booths made me feel like Charlie in the Chocolate Factory.  Cantina unquestionably stole me. The margaritas and jalapeño tacos did not fail to impress.  Ippolito's ahi tuna cheesesteak spring roles took the lead for my favorite small plate there.  

Sunny spring day..live music..food trucks..bottomless wine and margaritas..fellow friendly foodies..South Philadelphia at its finest..what's not to love? You done good.
My boyfriend and I were pumped when I won tickets to Flavors of the Avenue though Yelp, and even more excited when we found out they were VIP tickets (THANKS YELP!). 

VIP entrance to the event began at 12 PM, and regular admission at 1 PM. Valet parking was included with the VIP ticket, but could be purchased for $12 with regular admission. The parking attendants were great- super friendly and quick. 

We arrived at East Passyunk super early, so we strolled around for a little checking out the local craft fair. We jumped into the line at 11:30 AM, which is where we picked up some sweet free Sailor Jerry T shirts. 

The line moved fast, when we got into the tent it was filled with delicious smelling and looking food. All the tables were set up surround the edges of the tent, and high cocktail tables were in the middle. 

Since it was our first time here, our only strategy was to eat as much as possible- while others had clearly planned ahead- reserving tables and splitting up to get different dishes to bring back to home base. Regardless of strategy- there was plenty of food to go around, and I think everyone ended up happy. 

EVERYTHING was delicious. Each and every restaurant brought their A game But, my favorite item of the entire day.... drum roll... the peanut butter mousse from Lucky 13 Pub. I also loved the pasta from Mamma Maria Ristorante and the sliders from POPE. My boyfriend and I have created an eating "to-do" list after discovering so many great East Passyunk restaurants. 

After 45 minutes in, we had tried almost everything and started to force ourselves to eat more. As general admission started entering, we headed outside the tent to enjoy the sun and local band set up in the middle of the street.  

The VIP ticket was awesome, not only did it give us the valet parking- but it was totally worth it for the early entrance. During this time there was hardly any crowd and special dishes for VIP tickets only. And there was a VIP tent which had additional drinks and seating. 

The event was well organized, and everyone who took part in it did a great job. I'll be on the look out for Flavors of the Avenue 2016.
I was really excited when I won a pair of VIP ticket to Flavor of the Avenue.  The event has been on my radar for a few years now but I hadn't gotten around to going.  Plus a few people I know had hyped up the event, but maybe a little too much.  Knowing I had to pick up my tickets at will call and being pre-warned there be a line I got there on the 11:35/11:40ish.  There was a line as expect but my friend and I were happy with our spot in it.  11:45 is right when it bust so if you want to be one of the 1st ones in get there before hand.

When we were finally let in just after 12:00 it seemed like a lot of vendors weren't quite ready.  So we aimed to try and hit up booth with food which made picking a starting spot and going booth to booth not really possibility.  But the VIP Crowd was reasonable and not too difficult to navigate so wasn't a huge issue.  Unfortunately the event was heavy on the pork which neither my friend nor I eat.  It was also heavy on the chicken liver which I tired but I'm also not a huge fan of.  If you are a vegetarian this is probably not the event for you there was very little vegetarian option well unless you are pescatrain and eat fish.

We basically were able to try almost everything with in the 1st 30 minutes.  Than we tasted some drink in and headed to the craft fair in hope by our return all the tables without food would have them.  By the time we got back they were letting the rest of the festival goers in.  At that point it was hard to move around but we were able to get back to the previously empty table and try there dish, more me than my friend since most were fish and she also doesn't eat fish.  

It was such a gorgeous day outside that we ended up finding a place in the VIP area to sit and just keep refilling our tiny cups with beverage samples while enjoying the sun.  But if it wasn't so gorgeous I'm sure we would have just left the festival.  I am really glad I won ticket instead of bought them because I didn't really feel like I would have gotten my money worth if I did actually pay.  I can't see myself going back, well unless I won free tickets again, I have a hard time passing freebees.
I am ashamed to admit that despite that elite badge, I am a fraud. I have never eaten dinner at an East Passyunk restaurant and I don't even deserve to call myself a foodie. I'm sorry I let you down, Yelp world. 

I've been trying though! A few weeks ago I went to the party at the Singing Fountain for East Passyunk Ave being named a Top 10 Foodie Street in America. I was awed and overwhelmed. Today, at the Flavors of the Avenue Event, I was even more awed, more overwhelmed, more sated, more tipsy, and yearning more than ever to accept my inevitable fate as a fat, broke, happy person who has tried every restaurant on this street.

I went with the early bird regular price ticket ($25) and my friend and I agreed that it was money very well spent and totally worth it. See you next year Flavors of the Ave.

We rushed from table to table like crazed adult trick or treaters grabbing cups of meatballs, plates (and more plates) of Pâté (Fond), cups of cold green soup (Izumi, Will BYOB, Fuel), rabbit terrine and sesame ginger macarons (the clear winners, courtesy of Stateside), hefty helpings of pasta (Mamma Maria's), delicious tacos (El Zarape), risotto balls and watermelon feta salad (close second place, by Noir), mussels, short rib ravioli (Birra). Drinks were flowing too, with wine, beer, and margaritas (peach and plain-from Cantina). 

Lines were not too long with the exception of margaritas and tacos, and even those weren't bad at all. Next year, my only suggestion would be maybe make sure to leave lots of room for lines and avoid placing popular spots in the corners?

It was a gorgeous day, great festival, and it was great to stand outside sampling (at times surprisingly large) portions of some of the best restaurants in the city not to mention generously poured drinks. One of the best parts was how everyone was super friendly about sharing tables and tips!
When I saw they were changing Flavors of The Avenue I was like this might be worth giving a second chance.  When I won a VIP booklet I was very excited.

As a street festival I say it was much better than its pervious tent set up.  It was still crowded in some areas but there was much more space and you could find room.  If you got your eye on one or 2 places I'd say go for it.

But as for the booklet not sure its worth it.  Just like the tent style they ran out of food pretty fast in some location.  A few offered sub but many did not which was disappointing.  You get one of each item which is a lot of food but its very specific so if you don't eat something you could be out of luck.  I am not a pig product fan so my friends who came with me benefited from that and there were a lot of places serving pig products.

I'd consider going back alacart style if they keep the set up the way they had it this year but wouldn't recommend the VIP booklet.
I attended the first flavors and the most recent flavors. Night and day! 

2011: Easy five stars. Lots of variety in terms of food and alcohol. Lots of room to move around, and manageable crowds at the tables. I had a regular admittance wristband.

2013: Tough two to three stars. I had a vip wristband this year. The Vip hour was amazing. There were so many more restaurants with much more upscale kind of food than the first one. There was also a great variety of alcohol (including beer that wasn't there in 2011). It was easy to move around and grab food. Then the floodgates opened. All of a sudden I was pushed up against the table and the tent was like a sauna. We had to walk outside to cool off. The food tables were so crowded you couldn't even see what the offerings were. We left very early. We had our fill and were satisfied, but that is ONLY because we were there for the Vip hour. I feel like they either need to lose the tent and make it entirely outside or sell fewer bands. It was far too many people.

Long and short: only go if you feel your money is well spent during the Vip hour. General admission would be a waste.
When I saw the line-up for Flavors of the Avenue, I knew I had to attend. Why? Well. Mostly because I had never been to ANY of the places before. This South Jersian has neglected South Philly terribly. It had to be fixed. 

The comped VIP tickets thanks to Yelp were amazing to have, too, as they gave us an extra hour to try everything before it got *really* crowded, plus I got to use Uber for the first time -- for free, thanks to the event's promo code.

Birra and Lucky 13 especially wowed me with their offerings. Birra had a sweet pork rib and a bread pudding. Both were delicious! As for Lucky 13? Well, they served up my favorite spirit, and in the most random but fantastic way: tarragon black pepper gin fizz. What in the heck. Perfection.

Oh, and who can forget Ms. Goody's tequila and kahlua cupcakes? Or Cantina's margaritas?

In the VIP drink tent: Pinnacle's peach vodka cocktail was the standout. Also liked Sly Fox's offerings.

---
Aside: Yes, that was a lot of midday mixing! But so worth the potential headache -- which did not occur, phewf!
---

An event of this caliber must take so much work to pull off, and it was just great. I'm so glad to say I've been able to TRY places along East Passyunk now, even if I can't say that I know the correct way to pronounce the street name just yet. (Y or no Y?!)

I *will* be back in the area to try full meals at these places. And to get more cupcakes and gins.

Thanks for a fun time, organizers!
"Passyunk is the best yunk..." 
I'm a wanna-be foodie (read: too poor at the moment to really be a foodie), and the only restaurant I have been to on Passyunk yet (not for lack of wanting to try them all) is WILL, which is amazing on its own right... these two factors made me VERY excited to come to the Flavors of the Avenue. I don't really have a bad thing to say about this, so if you want to know why it was so great you can keep reading... 
1. The price: only $25 for non vip entry, lasts 1-4 which is more than enough time to gorge yourself on the food, get mildy (or more if you aren't driving) buzzed, and enjoy the day. 
2. I have been to other tasting events and they ran out of food, we left for a little and came back around 3:30 and every table still had tons.  
3. Portion sizes, a few places it was just a "sample size" bite or two, but most  of the stands were giving huge portions for a tasting. Mama Mia's was handing out a heaping plate of pasta, El Zarape's tacos were full and dripping with spicy goodness, the short rib raviolo from Birra was, I swear, a portion size (no complaints here) 
4. The drinks, if you have read my past posts, its no surprise I was happy that the wine, beer and margaritas were flowing, delicious and easy to get to. 
5. ALL of the food was great! I was somewhat disappointed with fishy tuna, cheesesteak eggrolls, or the sandwich from Nord. The rabbit terrine and macarons from Stateside were the winners, the terrine mixed so many flavors so well. I also loved the risotto balls, the short rib ravioli (whats not to like there) from Birra), the boar  fois gras on toasts, and WILL's soup all stood out... 
6. Lines weren't too bad, there was maybe a half hour where it felt very packed, but never waited more than 5-7 minutes, and everyone was so friendly they welcomed sharing tables. 
The only thing I can complain about is that I couldn't find any  more room in my stomach to grab a second helping of my favorites...
This was a fun event, helped by the beautiful sunny day on which it took place. We had the VIP experience and were able to enter an hour before general admission.  We arrived 30 minutes early and there was still a line of about 40 people in front of us waiting to get in.  Going early was clutch as we got to quickly get to a lot of the tables before lines formed.  A few tables were not ready at opening time, which was a bummer.  

It was cool to try bites from neighborhood restaurants all in one place.  Some of which often are a little harder to get reservations.  Chefs were on hand--I saw both Nick Elmi and Christopher Kearse, which is a cool personal touch you don't see at many other food festivals.

Boozy samples were small, but VIP gave us some options not available to general admission.  I noticed two tables also had VIP-specific food options.  The food mostly consisted of pate and liver or pork.  Guess all the chefs had the same idea.  This event is not vegetarian friendly--there were only a few dishes vegetarians could try (including a disappointingly-burned falafel ball from P.O.P.E.)

The craft fair which is separate and open to the public but held in conjunction with Flavors was awesome.  Vendors from up and down the east coast showed up with their wares.  I ended up spending $20 on soap because it smelled that good.
CRIPPLING Claustrophobiais how I'd rate this one.  (In the hot and confined tent.)  We went outside and ended up plastered against the porta-potty... yum.  

I attended with my boyfriend who hates crowds to begin with, so i had to jump in and wait in line after line for items that i couldn't eat (vegetarian).  I grabbed one anyway and filled him up pretty good.  I tried to make my money back in booze, but i just couldn't hack it with the crowds, and he was nearing a panic attack.  We gave it a whirl... but I think next time we'll take our $60 and invest in a nice dinner at one of the kajillions of restaurants that were there.  I don't think this type of events is for me.

Additionally, I salute you all with iron stomachs.  After eating cookies, cupcakes, a glass of wine, 2 beers, a margarita, eggplant rollatini, caprese, hummus, more cupcakes, and then this green soupy stuff, topped off with a bite of a salad I literally couldn't move for the rest of the day.  Again, it appeared to be a nice event, and everyone seemed to be having a great time.  

This sort of thing is not for me.
