We took FlixBus from DC to Philly and back. They offered the best prices and departure times that worked with our schedule. The DC to Philly bus pick-up spot was easy to find. The buses were already parked and there was adequate signage for FlixBus in the DC parking lot. Check-in was easy; we scanned our ticket with the driver and he directed us to our assigned seats. We left within 10 minutes of its scheduled departure time.

Coming and going, the bus had all of the stated amenities - working WiFi, access to onboard entertainment (movies, music, and books), outlets, and a bathroom (I didn't check it out but I'll take their word for it). It also had small trash bags in each row to help keep the bus clean. The ride was a little bumpy, but nothing sickening - smooth overall - and arrival times were on point (pretty impressive if you ask me, since traffic in any city can be unpredictable).

The pick-up point in Philly was not as well advertised. We arrived at the stop an hour early, so no buses were in sight to nail down the pick-up area, and no signage could be found. Granted, pickup is a little tricker in Philly since it's literally on the side of the street, not in a parking lot, and with no brick and mortar facility. Regardless, the bus showed up from New York, we were able to find the bus, and we left on time.

The only reason I'm not giving them five stars is because customer service was a let down. I had issues using a voucher when booking the tickets, and their online customer service was unresponsive; their phone line customer service was also hard to track down and then hit or miss if they answered at all. When I was finally able to talk to a rep, they weren't helpful at all. But hey, with the competitive pricing, you get what you pay for. Customer service/voucher snafu aside, the trip experience was comparable to Amtrak for me with the onboard amenities and staying on schedule.
Only use this as a last resort and never if you value punctuality. I took the 5:05pm flix bus to DC. First off I was at the bus stop at 4:55 pm but the bus didn't show up until 5:35 pm. The bus was 30 minutes late and then on top of that once the bus left Philadelphia for some reason the driver decided to turn around at Walt Whitman bridge and go back to center city Philadelphia. Now it's almost 6pm and I'm still sitting in Philadelphia. I find this extremely inconsiderate and unprofessional.
Started off so promising...We left from Nyc right on time, and the "direct" ride stopped at Cherry Hill, NJ. Albeit very quickly 1.5 hrs but the ticket advertised a direct ride so that's a blatant lie. 

Then we were supposed to be off to DC. But the driver went in the opposite direction.... And now I've read that other Yelpers experienced this too! 

Is it because they want to avoid tolls? That's just not smart business. I didn't even notice until a passenger, more astute, asked if we were still heading to DC. We were, so I was confused. Then after looking at a map I realized we wasted a full hour and 45mins going north then turning around, passing cherry hill a second time. 

It was a cheaper ticket but I definitely have not experienced this before. I think it's pretty silly to detour to save tolls for a commercial business. How did a driver not know to drive south from NYC to DC? 

Riders beware! A good 2 hours wasted for I dunno what???
