The service is absolutely stellar and I couldn't ask for better treatment from the owner and his staff. I like to keep fresh flowers in my apartment and I am ALWAYS pleased with the quality of his work! For the price, it's outrageously good and I will always return for more! Two thumbs up to the owner and his team of busy bees. 

-It doesn't matter if I order one flower or 100 flowers, he packages them equally with such ellegance and pride.
Amazing. The floral arrangements here are a work of art. Artur did my bouquets for my wedding, and when my bridesmaids brought them into my room, I cried. They were everything I had hoped they would be, and so much more. Big, beautiful bouquets, with the freshest flowers. I was so thankful, i went over the next day to tell Artur how much I absolutely loved them. I was able to drop off ribbon for him to wrap my flowers in, as well, which i really appreciated. My budget was absolutely no problem, and Artur really worked with me to create exactly what I wanted, with the amount that I had to spend. They also offer really nice $10 arrangements that are good hostess gifts, or for your loved ones. Love this place!
I have searched through many floral shops since moving to Philadelphia and there are strengths and weaknesses to each, though I have yet to find a weakness at Almeidas.  My fears about high price and limited selection (as is common in the city) were quickly dispelled and the owner talked with me for thirty minutes about flowers, moving to Philadelphia and the food scene here.  The flowers themselves were quite impressive, stage one flowers that lasted two weeks+.  It was clear after our talk that this is a result of his high standards for flowers he stocks.  This is not to say the flowers were expensive; he was very open about the prices per stem (which has also been a frustration in Philly).  He was helpful in making sure I knew how to keep them looking their best and techniques that would make them last (apparently vases need to be not only washed, but bleached due to a bacteria that shortens flower life, who knew!).  Lastly, he packaged everything in brown paper with a beautifully hand tied bow that complimented my flower selection.   In the end, I had a $10 bouquet that looked like a $40 bouquet and the packaging made it appear even more costly.  This is where I will be buying flowers for the foreseeable future.
With only minutes to spare and in desperate need of a fresh bouquet for our daughter who's about to graduate on Mother's Day, we couldn't have been luckier to end up at Almeidas on our way to the big event. 

Without prior arrangements and being told that they were just about sold out of everything, somehow they managed to put together a lovely arrangement of beautiful long stemmed white roses in less than 10 minutes! The best part was how accommodating and friendly they were the entire time. I don't think we could have pulled this off as smoothly had we gone to another florist. What's amazing was it only cost $35. 

We got to U Penn on time with her gorgeous bouquet in hand thanks to the lovely folks at Almeidas. Can't thank you all enough. You guys rock!
I can't say how impressed I was with the service and the arrangement! Absolutely beautiful spring flowers! The presentation is fantastic... I have to say I've only had experience with one other florist; I thought that florist was great but Almeidas just blows them out of the water with the variety and even with pricing! Will definitely be a repeat customer!
Needed a simple and tasteful bouquet delivered and delivers promptly. They hit it out of the park! Wonderful to talk to and amazing follow through. My new Center City go to florist!
The two gentleman working in the store were very friendly and helpful. They arranged a beautiful bouquet for $30 that included orchids. I thought it was worth more than I paid for it, and it came with lovely paper and a card. Would definitely go back!
I bought an orchid here about a month ago on a frigid day.  Despite the best efforts of the florist to insulate the plant from the weather, the orchid did not survive the cold.  The shop replaced the orchid with a new one that night with no questions asked; I was very impressed with the customer service.  Excellent business.
Great for picking up bouquets -- I've received some exquisite ones from here!

Would NOT recommend for weddings. took me forever to get in touch with them. then, the owner told me that "brides change their minds all the time", so I should call back when I'm sure that I won't make my bridesmaids switch their dress color. (when I was asked, I had explained that some but not all of my bridesmaids had bought their dresses) I found this to be very condescending and sexist -- I knew what I wanted, so I just said "great, then can I schedule a meeting with you now?" We did schedule a time to meet, but then I had something come up and I was going to need to go out of town. I called a few days before the originally scheduled meeting and asked to cancel and reschedule our meeting. Never received a call back from them!
After we got our wedding flowers here, i told my husband not to send me flowers from anywhere else. Today for my 30th birthday I was surprised at work with a beautiful arrangement from Almeida's. My husband asked if there could be tulips even though they are out of season, and there are 2 in the arrangement along with Lillies, orchids, gerbera daisies, and so many others that i do not know the names of (but equally as beautiful!). Thanks again, Artur!
I went there for my wedding because I saw all the nice reviews, and usually Yelp gives honest reviews, but my experience was awful.  Our meetings were always interrupted with whoever walked in the door and I feel he is arrogant.  We were a little unprepared the first time which apparently became entirely our fault.  So the second meeting began with him stating that we should be aware of a possible consulting fee, then he forced me to finalize every last tedious detail including the silk bow color between white and ivory!! After I had to decide almost everything on the spot, he told us he will call us with an ROUGH overall price and we can decide from there.  It has been a couple weeks and we still haven't heard from him.  How long does it take to do a ROUGH estimation?!  I usually don't do reviews, but I really do NOT think it is a good place for wedding planning, he will make you even more stressful!
An amazing experience here yesterday.

Heading to a friend's for dinner and wanted to bring some flowers - I decided to pop in here and it's such a lovely shop that I was nervous to ask him to make me a bouquet for ten bucks, but the owner was happy to... and as another reviewer mentioned, he packaged it with the elegance and pride with which I'm sure he'd wrap a much grander order. I was extraordinarily pleased with the bouquet he handed me, and while he used modest blooms to meet my budget he arranged them with such skill and ease that I was very, very proud to hand them to our dinner hosts. 

Looking forward to coming back to this shop and will definitely use and highly recommend Mr. Almeida and his Floral Designs to anyone with an event or just looking for a nice bouquet that will surely brighten the day of both the buyer and the recipient.
I live on the west coast and wanted to find a local florist to send my client when his mother passed away.   I had no idea where to begin my search, but after seeing the reviews on yelp I visited the Almeidas Floral Designs website and requested a bouquet. it was after hours so the next day they phoned me and asked me what price range I had in mind and anything else they could do to customize it for me.  I told him I trusted him blindly to make something as beautiful as she was.  I had written a lengthy quote from the Maya Angelou on my card and he laughed and said it was quite long for a tiny card, so he took the time to write it all out for me on a card and include it with the arrangement he could have chosen to be annoyed but he wasn't he just wanted to do what he could.  He came through he sent me a photo of the arrangement and I was blow away it was absolutely beautiful.  I went the photo to by business partner and all my friends.  I would highly recommend this florist.  They are more contemporary and not old fashioned which I loved.
I chose this florist due to their close proximity to the address of a needed floral delivery. I ordered on line a week in advance for a congratulatory floral arrangement. The delivery was made as scheduled, however what was delivered was far below par from what was pictured on line. Carnations, mums and plastic Christmas berries were a prominent feature of the arrangement and all seemed poorly arranged. I was embarrassed to have sent the arrangement after I saw a picture of what was delivered. I can't see me ever using this florist again.
Went in last Friday and told Art (who I believe may be the owner) that I was looking to spend $30-50 on flowers for a first date. Being the thoughtful and wise person he is, he told me it'd be better to go with just a $30 bouquet to not raise the bar too high. Came back the next day and he arranged a beautiful bouquet of daisies and gerber daisies of all different colors that my date absolutely loved. Appreciated the fact that Art didn't push me to spend my maximum and was still able to make an awesome arrangement for the $30 I spent. Highly recommend--I'll be back for Valentine's Day.
I cannot say enough good things about this place.  The owner is incredibly professional, and will treat you well and listen to what you want whether you are spending $10 or $50 on an arrangement.  I walk in asking for a color scheme, or perhaps a thank you arrangement for an older male professor, for example, and he comes up with a stunning, fresh, and unique arrangement each and every time.  I usually give him my price range, tell him what it's for, and always enjoy our conversations while he creates a beautiful surprise each and every time.  I live almost next door, but having such an amazing florist is really what makes getting flowers often so easy. If it had to sum it up in one word, VALUE. It is outstanding here.  Give it a try, really, you or whoever is getting the flowers will not regret it.
Some of the best customer service I've ever received. I called with a challenging last-minute request on a tight budget - flower crowns for an important event had fallen through and we needed a set of replacements, quickly. Boy, did they deliver - they produced beautiful pieces in an unbelievably short period of time, and all for a very reasonable price. The communication was perfect throughout the whole process complete with photos as they worked, and the crowns held up perfectly throughout the day. I couldn't have had a better experience and will definitely be back. Thanks again!!
I stumbled upon this shop while  planning my baby shower. His details and craftsmanship are wonderful. Designed my flowers, just by looking at my invitation. Can't wait until I have another event just to purchase is beautiful flower arrangements.
I wanted flowers for my wife. I called Amy and she asked what I wanted. I said I do not know all the flower names so week, I just wanted to delight my wife, and asked if she could do it. She asked my price point and said she could do it. I was delighted when several hours later I got a text from my wife, "wow, the flowers are fantastic, best ever."  It is now 5 days later and the are even better. Job well done! Thank you.
Best florist in Philly. Artie did the flowers for my business for years. He does exactly what you want!
Amazing!! They had hydrangeas which are my favorite! Awesome price. Will definitely be back!
When our closest friend mistakenly ordered a vase of roses rather than a bouquet to propose to our best friend the next day (a Sunday), my friend and I blitzed to find a Philly florist that could prepare a bouquet by the next morning. Keep in mind, many artisanal florists are closed on Sundays, or they're delivery by online-order only.
We called about 4 florists in the Philly area before stumbling upon Almeidas. Not only were they open the next morning, but the staff was SO, SO KIND, thorough, and cooperative with our requests.
Moreover, the bouquets were very reasonably-priced, especially compared to other florists we checked in the area.
The bouquet was BEAUTIFUL and I wish I had a picture of it now, but I can say that it was diligently prepared and more affordable than the one our friend ordered online.
