My husband and I are Philly born and raised, We had friends in from out of state and we were taking them around the city as tourists for a day. We wanted to squeeze in as much as we could. But we all know that following around a tour guide is usually informative but not usually enjoyable. After reading the reviews on Tripadvisor, I selected Founding Footsteps and was thrilled with my choice! Yay me! We had a blast, It was the end of our long day of cruising around the city and taking in a few of the sites. So hopping on the trolley with a couple of adult beverages was just perfect. 

Tim, owner/tour guide, has an inviting personality. His perspective on some of the sites around the city is real and informative. I'm from Philly. I've toured all over the place as a child and well into adulthood and I learned a lot on this tour That was unexpected. Tim's delivery was humorous and inspiring. And his spirit and love of the city that he shares with his tour are infectious. 

This tour is a pleasant drive by tour that has a few out of trolley experiences. So if you are expecting to be bused from site to site and tour each site, then this is not for you. But if you are expecting to learn a lot in one day and enjoy doing so from the comfort of the old fashioned street car while sipping your favorite beverage, then this deal not only cannot be beat but it cannot be duplicated by any other tour in the city. 

Definitely a go to for locals and visitors alike!

Visited August 2016
Tim and Nancy are great! The history we learned by going on this tour went above and beyond what we could've read and discovered on our own. Tim's delivery was fun and informative. The ability to ask questions and get answers makes this the way to go for me. Have you ever read one of those signs and walked away asking for more? I will definitely do this again and highly recommend it!
Founding Footsteps is a stellar tour service for tourists and locals alike, and the fact that it's BYOB is just the icing on the cake.

One Saturday afternoon, JJ and I boarded a trolley expecting the normal cheesy bus tourist experience, but we ended up drinking beer and laughing the whole time. Tim the tour guide took us on a wide-ranging and informative tour that started in Old City, crossed the Schuylkill, and then returned--with Tim teaching and dropping jokes all the while. I learned quite a bit about the city's founders and its diversity, and the improvised/stand-up comedy kept it all interesting (in what city could Tim stick his head out the window, yell at Benjamin Franklin, and get an answer back? Only in Philadelphia, I tell you).

The bathroom break at the halfway point of the tour was well-planned, and the bonus stop outside the Art Museum meant that we were all able to channel our inner Rocky and run the steps. The two-hour tour flew by in the best way.
Would highly recommend to everyone wanting to learn about Philadelphia or coming to the city for the first time. We had a good time. Host was honest, knowledgeable and witty.
This BYOB Trolley Tour -Hilarious History Tour - was A+ - a must. So much history and humor -a total hoot of a time. Tim our host shared a plethora of history knowledge sprinkled with good humor and bad jokes!  What a fun three hour trip - a great time was had by all. Highly recommended.
If I could give this 10 stars, I would! I travel pretty frequently but I can confidently say that this was probably one of the best and most fun city tours I've experienced! I love finding unconventional ways of exploring cities and Founding Footsteps exceeded my expectations!  If you are a tourist or even a local, I recommend grabbing a six pack (or case), a box of Philly Pretzels and booking a ticket on the trolley. I love the fact that this is BYOB and Food! This is far from your typical cheesy tour. Tim uses his witty and charming humor to not only entertain but also to teach us about the history (and random fun facts) of Philly. 

You can tell Tim really really loves his city because he so passionate during his tours. I love supporting businesses that give back. During the tour, we also learned that he started his own non profit project that educates Philadelphia youth through a mentoring program. Twenty percent of his tour profits helps his mission (check the full story out on the Founding Footsteps website). This was the icing the on cake. 

Even as a Philly resident of 5 years, it amazes me how much I really didn't know about my own city. I have already taken this tour twice! 
My hope is that they start expanding on different types of BYOB history tours in other parts of the city. 

Highly recommend!!
We did a corporate event with our customers on the Founding Footsteps BYOB Trolley Tour. Tim handled everything from start to finish and was a funny informative tour guide. Our whole group was from the Philadelphia area or the suburbs and every single person was amazed how much we didn't know about the city. 
It was like a comedy tour and Tim had everyone riveted with his stories while pointing out different landmarks. Tim customized his tour for our group and he couldn't do enough to make sure that our company looked like Rock Stars in front of our customers. We have been getting emails and calls all day saying how much fun everyone had.
I am already planning another corporate event and I am going to plan a family day with my adult kids and friends.
Highly recommend for anyone!!!
This tour is amazing. First it's BYOB - no one else in Philly does that. Second, they go ALL OVER Philly. We started in Old City and went all the way out to the Art Museum and the Water Works. This is a GREAT way to see the city. Third, the host is hilarious. He really gets the vibe of the city. I've paid more money for shorter tours that were not as fun or enlightening. This tour is great for new visitors to Philly looking for a quick history of the city, and for locals who need to be reminded of how great this city is.
Holiday Lights Trolley Tour was a great Christmas activity! The tour is BYOB, the one stop includes free pizza, and they have live music on board the trolley singing Christmas songs. They take you to the major holiday lights display throughout the city, most of which I didn't know existed. I will definitely be booking this tour again next year with more family and friends.
This BYOB tour was a lot of fun and not what I expected. Started off with them plugging a local pastry chef who was selling her donuts in front of the trolley. They were actually delicious. So if she's back, I recommend you get some pastries for the trolley tour. 

The tour is light-hearted. And led by a jokester. You learn a lot and get some laughs. There a lot of bathroom stops, maybe a few too many. They stopped at the Rodin museum which was welcome. The tour guide is a great guy who uses this to help fund some great programs he works with. Enjoy the tour but don't take yourself or it too seriously.
Did the byob tour when my brothers were in town- we were looking forward to it but OH MY GOSH.... it was THE BEST!!!!! We had an amazing time.... Tim is extremely personable, informative, and funny. The age range on our tour was from 21-80s and everyone was having a blast. Can't wait to try out their brewery tour and comedy tour!!! Highly highly highly recommend.
An amazing experience. I learned more about Philly on this trip than on my previous visits. The guides were hilarious and were very nice to me and my guest. Would recommend to anyone visiting Philly. Thanks again.
So much fun! Amazing historic tour with comedy and BYO cocktails! Highly recommend it!
My friend and I did a walking tour and the experience was perfect!  We thoroughly enjoyed our tour guide, who was very knowledgeable and friendly. We recommend this walking tour to Philly visitors!
Great tour!  Was in a suburb for work for the week and wanted to explore Philly in one day. Tour gave a very good glimpse into Philly history while also being quite funny.  We laughed a ton!  BYOB was a great add-on.  Have already recommended to people!
Went on the Christmas trolley and had a great time! Definitely planning to do it again next year!! Family owned business and they clearly take pride in their business and the city of Philadelphia. After seeing what other tours they offer, I'm planning to check out some of the others in the spring.
We feel so lucky to have found this tour.  Tim is Awesome.  He really brought Philadelphia's history alive for us.  Many, many, thanks, Tim.
The tour was entertaining and informative! Great tour guide and funny jokes-- would definitely recommend to others and tour again!
I really enjoyed the pace of this tour. The stories were interesting and jokes were an added bonus. I would definitely recommend Founding Fathers Tours.
Awesome tour! We were in town for business training and we had a blast on this tour. Tim was very entertaining and we stopped at great spots. Best part was the rocky steps
We did the BYOB trolley tour and it was great!  My kids loved it too!  We saw all the best sites with lots of great history and stories mixed in. Lots of good photo ops on our stops. Tim really makes the tour and his love of the city really shows. We all learned something and had a great time!
Awesome tour!!!  This guy knows his stuff and was amazing to tour with!!  Can't recommend it enough but seriously if you are looking for a good tour this is it.
Look no further - choose this tour! We visited Philly for Memorial Day weekend and took a tour with Tim, the owner of Founding Footsteps, the night we arrived. I had researched a bunch of different guided walking tours prior to booking and chose Founding Footsteps because, based on the reviews, it seemed to be the one that would best suit our group of all ages (71, 50, 47, 45, 13, 10 & 9). We could not have been happier with the tour. Tim was extremely knowledgeable and kept us all entertained the entire time. It was a fantastic way to start our weekend. When we were driving home from Philly we asked the kids what their favorite part was & my 13 year old son said "definitely the walking tour!"
Tim was a great tour guide! It was clear to me that he loved his city and was very knowledgeable in Philly & American History. I enjoyed the places that Tim took us and background behind everything. We had people that didn't speak English and he helped them find a tour and walk them to it (not his tour) that could meet their needs, which I thought was very respectable. We also had people that were late to the tour and he walked back to go get them. I talked to him more and he has been doing tours for awhile and has created his own little business that he does in the summer (he is a middle school history teacher). I like supporting people/businesses like this!
We just took the inaugural Christmas lights tour and it was great! Delicious hot chocolate from Shane's, a shopping stop at Christmas village, and LIVE music for a festive sing a long!  Definitely got me in the Christmas spirit. We brought snacks and drinks and our whole group (13 of us) had a blast! Tim is wonderful and goes out of his way to make sure everyone leaves with a smile. Highly recommend you make this part of the season
Great tour and guide. Our guide Tim was a former school teacher. Tim was extremely knowledgeable and incredibly witty. He knew his historical facts and mixed in some fun pop culture info and music as well. Philadelphia is an awesome and friendly cosmopolitan city and we were so happy with our tour.
Founding Footsteps is absolutely amazing for making memories, learning something new, and enjoying the ride! My family went on a Christmas trolley tour with many stops including one for holiday lights! It was fun-filled and exciting the whole day. We will definitely be back!
Great tour. Friendly guide. I would definitely go again.  Just the right mix of interesting and relevant history.
Tim was fantastic! Informative, funny and entertaining. He is a former school teacher who really knows his stuff. We experienced some mechanical difficulties while on tour and it was still a great experience. He offered to reimburse folks because of the issues but which was gracious but not needed. Worth every penny. Highly recommend!
We had a wonderful educational and entertaining tour of Philadelphia with Tim from Founding Footsteps!   We are a family of four with two adults and kids aged 9 and 14.   All of us enjoyed the tour with Tim, who gives great facts and makes it entertaining for both children and adults with great stories and jokes relating to the sights we were seeing!   We covered several of the major landmarks in Philadelphia's Old City including: Independence Hall & the Liberty Bell, Carpenter's Hall, the Betsy Ross House, the Declaration House, Christ Church, Elfreth's Alley, Christ Church Burial Ground and the grave of Ben Franklin and the Ben Franklin Post Office and Printing Press.  Tim is very kind and accommodated our pace and interests.  He answered all our questions and was patient with our kids.  We highly recommend Tim and Founding Footsteps!
I thought long and hard about posting a negative review about this tour. I try to deal directly with places if I have a disappointing experience.   I brought a group of twelve staff on this tour a couple of years ago and had a fantastic time, so I decided to take five friends on this tour this past December.   A half hour before we were scheduled to arrive, I received a text stating the tour would be running a half hour late which was no big deal. This did, however, change how the rest of the evening went.  We rushed past several of the stops and barely were able to see the holiday lights.  We were only left off the trolley at one stop.  The last time I took this tour, we stopped at several places and were able to get off the trolley and take pictures.  The day after the tour, I read an article in the Metro Philly paper describing the tour and the stops it made.  I reached out to Tim, the owner, who replied that the article was not accurate.  I know it was, because I live across the street from one of the stops which our trolley skipped.   Tim promised to reach out to me to discuss our experience. We played phone tag, but time passed, and I never heard back. I know our night was rushed because of the late start.  It would have been nice if we had been offered a discount or tickets to attend the tour on another evening.  I will say the experience on the trolley with the live music was fun but expected more for the $380.00 I spent.
