Beautifully maintained, Philadelphia-themed mini golf right in the center of the park. This is a great place to stop if you're in park. 

Kids are $7 to play and adults $9. They do not force an adult to pay if you just want to let your kids play (like a lot of other places). They have a huge variety of golf club sizes from the youngest kids (mini toddler sized plastic clubs) to adults. 

The course is not huge but has 18 holes (challenging enough for young children). The  Philadelphia landmark theme throughout was really cute. Most holes had some landmark and a little history lesson to go with it. 

Employees were very nice.  And even better everyone playing when we went was super respectful. 

Definitely will go back when we're in the area with the kids again.
This is a super adorable Philly landmark themed mini golf course located IN Franklin Square Park, just to the right of the carousel! 

It's the ONLY mini golf course in the city, and a really clean, semi challenging one at that! 

It's wonderful for all ages! They have putters in various sizes with rubber tips for the wee ones. 

We love visits here on weekday nights in gorgeous weather! We try to come just before sunset. From some holes you can see a beautiful sunset happening in the distance over the Ben Franklin. 

They offer combo tickets with the carousel and do accept all major cc and debit. Single priced tickets are $9 an adult and $7 for children 3-12 years. Kids under 2 are free. 

The golf course is open seasonally and closed at night during the what now seems to be annual Chinese Lantern Festival. 

An evening spent in Franklin Square is always a lovely one...from a game here, to snacks from the super tasty Square Burger, letting the kiddos go nuts on the playground, make wishes in the fountain and a spin on carousel, there's a ton to do! 

There are restroom houses on the premises. 

Parking isn't the easiest directly around the square. There are a bunch of spots on 7th though.
It's amazing this place is in the middle of a big city. It's the perfect location for any outdoor activity when the weather cooperates. The mini-golf is fun, the holes are cool, you can learn from them too, and there's a food stand right across from it. 

There was a hole closed when I went, I believe it was the Rocky Stairs one, but it didn't impede my fun experience at all. I'd recommend this spot very much.
Bottom Line: An easy and fun Philadelphia theme course located in downtown Philly.

Downtown Philly seems like an unlikely place to find a miniature golf but sure enough there is one in Franklin Square.  Overall, the course is relatively easy as my husband and I had six holes-in-one between the two of us. 

We enjoyed putting our way through the different Philadelphia landmarks and appreciated there being some shade on the front half of the course.  The greens were freshly cleared off of leaves and debris which was nice.  Some of the landmarks need some repair but for all the elements the course is exposed to, overall it was in good shape.  

It took us about 40 minutes to play the 18 holes and on a Sunday morning in September we were just about the only ones on the course.
Solid mini golf course, but needs some love.

Can't beat the location (mini-golf in the middle of a giant city on a nice day), but the course itself is a little worse for wear (greens, features, etc.) A leaf blower would be nice, too. Lots of sticks and other shit on the greens. Some of the water features (i.e. the coolest ones) weren't working, but that might be because of the season. 

And the putters are NASTY. Please, spend $500 and regrip the entire lot of them. So gross to see colorful grips heavily soiled with black funk from gross hands. 

Overall, a good time. I think me and my sister got 5-6 hole-in-ones between the 2 of us, so it's a rewarding place to play. I especially like the Liberty Bell ringing with a hole-in-one on 18. Nice touch!
This course was absolutely adorable! Came here with my boyfriend for a date night after having dinner in old city. Love the location and I thought all the philadelphia-themed holes were perfect. It was $8 for each person which is reasonable and it was not crowded on a Saturday night so we were able to play at our own pace. The holes were a good mix of easy and challenging but still allowed it to be fun. I highly recommend coming here with kids during the day as there is a carousel next to it and a burger/milkshake stand or for a date night!
GO TO SPOOKY MINI GOLF HERE IN OCTOBER!
We've gone to Spooky Mini Golf at Franklin Square for the past two years, and it's wonderful -- you can't see your ball, halloween music is playing, the lights within Independence Hall are red, and there is a fog machine below the Liberty Bell. What more could you want? It's usually on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday nights during October.
In general, this is one of the best mini golf courses I've found in the Philadelphia vicinity. It's challenging, I love the decorations, and it's easy to get to. We've been four or five times.
Playing this course does actually require some skill, and the holes are all different. There are bends, obstacles, hills, indents, and carpet "sand traps." You get to putt across the Ben Franklin bridge, and through other Philadelphia monuments like a LOVE sculpture, the Chinatown gates, up the steps of the art museum, through Elfreth's alley, and more. The monuments are really very cute and funny. There are two holes I don't like, but it's because they are so hard! You don't realize how good this course is until you go to a boring mini golf course course. All the times I've been it hasn't been overwhelmed with children or tourists. We usually go for a date night and then go out to dinner in Chinatown afterward.
I went here last night with a group of friends and had a great time.  I loved all the miniature Philly landmarks and the imagination in some of the courses.  The layouts weren't entirely your traditional mini golf courses.  Overall, everything was well maintained.  I highly recommend this to anyone looking for a fun, silly night out!
Let me begin with a confession. I take mini golf far too seriously. Friendships have been formed, broken, reforged, and torn apart again based on the creative, sometimes painful, layout of these eighteen little greens. To the best of my knowledge, Franklin Square's mini golf course is the only outdoor one of its kind in the area. I know there's indoor mall mini golf in the area, but Franklin Square has seemingly cornered the outside market. 

The design and difficulty of the course are worthy of the 5-star review, but I do have to say that there are some major downsides to your faux golf fun in the sun. For one thing, $9/person does not result in a cheap day out, especially for families. For the size and upkeep up the course, I'd say this is a little too expensive. 

More importantly, however, there is little to no supervision on the course itself. Everybody knows that you can't trust parents to reign in their kids. This is not the world in which we live. My girlfriend and I were on course to have completed all 18 holes in around 30 minutes, but thanks to a group of 6 whose children were throwing balls and swinging their putters like baseball bats, we spent close to 30 or 40 minutes simply waiting for them to calm down the kids' temper tantrums and convince them to take a 37 on a par 2. 

Now, I'm sympathetic to the woes of parenting. I can imagine it is a very difficult and often defeating endeavor. That said, I think the Franklin Square management could do a better job of limiting group sizes and ensuring that people are playing by the rules and moving at a reasonable - not fast - pace. Because given how crowded this course can get, and how unsupervised the process can be, I can imagine that allotting a minimum of 90 minutes on a sunny day is the bare minimum.
Upon my exploration of Philadephia, my girlfriend and I came across this miniature golf course. It was cute as the course contained miniature landmarks of Philadelphia such as Independence Hall, Ben Franklin Bridge, and the famous Rocky courthouse steps. 

The course is well maintained but my only criticism was the $9 per person, a bit pricey for mini golf. But when in Rome, do as the Romans do. I probably would not come here again but I'd recommend anyone visiting Philly to check it out.
I went here with my girlfriend for a relaxing 18 hole of mini golf.

Overall, we enjoyed the experience. The mini golf was within Franklin square, a quant little square with other attractions such as a merry go around, square burger restaurant, and a moderately sized field where we saw some kids playing soccer. There's a fountain in the middle of the square that makes for a great backdrop for a family or romantic photo.

The mini golf arena itself is in a small area where all of its holes were densely placed alongside each other. Several Philadelphia attractions were within the golf course including- a mini love statue, the "Rocky" steps of the art museum, boathouse row, the entrance to china town, the liberty bell, and a few other attractions that tied the course together. None of the holes felt underdone or put together without much thought which made me think highly of the course. However, there was nothing on the course that made me go WOW or unique course obstacle that I had never seen before, so I could not give this course a perfect ranking. Also, if the course gets crowded, you often get involved in a bottleneck where you have to wait for the group in front of you to finish first. They should maybe include a secondary starting point in the middle of the holes so that way bottlenecks can be minimized.

Overall, I recommend this place to anyone who wants to go with a nice round of mini golf with their family or their girl friend. Walking to olde city or chinatown is a 10 minute walk in different directions from here;this mini golf course can be the start of a fun-filled romantic night!
I am so happy to be able to talk about one of our wonderful family traditions for my 200th Yelp review.  For the past five years, our family has gone mini-golfing on New Years Eve.  

Several of those years, we have gone to Franklin Square.  Although, at $9, the course is a little expensive, it is a wonderful course for the whole family to enjoy.

The course features miniature versions of many famous Philly landmarks, such as the Ben Franklin Bridge, Friendship Gate, LOVE park, Independence Hall, and more - but no cheesesteaks.  The hazards - few that there are - are much more forgiving than the potholes you find on Philly streets.  On most of the holes, the course gently slopes down to the cup so a softly hit ball will often end up in the cup even if the putt is not perfect.   Hole in one opportunities abound.

This is not a course to go to if you want challenging miniature golf, but it is a great course for even the youngest or skills challenged mini- golfer to enjoy.

The Square also features a carousel and playground to enjoy on your visit.
Friends, do not take me to play mini-golf, especially on the first nice weekend of 2014. I am way too competitive and I don't like having players behind you breathing down your neck because some in your party are very relaxed and playing very slowly LOL. 
Very cute Philadelphia-themed course! Well laid out so you don't feel cramped too. I do think $9pp is a little high but I'm sure there are coupons out there.
This is one of the better mini golf courses I've been to! I didn't expect much, but was pleasantly surprised by the greens and experience at Franklin Square Mini Golf. 

All of the holes are Philly-themed, depicting important landmarks and scenery from our beautiful city, with a plaque to match each one. Some of the holes are simple, while others have some creative elements, including some water holes! 

During October, the place is decked out for halloween with spirited and slightly ~spooky~ decorations adorning the holes themselves, adding another element to the fun. At a certain time in the evening, music turns on which makes it that much more enjoyable. 

A great mini golf stop for tourists and locals alike!
After dinner, my BF & I wanted to stay out in the city a while longer. We decided to walk around Franklin Square and to our surprise, the miniature golf course was still open!

For $9, you get to a play a round of 18-holes miniature golf. I enjoyed the little props that represented our City of Brotherly Love. We went on a somewhat busy evening as we had to wait for 2 groups of people to finish up before we can move on to each hole. Thankfully, it was not too humidly that evening, with some breezes here and there. 

Throughout the evening, we saw some HUGE rats casually running across the park and jumping into the bushes. It was not comforting, but we got through our game with no issues. Now we know to go during the day as the rats come out during the evening. I would definitely return to this cute little park for more rounds of mini-golf in the Fall & Spring to avoid the Summer heat during the day.
