Cool park minutes from Chinatown. I visited this park for the Chinese lantern festival. The park was not too large. This park has a nice children's play area, beer garden, mini golf, food stands, a couple large lawns, and a center fountain. It was very crowded at the festival, but would imagine it would be nice to come here just to relax and have a picnic lunch.
[1032]
11/2019

This place was always on my bucket list so I was happy check it out when company came to visit.  

We parked in the visitor center garage 

We visited on a Saturday night in November.  It was cold out but we were able to warm up by the FirePit.  

There was a tent that looked like it served s'mores and hot chocolate but you can see the crazy long line so we did not go inside. 

The kids rode a train, carousel and played mini golf. The golf course was good as each hole was a different landmark in Philly.  

The place looks cool with the zillion holiday lights.   There was a music/light show each half hour that was pretty cool.  

Definitely a cute place to take the kids.    We stayed 2 hours in the 30 degree cold but definitely could have stayed more. 

I'll definitely be back
My inner child is in love with Franklin Square. A bit of a not-so-hidden gem, Franklin Square is a perfectly manicured area with tons to do. One of the original five public squares designed by William Penn, the renovations from a few years back have turned this into one of my favorite areas in the city. There is a picnic area, playgrounds, a carousel, and even Philadelphia themed mini golf (which is my main draw). The 18 hole course allows you to putt through the Friendship Arch, over the Ben Franklin bridge, and through Elfreth's Alley. At the last hole, if you manage to get your ball up to the Liberty Bell, it rings! The mid-19th century fountain is gorgeous and sits in the center of the park. Franklin Square is also the home of the Living Flame Memorial, a memorial to the city's fallen policemen and firefighters, and huge sand sculptures that change periodically . Stephen Starr's square burger further increases the park's interest, serving burgers and even Tastykake milkshakes.
Now Franklin Square is transformed to Chinese Lantern Festival~ Before 6pm, admission is FREE!! You can check out all the lantern pieces. Great photo opportunity!! After 6pm, there will be admission fee because all the lanterns will be light up. Also, there will be food & beverage for sale.
Very nice small light show. The area is not to large to walk through. They few things for the kids to do. The carousel is nice lite up when it is going around. They have a mini golf area. The Ben's sweets and treats tent is nice. Very good hot chocolate and cinnamon cookies. Also in the tent you can get few drinks to warm the adults that need one.
Parking will be the toughest to find in this area. But well worth the walking through.

Definitely a place to return
One of five grand public squares that William Penn had envisioned for Philadelphia, North East Publick Square became Franklin Square in 1825, only to fall into a state of neglect in the 20th century. The presence of a nearby expressway nearby - and the tendency of traffic to speed around it - exacerbated a sense of isolation from the rest of the city.

These days, thanks to a multi-year restoration from Historic Philadelphia, a non-profit, the square is a vibrant space, even if you'll have to dodge traffic to get to it. A grand fountain forms its core, but around it are a number of family-friendly amenities, whether a mini-golf course, a carousel, or a playground. There is also a food kiosk and restroom facilities. When I stopped by, everything was in functional shape.
 
Thanks to all the volunteers who worked tirelessly to rehabilitate this space - thereby finally fulfilling Penn's vision for it!
Cute play area for dates and gettogethers! It has a beer garden and mini golf, as well as a food stand with some basic options. Oh, and did I mention carousel? The bathrooms could use some work but overall, great but intimate park!
Ever since I was a kid trying to swing all the way around the top bar to see if I would turn inside-out, playgrounds have always held major fascination for me.  

While Franklin Square doesn't have the biggest playground, it is pretty well-designed.  Two separate play areas, one for very small kids and one for everybody over 24" tall, feature climbing structures, kinetic-motion rides and (sadly) just a few swings. 

My boyfriend and I hit up the Square for a non-drinking date, and before he knew it, I was dragging him through the jungle gym, making him nauseated on the spinning centrifugal-force pole and otherwise acting childish.  The best thing about it was it was a nice summer evening and there were plenty of other kids to play with!  We showed a few siblings how when you pull your body in towards the spinning pole, you twirl faster, and when you stick you butt out and away, you slow down -- it's the most un-boring physics lesson ever, yeah? 

There's also the beautiful antique carousel -- I think rides are $2 but I'm not sure -- and a mini-golf course I've never played in.  The historical fountain is nice too, but I wish there wasn't that huge fence around it.  Makes it look too forbidding for a kid's park.
I'm a sucker for any carousel ever, not sure if this one is a PTC one or not but once I spotted it I knew I had to visit this park. It's super cute and decorated for the holidays right now. They also have mini golf which I didn't partake in but could be nice for the kiddos.

I brought lunch here to enjoy and bought myself a ticket for the carousel. I felt it only right to ride the eagle in Philly, am I right? This is one that does not move but after a cheesesteak and going round and round with the others moving, you'll think you're moving. I'd had just enough of an experience as the carousel came to a spot.

It's the little things like this that keep me happy.

Great spot for a date, some solo time and an area to let the kids blow of some steam.
Such a fantastic play place! With views of William Penn peeking out high above the city to one side and the Ben Franklin in the back to the other, this centrally located park with lots of fun activities is brilliant and we just LOVE it! What's not to love really?

 A cool playground sectioned off by age suggestions and fenced in for safety. 

Philly landmark designed mini golf with clubs for all ages...baby, toddler, teen and adult. 

A historic carousel with rides for just $3 a person. (They have a combo ticket for under $10 a child which included one round of golf and one carousel ride!) 

A beautiful fountain perfect for photo ops and making wishes. 

A Steven Starr pop up shack with delicious burgers and veggies burgers topped with diced onions, and pickles on top and served with crispy, crinkle-cut fries. Grab a flavor of the month milkshake like Philly's own Tastycakes and dine around the fountain, or picnic the grass or at one of the picnic tables. People bring coolers and their own food too! 

There's a small gift shop near the ticket booth too. 

They also have a pavilion you can rent for parties. 

Handicap friendly restrooms. Only one at a time. 

They host many, super fantastic FREE events here! We have attended them all and have always had a blast! 

Holidays & NYE celebrations complete with food trucks and a holiday light show "Spectacle" which is not to be missed! It's a tradition in our fam. 

4th of July with a small train that rides around the park. 

A pumpkin patch every fall with FREE pumpkin picking and painting for kids under 10. 

Easter, Halloween, you name it. Stay up to date with Fab Philly Mom on FB or Instagram. I always promote these events as we just adore them! 

The only negative is unfortunately the parking situation and they can't do much about it. Really, this is the only reason we haven't hosted a birthday party here. If you are lucky enough to be able to walk here, that's awesome!! Do it! Uber it perhaps? There are a few spots you can leave your car at on the NE side of the park, by the fence for the playground. There are also some spots on Race but you would have to keep an eye on your car as it's "authorized vehicles only" and it's troublesome. There are some kiosk pay spots in Old City but they go fast. We have been parking in a EZ Park lot on 8th and Race and hitting up Chinatown for lunch after since we already paid to park. It's not cheap: $6 first half hour. $14 unlimited on weekdays and $17 on weekends of yore going to stay for an event it's worth it not to have to worry and run back. $5 up charge for SUV's, vans and trucks.
This a lovely family spot - beautiful fountain, Squareburger, tons of green space and trees, picnic tables, a carousel, and mini golf! 

The mini golf is a lot of fun - it's about $9 per person for 18 holes with Philadelphia themes. The course isn't flashy, but it's clean and well kept and some of the holes are quite cute - the Ben Franklin Bridge and Boathouse Row were our favorites. It's a lot of fun on a nice day and would appeal to kids and adults alike.
i used to live at 5th and vine. we would call this "homeless park". it was so bad, i did not cut thru, even tho it would take several minutes off my walk to work. there were crack heads everywhere. sleeping all day, all over. clothes lines ran from bench to bench. it looked more like a refugee camp. absolutely NO reason to go in there. then a wonderful thing happened. they put up a 20 ft fence and started construction. for many months we had no idea what was going on. when it was all over and the fence came down, it was the cutest place in cc. mini golf (which i have no interest in playing) carosel, playground. so family friendly. there was no where to take a little one before. people in period costumes everywhere. it is just such a nice addition to philly. the fountain is beautiful. and its nice to sit on a bench and just take it all in. so hard to believe what it used to be.
Some of the best 18 hole mini-golf around - each hole is a different Philly attraction!  You start off at Elferth's Alley, sojourn through the LOVE statue, and try your luck with Independence Hall...  It's great!  Watch out for the water hazards and sand traps, though!  The fountain is really nice.

The park is so serene and peaceful, a great place to sit and read or relax and ruminate about your day.  Towering Oaks and Moon Trees supply provide a majestic canopy of shade.  The past two summers there have been awesome sand sculptures in the park.  I haven't had opportunity to ride the carousel or swing on the swings in the playground...  But bring your A Game and I'll meet you on the mini-golf greens!
Franklin Square, home to Franklin's famous kite experiment holds a very special place in my heart. Growing up in Chinatown meant staring at blacktop. There was no picnic area or even a chance to walk barefoot in the grass, let alone play catch or toss a football until one day, my friends and I wandered outside of our "play area" as most children do and discovered a park full of green. This was our escape! No longer did we, did I go without the smell of morning dew, the mushy feel of leaves underneath my feet and the field that would be my diamond. It was far from perfect.. Broken concrete, a weathered and rusty jungle gym and dry grass. But we didn't care. It was our park!!  Then lo and behold, Once Upon a Nation transformed the park to what it is today- a restored green space complete with astroturf and playground equipment for all ages including infants, a carousel where one of the horses is named Smarty Jones and a 18 hole mini golf course that includes ringing the Liberty Bell with a hole in one.  With this face lift, I can't even imagine how many more children will create their own adventures here and claim this park to be their own. So no matter what your age, join in on the fun! Oh, the places you'll go!
After a trip to Camelback, the family decided to stop by here for the Chinese Lantern Festival. It was a cool festival with great art. I appreciated it a lot, so did the family. There was a biergarten with cool drinks, such as the lychee sangria and another one that I forgot. Whoops. The park itself is on the smaller side (in my opinion). There was a food stand as well as merry-go-round that looked pretty cool. The only thing that I didn't like was the maintenance of restrooms. There was no toilet paper in the one nearest to the biergarten and it wasn't the cleanest. And I think those darn toilets were too high. Nonetheless, it was still a good place to enjoy with the family, with or without the lanterns.
My daughter and I come here ALL THE TIME for the gorgeous playground, fountain, sand castle sculpture and free historical stories told all summer long.

We occaisionally splurge on the $3.00 a ride carousel (that is pricey if you need to accompany your little one it's $6.00 - and just TRY telling my little one that she can only ride it once.

Good luck.

Anyhow, they also have a mini golf course and a fancy schmancy new snack bar.

Bathrooms that are relatively clean, too.

GREAT PARK.
We were recently at Franklin Square in downtown Philadelphia for their Christmas activities. So glad to see this park being put to good use. Parking can be extremely tough! They offer a carousel, mini golf and a burger shack (Stephen Starr). During Christmas they offer a free light show that runs every 30 minutes. It was pretty cool. They have seating and multiple fire pits. They also have a tent with a bar and s'mores. Our daughter really enjoyed herself. We would go back, solid 5 stars.
Don't hate my 3 star review, but I'm from California and I'm not urbanized (yelling at my kids in public and grabbing them borderline child-abuse style.)  Philly is a tough place (Ben Franklin would be proud..."I'm gonna fly my effin' kite during a lightning storm if I want!") and I'm def not "Philly tough."  So, the park...it's a nice spot, but I'm lame.

3.5 stars (please don't kick my ass!)
Perfect little park for the kiddies or the kid in you. 

Located directly next to the overpass, but green enough (and virtually litter-free) for you to overlook that fact.  Just in walking distance of Independence Park, so for all you out-of-towners visiting for the day, seeing the sights and with children in tow, this is a good pit stop for you.

Huge modern jungle gym and swings, an old-fashioned merry-go-round carousel and a Philly-centric mini golf course (though they've could have done more with it - it's open until 9 - a good date spot?) are the main offerings here.  The public restroom is surprisingly clean enough and Starr's little burger outlier right next door can quench your thirst and provide you with some sizeable snacks for hungry tykes and adults.  Benches and picnic tables a plenty, huge water fountain and the sandcastle sculptures make for a really cute urban spot that's rarely crowded.
I really really really liked this square. They have socially distanced tables, benches and chairs around the park that you can lounge on.  They also have a venue that you can hold events there and a miniture golf course.  There are places that you can get food there as well, but they close relatively early.  There is a carousel that lights up the square that you can ride, for a small fee. The heart and soul of the park is the lighted fountain that comes to life at the top and bottom of the hour, dancing to popular songs. I got treated to the fountain dancing to Katy Perry's "Firework". There is a lot going on in the square.  There were people running, others doing some type of sword fighting class, while others were playing catch. The park closes at 9PM, so plan accordingly.  It is a good time for the reasonable price of free. I highly recommend visiting this square if you are in town.  However, you may want to consider bug spray, if you will be there after dark.  Those mosquitos lit me up.

There is metered and garage parking in the vicinity, but is still a short walk.
I'm sort of surprised to not see this park listed yet. They reopened it to the public last July after a huge restoration project. the restoration project included retouching an old fountain from 1838 and making it the centerpiece. They also included new features like a huge playground, a 30 animal carousel, and a mini-golf course that includes replicas of some notable Philly structures. so not only is it a beautiful park, it's also a whole lot of fun during the day. 
The only flaw is the location. You find yourself going through Rittenhouse Square on a regular basis due to the area it's in. The same can be said for Washington Square, Liberty Lands, Clark Park, etc. But Franklin Square is pretty close to the highway, and not much else. So it's not that good of a "just passing through" park. but it's really worth the visit due to all that's inside it.
Franklin Square is such a nice little green space in the middle of an urban area. They have plenty of benches, tables, and chairs so you can spread out and picnic, enjoy the view and soak up the sun while getting some much-needed fresh air. They have a beautiful fountain in the middle and a gorgeous (operating) carousel for children to play on. There's a little venue area for events and you can also get some food there as well from a food stand, but it's in such close proximity to so many great food options nearby in Chinatown that you don't have to worry about going hungry here. You can also clearly see the Benjamin Franklin Lightening bolt structure from this park which is pretty nifty. Apparently, Franklin Square is also one of the original squares that was planned by William Penn! I love the deep-rooted history of this park. Overall, a great place to relax and spend a day.
I love you, Franklin Square! Without a doubt, the best of the Philadelphia squares probably because it's the only one that really tries to make people happy. The playground is top notch and therefore almost always filled with kids. I can't complain about this because playgrounds are meant for kids, but the few times I was able to indulge myself on those swings were just awesome. The carousel is great and goes beyond just horses to eagles, lions, and zebras. Yes, I've also ridden the carousel. The mini golf is probably the only activity appropriate for people over 12 and, of course, the only thing I haven't done. Even so, it looks cool and I love the idea of Philly themed golf. They also offer Stephen Starr food, a huge fountain, Phillies sand sculptures, and lush green grasses. Enough to plan a picnic around or at least just stop by. They also host many events for all ages, including summer movie nights where you can come see a family classic like Back to the Future (yeah, I did this too) for free!
I think people may think I live at this park ha ha. I mean, I often walk here, work remotely from here, relax here, stalk the tai chi club on Thursday mornings here, participate in arts and rec here and most recently drank (on more than 5 occasions a delicious cider by a fire here!

A wonderful neighborhood park that provides something for everyone. Can't wait to see what installation will be there this spring. 

Bring the kiddos, have some churros, play mini Philly mini golf, kiss your sweetie on a park bench, people watch, lay in the grass, be mesmerized by the fountain, have a picnic, daydream! Do all the things.
Yet another 5-star review for Franklin Square! 

I drove by this place on a night where it looked like they were showing a movie in the park. It then became this mystical urban oasis that I was just dying to check out. 

I finally made it over there on a lovely Sunday afternoon for a exciting game of mini golf (or putt-putt) and wandering. The course was fantastic-- I felt like Godzilla! The staff was really friendly and even laughed at my joke about Catholics vs. Protestants when I selected an orange ball after my date picked a green one. 

The giant Phillies sand (or is it?) sculpture is definitely worth a peek, and since kids are usually happy around mini golf, balloon animals, and carousels, the crowd is good too.
This was a really fantastic urban park!  There are pretty clean public restrooms, a carousel, mini golf, a fountain (not for swimming - it is fenced), open space for sun bathing, setting up a volleyball net, etc, and our favorite - a fenced in playground area.  In the plaground, it is divided into two spaces, one for younger kids (I believe 2-5) and one for older kids.  There are benches and lots of trees around, so yes, there is the possibility of shade!  Lots of swings, slides, and age appropriate equipment.  While we stayed more with the younger stuff, the equipment for older kids looked pretty epic.  There is also a food stand selling burgers, milkshakes, and water (probably other stuff, but didn't notice).  This was a really pleasant experience and a really great space to be outside with your small people!
Bottom Line:  A small green space in Philadelphia with a historic fountain, a carousel and a Philly themed miniature golf course.

On a warm September Sunday morning Franklin Square was a nice experience.  We visited the park because my husband and I have a thing with playing miniature golf but we were pleasantly surprised by the 180+ year old fountain.  

The Franklin Square Fountain was originally built in 1838 after the Philadelphia City Council set out to build a fountain of "grand dimensions." Apparently, the fountain was in really rough shape for a long time but in 2006 it was fully restored.  Just looking at the fountain, it looks like a majestic fountain but apparently at certain times it comes to life with a full-on Vegas-style water and light show choreographed to music!  Wow, how fancy.   I am sure the show is fun but what I like about the fountain is that it is the oldest functioning and refurbished public water fountain in the United States.

There are some nice signs throughout the park - one that notes Franklin Square is one of Philly's five original squares set forth by William Penn.   I didn't know much about William Penn and his squares so I like that the park left me wanting to know more.

In addition to the fountain, carousel and miniature golf course, the park also has benches, bathrooms, a playground, grassy areas and benches.
This park is one of the many reasons that I love living in Chinatown and I come here all the time. You don't have to have kids to love Franklin Square, having a dog helps, but I come alone just to enjoy this urban oasis. What bad can you say about a park in a city center that not only has a huge fountain, a playground, picnic tables, mini-golf, and a carousel? Probably not much.

It's never overly crowded which is nice, a lot of families will make this a whole day affair bringing along their own meals to enjoy either picnic style in the well manicured lawns or at the many picnic tables. Check out the historic philadelphia website for events held at the park because there are tons of family friendly event days that range from arts and crafts afternoons to the trees-lighting around Thanksgiving that is attended not just by Santa, but by Benny Franklin himself!
I really love the events they have at Franklin Square! We've had our 6 year old's birthday party there and there's so much good old fashioned fun to keep them entertained- the carousel, the playground and Philadelphia themed mini golf is always a big hit!  The train is a kid favorite when we catch it running!
The pavilion makes a great place to have cake and pizza and take a break from the hot summer days! 
We've been here for special events and the bathrooms aren't always kept up and Square Burger, while the food is good, doesn't seem to be managed very well as the service tends to be slow. It's a bit of a hassle to find parking if you can't walk or Uber over there unless you get there first thing in the morning in which case there is usually parking around the perimeter of the park! We always come here during the winter time to take in the holiday charm, there is a adult beverage tent and open fire pits to roast marshmallows and warm up in general. It's a nice spot and great use of space in an otherwise busy corridor or town.
There's a playground, a carousel, mini-golf, a playground, and now a burger shack.  What's not to love?  In the summer, the fountain is fun to see.  I've seen Egyptian monuments recreated in sand here.  I've played many games of miniature golf (damn that art museum-themed hole!).  I've taken my nephew to play here and to ride the carousel. Santa hangs out here during the season, when the fun multi-colored globes hang in the trees.

One of the parks from the city's original plan, I'm so glad to see Franklin Fountain looking so good after years of well...not looking so good.
Franklin Square is now complete!!! SquareBurger is the long awaited food station at Franklin Square and is staffed by "Starr Restaurants". You know, the gang behind Jones, Buddahkan, ElVez, you get the point. So, the new joint will have STARR quality at PARK prices!! I am so excited to try the "Tasykake Shake"!! I know, right!! Who's up for a round of mini golf while I slurp down a "TastyShake"!! It truly is HIP TO BE SQUARE!!! I'll be humming that tune while I enjoy "Good Eats"!! "Oh, yeah! I'm uh git sum fires wit dat shake!!!"
A nice place to sit, have lunch, and watch the water fountain.

The Good: A nicely kept area in center city Philadelphia with a carousel ($3 per rider), mini golf (also a fee), a place to buy tasty food, and a nice playground for the children. In addition, when I ordered my chicken fingers and a side of fries, I thought it would be a light lunch. I was wrong! The "Square Burger" gave me 4 good size chicken tenders and more fries than I could eat. It was pretty good food from a place in a park.

The Bad: Restrooms were not the cleanest (not the worst) and short on paper towels. 

The Ugly: I don't think they should charge a parent $3 to ride a carousel with their children when the children are too small to ride alone. 

With all that being said, I will go back with my family after taking in another attraction. Not sure if it's worth a trip into the city just for the park. Enjoy!
I was under the impression there would be more to do here.  If you were planning on bringing your children, you only need to carve out an hour or so.  There is miniature golf, The carousel, and a few small playgrounds.  The grounds are very nice and well taken care of.   There's a bathroom.  Parking was not difficult on a Sunday evening.
Since I'm an out-of-towner, I don't really know much about the area. I did look up the history of the square before my visit. Apparently it was a market to buy gun powder. I was trying to find the plaque that was for the people who were buried around the square. I never found it though. There is a fountain in the middle of the park, a carousel and some mini golf.

I was here for the Chinese Lantern Festival and went on a week day. I got there during the day to walk around and read about each display. There was some live entertainment on the staging area. The display was really nice around 8:30-9pm. The weather made it even nicer. No real complaints but the price, but that's Philadelphia.
This was the second time I was at Franklin Square Park and it is spacious, beautiful, fun, and relaxing! There's a playground, mini golf, merry-go-round, and small food stand too.

The first time my boyfriend and I came here it was a hot Summer afternoon and during the middle of the heatwave so we didn't have the best experience. However, we did enjoy our second time here and played mini golf too. There was a lot of people playing mini golf since the day we went was a beautiful, Spring afternoon.  I love the American, Patriotic, and Philadelphia theme they had in the golf course. 

Finally, there is a big fountain and sign in the front of the park for those who love taking pictures.
Another totally underrated Philly attraction: great for kids or visiting relatives or just a place to hang out with friends before going on to Chinatown or Old City.  It's  such a delight to find this miniature amusement park (okay, just putt-putt and a carousel) hiding in the middle of the city.  It's fun to pretend to be a giant in the little Elfreth's Alley, but man are those Art Museum steps a bitch.  Be prepared to rack up a full six shots on that hole.  I'm already looking forward to celebrating spring in this hidden oasis of all things childhood and fun.
As the other reviewers have pointed out, one of the reasons Franklin Square is so nice is because not many people hang out there. The location does not lend itself to casual foot traffic.

So what's in this block-sized park? Well its got a really nice fountain, lots of large trees, a massive sand sculpture, a carousel, Philly-themed mini golf(!!!) and Steven Starr's SquareBurger. 

The park really shines after sundown (thanks to different colored lanterns in the trees), but unfortunately the attractions and SquareBurger close fairly early. 

If you're bringing the family into town for the historical attractions in Old City I would definitely suggest taking a break in Franklin Square.
Very nice park with a water fountain in the middle and lots of lights on all the trees surrounding the entire park for the Holiday festival.I'm not really sure what this park normally looks like because it's hard to imagine it without all the lights, the beer garden and the big food tent. The park itself is pretty big and it has a miniature golf course and a carousel which is pretty cool. I'd love to come back when it starts to get warm so I can try a shake from the infamous Square Burger. I think it's cool that a park has a little fast food restaurant in it, I can't wait to try it.
I had my wedding ceremony at Franklin Square in June, 2010. Everyone that I contacted was so responsive and helpful. All the staff were proud of their work and park! They made sure that my day was perfect. 

It's the cutest little city park that Philadelphia has. There is mini golfing, a carousel, and Square Burger. The fountain in the center is lovely and there's always space for a picnic-er. It is close to Chinatown so one can easily have lunch/dinner and then take a walk. There are family friendly events there during the year. Also, as a bonus, there are beautiful orbs of different colors in the trees during the winter.
I like this park, but what I don't like is that our tax-payer money pays to maintain it/keep it existing, yet, they chose to charge $17 per person for the Lantern Festival. Additionally, food vendors were permitted to charge $12 per tiny food item during this festival. This is outrageous and total discrimination against poor people.

In case you are wondering, I did pay to get in, but only because I had relatives visiting from 300 miles away who really wanted to attend the festival.  I'll never go back again as it was most certainly  not worth the $17 per head gouge.
Franklin Square surprised me at how much fun I can actually have here as an adult. The park is quite spacious, you can run around with kids, play mini golf, go on the merry-go-round and have some burgers.

My friends and I decided to do the mini golf and merry-go-round for just $11, seems like a bargain to me. We did the mini golf first and it started to drizzle with rain but luckily it wasn't a hard down pour. As the rain left, more people started to appear on the course. Good thing we were a couple of holes before them. The merry-go-round brought back a lot of memories, although it was a bit short, you get to feel the breeze on such a humid afternoon.

They also have a big fountain in the center for you picture-takers.
Located by 6th and Race - you've got a carousel, a fountain, a park, historic (literally) putt-putt, a gift shop, and Stephen Starr's Square Burger ... what more do you need in any park?

Nice place to grab a bite, sit, and people watch.
I love Franklin Square! Not just because I live caddy-corner to it, but because it is a beautiful local landmark that is a testament to the progress of Philadelphia and this area in particular. A beautiful fountain, mini golf, playground, carrousel, picnic benches, and a Steven Starr burger joint adorn this block sized park. Great for a family outing or just a quick stroll as a convenient shortcut from Northern Libs to Chinatown.
Wonderful for kids of all ages! Only $8 to "mini golf" or, in my case, run amuck through miniature Philadelphia, pose with the Liberty Bell, Run up the pint-sized Art Museum steps, and pretend to be Godzilla in Olde City.  

When you're finished grab a shake or root beer float at Steven Starr's new little burger shack, sit and enjoy the view, or take a spin on the Carousel. Plus, there are public restrooms and they're clean!

Walk there, don't drive.  Although, if you must drive, there is a ridiculous block on Race St. between 6th & 5th Streets with 12-hour meter parking.  That's like 12 rounds of mini-golf, if you so dare!
Did you say minigolf and the opportunity to have a milkshake made with tastykakes? 

Yep I'm in. 

This is a solid date spot, and my boyfriend and I really liked the friendly competition of the minifgolf AND attempting to share the aforementioned milkshake (I gave up the fight...only because bikini season is here).

Head on over on a less crowded Sunday night after all the Jersey-ites head home because they're open a little later in the mid-summer.
If it wasn't for Square Burger and the nice playground and merry-go-round for kids, this would also be a two star review. And if it wasn't for the highways that cut up the way to get here, this might be a four star review.

It's a nice place to go, but it's in an awkward location, cut off from the rest of Center City (and Northern Liberties to the north) with a series of highways and merge ramps. 

With that said, we did our engagement pictures here, too--so there is some nice scenery as well.
Nice historical gem in Old City Philly! Came during the holidays during the tree lighting show. They showed the Christmas lighting show every half hour from 4:30 to 8pm. They also have a nice tent area where they sell some cold brew and some bites.

I enjoyed a nice brew right next to the fire pit. Nice historical fact for you this park was renovated in 2006.
What a beautiful park! 
Not only was it clean and well maintained, it had a ton of fun things to do.

My family and I played minigolf and then got milkshakes at square burger before running to the "historical" stuff down the road. 

Perfect place to spend a first date, bring a family, or just relax on your own :)
This a very well-kept public space with a variety of areas - playground, carousel, mini-golf, fountain, and food.  I've had the pleasure of doing some film shoots here, the management is always great to work with and they truly care about keeping the park beautiful and useful to the community.  If I had kids, I'd be a frequent visitor.
My favorite or the 4 squares! It's clean, fun & relaxing.

It's a family friendly park with an awesome play area, mini golf, a merry go round & fountain.

Square Burger is here if you need to refuel but their fries have gotten smaller & worst with time. (other review)

There are picnic tables & other smaller tables so I love to bring food from the Gallery or Chinatown here when it's nice out.
Franklin Square is such an overlooked gem. This is simultaneously the best place to go on a date and to bring your family.

There's a carousel, mini-golf (with tons of fun "my size" replicas of Philadelphia monuments), a burger joint that makes killer milkshakes, a playground, picnic tables, grass to lay on, and a nice fountain to sit by while you people watch.

It's placed in an odd area, but our founding fathers are to blame for that. It's totally worth the walk (and it's not even that long of a walk, anyway).
We had a great time taking the kids here for miniature golf and a carousel ride. The golf is definitely geared towards younger kids. This was actually the first time our children played (6 y/o and 3 y/o) and they did fine. Each hole was designed after a different Philly theme or landmark (Love Park, Art Museum, Liberty Bell, etc.). The kids really had a good time, and maybe we lucked out when we went because it wasn't very busy. We did one ride on the carousel which lasted for a fairly long time and it was really fun. The overall price was little on the high side, but not outrageous for center city attractions. The playground here is of ample size, and it has a decent amount of play equipment for a park in center city. 

Overall, it was a great place to come to entertain the kids for a couple of hours. We will definitely come back here in the future when we're in center city with the kids and looking for something to pass some time.
Need a little mecca of green grass and trees with a water fountain flowing in the background. A little mini-golf or Carousel your style? Then Franklin Square is your place! 

I get the pleasure of living very close and we frequently take a blanket and some snacks and a little something to wet the whistle and do a picnic because there is a ton of open grass. You can either be over by the playground or go to the other side which is much quieter. 

There is a quaint little burger hut there with plenty of seating if you are looking for a play and food day or evening. 

A lot of seasonal events also take place here so keep a watch out for these because they are usually awesome.
I love Franklin Square.  I live nearby in Northern Liberties so I can ride my bike here when the weather is nice.  It is a very well managed park - clean, good grass, beautiful fountain. The mini golf is great too. The mini replicas of the city are so well done.  The only warning I would give is that the public restrooms are DISGUSTING. I am pretty sure since they are public homeless people bath in there and it smells terrible.  So I would definitely try and use the bathroom before or after you get to the park.
This place has a really cute mini golf course. It would be a nice space for a date or a great way to wrap up a visit to Philadelphia. The pay activities are affordable and kids seem to have a great time here. There's plenty of space--it's nice to get away from the crowds. Best of all, it's a short walk away from the delicious nature of Chinatown.
Franklin Square is such an oasis. Race Street can be a lonely stretch of road. From 5th Street to 10th Street, the 70's firm-faced Federal design got the better of the architectural landscape of Race Street. It's something like the Matrix, impersonal and professional, pseudo-stucco siding and wide, grim windows. Across the street from these depressing yet efficient edifices is a break from the mundane. A carousel, a fountain, a mini golf course inspired by the layout of the city, benches at every turn, even a generous amount of grassy park to share with fellow Center City people on a nice day. 

But, it must be said, it is in Center City, right around the corner from the tourist-trod Old City, where Betsy Ross house-goers and Ben Franklin post office-viewers wander aimlessly with their Canons and fanny packs. But it's not the tourists that provide the drawback to Franklin Square: it's the pricing. From the mini golf to the carousel, an afternoon for a family at Franklin Square can be a pricey endeavor. When you add up the cost for a carousel ride, a round of putt putt, and a snack at the local vendor, it could easily cost $75 for a family of four. 

The real way to get your Franklin Square on is to come by on a nice afternoon and spread out a blanket in the park by the fountain. Find some shade if it gets too hot. If you're on a date or with a friend, a leisurely round of 18 holes might be in order. Otherwise, pick up a used book at the nearby Book Trader, grab a snack from Reading Terminal, and set up camp for a few hours.
We came here for the musical holiday light show and the free kid activities during the week of Thanksgiving.

It's a fairly nice sized park with a large playground which my nieces were enjoying before their parents treated them to the carousel! Yes a carousel! But of course you have to pay for it. It also has a restroom area.

Overall a nice park.
Franklin Square is a great little park to take the kids to. The mini golf is fun and the food stand is actually pretty good. The kids love the carousel. Nice place for a little family outing.
Came here after walking ~6 blocks from the Convention Center in 90F+ Summer Heat... was Underwhelmed.

The Carousel was fun, and we were only ones on it. But it's a long way to go. Also, the area is kinda dead with freeway on-ramps close by.

If you have kids, save time and money and go to PLEASE TOUCH.
Very nice park, renovated around 5 years ago. It was previously a playground for notorious activities. Run down, unattractive, and a shame to Philadelphia.

Now, you see schools taking their students here for field trips. People playing mini-golf, and parents bringing their kids here for the carousel. It's a nice place! The playground is well maintained, the fountain a sight for sore eyes, and it's always bustling with activity. Given that Franklin Square is located so close to Chinatown, this is a great place for a walk near sunset or after dinner. Their benches are aplenty. 

Definitely a gem of Philadelphia. Good job, gov't!
This is a nice, little park in the heart of Center City. I didn't try out the carousel or mini golf so I can't comment on that. I'm from NYC. This place isn't Philly's version of Coney Island. Nevertheless, if you have nothing to do before a Phillies game, stop by here. I only wish it wasn't so close to the entrance to the Ben Franklin Bridge. You have to be careful crossing the streets in this area.
I had a blast here when they did the Chinese Lantern Festival. The lights were stunning and there was a surprising amount of them. To end our trip here, we got a fortune cookie milkshake and fried Oreos from Square Burger. It was the perfect ending to a great evening. The area around Franklin Square is very entertaining. You have Old City and Chinatown at your disposal. Both are fun to walk through and explore.
What a great little oasis in the city! I know there are several but it was the first time taking my kids into the city and it was a perfect little stopping area. The park was great. The toddler area was perfect for my son. Not too crowded and just perfect for his size. The older kids area got a little scary when some local middle school/ high school kids started hanging out. Their horsing around made me a little nervous when my son ran over to that side but I was able to fish him back intact. 

There's a beautiful carousel outside the playground enclosure. They also offer mini golf and have Square Burger, although prices did seem a bit hefty for snacks and drinks.

When I'm back in the city with the kids, I'll definitely make a stop here to let the kids stretch out and get some excess energy out before returning to the 'burbs.
The city has done a nice job with Franklin Square park. It is a beautiful park in a really great location. There is a really charming carousel, miniature golf course, ice cream, and Square burger. There is even a little enclosed pavilion that can be rented out for weddings and parties etc. 

This review also takes into consideration the Dragon light festival.  The lights and displays were really beautiful but I think the $17 price tag was a little steep.  Maybe because it was towards the end of the festival or because it was a beautiful Saturday night but the  place was packed. Lines were long to use the bathroom (thank God didn't have to go) and for Square Burger, etc. 

I really enjoy Franklin Square, Park and it is a nice place to go on a weekend but the Dragon Lantern Festival was a little overpriced and overhyped in my opinion. 3.5 stars.
Cute park!

I went last night for the holiday festival (details: http://www.uwishunu.com/2014/11/the-newly-expanded-franklin-square-holiday-festival-kicks-off-its-season-thursday-november-13-with-a-huge-light-show-winter-beer-garden-fire-pits-live-music-holiday-shopping-and-more/) which is going on through December 31.  

The festival set some big expectations, advertising an "electrical spectacle", a holiday gift shop, food vendors, performers, and more.  They didn't all live up to expectation, but the light show was good, especially for a free attraction.  Bright, upbeat, and chock full of Ben Franklin goodness. The food (typical festival food, hotdogs and popcorn and such) and the gift shop were disappointing; however, they do have food trucks on Fridays and a holiday "market" on saturdays, which I bet are good.

Other fun that I sadly did not participate in included: mini golf, a carousel, and a train.  Definitely would be a fun event for kids!
A great place to bring the family.  Dinner and ice cream from Square Burger were delicious.  Enjoyed sitting by the fountain, had a ride on the carousel, and played a fun round of golf on their most excellent putt-putt course.  

Basically, this is a beautiful mini-theme-park in the middle of downtown Philadelphia.  What a jewel; huge props to the people who made it into what it is today.
A cute little park slightly off the tourist track in Philadelphia. The fountain was really nice and I think if my daughter had been a few years younger, we could have spent hours riding the carousel and playing miniature golf. It's just a small park but it did feel very far removed from the city even with cars going by at the edges.
Park in the heart of Center City. It's not too big and not too small either, it's just right. There's a fountain, playground, mini golf, carousel, gift shop, burger and milkshakes! What more can you ask for? My baby enjoyed this place as much as I did. Will surely visit this place again.
Franklin Square is a tough place to review because it all depends on how you look it and whether you want to close your eyes to several shortcomings.

I guess the whole vibe is supposed to be this Central Park-like type of oasis in the middle of the concrete urban jungle where you can hang out and/or bring the kids for some R & R.

As a nice small green space and park it serves it's purpose but that's the one major drawback to it, it's small. Unlike Central Park you are always reminded of where you are with the never ending honking of horns on Race St., the endless line of buses parked on 6th and everyone's favorite parking lot of 676 where if you are in juuuuuust the right place you maybe can hear someone drop the F-Bomb at another driver while everyone is cutting each other off doing 3 MPH.

With that said, something is better than nothing and if you can show up with your kids on a day when there's not 800 camp/group/bus kids running around then maybe you can enjoy yourself.

As for the mini-golf only in the bizzaro consumptionistic to the max culture of Philly Yelp could people be dropping five star review after five star review on this place and include the golf as part of their reasoning.

$9.00 per adult for golf?  And for a course that is beat the hell up?

I've paid $9 for a round of mini-golf before but it was some Myrtle Beach style course where you practically needed lessons from Hank Haney before playing a round. Not at a place where there a are a few small "historical buildings" on the course that are falling apart, greens that well are past their expiration date of usefulness, and a place where my family of four got eleven holes in one.

You would think that paying a premium to play would garner a course in decent shape but it clearly doesn't and maybe that's why the two times I've been there including this past Friday, nobody was there.

The prices at SquareBurger were surprisingly not outrageous but with that, the  800 camp/group/bus kids running around more than killed any thoughts of eating their offerings as we would probably still be waiting to eat two days later.

Franklin Square is a decent little oasis that is close to the historical area and while beautiful and clean it's features to me didn't exactly live up to the hype listed on the Historic Philly website. 

I'm sure at some point we'll be back for the playground.  But I need to remind myself to not read the reviews on Yelp for places like this literally because apparently I'm not in the tax bracket that most reviewers are in where I can drop $9 for a round of golf on a crap course and think that paper thin choppy greens and falling apart "historical buildings" equal cute and clean or have any value.
They have mini-golf and a carousel! Such a gem to have right in the middle of the city. A perfect place to take friends and family from out of town (followed by a trip to Franklin Fountain) or just take a little touristy day-trip yourself. Also, the carousel animals and the mini Philadelphia landmarks on the golf course make perfect backdrops for fresh new Facebook photos.
Lovely park!  It's well maintained and has lots to do for people of all ages.  There's the delicious and cheap Square Burger, Philadelphia-themed mini golf, a carousel, and a large and enclosed playground.  

There's also a small, enclosed room that you can rent for parties.  It would be so great for a kid's party since there is so much to do in the park and most of it is enclosed.  Even though the park is off several main roads/676, it would be very safe.
The carousel is a testament to simpler days. I even got on it, and found myself wishing I was lighter. Your hair blows back in a faint breeze, and you berate youself for having gotten on a horse that was white instead of black. Anyway, it is gorgeous. Three bucks a ride. Have to be 42". The little park has a modern edge with moms who are tired. Half of the park is for toddlers, and the other half is for bigger kids. There is mini-golf, the fountain, and a snack shack. The bathroom was semi-fear-inducing- terribly scented, and females have to stand on a metal panel that you are afraid that you will fall through while hitching up your jeans. Most employees are nice. One gal was so over checking seatbelts and pushing buttons at the carousel. I liked the fact that you are near Chinatown and a city's heart. Lovely memory.
William Penn set up Franklin Square and four others shortly after Philadelphia was founded.  It's located near Chinatown, due West of the Ben Franklin Bridge.

This park has a little something for everyone!  There's a playground, a miniature golf course, a carousel and (last but not least) a lovely fountain :-)

If you need a place to escape the hustle and bustle of the city just to charge your batteries, this is a great place to head for :-)
This park has definitely changed over the years. We came here to meet some friends. All of us had little kids and this place could not have been more perfect. We were the first ones there, so we went on the carousel. The ticket booth is not near the carousel itself, and they do offer bulk specials. This ticket booth is also where you would buy tickets for the mini golf. Both kids enjoyed the carousel ride.

From there, we hit the playground. It is a large one and in good shape. There are things for all ages and two distinct sections. The kids spent a few hours here without being bored. We then moved to the many picnic tables and benches they have for some food. Some people brought theirs, while others bought from the small concession they had. There was real food as well and it was fairly priced. Everyone had a great time and I highly recommend this park!
A beautiful park by day with a carousal, playground, a SquareBurger food truck, and a miniature golf course. 

A rat-infested park by night. Eek!

One humid, summer evening, my BF & I decided to play some mini golf after dinner. Not only did we come across multiple people playing Pokemon Go, we also came across rats running across the park and into the bushes. We saw at least 10 during the one hour we spent at the park. It's sad to see such a beautiful park to be infested with rodents. I hope the city takes care of this soon.
Most of my favorite 2020 summer and fall memories have been at this park! 

Since I wanted a place to spend time with friends outdoors due to covid and many of my friends live in Chinatown area, it became the perfect spot for countless picnics and long sunny hangouts. I love that the fountain offers a water show with music every half hour - often enough that it's fun to watch and listen but not so often that you can't hold conversations in between. The bnches and chairs are nicely social distanced. It was a bit of a bummer when one food truck came and fenced off a bunch of the picnic tables, and how it wasn't even open most of the time. But there were still usually plenty of seating options available, even during the more busy times. Chinatown is conveniently close enough so we could pick up bubble tea or food anytime too. 

I love that there's a really cute Philly themed mini-golf there too and the carousel feels so romantic. Just very thankful for this happy space!
We came here for the Trick or Treat trail yesterday. It was nice for kids, not a lot of people. We watched the music fountain show which was beautiful. I really wish they had shows all day. After 2 pm, the next one is not until 6pm, which is a huge window.
This is a nice park, especially for little kids. The bathrooms are clean compared to other park bathrooms I have been to and even having a family bathroom. There is a nice fountain, picnic benches, carousel ride and play area for kids. They also sell food and drinks at a counter and the prices aren't too bad. I was here yesterday afternoon (Sunday) and the park was clean. There were families but it wasn't overly crowded.
