Is it small? Yes. It is usually full of little kids? Yes. Is the selection a bit touch and go? Yes. Are the hours occasionally inconvenient? Yes.

That said, the Walnut St. West branch of the Free Library serves its role well. Even if the selection is limited, I can always find a book I've been meaning to read or a DVD that I've wanted to watch.

With annual scares over whether there will be a budget for the library system, there's really more to love about Walnut St. West than not. Serving a community that includes everything from young punks to recent immigrants, the library crams a lot of services and functions into one building. It might not be the most extensive and it might get a little overrun with kids, but it's certainly better than no library at all.
Very convenient location (at least for those of us in University City), but not necessarily the most useful. The hours are relatively restrictive, so I suppose that's why they change up the hours every other day. This definitely gets confusing, but at least you should be able to stop by either before or after work some day of the week. 

I wouldn't recommend visiting with the intent to find a specific book, especially for adult ones -- you're much better off reserving it on the Free Library website and picking it up right at the front desk a week or so later. (They could definitely be more efficient with the transit, but at least the selection is good.) Upon my first visit I found a few classics I'd read, but even the on-site DVD section wasn't that interesting to me. At least the Free Library system is very generous with your limits -- 40 books at 10 renewals each and 10 DVDs!

Although this library isn't the quietest, the interior is pretty nice and I love the window that faces Walnut! I really wish more college students utilized this nearby Free Library for leisurely reading, though it just looks like an easily missed, whitewashed building coming from the Penn campus.
Incredible that more people don't talk about this place, and more incredible that it took me three and a half years (that's like 40 trips to the grocery store, hundreds of more trips to the high rises and to Saxby's) to walk in for the first time.

Selection was better than I expected from such a small library, and the state of the building was better than similar, small-sized public libraries in New York City, which tend to have a musty smell. 

The librarians both at the front desks and at the help desk were patient and kind and very helpful. With Frogro cashier memories just across the road, I wasn't expecting this kind of genuine interaction at all. I really love the librarians here, and I think they're great people for this community institution. 

It's almost cheesy, but I saw volunteer teens reading to little kids when I went upstairs. It's such an idyllic place! 

tldr this place is rather humble in size, but with lots of selection on the shelves and reservable through the catalog, and lots of kids playing games and reading after school.

Getting a library card is not so bad, as long as you have something with your address and your name on it that proves that you live in Philadelphia. I was able to show them an online receipt of my lease instead of paper mail. Just a heads up for anyone thinking about getting a library card!
I want to love this branch of the library. I really do. It's a 10 minute walk from home, it was recently renovated, and the inside of the building is gorgeous, with soaring barn ceilings and shiny, bright skylights.

Unfortunately, like every other branch library, it's either full of (at any given time) high schoolers or homeless men, and it's very, very noisy. Also, because it's so small, the selection is small, so it's not even really worth browsing.

Although I would love to be able to come in, sit down, and read in quiet like a library in an ideal world would allow you to, mostly I just request books from branches that are too far away to reach, and pick them up and leave. To be fair the staff are very good sports about my revolving book habit, so there's that, at least.
I have one direct experience with this library and one indirect experience.  

My direct experience involved returning books that my wife had taken out, and based on that experience, I would award the library zero stars, if I could.  I say that because the front desk staff were unwelcoming, unfriendly, incompetent, and unprofessional.  Which, considering I was just returning some books, is almost impressive.  There are plenty of jobs that don't require even a basic performance of customer service, but the front desk of a public library is not one of those jobs.  I'm a reader, a fan of public libraries, a Penn administrator, and a resident of West Philly (in fact, I pass the library each morning on my walk to and from work), but based on my interaction with the front desk staff, I will never be patronizing this library again.  The library needs to seriously reconsider who it hires, and how it trains those it hires.  

I'm giving the library two stars, however, because my wife, having made it past the orks at the front desk, was very impressed with the librarian with whom she spoke.  It's a shame that an unprofessional front desk staff are canceling out the excellent work of the librarians themselves.
It's a really small branch, but it has an enormous children's section. All the librarians are super helpful. Great place to bring kids, and has a decent number of computers if you're in need.
This is a small branch of the Philadelphia Public Library, and it's very convenient for those of us who live or work in University City. There is a decent collection of reference books, 10-12 computers that are available for use, a printing station, and plenty of chairs and tables. Of course, there are books of all sorts also. DVDs and CDs are also available to borrow. The downstairs portion of the library has a pickup section for books that patrons have put on hold. 

Also, a small room has free weekly ESL classes courtesy of Penn. On Thursdays in spring and Fridays in the summer, there is a weekly outdoor book sale (weather-permitting). There are many children's activities, such as story time, chess instruction, and role play clubs that occur here. 

Though it is small and its hours are somewhat restricted, the staff is pleasant and helpful, and there's free wifi. An outdoor Dropbox for books is located on 40th Street.
Brand new, beautiful facility at the edge of Penn's campus on the ever bustling 40th and Walnut intersection.  Unlike the central branch, as endearing as its dankness may be, this building suffers no shortage of natural light.  The space open to the public is the entire second floor, which is basically one large room sectioned off by shelving and spotted with tables.  As bright, colorful, and kid-friendly as this branch is, I can only give it 3 stars b/c there's no quiet area.  If the whole thing is one kid-friendly room, where can I go to buckle down when it's time to study or write?  Nowhere, apparently.  Uncool, library.  I know you're trying to keep up with the times, but you can't be All fun & games.

Other fun tidbits:  you can check out books yourself if you don't have a nasty fine on your account.  The east outer wall is a giant white screen for film projection when Penn or whoever feels like showing a film outside on the green.
Walnut Street West is a compact, kid-friendly library with a lot to offer. The building itself is bright and airy, with cheerful walls and photos of the building's renovation. There are meeting/event rooms downstairs and the collection is upstairs. Lots of seating and computers make it a great place to go to get work done, or just to do some quiet reading.
The summer reading programs for children, teens and adults are great ways to involve the whole family in boosting their amount of reading. With incentives like raffles and weekly prizes for kids, the library seeks to truly engage readers of every stripe.
This library gears their services and collection to a population that is primarily families and children, so expect a great selection for kids and teens and a smaller selection of items for adults. Inter-library loan is available, and that means you get to order books in from any library in the system without having to go there. If what you're looking for isn't at Walnut West, chances are they can get it in for you ASAP.
A beautiful library with great librarians and a decent collection. What more could you ask for?
