Our tour guide Rich (look for the guy in orange shirt)was extremely knowledgeable as he took us around & pointed out murals, historic houses, areas & places.

The Independence hall tour that Free Tours by Foot does not include a tour of the inside of the famous Independence hall. 

You will have to go to the Independence hall visitor center in the morning to request the Free timed tickets in order to visit the Independence Hall. 

Or you can go online to request tickets but there's a processing fee.

This 2.5 hour long tour was very informative & gave us a nice overview of the historical points of this area. 

If you had any extra questions of places to visit, the tour guide would be happy to help you out.

I will definitely try out the other tours which Free tours by Foot offers in other cities. 

TIp: You can book their tours online on their website / thru the yelp app. 

Pro tip: bring: comfy walking shoes, water, hat, sunscreen & a good attitude.
Jennifer was amazing! She was friendly, funny, and very passionate about her work as she is a native Philly resident. 

The tour will start promptly at the designated time so shoot her a notice if you're running late bc you're apparently put on a blacklist where you cannot participate in other Free Tours By Foot events.

The tour the significant other and I participated in lasted closer to the 3 hr mark -- where it's usually 2 1/2 hrs long. It was well worth it bc you get this rich history and background info without having to read a plague or go dig on the Internet. 

There were many stops. It was around a dozen spots where Jennifer will tell you the history and significance of the landmark (and all by memory too). Her enthusiasm is what made the tour special.  

The price is whatever you're willing to pay; no set price. There will be two or so bathroom breaks so don't fret about that.
I had booked a tour with Kieran of history Philly for myself and my husband. Communication prior to the tour was great. Kieran sent us an email with all the information we needed to find him and where to arrive. The tour was excellently planned with lots of landmarks that we covered. I had considered many other tours but Free Tours By Foot had the best reviews and was the most well-constructed in my opinion. Kieran also did an excellent job of explaining everything, being very personable, and knowledgeable. 10/10 would recommend again.
So me and Eric were heading to Philly for the weekend and needed to do it on the cheap. I looked up this tour on line and we had Rich as our tour guide. What a great guy!!!! We were running a bit late and i was anxious i'd miss the start but we found him right away and were on our way. Very informative tour. He explained everything in great detail. It was roughly 2.5 hours long and we walked around alot of cobblestone streets and such. We had tickets to Indepndence Hall at 2pm so it ended right on time. One of the coolest things he did was he gave everyone in our group a penny when we got to Ben Franklins grave site so we could toss a penny on it for good luck. So thoughtful and nice. We had a great time. I gave him 20$ for the both of us as a tip and hope that was ok. Would def have liked to take a foodie one as well but didn't have enough time. So much fun and highly recommended.
Here are the main things I learned while on my tour. 
1. My dad was wrong about nothing being free in life. This tour is just that. 
2. My dad was wrong again, in saying If it sounds too good to be true, its not. 
3. My American history knowledge is pitiful. 
 
The tour ran smoothly, from meeting up at the corner to our farewells. Chris, our tour guide was a history buff who could ramble off a Cliff notes version of how our country became a nation while tying it into the sites around Independence Hall. While he spoke as fast as an auctioneer, I had no trouble understanding him. He had a lot to say in a mere 2 hours.  
 
I highly recommend a FTBF for anyone looking for a quick, informative adventure that highlights sites a tourist and local could easily pass by. 
 
I will leave you with an infamous saying from THE man himself, Ben Franklin. 
"Being ignorant is not so much a shame as being unwilling to learn." I am turning on the History Channel as I type....
Jenn, our tour guide was fantastic. One of the best tours I have been on. The 2 hours flew by. Jenn knew more about the founding of this country than any textbook ever covered. Good to know that Free Tours by Foot is available in other cities as well.
I decided on the Real Philly tour which is about 4.5 hours. Our guide was knowledgeable and fun! Our group hit things off right away during the check-in process and I made some friends before we even got started. That's why I love these types of tours. It's a great way to meet people and get your footing in a city when solo. 

We covered many areas of the city including landmarks, parks, and lunch at the Italian market. Our guide highlighted several murals, so you're inf or a treat if you like street art. We ended up in the city center which is where I was staying. I could not have planned it better. I enjoyed all the art the city has to offer and learned some interesting tidbits. Philly is a great city and I highly recommend this tour if you have the time.
We did the 2.5 hour tour that started at Betsy Ross's house and zig and zag thru the highlights of the independence war historical sites.  Our guide was Toni, and we were a big group, 35, on a hot Saturday in July.  Toni did a great job with the size of the group and keeping us entertain and informed.  She was a real pro.

This is the 3rd city we have done these tours and we haven;t been disappointed, we will be back.
This tour was outstanding. Our host Emailed us all exactly what she looked like and the specific meeting space the night before.  Christine was amazing! And my little sister recognized her from the Philadelphia Renaissance Faire where she does a fire breathing show! Though you can tell her true passion is Philadelphia and History! We learned so much about William Penn and the significance of the Liberty Bell as a symbol. And it's a free walking tour! You tip what you can at the end. Highly educational and informative! Must do! For residents and visitors alike.
Free Tours will certainly be my new go-to website for finding sight-seeing trips in major cities.  After having a fantastic time on our ghost tour of NYC, we had signed up for a walking tour of the independence hall area, including the liberty bell, Ben Franklin's grave, Betsy Ross' house, and a couple of gorgeous parks.  Our guide was awesome, informative, funny, although a tad bit tardy.  He made up for it with giving us a well performed, thorough and entertaining hour and ahd a half.  I am super thankful to have found FTBF, and super appreciate the concept.  You pay AFTER the tour and you pay what you think it is worth.  So in my mind, it feels like the guides really give it their all to make sure you enjoy yourself.  I was generous because I thought our tour was awesome, but it's good to know if you do have a poor time, that you don't end up paying more than it's worth.  I highly recomend that you check the company out for walking tours of interest to you and your family.
This was our second time using Free Tours By Foot for a great, informational walking tour. The first time was a Garden District tour of New Orleans, which was really freaking cool! This time, we decided to take the "Freedom Rings" tour in our own home of Philadelphia. Yes, we have lived here forever, and yes, we know plenty of our history, but you would be surprised how much we still have to learn about our great city. 

Our guide Bevan, was very friendly, sweet, and had tons of great stories about our Founding Fathers and some of Philadelphia's most interesting historical characters. He had a way of weaving the past with the present that made everything easy to understand and relate to. We stopped at places that I had been to hundreds of times, yet he somehow was able to make them interesting and full of surprises for us. I was very happy with this tour and have already recommended it to others.

Can't wait to use Free Tours By Foot all over the country.
We were only in Philly for a couple of hours and really wanted to see some sites. Our tour guide was Glenn and he was fantastic! He was on time, funny, appropriate, and made the history come to life. He also recommended places to eat, see, and places to avoid. Great tour!
We went on the Freedom Rings tour while we were in Philadelphia.  It was a 2 hour walking tour around Olde City and hit a lot of historical points in the area. Chris our tour guide was very knowledgeable. I hate history but he actually made me excited about learning the history of the area.  This guy knows his stuff (ie did you know back in the day they would sell George Washington statues as souvenirs except it was Washington's name and Ben Franklin's face since people didn't really know what George Washington looked like).

Points of interest:
- Independence hall
- Liberty Bell
- Washington Square
- 2nd National Bank
- Elfreths Alley
- Betsy Ross house
- etc

Each place he gave us a little known tidbit about that place. We learned a ton!  And got a great suggestion for Philly cheesesteaks. 

And hey, the tour is free, so what do you have to lose. If you don't like it, don't pay!  If you like if, throw your guide a tip (website said they average around $10 a person which is still wait cheaper than any other tour). 

They have other longer tours and will do special tours also I believe.
I gotta thank this company for giving me some great exercise while in Philly a couple weekends ago because I went on their "Real Philly" walking tour - a 4-hour tour that covers a lot of territory.

Our guide, Mike, was a lot of fun and paced everything very well.  In this tour, you get some history, but at the heart of it, it's the hidden city gems you'll see.

This company does have a registration process and it's good to do it 24 hours in advance since the guides get rosters to try to account for who's coming.  Their website is really easy to use to sign up for tours.

The only thing I wished had happened was to enjoy Reading Terminal Market more.  We had a food break at the Italian Market and that was cool, but no break was given to visit Reading Terminal Market.  Otherwise, the tour was fantastic.

So, definitely take advantage of the Real Philly tour.  I learned a lot - just remember to wear comfy shoes.
We took the Real Philly tour and the Freedom Rings tour. The Real Philly tour is a whopping four hour excursion off the beaten track. I work out seven days a week and routinely run half marathons and this tour left me completely exhausted. Of course, I took it as soon as I came off a redeye flight from the west coast, and as I was breaking in new shoes, but be forewarned that this tour is not for the unfit. Especially if it is hot out. I still thought it was a good experience and that it gave us a nice perspective of the less touristy sights. 

The second tour, Freedom Rings, with Bevan, was stellar. It was scheduled for two hours and ran slightly over, but none of us minded at all. This tour takes you through more of the historical sights in Philly. Bevan is a fount of knowledge and really pleasant to banter with.

Here's the kicker: both tours were FREE, and the guides work for tips only. Some people didn't seem to be tipping at all, or to be scrimping on the tips - please don't be those people! The quality of these tours far outshone that of many of the paid tours I've done while traveling. They should be rewarded for this - or at least comparably compensated!
I've been doing a lot of free tours lately and always with the Free Tours by Foot. DC, NY and now Philadelphia! And, I'm sure, more to come.
I met the free walking tour when I was in Spain and they gave me a great impression. 
Free Tours by Foot has been a great companion in this trip!
Great tour guides, really nice tips of places or what to do. 
I really recommend them!
High quality tour that I would highly recommend when visiting Philadelphia. To be honest, there was a "paid" tour I was planning to sign up for but since it was 100% booked I defaulted to this one. I'm glad I did. Not too long and not too short. Good way to start a trip in Philadelphia to get an idea where everything is at. Thank you again!
Highly, highly, highly recommend. This past weekend, we enjoyed a 3 hour visit to Chinatown with the highly competent Kim as our guide.

The only negative was that we were emailed instructions to look for someone in an orange shirt and a sign, and Kim had neither, so we were a little confused at the meeting place. But it all worked out well and she was terrific. She worked for THOMAS KELLER OMG OMG OMG and there is nothing better than spending a few hours yakking with fellow foodies. 

We stopped at quite a few various spots in Chinatown. We gave her carte blanche to order just about anything on the menu at different places. What a treat! We were able to try all sorts of different foods and spent anywhere from $1 to $8 splitting plates among the four of us plus Kim at each place we stopped at.

Bring great walking shoes and at least $20 in small bills to make going Dutch easier. A lot of places don't take cards.  We tipped Kim $20 each because she was so friendly, intelligent and really helpful in sharing her knowledge. 

The Italian Market tour is next on our list!
Marianne was WONDERFUL! She was so kind, funny, and informative! I really loved all of her stories and anecdotes about the city and history of Philadelphia. I didn't expect to learn so much on this tour, but it truly made my trip to Philly so so much better. I would highly recommend this to anyone!
I hate to rain on the FTBF love, but the "Ghosts of Philly" tour was the worst walking tour I've ever taken, anywhere. The guide was overly pedantic (looooved to hear himself talk) and more than a little bit sexist. He didn't give us a good sense of when to cross streets, or how long we'd be walking before the next stop, or even where we were--it was a completely ungrounded tour, which made no sense. He certainly knew a lot of Philadelphia history, but didn't tailor his knowledge to his audience. He was off-putting. 

In the end, it wasn't creepy in a cool ghostly way--it was just creepy weird. I tried to give the guy a decent tip because it was a warm summer evening and he had to have been sweating in that ridiculous cape he'd put on over his polo shirt and sneakers, but I wouldn't recommend this tour to anyone. Save your money.
Fantastic! Highly recommended!!

I went to visit my friend in Philly and she signed us up for Free Tours By Foot. At first I was skeptical because often times "free" does not equate to "good quality". However, our tour guide, Jenn, was awesome beyond belief. She took us by local joints as well as touristy areas. She was very friendly, HUGE history buff, considerate of our group's slow walking speed.

I learned so much about Philly. Why there are stars on the building, what are those weird things next to the stairs and why there are so many murals on the walls. (Got your curiosity up? Go on the tour and find out! :p)

Just note, I've been living in New York for quite some time, so I was able to keep up with her tour, which lasted about 5 hours (doesn't feel that way). So, if you are going to go on this tour, wear comfortable shoes, bring water to keep yourself hydrated and camera for fantastic photo ops. 

If you are going to Philly and don't know anything about the city or where to eat, go on Free Tours By Foot. You'll learn and appreciate the city more.  On side note- be considerate and bring cash for tip at the end of the tour because you would definitely want to thank your tour guide (especially if your tour guide is Jenn).
ALL RIGHT! I'm the first one to review FTBF-Philly on Yelp! This is truly an honor. I am so glad to have stumbled upon Free Tours by Foot during my Internet searches for things to do in Philly. My boyfriend and I took a weekend trip from NY to Philly, and let me just say, I am a bargain hunter. We were going to Philly because I had purchased a Living Social deal for two nights at the Penn's View Hotel, but since we only had one full day in the city, I wanted a nice, concise tour to introduce us to the city as it would be our first time in Philly. So when I saw FREE and tour, I said, bingo, I've hit the jackpot.

So yes, as its namesake states, their tours are absolutely FREE. However, they do ask that you tip the tour guides, but only if you enjoyed the tour and as much as you think is appropriate (for the 2-hour tour, the site says the average tip is $10/person). It's easy to make a FREE reservation via their website--no tricks, no service charges. I signed up for the 2-hour Freedom Rings in Philly tour, though they also offer a more comprehensive 4-hour tour. Tours start at the Independence Visitor Center (at Market St. & 6th St.), and we were maybe a couple minutes late. We had to run after the group as they crossed the street. Now you know that the tours are very much on schedule, so don't be late! If you miss it, well, at least you know you didn't lose any money.

Jen was our tour guide and wore a bright orange shirt that read Free Tours by Foot. She was, in a word, awesome---super knowledgeable of the different historic sites, re-accounting anecdotes/common rumors from American history the entire way, and humorous. Some of the historic sites we saw were the President's House site, Graff House, Signers' Walk, Washington Square, Independence Hall, the Liberty Bell, Ben Franklin's home and the first post office in the U.S., Elfreth's Alley, Betsy Ross' house, the Quaker Meeting House, and Ben Franklin's grave. Keep in mind this is a walking tour, and we only saw these sites from the outside. If you want to see the Liberty Bell up close, you'll need to line up outside of the exhibition building. Independence Hall requires that you have tickets (you can get them for free at the Visitor Center or book them ahead of time online for a nominal booking fee).

It was a hot, sunny day when we took our tour, but Jen was mindful of the weather and made sure we were in the shade as much as possible. Be sure you wear walking shoes and bring your camera!
I did 2 FTBF while in Philadelphia for the week. Both were very good and I gladly tipped the guides at the end. The first tour was Independence Hall area with Marianne. The second tour was with Jenn  and it concentrated on the 9th St Italian Market. This tour included stops in apprx 6 businesses where Jenn would make suggestions on what foods to sample (purchase). Some examples were Tomato Pie, Cannoli, Pitzelle, Meatballs at Villa Di Roma and DiBruno's Cheese. An owner of the Villa Di Roma allowed us in the prep kitchen where he and his daughter were hand rolling the meatballs. Bring apprx $15 for all of the samples and come on an empty stomach. I was fortunate that both tours had only a few other participants or it can be a bit unwieldy to walk around especially in the narrow sidewalks and small stores in the Italian Market. Jenn explained the development of the market and its changes through the years. Jenn asks at the beginning of the tour if anybody has food allergies and presumably would amend the tour if necessary.
I had the best time in Philly during Memorial Day weekend, and a big credit for that goes to our FTBF guide Maria. She gave us a lot of info regarding the places we've visited, spend i believe about 2.5 hours with us. Answered ALL the questions, was very detailed. She was super fun, very friendly. Thank you Maria and FTBF for an amazing tour and time!
Our guide was Christine and she was wonderful! She knew so much about the history of Philly. Christine was friendly and engaging. She gave us several water/bathroom breaks, which was needed as it was hot outside! It was amazing to actually be walking the streets where Ben Franklin and Betsy Ross walked. I highly recommend this tour!
Great tour. I went on the tour that covered Philly for 4.5 hours. Well informed guide... it met my expectation. Only issue is that it went over time due to a lunch break. My advice keep it under 4 hrs... inform the tourist they should bring snacks and water.

It limits the chances you will have tourist "dip out" on the tour and it operates efficiently.
We found "Free Tours by Foot" through Yelp. Actually, we were going to book with another tour group, and the reviews weren't very good. So after clicking around Yelp, we found this little gem of a company.  We booked the "Freedom Rings" tour and Bevan started out as our tour guide. He is great. Great personality and sense of humor, a lot of knowledge, and we really liked him. He was feeling a little under the weather, and he had Mike step in for him.  The transition went very smoothly; we didn't have to wait forever for Mike to show up, and we were back on our way. Mike knew a lot about the history of the town, and even showed us great places to eat after our tour finished. We visited most of the local landmarks, and had a great time exploring.
Only one thing bothered me on this tour. We had people step in halfway through, and people who also stepped out early (there was a lot of walking). I understand that this is "Free Tours by Foot", but we got so much knowledge and could have paid over $20 each for a tour of this quality.  I don't know if these people ended up tipping Mike, but at the end of the day I only saw a few people approach him.  I imagine this happens often, but it made me a little sad that Mike had the same about of energy whether there were 25 people or 8 people in the group.
If you want a fun tour of Philadelphia, I recommend taking a Free Tour By Foot. You will not be disappointed, and you will see a lot more than you would see on your own.
Bevan did an absolutely amazing job on the independence mall tour. He knew so much history and made it really interesting to listen to. If school had been like that I probably wouldn't have had my cousin do my homework!

It was a long tour (2 hours) but wasn't overwhelming or long winded. We learned so much and really enjoyed our time in Philly.
I can't say enough good things about our tour. This was my first time using Free Tours by Foot and we were very pleased. 

We did the Chinatown food tour with Jen as our tour guide. Jen was very friendly and knowledgable. I was expecting us to just go from place to place eating but Jen showed us murals and talked about the history of Chinatown extensively. 

As for the food, we didn't try anything too exotic so don't worry. Btw, Jen said she could accommodate a bunch of food issues-vegetarian, gluten-free, so don't let this stop you from taking the tour.

I will definitely be taking more tours with Free Tours by Foot.
Philadelphia tour with Bevan was amazing! He was very accommodating to the entire group even if it was rainy the entire day. We had our dog with us and he made sure she was doing well just like the rest of us. At the tour of the church he even asked to allow the dog in so we weren't left outside in the rain. (Our pup sat in her first pew). Amazing time with this tour guide. Note: This tour happened a year ago (2015) I had just forgotten to write a review until going through past emails.
I think I took all of the Philly tours this weekend, which made it an action packed weekend! 

Friday:

Italian Market Tour - Toni - decent tour, some history and she was very sweet - showed us some great spots in the area and very personable. I loved the story behind the area of where the Rite Aid now is. 

The Good, The Bad, The Philly - Joseph - it was extremely rainy, the Made in America concert was covering up a couple of the spots and the tour probably did not go as desired. The story of the bone wars and the history behind the area with a brothel/ alms house, etc. were very interesting

Ghost Tour - Joseph - interesting stories by the church and in the park which served as mass grave site 

Saturday:

The Real Philly Tour - Jenn - OMG can I take every tour with Jenn?!?! This is one of the best tours I've ever taken. Jenn was knowledgeable, funny, engaging, had a great pace and just overall fantastic tour guide. I learned so much history and got a great overview of Philly - she didn't rush us at all, in fact she went way over on time. This is a tour not to be missed! 

Sunday:

Independence Mall Tour - Rich - good tour and pace. Had a nice overview of the independence mall area and seems to really enjoy doing tours 

Chinatown Food Tour - Jenn - I already said I love her but this tour was above and beyond because the history was peppered in between and through the food stops. She suggested so many places to go and eat. At two of the places we sat and ate as a group - Jenn ordered multiple dishes and everyone took pieces and split the price of the food - everything was extremely reasonable. 

I love free tours by foot! The tours are great and I look for them wherever I travel!
I have been a huge fan of Free Tours by Foot - we found you in DC and then again in New Orleans, Boston, and New York - 5 stars!  BUT in Philly I was so disappointed . We took the Independence Hall tour with Tiffany - she was sweet and very nice but not a tour guide.  She was so interested in the late comers she was on her phone trying to give them directions,  we walked for blocks with no narrative of where we were going or what what we were passing - it was awkward.  There was probably 12-15 of us one group left within the first 15 minutes, we left after 45 min.  I felt like it was a complete waste of time.  

I apologize but we even signed up for another tour but cancelled because we didn't want to be disappointed.  I will try you again in another city.
I just returned from two back-to-back walking tours with Free Tours by Foot. The first tour was "Freedom Rings" and it was a 2 hour tour led by Rebecca. She was an awesome guide! She gave plenty of anecdotes, background, and even had photo props for visual aids! This tour gave an excellent background of the historical sites and important people of Philadelphia. I learned a lot on this tour, and Rebecca's humor made it quite enjoyable.
The second tour I went on started immediately after the first one ended. It was a four hour tour called "Real Philly" with Mike as our guide. Mike was equally as knowledgeable as Rebecca and his tour was excellent.  The two tours didn't overlap at all in what they covered, so it's definitely worth it to do both. The Real Philly tour covers a lot more ground (it's also twice as long) and Mike took us to the Italian Market for a snack break. 
Both guides were cognizant of the needs of the participants. They waited for people to take photos, they were careful in helping our group cross traffic, and they engaged in small talk with the group when walking to the next point of interest. In all, I'm thoroughly impressed with the tours. Oh, and to top it all off, the tours are free! So all the money you pay is a tip to the guide. What a deal!
I was really impressed with how tightly organized they are. The night before the tour our guide, Maria, sent an email with both her mobile and her photo, making it a super easy to find her.

Maria has an ebullient, infectious personality, and she really livened the tour up with her humor and fun. She was open to questions and was great at pointing out things of interest, including murals and fun places to eat. 

We did the tour with our twelve and ten year-old children, and our twelve year-old got a kick out of Maria's "locals-only" info, like the curse of Billy Penn. 

I would absolutely recommend this tour, especially if helmed by Maria.
Great tour, very informative and good pace. We even had enough time to grab a phili-cheesesteak from Geno's during our mini break in the Italian district. We loved seeing all the sights and hearing about the history from our live tour guide, Michael. It's great since we pay the guide a tip based upon We would definitely recommend to visitors and we are excited to try the other tours in their other cities.
I had Joe for "The Good, The Bad" tour and Jenn for the "Independence Mall" Tour as well as the "Real Philly" Tour. 

Joe was a great tour guide. He was the first intro I had into the city and gave a great overview on the history, mainly focusing on sights around Logan Square. He was informative and hilarious and also accommodated for us, making sure we weren't covered in rain since it was raining our tour day. 

Jenn has to receive extra points. She toured myself and around 20 other people for over 5 hours. We walked for miles and she was so knowledgable and enthusiastic about Philly. She also engaged with the group a lot which kept the tour very intriguing. On the Independence Mall Tour she continued to show her great tour guide skills as she delved into the history of Philly. 

I would have loved to do more tours from Philly by Foot by simply didn't have the time. I highly recommend doing these tours, and any more available if you're looking to do something in Philly!!
Joseph was such an amazing tour guide! He provided a fascinating view of Philly history and you could tell how enthusiastic he is about sharing his knowledge and interesting (and hilarious!) tidbits. Recommend 100%!
Real Philly Tour with guide Joseph was great! Joseph's obvious love of history and Philadelphia came shining through.  Highly recommend!
On 7/28, I did the Ghost of Philly Tour. Can honestly say it was one of the best haunted tours I've taken. Our guide Jen made the tour fascinating and fun! I've taken many ghost or haunted tours in my travels and this one will now be added to the top recommendation I give!
My tour guide Bevan was great. Highly recommend doing this over pricey tours.
Tour was in the rain but we prevailed. Our tour guide was ok. Wish it would of geared alittle towards the 3 kids we were with.
My brother and his girlfriend were in town visiting, and I decided to sign up up for a walking tour around Old City. Turned out that on this particular day we were the only group who had signed up. Toni was a very excellent, knowledgeable, and fun tour guide who made the whole experience very unique and personable. I really think this is the perfect thing to do when family/friends are visiting for a weekend or if you just want to learn a little more about the city you walk around in everyday.
Loved it.  Our group had a good vibe and Maryanne was incredible.  Neil, the Christ Church host, will be unforgettable.  Highlight of my philly visit.
I've had good and bad experiences with free walking tours and this one was pretty solid. Attended the "The Good, The Bad, The Philly - Logan Circle 2:30pm" tour. 

It wasn't super long (an hour and a half?) but I appreciated that the guide seemed genuinely interested in history/learning more about what he was talking about and giving a unique flavor to the tour. The museum story was really cool and interesting!
We did the Chinatown Food tour. I would recommend it to anyone who is excited to learn about the Asian-American culture that is hidden in plain sight. It is a nice introduction to the foods and markets in the area. 

Things I liked: 
I enjoyed the focus on art, murals and hidden gems in Chinatown. I've been to Philadelphia and the Chinatown area of Philly at least two dozen times, but I found out new things about the area.  I've never known about the "China Wedge" or the meaning behind some of the town's murals. I also wasn't aware of how the Chinese-Americans were marginalized by the city and sometimes their neighborhoods were pushed back in the name of progress. 

The tour guide had backpacked and traveled through Asia extensively and knew many customs that are polite in Chinese and other Asian cultures. She wanted to make sure that each of us were respectful of cultural values in the areas we were visiting. Being able to know what was expected of us as visitors was helpful. 

There was a lot of historical and geographic information that I found impressive. I also liked that you pay what you feel is appropriate. I would recommend at LEAST $10 per hour and then also $$$ for the food that the tour guide purchases for you. (You aren't forced to eat anything and you can opt out of it.) The foods were very good. I liked the variety. If you like sweets, savory or more exotic flavors, you'll be happy. You have autonomy to purchase whatever you would like from the bubble tea place, the bakery and the tour guide was very careful to avoid peoples' food allergies or taboos. We had a few vegetarians and gluten free folks and everyone was able to partake in something. 

Things I would like to see improved: 
Our tour went for way longer than expected by over an hour. This is fine for folks who are on a vacation, but I had to leave a little bit earlier than we ended. Our tour guide was very accommodating. Other folks left before the tour ended, as well. We had a group of 10 and there was way more than 2.5 hours worth of stops. Our tour guide was extremely enthusiastic and knowledgeable. I think that we should have went to Choo Choos instead of some of the other stops.
I liked the Italian Market food tour so much I went on it a second time two years later to show my mom the Italian Market (and I live in Philly, about ten minutes away). Foot tours are always a great way to get to know a city, whether you're a tourist or a native, and a food tour just might introduce you to new, great places to eat and some history along with it. Jen was a great tour guide, and these tours are highly recommended.
This was the worst tour I've ever been on in my entire life. Our guide was extremely knowledgeable, but lacked the ability to execute stories the entire night. This is a huge problem because it makes the entire experience a drag and feels unprofessional. 

Not to mention, we were expecting a ghost tour and most of the experience had nothing to do with ghosts, haunts, or anything the least bit paranormal. Trying to help you, do not waste your time.
Overall I enjoyed the tour that I had (The Good, The Bad, The Philly Tour), however there were a few things that kept it from getting a higher score for me. There were way too many political comments made on the tour. Some honestly did make me uncomfortable to where I did think about just leaving. The guide was a nice enough guy, and knew his history, but a number of comments were personal views and should have been left out. The tour was short and I did find that something was missing.

Still worth doing, I just thought it would have been better.
This was an amazing tour.  My girlfriend and I are definitely bargain hunters and are constantly looking for great deals that also entertain my 13 year old son.  All three of us have been to Philadelphia before, viewing some of the same sites, however, our FTBF tour guide, Rebecca, was a wealth of knowledge, giving us information we had previously not known.

We took the 2 hour Freedom Rings tour.  We met Rebecca with her FTBF t-shirt and sign at the South entrance to the Independence Visitor Center at the Northeast corner of Market Street and 6th Street.  We arrived 15 minutes early and had plenty of time to look through the visitor center store before the rest of the tour group arrived.

As I said, Rebecca guided us to sites we had seen before but provided information we hadn't previously heard and dispelled some myths we had thought true.  She was informative and very personable.  

Though completely free, a tip is recommended for your tour guide ONLY if you enjoy your tour ($10/per person is the average). 

The web site (www.freetoursbyfoot.com) is user friendly and making a reservation was easy to do.

We did the 2PM tour.  If you want to visit the insides of some of the sites after the 2 hour tour, I'd recommend the 10AM tour.  

We enjoyed our experience with Free Tours By Foot and highly recommend it to everyone, even if you've been to Philadelphia before.
Having just a few hours in Philly - literally - I wanted to get the most out of my visit in one of America's most historic city.  I found this on the web and signed right up for it only after hesitating when I saw that there was no fees for the tour.  I mean, you get what you pay for, right?  Well, since there really wasn't any other tours on our day of arrival that would work, I went with it.  Boy, am I glad that I did!

We were late and I texted the tour guide.  She told me where to meet her within the tour and we picked up with her as agreed.  Our tour guide was rich with details and back stories that I am convinced we would have not had otherwise.  Her passion for the city, history, and the sites were obvious.  It was energizing and exciting!   We learned in just a couple of hours that I'm sure locals couldn't have even told us in years of living in Philadelphia!  

If you are looking for a tour of the city with details that you're bound not even to get from history books, then THIS is your tour.  While the tour is technically free, donations are accepted.  I paid $40 for my party of three and would have gone to $60 had I any more money.
My wife and I did the Italian Market tour in Philly earlier this month. Jenn is a terrific tour guide. Our free tour by foot was probably the best thing we did while visiting the city.
; my husband and I took the Philadelphia Lights Tour with Toni last Saturday evening... We are new to the area and are trying to get acclimated... we were running a little late as we couldn't find parking - I would definitely recommend arrive early or use public transportation.... the weather was perfect and our group was small... i will definitely recommend booking this tour and seeing this experience for yourself...
I am a HUGE fan of walking tours. I think you get a great glimpse of a city as well as a bit of local flavor and even some personality. 
I moved to Philly 9 months ago, but have been taking my time with exploring the city and learning about the historical landmarks. Since the weather was so beautiful, I decided to sign up for this tour. The tour guide Rich was so nice and extremely knowledgeable. He really took the time to get to know everyone that was on the tour and make sure that any question did not go unanswered. 
The tour took about 2.5 hours, and I really felt like I got a better understanding of the city as well as the people who built this country. The tour itself was well put-together where everything flowed, sites were seen and even people that were exploring on their own would stand close to our group in order to gain some knowledge. 
This tour was amazing, and once again, huge shout out to Rich who also said he would keep our emails in case he gets additional information to some of our questions that came up along the tour. Tips are encouraged but not a requirement, although I feel like it is since the guides are so pleasant and you are learning so much that you wouldn't know without their help and assistance. 
The best part is that he incorporated his experiences as a local and told us about other restaurants and bars around the area that would be cool to check out. 

Next will be a food/walking tour!
Stellar tours of Philly. The guides were fun, knowledgeable, and covered a lot of ground in a short amount of time. Highly recommend!
We took the Independence Mall tour the Saturday after Thanksgiving. We were only in town for a day, so we wanted to make the most of our time and this tour was the perfect option. Yes, it is free, so it might make you question the quality of the tour. After doing the tour, however, I can definitively say that this tour was just as good, and likely better, than any paid tour would have been. 

Our guide, Bevan, was wonderful. He kept up the enthusiasm despite it hovering around freezing, and because it was so interesting, we didn't really notice the cold. Not only was Bevan extremely knowledgeable about the history, he had a great way of incorporating humorous anecdotes (and some awesome puns) into his spiel. 

I highly recommend Free Tours By Foot and plan on looking them up in other cities.
Went on the 2.5 hour walking tour with Jen this past week. It was a great tour! She is super knowledgable and eager to answer questions. Our group of 4 adults could not have been happier with the tour. On a side note, being from Vegas, the humidity just about did us in, so dress light and comfy.
We did Ghosts of Philly tour with Jenn and it was absolutely terrific.  We got really lucky as the day was not hot, and our group was small, just 3 of us and another family of 2.  Jenn really took her time and threw in some extras to make it really enjoyable, establishing a great rapport with my 11 year old who is really curious about history and ghosts at the same time.  She is very well-rounded and well-travelled and we had a great evening, learning so many new things about Philly that were different from the things we had learned during our Independence Mall tour 4 years ago, also with Free Tours by Foot.  We will certainly be using this company in other cities.
Friend and I did the independence mall tour on the first weekend of December with Joseph. Absolutely amazing tour guide - knowledgable, personable, fun, and shared some fantastic bits of history in a few hours. Highly recommend for everyone!
My mom lived in Philadelphia for many years and I grew up just outside of Philadelphia and had done all the Philly historic sites as a kid but we both learned a lot of interesting new things. Our guide Marianne made history come to life with stories that reflected how people must have thought and felt back then and also did a great job managing the pace and the needs of the group. We couldn't have asked for a better guide!
We had a fantastic tour guide: Marianne. She was well organized, communicated great, was so inclusive with all of the groups. She made great suggestions for other activities and restaurants. We learned so much about the Old City Philadelphia! Never pass up the opportunity to take one of these tours. We have done them all over the country and have NEVER been disappointed. Please tip generously as these are really hard working tour guides.
