This is a rather long review, but I think it's important for people to read for their own health before they choose Fringe Salon

I made a first-time appointment with Roberta for a cut and a color for my shoulder-length, thick, curly hair. I was initially very impressed with Roberta, who seemed to listen to what I wanted: a color that matched my ends (the old color had grown out a bit), and a trim of my layers and bangs. 

Maybe I should have been a bit wary when Roberta told me that the color she was going to put on my hair would burn a little more than I was used to. Anyway, she applied the color all over my hair and left it on for a good while (I'd estimate 30 + minutes). During this period I mentioned once or twice that the treatment was rather painful, but Roberta did not really assess my head to see whether the chemicals were causing any damage.

After she washed the excess color off, my hair was a very bright, brassy blonde and I told Roberta that I was not happy.  She argued this fact, stating that I was just not used to my hair being all one color (she also tried to tell me that it was the same as my previous color). 

I finally convinced her to put a rinse on my hair, which was turned out so ashy that it made my hair look almost grey. By that point the salon was closing but, contrary to the rest of her behavior that day, Roberta kindly stayed to finish the cut, which turned out to be very flattering.

The whole color and cut cost me $115, which seemed very expensive for something which had been so poorly executed. 

The worst part of this experience was the day after when I found that I had blisters all over my scalp. A different stylist who fixed my color (at another location) told me that the blistering was so severe that she was surprised I hadn't gone to the ER. This second stylist also said that if she had done to any of her customers what Roberta had done to me that she would have been fired for rudeness and sheer negligence.

Funnily enough I tried to blame myself for this awful situation, but I was reminded by a hair professional that if Roberta had not thought that she could do what I asked for, that she should have refused.

Please be wary that at least one of the stylists at Fringe does shoddy work, and does not care about their patrons!


UPDATE:

Erin is correct, Roberta did try to contact me once after my appointment, but that is only because I missed the followup appointment (that I would have had to have paid for) to fix the poor job that Roberta did. Also, due to the intense pain I was experiencing from the blisters, I was unable to wash my hair for a week. In my eyes the bond of trust that you're supposed to have with your stylist was already broken.

In fact, since my review, instead of contacting me to tell me how sorry they are about the poor service and about  receiving such damaging scalp burns, Roberta personally messaged me to tell me that I had flamed her on the internet, and that she had done nothing wrong. That would be in addition to the message left by Erin below, who has not contacted me since she found out about this "surprise". 

This really just solidifies for me that Fringe has no care for their patrons and are really only out for themselves.
The lovely ladies of Fringe really outdid themselves this time. I went in last week when I was in the evil clutches of Insomnia herself, and I was seriously delirious. Not your average sleepy-delirious but full out "Is that chick on acid?" crazy. A normal person would cancel their hair appointment and stay home in hopes of taking a glorious nap. Of course I didn't even consider doing that - getting my hair done is one of the very few vices I have left these days. But I digress...

As usual, I was warmly greeted by Erin, the owner, who is made of love and sunshine. Roberta, who is some kind of hairstyling genius, was able to decipher exactly what I wanted even though I couldn't even make sense of my whacked-out conversation. Apparently, though, I managed to convey to her that I wanted to get rid of the dark hair and go red, and I just wanted a trim so it could grow out a little. That woman is amazing, because the end result was even better than my mushy little brain could have imagined.

One thing about not sleeping is that you pretty much forget how to function. Feeding myself just hadn't occurred to me, so Erin made me some tea and grabbed a hoagie at a place around the corner so I wouldn't keel over. After my cut she even insisted that I lie down in the massage room to rest before I went out to an event later.

Not only do I love my new look, I really admire and adore the women who work there. Erin, Roberta and Olivia - you guys are the best. And I'd say that even if I weren't functioning at about 4% of my normal capacity. I may be well on my way to all-out insanity from lack of REM sleep but at least I look like a stone cold fox while I'm at it.
I can verify that Erin & Roberta both emailed me. I had not replied to Erin's very polite initial attempt because I just started medical internship, & between graduating, packing, moving cross-country, unpacking, figuring out a new city/state/hospital, freaking out about new clinical responsibilities, I have to admit that Yelp reviews have been pretty low on my priority list. I do appreciate Erin's initial apology & I realize that it was probably frustrating to hear no reply from me.

That said, I could have been pretty easily placated prior to this most recent reply, though I would have stood firm on my original review. To reiterate, I am less upset about the actual haircut I received (hair grows back and split ends can be chopped off) than I am about the EXPERIENCE I had getting the haircut:

1. Roberta made very little effort to find out what sort of haircut I wanted. I admit that visualizing the exact haircut a client has in their head is probably a slippery & difficult art, & that even the best of stylists probably occasionally delivers a haircut that is different than what their clients had in mind. While it's not ideal, that sort of occurrence certainly isn't damning. However, Roberta failed to deliver the haircut I wanted not because deciphering client-speak is inherently tricky, but rather because she never really ask me what I wanted. I wanted to have a conversation about the sort of haircut I wanted, & I wanted her to actively elicit this information from me, not for me to feel like I was having to dodge her over-eager scissors while I was still explaining and showing pics of what I wanted.

2. Independent of whether or not I actually got the haircut I asked for, the execution of the haircut she gave me was bad. No stylist should give their clients a head full of split ends when cutting their hair. And looking through other reviews I am apparently not alone in having received them at Roberta's hands (i.e., Tess Y's Yelp review).

3.  Roberta was dogmatic/unapologetic when I said the haircut wasn't what I had asked for. Reminiscent of Charlotte B's Yelp review, when the cut was finished & I said "this is shorter than what I asked for," I was firmly told by Roberta that this was not the case & that what I was experiencing was the shock of having gone from long to short hair. Except that I've had very short hair before & it's never been a shock to me on those occasions because I was LISTENED to and got what I ASKED for. Regardless, someone in the service industry shouldn't be "inform" the customer that they're wrong.

4. I'm somewhat insulted by the strangely conditional nature of Erin and Roberta's offer to refund my money ONLY if I appear in person to show them my split ends. Putting aside the fact I can't do this because I am now living on the west coast, having to ostensibly "prove" that I have a full head of split ends is just weird. What possible motivation would I have to lie about having a head full of split ends? Do you not trust me to know what a split end is? And even if I were still in Philly, why would the burden be on me to take time out of my day to drive all the way back to your salon in order to awkwardly stand there clutching fistfuls of split ends as proof of a job poorly done? I will give Fringe the benefit of the doubt and assume that the weirdly belligerent "prove it" insinuation of their refund offer was unintentional, but it's nevertheless pretty off-putting.

My intention in leaving my original review was simply to express disappointment that my experience was not what I had hoped it to be, both as a heads-up to fellow customers and as a point of improvement for the salon. It was not to "flame" Roberta or Fringe. At the time I was in no way angry about my experience; I was simply very disappointed.  I had never received a bad haircut in my life, and it was really a letdown that my very first (and hopefully only!) bad haircut was also my most expensive. And again, beyond the actual haircut, my disappointment had much more to do with the actual experience. Now, however, I am also a little angry. At this point I don't really want to have any dialog with Erin or Roberta about my disappointing experience. I was sad & reluctant to write my 1st review because I thought my experience was an anomaly, but after reading other reviews & Erin's replies (esp to Tess Y), I have no compunction whatsoever over leaving a negative review. Know that you do yourself no favors by broadcasting your unapologetic, vaguely belligerent replies to your unhappy customers. Learn to first apologize; you'd be shocked at how effective a simple "I'm sorry" can be. I had a bad haircut, but at the end of the day that's not a big deal & I'm not one to sweat the small stuff. A lot of people clearly love Fringe (and they probably have good reasons), but I think you'd be smart to realize sooner rather than later that good CS has more to do with savoir faire and graciousness than with proving yourself right.
Ok, after several days debating in my head if I should even bother to write this review I finally came to the conclusion that it's only right to... Since afterall I did find this salon using yelp in the first place...

Im originally from California and just visiting PA so I had absolutely NO IDEA where to go to get my hair done (I have long thick hair thats pretty stubborn). Naturally, I directed myself to YELP which is super popular in CA and scrolled thru my options. I realize that yelp reviews can be misleading or even malicious and fake so I'm careful and open minded to this.... THIS IS A TOTALLY HONEST REVIEW. Anyway, I chose fringe salon.. Called... Made an appointment. I was super excited to try out a new salon.... unfortunately I totally slept thru my appointment. I called, apologized and set up a new one.

So I'm driving in Philadelphia for the first time ever... And get lost on the way to the appointment!!! The stylist tells me that "time is money" and that she doesn't appreciate me being late. (I get it) anyway, she still had time to give me a hair cut and a wax...awesome!!. (I was going to dye my hair also) so instead she consulted the dye.. I specified I wanted ombré with a gradual fade starting at my mid face... I knew my hair wouldn't get as light as I wanted but that'd be a work in progress. Everything sounded great.. My hair cut was great...all smiles...

THEN I got my eyebrows waxed and they were done fine but I thought I felt something hit my hair.. I told myself it was fine, I was sure she wouldn't just let wax fall off like that... I got up.. Paid.... Went to get a sandwich.. Was putting my hair up.... And I felt it... A HUGE HUNK OF WAX!! I wanted to flip out but I calmed myself down and just went back in and told the front desk girl (who was totally nice about it) that I had hella wax in my hair. Erin, the stylist didn't seem to care and was with someone else now... Time is money after all, and my time was up. The front desk girl sat me down and ran powder thru my hair til it came out. Erin barely acknowledged me leaving... But maybe she was just busy. I was pretty friggen annoyed tho..

Against my instincts I went to my second appointment... Long story short it turned out HORRIBLE!!!  The top of my hair is dyed black... I have ugly orange streaks throughout the bottom.. It's hideous. All my friends agree, she did a horrible job. 

TOTALLY NOT OMBRÉ AT ALL.  

So I called her expressing my concern... After all, she did guarantee satisfaction or a refund for 2 weeks on her website and in person. 

She basically told me.. She did her job right and that maybe I sat on it wrong (whatever that means) while I was letting it dry and a few other excuses I honestly don't remember. (how could a stylist blame the customer for her work) it was rude. 

Oh, I forgot to mention... This disaster cost me $170... I obviously want to make sure I'm happy with my hair and not feeling horrible about it. 

So we schedule an appointment to "fix it".... Then she calls me again and tells me "I will have to charge you for the product.. It'll be about $60." what the heck!!??  Then we talk more and all of a sudden it's. "just $25 now for the product"  BS. 


Seriously... I paid... Like $60 for the cut... $170 for the dye... Now $25 more to fix it!!!! NO THANK YOU!!!!!

The whole "2 week gaurantee" pitch is totally false. She will just charge you again....

Totally disappointed and I will probably talk about this bad experience (and have) to everyone I know. It was seriously my worst salon experience ever. Nothing was "spa like" or relaxing... Or "pampering" at all... I felt like a "money time slot". 


I'm sure I'll get a response or comment to this but I'm going back to California anyway and don't really care to talk further about it. My review was honest and my experience totally sucked... I hope that helps anyone else searching for a salon.
After reading the reviews on Yelp, I made an appointment to see LENA. I went there for a simple trim, but left there with a nice haircut. If I had to review that experience, I would have given her 4 STARS... 

Three months later, I made another appointment with Lena. I was satisfied with my first experience and like most women, I am searching for that salon I can trust... every time. Needless to say, Lena struck out. 

I showed up for my appointment on time and didn't get shampooed for another 30 minutes. The reason: she had an unsatisfied client in her chair and she was attempting to repair the damage that she had done. When she saw that she was running too late, she asked the girl to wait around until she was done with me. I'm guessing to perform more damage control. This should have been a BIG RED FLAG that maybe Lena was having a bad day.

I wasn't picky about what I wanted, but I was very specific about two things. I am growing my hair out and I need to be able to wear it in a pony tail for work. She cut and cut and cut some more. I was squirming in my chair as she tried to repair the MULLET she had given me. Seriously. I went in with a pony tail and left with a rat tail. I wanted to cry. No, I did cry when I got to my car!!! 

It took another three months for my hair to grow to a length that allowed me to get a mediocre repair job of a haircut from another stylist. In hind sight, I felt like such a sucker for paying her when I should have just walked out.
Ladies, when you move to a new city, you know as well as I do it's hard to find a stylist. Well...a stylist you trust. I was faced with finding one last year when I moved to Philly. Not only did I find an awesome stylist, Roberta, but I found someone that I can refer ALL of my friends to. They have only come back with rave reviews. 
I have to say the haircut and color Roberta gives me, gets me weekly compliments from randoms. I also think it's safe to say it gets me laid. 

She highlights my hair in a way that I don't have to go back as often because the roots blend with my natural blonde hair color. She is one of 2 that have ever given me color that allows me to wait a few more weeks before I should be going in for an appt. She also does the back of my bob with a razor. Love the way it stacks. 

Besides the awesome hair I walk out with every appt, I actually like hanging out there. The girls are super friendly but not tooooo friendly. You know what I mean? "You're dating who, omg let me tell you my life story blah blah blah...."

Point blank: I haven't/won't go anywhere else in Philly.
I love Fringe salon! Roberta is a great hairstylist. She listens to what I want and she delivers! The most important part of my haircut is my bangs. Roberta, knowing this fact, took careful care in shaping my bangs perfectly. The rest of my mane is fresh and cut to perfection. 

Oh, and Uli, the fringe cat! Possibly the sweetest feline I have ever met.

I highly recommend Fringe salon and Roberta as a stylist. Both the salon experience and Roberta's talent are sure not to disappoint.
Ok, so Roberta used to take care of my head a loooong time ago, then she moved. {insert heartbreak}. 
But - She Came Back. relief.
By the time she got a hold of my head, my color was Brassy, Banded and Blotchy. The colors didnt wear smoothly, created bands, the last newbie colorist missed a huge blotch the day before my works winter formal event, and the reds were washing out to harsh orangey colors. Nasty. 
OK, so onto the save.... I'm now smoothly colored, it wears gracefully between dye jobs, no bands, and obviously nothing so rookie as a blotch. 
Pshhhewwww. One bit of advice, regardless of where you choose to go: if you find a good colorist, keep her (him). They keeps records of what they've used, and how they did it, so they can keep your color consistent. This is key. 
Onto the cuts... I have had this habit of growing super long hair then suddenly getting a bob, only to grow it long again. Roberta said, Girl, you could have a ton of fun cuts between that length and that bob. Dude, she had me. Well, she has me. She has a solid understanding of what colors and cuts will for for people. Any people, even beaknosed, high foreheaded freckled nerds like me. Without making me feel like I was stupid for having a zany idea, she will explain what the result would be and then lets me choose anyway. Not pushy-like. And if I say I want xyz, she'll deliver xyz. With hair, its a trust thing, and Berta is trustworthy. I always get compliments on my color, whether I've just gotten it done or not. 
Fringe itself is adorable. Havent met anyone there who was uppity, cranky, fake, snarky, wenchy, or bad at what they were doin. Plenty of loungin area with a rack of mags and the kitten (!!!) while you're in cue. Erin is just as sweet as can be, and you can tell the people there have a good vibe with each other. Totally dig the whole experience chillin there. By far, my favoritest place I've followed the Roberta. 
Need to try the massage therapist next!!
So, here's the thing.  I'm kind of a nerd.  And not like the ironic hipster nerds that you see on Passyunk 24/7.  I'm like a legit nerd.  I'm an accountant.  I wear alot of cardigans.  I like my cat more than most people.  I still use 90's slang.

So a place like Fringe scares me a little bit.  I felt like when I'd walk in, they would immediately realize that I am not cool enough to be in there.  But that is totally not the case.  They are very welcoming to everyone- even nerds!

Things I like about Fringe- super close to my house, open late 3 nights a week, open on the weekends, the friendly housecat Ulli, and most importantly, they give great haircuts at reasonable prices.

I went in recently for a cut and highlight with Heather.  I wasn't really sure how I wanted my haircut so she gave me a couple of options and answered all the questions I had about how to maintain those styles.  I also really liked how she did my highlights to blend in with my (over-processed) previously done highlights, but didn't just bleach my hair into submission.  She gave me a nice golden glow- love it!

I especially liked how they are very willing and enthusiastic about cutting hair how the client wants it.  I went to another salon on Passyunk where the stylist told me she never cuts people hair short AND then tried to sell me extensions.  I like the way extensions look on people, but they just aren't for me. Sorry.  Fringe is not like that AT ALL.
I'm a crazy cat lady / statistical programmer.  I am not cool.  The yelp reviews mentioning the resident cat influenced my decision to come to fringe.  But I am super glad that I did.  Salons often make me feel even more uncool than I actually am.  People who become stylists are generally good at hair/makeup/style (that is why they are called stylists).  I am not good at those things, so I often feel judged and uncool at salons.  Cool stylists look at me with mild disgust in my frumpy clothes.  Fringe didn't make me feel that way.  In fact, they made me feel kind of awesome.  The people were nice.  The cat was nice.  The haircut made me feel/look cool (or as cool as a statistical programmer / cat lady can).  It was all good.
I was nervous.  Coming from a butchered "layers" cut at Jean Madeline hair school and growing that out for a few months I was unsure of finding a salon that wasn't crazy expensive, but still gave good hair cuts.

My old stylist was phenomenal, but unaffordable on a grad-student budget.  

Wanting to dip my feet in the water at Fringe, I stopped in for a (much-needed) bang trim.  Roberta listened, cut them long and rounded the ends.  I didn't love her personality, but that really isn't my main concern as long as my stylist can handle the scissors. 

I made an appointment to come back and throw a demi color over some faded out highlights and a trim.  I must say, I am very pleased!  Roberta listened to what I didn't like about the current cut, kept much of the length, and the color all blends perfectly.  

My initial fear has been calmed and I would recommend Roberta to a friend.  

Location and free bang trips are a super plus.  The price was a little higher than anticipated, but not bad.
I used to only go to Jeremiah or Kelly at the Alley, and they are still great, but I decided to switch it up. Why not? I am lucky to have multiple talented hair stylist friends. 

I got my hair cut a few months ago by Roberta, and I love it! She cut bangs for me, and I was really scared at first because I had bangs all through high school, and I didn't want my hair to look like that again. 
She did a really great job! It has been a few months, and I thought about going back to get another cut, but my hair looks really great growing in. That probably isn't so great for Roberta because I won't be back that fast, but it is definitely a great thing for me, especially since I am on a tight budget right now. I am going to keep my hair longer for the winter, but I will be back to Fringe and Roberta to chop it all off again come Spring.

The owner Erin is really awesome too, and quite a good dj/musician when she is not busy running the salon or styling hair. 

Love you lovely Fringe ladies~
Okay, so after coming on here and taking the time to find a salon that was close to me in south philly i called and tried to get an appointment. right off the back the receptionist was very nice and warm, so i thought this means it will be a good experience. i had an appointment with roberta. 
So the day of the appoint i get there i arrive a little early to check out the place. roberta was finishing up with someone, so i waited patiently then the receptionist was like oh here's your next client, and i didnt really recieve a great welcome but whatever. roberta and i talk about what i want to do then, another girl washes my hair. i have curly hair and explained this to roberta that what i walked in with isn't whats gonna be there when i wet my hair. she did an okay job with my cut nothing great nothing wonderful but now i have all these stray hairs in the front of my head that wont go down. 
anyways now it gets good!!! i swear. the reason why i gave this an okay. the service needs to be worked on, salons should be friendly especially if you want our money. secondly, i think it's ludicrous that a salon in SOUTH philadelphia should be 1) charging that much money for hair cuts, and secondly charging for the use of a flat iron. Just because you can't straighten curly hair i have to pay an extra 10 bucks? and the kicker was roberta turned to the receptionist and was like now dont forget the extra $10 for the flat iron. WTF? are you really doing this in front of the customer like this?
i've been to many high-end expensive salons in NYC,L.A and Boston and never ever ever have i gotten charged for a flat iron to be used on me.  and this little hole in the wall is charging me? it's been 2 weeks and usually a good quality hair cut will leave me with about 3 months until i need another hair cut. but i'm already due for one after 2 weeks!

i hope they figure something out that works cause this isn't.
Before my appointment on Friday with Roberta, I hadn't gone to have my hair done in years. I had friends cut it/dyed it myself at home. For the past few months I was thinking about actually paying someone to do my hair, but had NO idea where I wanted to go.  A few people I work with get their hair done here, and it looked great. Sooo I hopped on yelp, read some reviews and decided to make an appointment. I'M SO GLAD I DID!! My hair looks amazing, I've been getting tons of compliments. I paid about $165 not including tip for a double process and cut and I have loong hair.  So reasonably priced, the people who work there were all awesome and my hair looks great. I'll definitely be back!
Hells yeah! 

I came here to go from long totally blah hair to a razored sassy bob.  Pretty dramatic change and i must say Roberta delivered! And for all you asians out there she also said she had a lot of experience doing asian hair, since she worked in a college town for a while. 

She listened to what I wanted and styled it in a way that I could do at home.  

I like the atmosphere of Fringe as well, it's really laid back, clean, and friendly.

Free bang trims too.

Highly recommended!
How creepy is this? I'm writing this review as I'm under the dryer.

I love Lena. I followed her from the Beehive and I would follow her anywhere. Every time she cuts my hair, it gets better and better. With or without direction, I always end up with a cut that is stylish and compliments my face.

The salon itself is very friendly and accomodating. 
Besides, any business that has a resident cat is awesome in my book.
I've been on the prowl for a fantastic salon in Philadelphia since I moved here 2.5 years ago.  I've had one absolutely horrible experience - bad hair cut, WAY over priced.  And then I settled for a mediocre place that does a decent job.  

I get really nervous trying a new stylist.  Throw into the mix that I have curly hair that at the time was dyed red and I was dying for a new style.  It was either going to be a disaster or totally amazing.  

Fortunately, it was the latter.  I stumbled upon the Yelp reviews for Fringe and I was tempted.  So I took the plunge and had Roberta cut and color my hair last May.  She is AMAZING.  She's so amazing that she was styling my hair with a broken leg.  She genuinely listened to me ramble on about how I wanted to change my look but not do anything too radical.  She took everything into consideration and went to town.  She gave me one of my favorite cuts I've ever had - a short edgy shag.  Then she touched up my roots and gave me a lesson about why dying your hair red is so bad.  Apparently people make the mistake of dying over it again and again which just damages the hair shaft and makes you lose color super fast.

Anyway.

I haven't had a chance to get back there since - it's way to far away from my West Philly location.  But I dream about going back there someday.
I went for a japanese straightening with Roberta and, having had these treatments at MANY salons for many years (sometime paying more than I'd like to admit), I'd have to say this is, by far, the BEST straightening treatment I've ever had. 

The price was FAR below the average prices that are charged by other salons for japanese straightening (I was quoted upwards of $700 by one salon) and they do not compromise in service or skill. 

Roberta was extremely knowledgeable about the product and took extra precautions to ensure the health of my hair. She actually knew how to manipulate the product to allow me to choose how straight or wavy I wanted my hair- something no other stylist I've worked with has ever suggested. 

Everyone in the salon was extremely nice, asking me several times whether I needed any magazines or refreshments. What's more, at the end of my treatment, no one tried pushing products or additional services on me like they do at most salons. 

The only thing I'd like to see change about this salon is the decor--it's not the most chic or hip space. In the end, though, I'll really go anywhere that has reasonable prices and phenomenally talented stylists.
The answer is yes.

I went to Fringe because I had been hearing great things about them and I was ready for a change. Not that I didn't love looking like a rainbow straight outta 1986; that was lots of fun. But having pink/purple/blue hair gets a little tiring after a while, and so I just wanted to simplify things a bit. I wanted to look a little softer. So I let Roberta do her thing and soon enough I was sporting a new 'do in a more natural hue (yes, I am also a poet).

The salon itself is full of good energy. Erin, the owner, is one of the nicest people I've had the pleasure of meeting, and Olivia and Roberta are super cool. I can't leave out Uli, the shop cat, who will sit on your lap while you're getting your hair done and take a nap. I loved that part.

They also host openings in the space and are active in the local music/dance/art scene as well. Look for the neon walls and disco scissor sign hanging outside of their shop on P'yunk. Then, scoot your ass inside and make an appointment!
Having curly hair, finding a good hairstylist has been an ongoing struggle. I finally decided to spend twice as much money as I ever would on a haircut and sought out a Deva Cut. After booking an appointment a month and a half in advance, and putting down a $50 deposit, I had high hopes. I had an appointment with the owner, Erin, who is Deva Curl certified. 
Not only did we discuss length and shape, but I showed Erin 6 photos of the type of cut I was looking for. Specific questions were asked on both ends and I was very clear about how long I wanted my shorter side to be (also repeatedly referencing the 6 photos). She began to cut, while having a lengthy conversation with someone else in the salon, and immediately cut off all but 2 inches on the left side. It was obviously too late to do anything about, and I thought at first she may have been cutting the front a bit more to shape around my face, though this was never discussed. She continued to talk to someone else while chopping off the rest of my curls on one side. I made it clear that I was not happy with the cut and did not want it that short, but of course there was nothing to do at this point. 
She then washed my hair and seemed to be pushing deva curl products on me, of which I had no interest, as I told her I use the curly girl method. She acknowledged how unhappy I was, apologized for the "miscommunication" and said she felt really bad. Though she had no problem taking my money and didn't explain the extra $15 charge. I didn't even stay to have my hair dried. 
I thought that I would maybe grow to like the cut, but I hate it more every day and every time I have to manage these short "curls" that go in all kinds of crazy directions since there is not enough length for them to even curl properly. My curls are not all tight ringlets and therefore I would never get a cut this short, as simply resting my head back in the car now requires me to refresh my hair or have it stick straight up. 
I am a very easygoing, non superficial person and am never one to go out of my way to write negative reviews, but this haircut has me hating mirrors and photographs (which I now have many of from recent, once in a lifetime experiences that were highly photographed with this awful cut)
I was pleased to find this salon on Yelp when in need of a new place to get my hair done. The reviews were great and the salon is close to my house. The first visit was fantastic. I went to see Lena who gave me a great haircut. I've gotten so many compliments on the cut. Now to the second visit. 

I was eager to go back and have her do my color as well. I've been just about every color in the spectrum (currently a blonde) and I am very familiar with the price points and procedures for doing color. I booked a single process which is what I have been doing for a long time. 

First off the appointment was booked for a haircut not color. No big deal, everyone makes mistakes. The process begins and after the color looked great! My complaint is with the pricing. Anyone who had been a blonde knows that toner is applied after color. I've never been charge extra or more for that to be done. A standard single process runs from anywhere to $55 to $65. I go to check out, and $95! All the sudden its a "double process" never heard of it. its bleach with toner on it. That is standard blonde coloring. That's crazy expensive. I felt like some sort of heads up on the price would have been appreciated. I felt blind sighted and unprepared.
Fringe is a great salon with affordable prices. Reberta did an excellent job on my cut and color. I originally wanted to dye my hair a light, almost blonde color, from my natural dark brown, and after consulting with Reberta, I decided to go with highlights instead. She gave me a great consultation, where we talked about upkeep, and what I'm able to afford. Highlights were a great choice because it doesn't look too drastically different from my natural color, and it brightens up my hair, but I won't have to deal with a root fiasco when it starts to grow out. 

She also gave me a great hair cut, basically doing exactly what I wanted, by keeping my length, but fixing my layers. I went to a wedding this weekend and I looked great, and it made me feel sexy! 

Thanks Reberta!
First off, I am salon phobic from a lot of bad cuts and have sucker on my face for products.  That said, I loved Fringe Salon. I had seen the positive reviews and I have driven by frequently.  I gave them a call expecting a long wait for an appointment.  The friendly voice on the phone gave me a next day appointment!  No more waiting for weeks for a haircut - shocking!  Roberta was great and straight to the point!  She wanted to know exactly what I do and have done with my hair in the past.  She completely understood what my crazy hair needed and how to cut.  I felt so comfortable, I almost told her to scape the trim and do her stuff - almost!  She explained exactly what products she was using and why without giving a sales pitch!  I am looking forward to going back.
Short shameful confession:  I used to get my hair cut at Supercuts.  My hair is short and spiky and pretty easy to maintain, so a $15 / 20-minute Supercuts jaunt usually worked for lazy/cheap me.

... until I decided that I needed more mojo.  

I made an appointment at Fringe (thanks, Yelp!), and asked for someone who rocked the short hair, and was put in the very capable hands of Roberta.  She is officially my coif-goddess, my Hairdini!  

I left that place with a new color and cut, and maaaan I looked like the funky rock star I am in my dreams.

Roberta is really fabulous; she's super-skilled, she'll talk about your hair options, what will work and what might not, and she won't make you feel rushed at all.  She's also super-fun to talk to while the color is sitting on your head.

The salon itself is sparkling clean, with local artwork on the walls.  You'll be offered water or tea when you arrive, which is deee-lightful.  

They have an adorable salon-kitty who keeps an eye on the place.  I'm normally fairly allergic to cats, but their salon kitty is somehow sneeze-proof.   I'm not sure how this is possible, but I take it as a good omen!
I only wish mistakes could be accepted instead of proceeding to send me argumentative messages, demanding that I change my review because other stylists will gossip about her. Really not my problem. No way was I going to spend another 45 min driving down to have them possibly jack my hair up even worse than before. I don't have the kind of time for that. I don't like to write poor reviews, but an experience is an experience. Word to the wise: When someone writes a less than glowing review of your business, deal with it.
Im sorry, I seriously don't get what the fuss is about this place.
I went there after reading the gazillion reviews. Lena cut, colored and styled my hair. It was non-descript. Plus, I had to return for a color correction as it was brassy. Bottom line, I really didn't see ANYONE leave there with a style that would turn  one head. Sorry  Fringe.
I still give Fringe 5 Stars for Hair!  Lena is the BEST, and has always given me a great cut and color.  Can't ask for more. 

MASSAGE was another thing all together.  DON"T be the first appointment on a cold day.  I had a 12noon appt, and I was there at 11:50.  My massage person was not there yet. No worries right?  She gets in at 11:57.  Goes in the back and then comes out and calls my name.  Really?  wow that was a fast set up.  OMG I get back there and she's nice, asks me if I ever had a massagae before and I said yes, once a few years ago.  I knew to get undressed and hop up on the table.   Yes, there were sheets...soft music.  

So, I'm naked and I'm FREEZING my ass off and I told her I was sooo cold.  She said, I'm so sorry -- it'll get warm in a few minutes.  REally???  Well I needed it warm  minutes ago!    She was great with the massage but I couldn't really relax because I was sooo dang cold.  My nose was cold, my  hands, my feet were freezing, and my ass was cold.  What the hell?  

This is all thanks to my husband, as he got me the massage as a Christmas present ..Thanks alot hun!  Word of advice for Fringe - make sure the room is warm and inviting before the client gets in there.
So, I have curly hair. You straight haired people think-oh curly hair should be easy to cut. But, oooooh no! If you get a bad cut, you either get Rosanna Rosanna-Danna hair or frizzy but limp curls. 
A curly-head friend of mine first recommended Roberta at Fringe to me a couple of years ago. Roberta has been giving me consistently great hair cuts ever since (along with consistently good color).
Most recently, I went to her with really super long hair and said, "do it!" She gave me a great medium length hair cut! I haven't had hair this short in over 10 years-so I was a bit concerned about how people would react. But, the results were overwhelmingly positive! Everyone (including me, of course) loves my hair cut!
Just one more thing about the atmosphere of Fringe-the ladies who work there are all great! They are all very hip, but they don't condescend to those of us who are coolness-challenged. There is always interesting artwork on the walls, and then ,of course ,there's the salon cat, Uli.  All in all, besides getting a great cut, I always have a great time!
Oh geez, this is probably the most necessary update that I will ever make because you guys - I GOT BANGS.

Here's the deal. I am pretty boring in terms of my hair and really god damn scared of change after an AWFUL haircut 3 years ago at another salon. I already loved this place and already loved what Lena did to my hair but today she seriously went so above and beyond my expectations. You see, my coworker had been harassing me about getting bangs and changing my totally blah hair that I've had the same way for about 6 years. Me, being a total lame-o and a wuss, spent 2 weeks getting super anxious at the thought of it but finally decided to say "fuck it" and do it. Lena was super awesome as always and helped calm my nerves while giving me the most ADORABLE HAIR CUT EVER. Seriously, I am so so so so SO in love with the bangs she gave me. She listened and did exactly what I described and then some once I told her to just take charge and finish it in the way she thought would look best. I love it. LOVE IT. Coolest part? Free bang trims! 

Lena girl, you rock my world :D
If you need an indication of how appreciative I am of Fringe, I created a Yelp account just to rave about Roberta. I moved to Philly last year and had two sub-par haircut experiences before finally finding Fringe. 

I'll get right down to why I go back over and over:
-Easy to get an appointment
-Know how to give MODERN, flattering cuts (why is this so hard for other hair salons? No, I don't want to have local news anchor hair, thank you)
-Great, affordable, sassy color jobs 
-Skilled stylists who listen to what you want and actually give it to you
-Attention to detail

When Roberta is cutting your hair, it's obvious she is a master of her craft. She consults with you beforehand, she takes her time, she's constantly checking her work, and she checks in with you to make sure the cut is going in the direction you want it to. She's great :)
I can't even BEGIN to tell you how happy I am than I found Fringe. 

I've been terrified of getting my hair cut in the city due to a HORRIBLE experience over a year ago at a salon that was supposed to be awesome, so needless to say I was in dire need of a cut. Since I decided to skip out on class today and play around on the internetz, I decided to browse hair salons in my neighborhood in hopes of getting an appointment later on in the week. I had passed Fringe several times walking, so reading all these lovely reviews sold me. I was actually able to get an appointment later on in the day, which was awesome. 

It's a cute little salon, with a cute little cat that wanders everywhere, with cute ladies who love doing cute hair-cuts. Lena cut my hair, and totally listened to my concerns and what I wanted. I ended up with a fab hair cut, an hour of nice conversation, and two awesome products that helped a lot with the frizz that comes with the spring and summer months. It's also not terribly expensive, either. I have long-ish hair and a wash/dry/style and cut was only $50.00 I'm SO happy that I have a salon and a stylist that I trust, and I cannot wait to go back again for more (adventurous) cuts and hopefully some hair coloring in the future. 

It's worth every freakin' penny, I promise.
DO NOT GET COLOR FROM TARAH!  I went into Fringe last week to get a balayage coloring done by Tarah.  The goal was to have something natural and similar to the color (mushroom blonde) posted by another stylist at the salon.  Instead of blonde, my hair came out with streaks of bleach blonde.  When I mentioned to Tarah that this wasn't what we discussed and that it looked extremely streaky she responded that she didn't know what I was talking about and she thought it looked good - YIKES!  (see photos)

Immediately after the treatment and upon seeing my reaction, the receptionist offered another toner treatment free of charge.  I scheduled the "color correction" for two days after the initial treatment and was assured by the owner of the salon (via the receptionist) that the toner treatment would get me to my desired look regardless of how streaky my hair looked.  I was really hesitant to go back to Tarah and called into the salon to ask if I could see another stylist.  I was told that Tarah could absolutely correct this and that she is "a professional and knows what she is doing."  In good faith, I decided to try again - BIG MISTAKE!  I went back in and somehow came out with darker and reddish hair.  

Based on the original color treatment and now the subsequent treatment, it seems like Tarah has no idea how to color hair and I wish that was disclosed to me when I made the original appointment instead of going through two treatments (and two evenings) of what felt like practice for one of the stylists. I know everyone has to start somewhere, but the salon should have been honest about the limitations of their staff and what color treatments they can do.  After the first treatment and my emails (with pictures and a video) to the receptionist and owner, the salon should have stepped in to correct this mistake.  No one should be practicing on paying customers!

This is not the type of service I would expect from a salon like Fringe.  I have come to Fringe for a balayage treatment in the past and absolutely loved the effect and immediately knew the stylist did an amazing job. This time, the color was poorly executed both initially (resulting in blonde streaks) and the correction (resulting in reddish hair). In the past week, I've reached out to Fringe via multiple emails and phone calls asking that I get a refund for the treatment and/or some help and advice on how to fix my hair.  No response - I've been ghosted!  The lack of customer responsiveness is pretty surprising, especially since I was very communicative right away about what went wrong and asking for help and advice to rectify.  

I paid full price ($184 + tip) for the treatment only to get more damage to my hair and a darker color.  Would not go to Tarah for color and would recommend avoiding the salon in the future because of their lack of customer service.
I was perusing the local salons on yelp when I saw "fringe" and remembered that I never wrote about my Sept 2012 experience. Please read below. 

Important background: I've got curly (mulatto) hair, and I've been to salons that specialize in cutting curly hair such as Ouidad in Manhattan and Zindagi in San Francisco.  

My experience: I see great reviews on yelp and so I email to see if they have someone that can cut curly hair. I even attach a photo just to make sure. I'm told "Any of our stylist should be able to give you a great haircut!"  When I arrive, the person who's scheduled to do my hair looks unsure when she sees my hair. She quickly bails and gives me to another stylist "heather". 

Heather insisted on "establishing a length" which was new to me, but I went along with it. She eventually didn't stick to it and cut off a lot of my hair. Way more than our agreed upon length.  

What really irritated me is that she cut off a lot of hair except for some hair behind my ears. This was very noticeable after my first wash. 

They/she gets two stars for trying to fix this in a timely fashion. But that's it, and if its not clear I do not recommend this shop if you have legitimately curly hair.
So far so good with the newly named Fringe Salon.  I have had consistently amazing results from Ms. Erin and her magic scissors.  Speaking of which, Erin took the familiar enormous scissors of Ruth Daneman's and covered them in disco mirrors.  Very shiny! All in all, the new shop decor is even more welcoming and creative than it was before.  

As for the new stylists, my friend Maria had her hair cut by Roberta and it looks fabulous!!!  I expect very good things from Fringe Salon.
Fringe Salon is great. I highly recommend this salon.  It looks awesome from the outside- blinged out scissors hanging from the sky with yellow and hot pink paint on the building.  I've been going by this place for months wanting to try it out, and finally I did! I walked in one day and spoke with Olivia, and she immediately knew what type of cut I wanted, even though I am inarticulate with describing hair.  I walked out of there with a totally rockin bob, and if you want to see pics, you can go on their myspace page- because they took some photos of my cut.  Go to Fringe Salon!! Olivia Rules!
I was tired - tired of fighting my naturally curly hair with flat irons, chemical straightening (Brazilian something or other and the Japanese rice method [tried both]), and most tired of wasting time on this Sysyphian task. I was ready to let my hair do its own thing and give up the quest for the super-sleek bob. I needed a change. I had 6 months of pony tails post-shower and no haircut under my belt when I walked into Fringe on Friday. 

Roberta took down my pony tail to reveal a mess of wet from the shower mangled mop of hair that I could only describe as being "pirate-like." Yes, like a pirate - the Johnny Depp one, unkempt and a little crazy minus the beads. I told Roberta my mission and expressed my fears that my curly hair, once unleashed, would make me resemble Mustafa from The Lion King. This happened the last time I tried to go au naturel. I have a round face and I didn't want to add fullness where fullness should not be. Roberta listened - really listened and then set about working. 

She took her time, which I appreciate, and she explained to me in great detail how to care for my curls to get salon results at home. No stylist has ever been this patient and informative with me. She gave me a great cut and it is now Monday and I can repeat her work on my own. No more pony tails, no more pirate hair - just lovely curls and a great cut! Also, the price for all of this was very reasonable and a lot less than I have paid in the past. I am thrilled and I will be back!
Normally I am not inclined to give a 5 star review because I am rather picky and a 5 star review would denote just about a flawless experience and we all know that's rather difficult, so my default if I enjoyed a service thoroughly is 4. fringe though was an exception. I walked in off the street looking grubby as hell; not my normal state. In any case I was greeted with a smile, even though the girl was on the phone with another client she addressed me and let me know I would be taken care of. I worked in the service industry and I know even if your hands are tied you make the customer feel acknowledged so the act of waiting isn't so unbearable and she did just that. She got off the phone took my name and then proceeded to get me a glass of water, tea was the other option. I waited barely a few moments before I was taken by Erin. The only reason I did wait was because she was properly cleaning her station; something I appreciate. The consultation was quick and she grasped what I wanted instantly; no befuddled look or strong arming into what she thought my hair should be. She was intuitive and professional, she knew exactly what I wanted. She was incredibly friendly and we talked the whole time my hair was being cut all the while she never stopped once or lost her train of thought in regards to what she was doing to my scalp. She took her time and artfully crafted a haircut that was precise clean and filled with craftsmanship. I have had my hair chopped up many times but this was simply sculpted. From what I gathered this salon prides itself of its mastery of the craft of hair, and it shows. Also unlike run of the mill salons that do standard haircuts it seems like they understand younger styles that boarder on edgy yet sophisticated, and its not just "hip kids" that they service. A few generationally  seasoned individuals who may I add were very fabu  traversed in and out. At the end of my time my hair was exactly what I wanted my eyebrows looked perfect and as a guy I am always scared of looking like I have two boomerangs over my eyes, but they were clean and neat. The shop is clean and pleasing , very relaxing, and the staff and quality of work is superb with out being   bourgeoisie or pretentious hip without being alienating . all in all it was great. also for what you pay you get far beyond your money's worth.
I have yet another reason to tell the world how amazing yelp has been to me.

I went to Fringe because of all the amazing reviews the shop had received on yelp. I was in a frantic rush as I was getting ready to go out of town and called that morning and was able to get in within a few hours to see Lena. 

I told her that my layers felt strange and I just wanted to do something different. We decided to go short and I love it - it's not an average haircut and everyone I've seen has (friend or not) has said how amazing it looks. Lena is incredibly talented and really friendly.

She even called me right after I left cause I forgot my earrings and that I wanted my eyebrows waxed. And she snuck me back in for 20 minutes so I wouldn't have to go home with unwaxed eyebrows. What service!

This place and Lena are totally amazing.
I've been to Fringe in the past and they did a great job on my hair, so I figured I trusted Fringe enough to go back to get my hair lightened. Boy, was I completely wrong. I'm going to try to keep this relatively short - The girl highlighted half of my hair and used blonde dye on my roots. It came out looking like this horrible multiple toned orange bleached mess that you'd typically see after dying your hair from a blonde dye box from CVS. I was so upset when I left. I cannot believe it cost me $150.00 for a terrible job when I could have just gotten a bleach kit for 11.99 from Sallys and did it myself.
Only one woman in India has cut my hair for the past 20 years and so it was with some trepidation that I went here. I chose this place after reading reviews on Yelp and asked for Roberta specifically after I heard good things about her on Yelp. She really is as good as everyone says she is. 

Roberta gave me the prettiest haircut (for long hair) that I have ever had. I'm really grateful to you Roberta! Thank you for not only giving me a great haircut but also for being so patient and listening to me. Thanks for helping me translate my general idea of how I wanna look into a meaningful and flattering haircut. :)

It is something of a hike from where I stay but well worth the trouble it takes to get there. Though next time onwards I would go in the daytime instead of after dark. Walking to the nearest subway station in the dark made me a wee bit nervous.
Just want to say up front that Fringe's pricing is really great! Thank you Fringe for sticking with really affordable rates despite such talented stylists.  Fringe has a very cool vibe with awesome art on the walls, and I love that there is such a hip salon amongst the other shops on Passyunk Ave which seem to attract either jersey wearing sports fans or crabby old folks pushing their little carts from the market. But I especially love Heather. 

Heather is a ROCKSTAR. A total bad ass. She has cool ideas but really listens. She does what you want, but also offers really cool, edgy-but-not-too-edgy ideas, which I so desperately needed. She cuts men, women, short, long, curly or straight, she's the bomb! (Heather is now at J Squared Salon, a few blocks up from Fringe, and I couldn't live without her so I followed her to her new spot but I had a lot of fun at Fringe Salon, so they get 4 stars! Woo!).
I have been seeing Roberta for about a year now.  Every haircut is perfect and surpasses my expectations (which are absurdly particular).  She's like a mind reader.  She always understands what I want and listens to every miniscule detail I can think of.  She also does a damn good brow wax.  The customer service is wonderful overall, and Uli is the sweetest cat in the world.
I *heart* this salon. I *heart* all the people who work here! Such sweet people, AND THE CAT!!! The cat sits in your lap while you get your hair washed.. is there a more relaxing experience?!

My hair was seriously hurting. I keep bleaching it myself and basically ruining it over and over again, my stylist Lena was completely unpretentious and didn't force conversation ( i really hate when stylists do that) she worked with me and gave me a cut that i absolutely love. 

The other thing that i loved about this salon is they didn't push products or services on me. They do great dye jobs and even give massages but neither was pushed on me. (the dye job certainly could have been!)

Great place decent prices and adorable cat!
I've had a long term (4 1/2 Years) exclusive relationship with Fringe and Roberta! Let me tell you, I will never tell her I want to see other people. 

When I was originally looking for a new salon... Fringe really stood out. Those disco scissors hanging out front as well as the same number address that I had growing up in the suburbs. I knew it was fate. 

I had a long battle with salons messing my hair up & not understanding what I wanted. I almost always left a salon unhappy and felt that way for many days following until my hair slightly grew out. I HAVE NEVER, NOT ONCE LEFT FRINGE UNHAPPY. Roberta always does a great job at my cut and color. She lets me know if my idea is too far fetched and is fabulous at making recommendations.

I also introduced my boyfriend to these ladies and he hasn't looked back since!! 

All of the stylists are so friendly, Cassidi is awesome, and Uli will sit in your lap during your visit. These ladies rock!!!
Ahhh!! This is definitely my new & only spot for all things hair related from here on out. I'll admit it, I gave up on my hair about 6 years ago and just let it grow. It's not as cute as it sounds. Think dreads, think frizz, think split ends and at home dye jobs. 

I'm embarrassed I even let it go for this long, but as more time passed, the more afraid I was to walk into a salon and be judged for my total lack of respect for hair that was now growing past my hips.  

This is where Ariel comes in. She is fantastic. I felt instantly comfortable with her and she was hella cool about the fact that I couldn't even be bothered to brush my hair before my appointment. I showed her a few pictures of what I was hoping for, and she went above and beyond my expectations. The whole appointment was really easy and I walked out feeling like a whole new person. She didn't try to force me to go shorter than I wanted & really really made my hair look amazing, despite the fact that I'm not ready to have alllll the dead ends cut off yet. Baby steps. 

She also showed me how to style my new bangs and curled my hair for me. I felt like I was walking on clouds after I left! Getting a cut there is worth every penny!  I highly recommend this spot. Everyone there is really nice, had me laughing the whole time and I even got to kick it with the shop kitty before I left. 

Thank you, Ariel!!!
As someone who works in the beauty biz, Fringe should give itself a hearty pat on the back. I've had probably close to 10 hair stylists do my hair in my short adult life, and I can honestly say I've probably never had a horrible hair cut. I've just never been impressed enough to return. Perhaps I'm a misguided millennial, always craving more than I deserve, but in general I just think I've not met a good match for my tastes!

I work on Passyunk Ave and on a whim, decided it was time to do a summer "chop" as well as get my long neglected roots taken care of. A quick call and they were able to squeeze me in, same day, for a hair cut, and a week later for color service. I've since returned several times for a trim and continued color services with my friendly and talented stylist Shelly. The salon is clean and organized, and is often decorated with art from local artists. Shelly does an awesome job bleaching and toning my hair to a beautiful rose-gold undertone blonde. I get so many kudos from my hairstylist friends over the color. The pricing is extremely reasonable for the quality of services that are being provided. 

I highly recommend Shelly and her fellow co-workers at Fringe for any hair services you might need on the Avenue!
Moving to a new city and having no hair stylist can be bad.... but having a bad hair stylist is a travesty!!! So I am a blonde that decided after a lifetime of blonde becoming a darker auburn with a thick strip of REDRED was just as good as being a new divorcee (thank GOD!!). Loved it the past 8 mos but have kind of been waffling lately. It was 50/50, some people loved it, some people liked me better as a blonde. It wasn't until a couple of co-workers said "you look younger as a blonde", that my decision to go back to blonde was finalized!

I became scared when I started hearing how hard it was to lift red out and I started seeing myself looking like Ronald McDonald. YIKES!! So no one really could recommend a good hair salon. So I turned to my handy dandy Yelp! and started pouring through reviews & salons. It was then that I hit upon Fringe Salon. Read the reviews. Saw the comments. Saw the bad reviews. Saw the salon's follow-up to those bad reviews. Checked out their website. Saw that prices were comparable to other salons. After taking that into account I decided to take the chance.

When I called and explained my dilemma they set up an appt with Roberta for me. Got there for my appt. Cute little area, salon with personality, homemade jewelry on the wall and the cutest kitty - Uli... who is a star in her own right.

Roberta consulted with me on every aspect and LISTENED. Then she told me what she wanted to do. I took a deep breath and said DO IT. She started the long process (4 hours with 2 colors processed, a toner rinse, a conditioning treatment, a cut, a blowjob w/ styling). I handed her a hot mess, she handed me back a head full of gorgeous blonde hair with a great haircut!! And she was more picky about the end result than ME and that is how I ended up with the toner rinse. 

In sitting there for 4 hours, I got a sense of the way the salon ran and how the other stylists worked with their clients. Tons of repeats & newbies like me. Great hair colors, top of the line haircuts of all styles and most importantly - HAPPY CLIENTS!! 

So end result - love my haircut, LOVELOVE my haircolor and I would definitely recommend Roberta, this salon and the other stylists. Uli and I have bonded (she told me to bring treats next time I come in). It is 35-40 min drive for me but let me tell you IT IS WORTH IT and I will be making that trip because I found a fabulous salon and stylist!!
I've had my fair share of bad hair cuts and I've been pretty traumatized by the results of some of the those cuts, and the salons from which they came didn't seem to care much. I might even blame a break up or two on a hair cut, but who's to really say?? Fringe seems like a salon that will NOT give you that sort of experience. To chime in with all the other yelpers here everyone was super nice and helpful. 

Ariel was my stylist, or shall I say is, because I will be going back, and she was super informative to me about what was going on with my hair and did a great job shaping up my messy situation. I felt very comfortable and it was easy to communicate with her what I wanted...and this is coming from a generally awkward person. I used to keep my eyes open during shampooing until someone told me that was weird! I didn't know!! I'm awkward!!

Generally I am very hard to please with my hair. Especially my bangs. For some reason, people screw them up all the time. I don't know why. I have the side swept bangs and my hair is super fine and straight and some hair dressers just chop 'em too short or just chop 'em super uneven. Ariel handled my forehead's tiny tresses like a true pro. Didn't even have to worry. Super stoked to go back. Thanks Fringe and thanks Ariel!!
Really friendly place and in a fun neighborhood! You can get your hair did and grab some dinner or drinks in the area. If you like to dog-spot you're in luck as there are plenty in the neighborhood and street parking is readily available, which is always a plus.
SEE ROBERTA AT FRINGE SALON!!

I went to Fringe to get a haircut and highlights.  After my regular hair girl at Aspara left, I experienced several traumatic cut and dye jobs (including getting literally just the front half of my head bleached), so I was pretty nervous to get my hair done again.  So for six months I have been dealing with a crazy frizzy, mushroom shaped head of curly hair!  It was bad!  Really bad!

I scheduled an appointment with Roberta, and even though they were very busy, she was super friendly and listened closely to the type of cut I wanted.  I didn't feel like I was rushed at all, or that I was putting anybody out even though they were clearly very busy.  I also was trying to convince her that I wanted pastel pink highlights, but she told me they would wash out in a few washes, and I have to say I appreciated her honesty! She instead brought out her book of colors and thoroughly explained to me what types of colors would look best on me.  She left the decision to me, and I ended up with golden highlights with a few "pops" of this bright copper color which ended up looking really pretty.

Long story short, I left the salon 3 hours later with a beautifully sculpted head of curls, highlighted to perfection.  One other thing I will say is that I have very thick, curly hair, and it usually takes stylists FOREVER to cut and color my hair.  Roberta was snipping those ends like it was no big deal, and she has definitely been the quickest - but BEST - hair dresser I have ever seen!

Go see Roberta at Fringe.  You won't regret it.
Since I moved to South Philly last year I've been looking for a good neighborhood salon that I can depend on. Fringe seems to fit the bill! I decided to donate my hair to Locks of Love and Lena was the stylist who cut off a little more than 10 inches of my hair. I trusted them because of their reputation and they didn't let me down. My hair looks great! I will surely be going back.
There are ALOT of salons on Passyunk Ave but Fringe is hands down the most diverse, knowledgeable, friendliest, coolest and best smelling one!

I've been growing my hair out for 2 years since I went back to my natural dark brown hair color from 7 years of being bleach blonde. My hair is wavy and dead and shoulder length, a hair dressers nightmare, but I am determined to grow it out! 

I get my hair trimmed by Heather every few months with a necessary bang trim or two inbetween. She's always right on top of it, listens to what I need/like/want and comes up with something perfect every time. I've never been remotely upset or disappointed with my cuts, most of the time they look better than I even imagined. I trust Heather and her professional opinion, so if she suggests something, I usually don't think twice. Like the rest of the girls in there, Heather's super cool too, and I love talking to her about whatever comes up. She's also not from Philly, so we have interesting chats.
I can't tell you how many times I've gone to salons before I started going to Fringe where the hairdresser is rude or grumpy or, the worst, completely silent- this is not the case at Fringe. I never feel rushed or uncomfortable. There's always good music, good people, awesome art on the walls and, of course, Uli, the store cat to keep the mood alive!

I always leave there looking great and smelling like an angel. I've known the girls at fringe for about 2 years now and I would never cheat on them, I don't trust anyone else!
Roberta fixed my hair after I decided to cut my own bangs (if you take nothing else from this post, take this piece of advice: don't ever cut your own bangs).  She did a good job and I like supporting local businesses, so I decided to come back.  After two dye jobs, I'm disappointed.  I'm Latina with straight up long brown hair...nothing crazy about it.  Both times I wanted my hair to be lighter brown.  Not blonde, just light brown.  And both times, I left with hair DARKER than before with $100+ fewer dollars in my bank account.  After expressing my discontent, I was told that in a few days/weeks it would lighten up, because that's how the dye works, lol.  Actually, that's how sun works, not dye.  They don't rinse the dye out very well...it's all over your skin...just no.  Gave the place a couple shots, but i'm done.  Bummer, because it's a cool spot.
Today was my first time at Fringe. 

I was in an abusive relationship with the salon I was frequenting before (too bad to stay to cheap to go.) Finally I woke up this morning and said --enough is enough,  I gotta make a switch.  So after reading all the good reviews here --I called and amazingly there was a cancellation and I got into see Lena.

At first I was kinda freaked out. ...I must be honest....As far as stylists goes she works kinda slow..and so I wasn't sure  thinking "does this chick know whats she doing --- how can this possibly be taking so long and why is she going over the same thing four times?!". But after literally 1.5 hours of her working on my hair - I realized that it was because NO ONE ever probably cared enough about my hair or perfecting the haircut this much. 

I am 35 - never had a haircut that was this good.....I am feeling really grateful, overjoyed, and at the same time kinda weirded out that something so good could be this easy!

lena --- VERY talented and professional. It also feels really good when random other customers notice and say "wow that looks awesome."

two thumbs up!

...
Shelly did an amazing job with my haircut last week.  I was referred here by a friend (get 20% off your next cut if you refer one!), and I'm thoroughly impressed.  They have a beautiful, open space in the Bok building.  I was prepared to be confused when entering the building, but the directions are easy to follow up to the 5th floor.  Shelly not only listened to what I wanted, which was just a trim basically, but she went above and beyond to improve my cut and flatter my natural waves.
Update: Still love Fringe! Same friendly staff, same pretty kitty, and same great results. 

Erin listened to my vague thoughts/concerns again and turned them into an awesome haircut. I've received a lot of compliments, but what's most important to me is that I've been able to maintain this cut myself without that weird adjustment period hassle that ensues after a new haircut (you know when you wash your hair the day after a haircut, try to style it, and think "WTF how did they make it look that way yesterday?! HEEEELPPP!!" ...I am the village idiot when it comes to this situation, but not this time, friends! This haircut is easy, just how I wanted it to be. Erin listened to me and made it that way. 

I'll be back soon for a bang trim!
I'm something of a slob when it comes to maintaining my personal appearance. I get my hair cut about once a year. Generally I go to the Hair Cuttery or some other nondescript chain. This year I thought "Hey, I should give a shit." Since everyone was raving (and still is) about Fringe on Yelp and it happens to be right near where I live I made an appointment.

I told Lena the absolute basics of what I wanted... I never really know what I want so I was pretty vague. I was kind of hoping she would just be like "I'll do whatever," and get to work. Instead she asked all the right questions, narrowing down the possibilities. By the time she was done with my hair I felt like I could tackle any male with complete confidence... not that I would, what with my lady-like tendencies and all. Not just that, but my hair was easy to maintain - meaning I could roll out of bed, get dressed and be out the door.

My only complaint is that I never saw the cat.
I jump from place to place with my hair. No more. Fringe is absolutely amazing. I've been twice, and each time I leave beyond ecstatic about my hair.  Alexa is amazing. If you want to go bold, she's not afraid to do so.  Everyone there is just super friendly (even Uli, the shop cat).  Never have I been in a salon, and everyone in there is involved in one conversation.  Hands down the best find ever.  I think I may have committed myself to a salon!
Awesome little Salon... 1st time here & am super satisfied! Made an appt on a Friday for a trim on Sunday with a consult for Ombré Coloring later in the week. Was placed w/Alexa & she's awesome. Very nice & her skills are amazing. I loved my cut. They were super nice even tho I was 30 mins late for my next appt & after 4hrs my Ombré red came out beautiful!! Alexa definitely took her time and explained everything as she was doing it. It's exactly what I was hoping for. And the price was reasonable for all the time and work she put into it. Definitely will be coming back for my touch ups. [My only complaint is that base dye was still all over my scalp after being shampooed twice] 

Thanks Alexa!!!!
Sadly, my second review cannot be as positive as the first. I don't know what happened during my cut with Roberta, but after my appointment I ran my fingers through my hair and it was breakage-city. It was really, really bad. I left with split ends I didn't have when I came in. I kept trying to play with my hair to get all the breakage over with, and this lasted for 3 days straight before I got through all the damage. I've never had this happen to me before and I get my hair cut every month.

I originally went to Fringe for the good Yelp reviews and the price ($35), but it just doesn't make any sense anymore. Why take a risk on a salon that requires a bonafide commute for a price difference of $10?
I wanted to try short hair at least once in my life.  After researching, I decided this was the best place to do it.  It paid off!

Heather was my stylist.  I brought two pictures with me, one a 'safe' bob option, and the other a shorter, edgier option.  She understood that I was looking for something in the middle - not too crazy, but definitely not the same old cut.

She set to work and I could tell she understood both my concerns and my fine hair.  Heather was lightning fast.  I didn't even have time to be shocked that a foot of my hair was falling off.  She seemed genuinely excited by what she was doing and I loved seeing that.

She took the time to explain how to care for the cut and what products to use, which I think is just as important as the actual cut itself.  She was super personable throughout.  I will definitely go back to her when I need a trim.

It's been a few days now and my hair still looks just as great.  This is probably the best haircut I've ever gotten.  Thanks so much Heather and Fringe!
Curly hair is difficult to manage.
It took me years to find an affordable hair dresser who listened to what I wanted, had an artistic eye for my hair and my personal style, AND who was affordable in Philly, and I finally found it.
Roberta is fantastic, period. She never takes more than an hour to wash, cut, dry, and style my hair, which I appreciate. My cut comes to $45, which is affordable and totally worth it. The staff are friendly, artsy, and despite the whole bunch of great reviews they get, they're not stuck-up. I'm not a hipster like these gals are, but they still make me feel comfortable and get the job done right, which is rare.
Well done, ladies. Much appreciated!

~melissa
I tried to go back to fringe after 4 years since they moved to the BOK building and i now live by there and I got a really good coupon in email. (which I was told I couldn't use) I was very impressed when I walked in. The new location is a major upgrade. HOWEVER that is all I can say nice about it. I showed up on time for my appt. for a consultation for color. I immediately checked in with the receptionist. and stood around for 15 minutes. Then i get a phone call and when  I answered it....it was the freaking receptionist who I was standing right next to! - She told the woman I was waiting for I was here finally. She then ignored me for another 15 minutes all because she was doing her own makeup at her station
she finally came and got me. looked at my hair had ideas but no solid plan to get me the color I wanted, then she told me it would be $175 for the service. NO THANK YOU!!!
I do not deserve to be ignored and disrespected when I had the decency to call for an appt. I was not a walk in. AND she wanted to charge me twice what I was looking to spend on color.
I will Not be recommending them to anyone. 
I was hopeful as I wanted to support businesses in the BOK building but Hell No. not worth it
My appointment was booked incorrectly, no big deal, they got me in.  I was just in there to freshen up a cut and highlights.  I loved what I had done elsewhere a few months prior and just needed the roots blended and split ends cleaned up.  The girl who washed my hair was rough and used cold water.  (She was also told to be sure to get the nape of necks because clients had residue in their hair when she was done)  Great.  The cut was uneven and left me with more split ends than I came in with.  The color was brassy.  They did not use toner and only 10 minutes of heat on what was supposed to be white blonde highlights.  For the 5 hours I was there and the $170 bill.....I paid, left, and didn't look back.  My regular stylist was able to undo most of the brassiness, fix up the haircut, and my bangs are just now growing back to a normal length.
All in all....Great location, adorable cat.  I think certain types of folks love this place and the guys I saw leaving had great cuts!   But it is, in my opinion, more a hair cuttery and less a salon.  If I pay salon prices I want salon hair.  I would have been thrilled if their prices reflected their skills.
I was recommended to Fringe by a friend who had gone to see Erin and loved her experience.

My boyfriend got me a gift certificate for a cut for my birthday and made my appointment.

The salon is a lot smaller and more cozy than I expected, which was a big relief. No snooty stylists who act like you should be kissing their ass for the privilege of getting your hair done by them. The house cat was super cute too. 

Erin and I looked up the haircut I wanted, tried to do myself and failed (Emma Stone from Zombieland....I messed it up BAD) and even better, she didn't make me feel like an idiot for screwing up my hair so badly. 

Before she did anything to my hair, she would go over it with me to be sure I was okay with what was going on and explained the products she was using how and why they worked on my type of hair.  I've never had a stylist care enough about their client to go into so much detail. I really appreciated it and have been googling the products to get them myself now.

When she was done, I was nothing short of amazed. She took a butchered hair cut that I thought would be impossible to fix and turned it into something that was amazing. The woman has magic powers. 

I've found my permanent stylist in Philly. I wish I could have her in my house so I could have rock star hair every day.
I really wanted to love this place. I have never had my hair colored professionally in a salon and I wanted to put my money in the right place. I fully support womxn operated business, but I had a disappointing experience here. I had a less than 5 minute consultation with Alexa that ended saying it would be a easy job. I was surprised but eager to know it would be easy. When I came to the appointment, I reminded her what I wanted: from blonde to black hair, keeping blonde hair at tips. She applied the darkest, most unattractive and unflattering black to my Asian hair. I even paid extra for an additive that would "make sure my hair doesn't turn weird colors." When she washes it out, the blonde tips were dark gray because of the black dye. Though the results were a complete surprise to her, she reassured me saying it would be white after 2 washes and i would be able to apply neon colors to it. She explicitly told me the black won't fade after 2 washes. I trusted her as an experienced color specialist, even though she already made mistakes. I wouldn't have been as frustrated if I wasn't correctly informed about what to expect. When I came home and looked in the mirror, there was black dye all over my face and neck. The black hair was so dark, people kept bringing it up to me, telling me it was not flattering. Every single time I showered (not hot water), the water was deep black from the dye. It obviously was past 2 days. Days after the appointment, patches of my hair turned gray and my ends were still the same dark tone. In less than a week I called to get a touch up because my hair was botched. I would've called sooner if they weren't closed for Sunday and Monday. They couldn't take my request because the receptionist was not in that day and they said I would get a call back the next day. I never received one. I called checking in, saying it was urgent. The receptionist was also not in again, so she told me I will get a call back the next day. I never received a call again. When I called back again the next day, the receptionist told me they had the wrong number on file. Surprise. And they weren't able to book an appointment for me even though I have been calling in repeatedly for days saying it was urgent. They couldn't accommodate because Alexa was on vacation and they couldn't give the job to someone else. They couldn't compensate any other way for literally ruining my hair. There was no options to amend the situation. They told me I should've expected this patches of gray hair, even though Alexa explicitly told me it wouldn't fade. They told me it was my problem now because I showered too often, even though Alexa never told me about after care. It was as if they were blaming me for not knowing. The receptionist kept telling me about their same experience and that drastic color transitions require at least 2 sessions, but it doesn't help that you're telling me after the fact, when you knew what would happen before the fact. Alexa told me it would be easy AND not fade after 2 washes. Why are you telling me I should've expected this, if the expert lied and told me the complete opposite? I don't understand how I should've known better if it was their job to tell me how I should care for my hair? It's disappointing to know that you would let a client leave with unflattering hair and not offer any kind of compensation when I was misinformed, by the expert. I feel violated and insecure because of your salon.
I went in a few weeks ago to get the back of my pixie cut trimmed. I have had two great hair cuts from Erin (including the pixie) in the past. I told Erin that I was growing my hair out and only wanted the back mullet part cut off. She cut the back of my hair way above my hairline. As I said before, I've had 2 great cuts from Erin before so it must have just been an off day but my hair is seriously messed up and I don't feel confident going out without a hat or a headband.
Just came home from my second haircut with Erin, and man oh man, can she ever cut hair. Holy talent. This is probably one of the best haircuts I've ever had. Like, EVER. (And I'm talking far and above some of the "best salons" in New York, Chicago and Toronto).

And just to give some background on my hair, I have incredibly thick, coarse, and curly hair with a sort of "top coat"/"bottom coat" thing going on (yah, totally weird) and I pretty much ask stylists to get rid of the whole frizzy ugly top layer of my hair through extreme texturizing to expose the lovely healthy curls underneath. It's kind of progressive and uses a lot of special cutting techniques, therefore when I find someone as good as Erin, I feel like I've won the hair lotto. 

Oh and Rita the receptionist is a total doll and prices are beyond reasonable. Also I've seen some amazing cuts and color from the other women that work there, so I don't think you can go wrong at Fringe. First salon I've tried since moving to Philly...how lucky am I??? Thank you Erin!!! Hair Goddess!!!
I joined Yelp to tell everyone how wonderful Heather is.  I went in, saddened, confused and clearly inarticulate about my hair needs since no one in my adult life had ever managed to give me the cut I thought I was describing.  Heather got it, made it better and truly believed me when I said I don't blow dry.  I spent a month traveling and the only thing I could count on was that my hair looked great the whole time (even without a blow dryer)
This is the place to go if you want to walk out with what you asked for and maybe even better.  I was never "guided" into what the stylist thought I should do.  Arial listened and advised.  Arial is talented, professional, and made the experience pleasant.  Not all salon atmospheres are like this and we all know the value of a great stylist.

This does not seem to be a hit or miss place.  Based on past experiences at other "high -end" salons, this salon seems to be the real deal for great hair. Thank you Fringe Salon.
I have always had super curly hair and struggled with it. I never was able to walk out of the house with my hair wet and feel confident that it would dry the way I wanted and subsequently blow dried my hair almost every day. Erin did an excellent job both with my haircut, the products she chose for me, and educating me on how to use the products. I have never felt so confident with my curly hair or received so many compliments on how it looks. I am wearing my hair curly more than I ever have in the past. I am able to walk out of the house and know my curls will look great. I'll definitely be back.
My girlfriends 16 year old daughter left to go to the salon excited that she was getting her new growth bleached and came home crying and embarrassed because Tarah was incredibly unsuccessful lifting the new growth to the specified color. I wouldn't suggest this place for bleaching or coloring if you have black or Black hair. Also, not only was the bleach job incomplete/unsuccessful she still charged full price of $200.
I found Fringe on Yelp and decided to give it a try.  I just went in for a scalp treatment, and they were able to take me the day that I called.  

Although, a scalp treatment is quick and not a full on salon color and cut, I still had a great experience.  The staff were all friendly, and Alexa gave me all of her attention and suggestions for my hair.

Scalp feels great and hair is soft.  I will go back in the future.
I have now been going to Fringe for over a year and could not be happier. I have seen three stylists there, but I am now getting my hair done by Roberta, and she does an AMAZING job!

I cannot recommend Roberta enough - she listens to my vague ideas of what I want, takes my hair care regimen (none) into consideration, and gives me a fabulous cut every time. She has also done multi-step, multi-layered color for me and it looks AWESOME and holds up super-well. 

The salon is clean and pleasant, everyone who works there is really nice and knowledgeable, and it's a good experience from start to finish. Go get your hair done there! You won't regret it.
I typically only get my hair cut once every couple of months. As such, my hair had gotten very long and was in need of a cut (long as in, past the middle of my back long). The previous salon I was going to was great, but the price wasn't so great. My co-workers recommended checking out Fringe. After contacting them for specific prices and liking what I saw, I set up an appointment with Lena. I brought three different pictures of cuts similar to what I wanted, and that I wanted to keep it relatively long. We discussed color as well (similar to one of the pictures I brought) and I was teetering on it at first and Lena gave me the time to decide if I wanted to color my whole head. I basically said "What the hell, let's do it." I felt NO pressure from Lena whatsoever. She also asked two or three times if I was sure I wanted to get 4 inches cut - the amount that I indicated I'd be willing to get chopped. I appreciated her careful approach in making sure to verbally confirm that I was allowing her to do what she was going to do.

Three hours later from getting a two process color job and cut, and asking questions about products to style my hair (which she was very informative about!), I was 100% pleased with the job Lena did. My hair certainly wasn't cut too short and the only spots that got trimmed a little bit more (bangs, for example) she asked first. The only thing that was a slight disappointment was that the lighter color put in wasn't as light as we thought it might be -- but that's because there was already a (box) color applied to my hair that hadn't washed out completely and I did not want her to bleach out my hair. So that's really no fault to her.

Despite previous reviews (at least, specifically about Lena) I feel like she did a fantastic job and was careful to ask specifically what I wanted. I think bringing in photos of something similar to what I wanted helped both ME and Lena figure out what to do with my hair. She did great.

As for the rest of the salon, it was very relaxed and the other salonists were chatting (but only when they were not cutting a client's hair). I loved that they have a cat roaming free -- he's very well behaved and doesn't bother clients. So if you are allergic to cats, FYI, there is a business cat living there. 

So, despite some other poor reviews, I liked Fringe. I don't know about the other salonists there but Lena did a great job. If she's made mistakes in the past I don't really know about it, but she was very specific about asking me what I wanted and making sure I was comfortable and pleased.
I went to Fringe Salon for my wedding with my 3 bridesmaids. I had never been to Fringe before, but passed by it plenty of times, as an East Passyunk resident. The reviews of the salon I read were really good and they had an opening for the morning of my wedding, so I was in...especially after my trial run before the day of the wedding.  During the trial run (and on the wedding day), Cassidi did my makeup and Erin did my hair -- they both were so responsive and professional.  And on the days leading up to the wedding day, Erin and Cassidi were so accommodating and willing to jostle the hair/makeup schedule around -- a number of times -- to satisfy everyone. 

On the actual wedding day, the four of us went to the salon along with the flower girl. Again, Erin did my hair and Cassidi did my makeup. I was unbelievably happy with the work that they did. Cassidi also did the other girls' makeup and my sister/maid of honor had her hair done by Lena and the other two bridesmaids had their hair done by Roberta. On the way to the salon, one of the bridesmaids left something in the cab and the ladies of Fringe were so eager to help and look up phone numbers to try to give us a hand. They set such a positive and fun tone for the day -- I couldn't have asked for anything better and I am so grateful to have experienced their good energy and creative skills on such an important day. 

And our hair and makeup lasted straight throughout the night!
Came here about 5 months back. I had an appointment at 11am, and by 10:55 I had two voice mails about how they were going to have to reschedule the appointment if I was late... which I wasnt. The environment was awkward. My stylist did try and spark convorsation, but was not interested in anything else but herself. Regardless, I asked for a fun, funky haircut and walked out with a plain run of the mill bob-cut with bangs. Needless to say I wore my hair tied back until it grew up. Never again
I've been in Philly for four months now and finally got a great cut, color and style at Fringe.  I love it!!!  And they have a cat who is just so adorable.  I would definitely recommend this salon.
Go get a massage. Today! 

Hollace (i hope i'm spelling it right) is amazing.  I had a deep tissue massage today (as did the hubs) and i feel healed.  Yes, everyone there has a helpful attitude and a calming vibe (courtesy of owner/sprite Erin) but I was sincerely impressed with the work Hollace did on me.  My back and neck in knots, my sciatic shooting searing pains down my legs.  AHHHHH.  She got it all. She really knows what she's doing.  and the husband? the guy who was like, 'i almost said i'll do it another time, but i'm so glad i didn't' (you know how they can be sometimes)  He loved it!  

Highly recommend. Get the word out. Magical fingers is too cliche and doesn't do her justice. Genius hands. Genius.
Great haircut, chill staff, half the $ I was paying before
After 5 years of faithful cuts at the Beehive, my stylist, Amy, suddenly disappeared off the circuit. Feeling stranded with 8 weeks of agonizing overgrowth that led me to get creative with bobby-pins and headbands, I went to Yelp and started hunting around. I wanted a laid-back salon where I didn't feel rushed, a stylist who didn't ask me endless questions just to fill the silence, and a cute short haircut that didn't age me by 20 years.

So I decided to check out Fringe. The salon is instantly recognizable by the enormous pair of glitter-encrusted scissors dangling above the door. The inside is casual, comfy, and spacious. The friendly cat made me a feel a little more at home. I was quickly seen by my stylist, Roberta. The first haircut with someone new is always the hardest as it takes a few visits before a stylist can anticipate what exactly I want and what my hair is willing to do. She played around with my hair for a bit, asked some questions about my cowlicks and what I was looking for. She got out a new razor and went to work. She took her time on me. We talked about our neighborhoods, getting used to helicopter search lights through our windows, and being harassed by kids on the street. I learned that the natural part in my hair is highly unusual - who knew?!

While it unnerved me a little bit that she cut herself twice during the appointment, thankfully my hair wasn't an additional casualty. It turned out great. She asked for my opinion a few times during the cut and made sure that I was happy with it. 

While the 45 minute commute from North Philly wasn't ideal for me and the parking was tight, I'd rather sing in the car for a little while than have to pay to wear a hat for the next month and a half. 

As I told Roberta on my way out, "My head loves you!" Thanks, Fringe!
Found this place via Yelp after googling what salons use olaplex and wella color. I am new to Philly and had no idea where to go. Erin was my stylist, and she's the nicest most real person! She's an amazing Philadelphian. I showed her a picture, gave her my previous color formula and just like that she created magic! Hair color turned out perfect!
Great prices, cool and unique spot. Adorable store cat named Uli. I used to be a big fan until Heather left. I have super short hair and I just wasn't able to get a great short cut from anyone else at Fringe, so I followed Heather over to J Squared Salon. Sad to part ways with Fringe because I really did like it there but Heather is the queen of short hair.
Just had my first appointment with Roberta, and I am so happy with the results! I am totally hair-tarded and didn't know exactly what I wanted done.. All I know is that I had ugly roots and grown out layers and now I have the perfect color and a flattering cut! Roberta is awesome, judgement free, and super talented! All the girls in the salon were also super friendly, and I'd highly recommend Fringe Salon to all my friends!
My husband and I are huge fans of our regular stylist, Roberta.  A common complaint about stylists is that you will tell them to take off a certain amount, and then you leave feeling like they took off two more inches than that.  This absolutely does not happen with Roberta.  She's a hair perfectionist.  Every piece will be in its right place when you leave, so you're never giving one side an impromptu trim.  And I actually get excited about the first day I wash and style my new cut myself.  I'm no wiz with my hair, but Roberta's cuts always lead to compliments.

She is also wonderful with up-dos.  Not your standard "prom hair," either.  The design she did for a wedding I was in was structural, unusual, something that belonged on the Red Carpet.

Finally, the salon is just a great place.  I like the laid-back atmosphere.  And I don't care what anyone has written here; owner Erin does care very much about her customers.
I've been trying to find a decent, well-priced, non-uppity salon to go to and read such awesome things about Fringe, I figured I'd give it a shot. Let's just say I've been home for an hour and already texted everyone I knew about it & wanted to write a review!

When I called, I asked if they had any appointments for today and the girl said if I could be there in a half hour, then there was an opening with Erin. I jumped on it immediately and headed over. It's a small salon, but very clean. The girl behind the desk was super sweet & even got me a glass of water. 

Erin was FANTASTIC. She consulted me about what I wanted (before she even washed my hair), went thru pictures with me and made sure I was happy with what I was deciding on. She made awesome conversation while working on my hair, and it seemed like she was genuinely interested in getting to know me.

This is probably the best haircut I've ever gotten and I'm pretty sure I'll be going back to Erin on a regular basis from now on! I definitely found my new salon!

PS - They also do prenatal massages and I already booked an appointment for one!
I came here on a whim, based on the great reviews I found on yelp, and the close proximity to my apartment.  I've been growing my hair out for years now, but needed a trim and had a yearning for a new look.

I was set up with Erin, and had a WONDERFUL experience!  I was nervous that she might chop off too much, but she took off just enough to give my hair a healthy look, while understanding that I'm aiming for long hair.  She also was awesome when it came to creating new bangs.  She worked slowly and made sure not to cut off too much, without my consent.

I definitely will be returning to this salon, and look forward to having Erin do my hair in the future.  The prices were amazing for the excellent work I received, and I felt extremely comfortable coming in here.  Plus, there's a super cute kitty, Uli, that hangs out in the salon.  This is definitely a place you can trust!
WORST haircut of my life.  Definitely not the experience I was anticipating, though I think my experience was probably an anomaly. After all the rave reviews about reassuring, unrushed consultations, I was ready to spend more on a haircut than I ever have in my life.  I had Roberta, who from the get-go was sort of curt and surly.  She left me with a haircut that looks nothing like what I wanted (not surprising given she barely asked me a single question about what I was looking for and seemed bored and inpatient when I tried to interrupt her premature efforts to start cutting my hair before I had even told her what I wanted).  And now I have a haircut I hate and a whole head of split-ends as a result of her razoring technique (and I have NEVER in my life had a split end!).  I am not a difficult to please person; I'm normally as pleased as punch with my $10 hair cuttery cuts, but I would recommend people steer clear of Roberta in the future.  Perhaps I caught her on an off day, but I wouldn't hazard my hair again on the off chance.  On a happier note, absolutely everyone else working in the salon seemed super super nice and cordial.
A friend referred me to Alexa and I've never looked back. Not only is Fringe affordable, but it's clean, spacious and the stylists are more worried about your satisfaction than the amount of people they can cram into one day. 

I used to only be able to afford to get my hair done twice a year, but at Fringe, I got religiously every 6-8 weeks. Alexa is amaze-balls and so easy to work with. She gives great suggestions and really takes into consideration the look you want. I've (finally) after years of dreaming about it, gone blond and everyone is raving about how I'm more fun (not really, but I get compliments on my hair on the daily.) 

I love that now every few months, I have a new color or cut to show off. Fringe is the place to go if you're tired of paying an arm and a leg for the same boring haircut or color.
The best place I've been to get my hair done. Erin is a rockstar and knows exactly what I want, even when I don't know. I went for a color correction and she transformed my brassy, stripy hair into a natural, cool toned blonde without compromising the integrity of my hair. She also gave me the best cut and is fun to chat with in the chair. I'd totally recommend this salon to everyone.
I called in last minute for an appointment and got a very nice person on the phone. They were able to fit me in. The place is very homey and has lots of art pieces. Lena did an awesome job on my hair which I do not take care of. She redid my layers and did a great job with blowdrying my curly hair straight. I would totally go back!
wow, so i see i am hardly the first to give a shout out to this place.  i won't break the consistency.  this place is awesome.  the girls here are wonderful, and this i cannot stress enough:  if you need, want, desire, long for, yearn for, or merely are thinking about getting a massage, you MUST MUST MUST go here for one of rica's famous rubs.  seriously, it's like she knows exactly what you're feeling, where you hurt, where you carry your stress, instinctively.  really amazing stuff actually.  she has ruined me for anyone else!
This review is far overdue.

I started seeing Roberta in early 2012 to get a fresh look before my birthday.  My hair was boob-length and ragged.  She blew my mind with changing my part to a diagonal part and giving me a great cut and color.  I've gone to her ever since.  We've gone on many hairventures together, with a huge range of styles, lengths, and colors.  She kills it over and over again.  My hair is made up of a couple different textures and a couple different growth patterns.  I've never been a girl that can get a decent haircut just anywhere.  She gives me tips on how to style my different cuts without being a product-pusher.  I'm so grateful I got that first appointment with Roberta, Fringe's master stylist, because I am a lifer.

I'd be remiss to not also talk about the other ladies of Fringe.  Rita is always there to cheerfully greet me.  Alexa applies a mean color while spinning a mean South Philly yarn (although she hasn't done mine in a hot minute since she works independently from Roberta now...  Again, it's been awhile since I started going!).  Uli the cat makes a lovely under-cape lap warmer (when she feels like it).

TL;DR:  Fringe is a kick-ass salon.  Roberta is a master of her craft.  I'm never looking back.
I've been coming here for a while, and can't imagine going elsewhere. The stylists are all skillful, smart, and sweet company. They provide swank cuts and color in a relaxing atmosphere free of  the pomposity one might find in a salon employing such accomplished people. 

The prices are reasonable, the music is good, the kitty is pretty, they use top-notch products, there is stuff to look at, and your hair will look terrific when you leave.
I love, love, love Madison! On my first visit, I walked in with a vague idea of what I had in mind for a pretty radical change in color. She took that and ran with it, giving me the best color I've had in my entire life! It was gorgeous, and covered my gray beautifully.  Best of all, after two months, it still looked good, with no scary roots showing. 

My second visit was for a cut and color touch-up. Again: perfection! It really says something when everyone who sees you wants the name and number of your stylist. 

Madison is truly a hair artist, and Fringe is lucky to have added her to their already excellent group of stylists.
I'm still in love with Fringe, and with Heather's mystical abilities to make my hair crazily awesome.  I got some color done recently, including a swatch of pinky purple to spice things up.  It looks great and I've had nothing but compliments.

These people are very talented.  I told Heather about a small gap in my hair that kept showing due to my widow's peak, and after about 30 seconds of examining my hair and one flex of the scissor, she fixed it.

Most important, though, is the staff's enthusiasm for what they do and their desire to help you look as great as possible.  They're as excited for the results of the cut/color/style as you are, and are willing to discuss other things, too, like makeup recommendations.

If you've been searching for a really long time for a stylist who really understands your hair and knows how to keep it modern and sexy, give Fringe a try.
So since my normal stylist (The Alley) went AWOL, and I needed to get a cut ( in a serious way) I perused Yelp for some help. I came across a few places that seemed to get high marks but were all $40 +    Quality is a reflection of price, but that kind of price is hard to come by (for me).  So I called Fringe and they told me a mens cut is $27....deal. After making an appointment ( for the same day which was nice) I came back on to read the reviews for the place with which I just made an appointment. Now I know I probably should've done this beforehand, but I'm impulsive (womp womp). As I started to look at all the reviews, most good, a few scary, I noticed that there was only male review out of seventy something-ish. This also raised some initial concern (as if cutting mens hair is harder than womens, and they wouldn't know how to do it). Anyways I'm drawing this on longer than it has to be.  I went in, and just like The Alley ( hair salon) they have a cat in their establishment. Cute stuff. I sat down with Lena and her attention to detail immediately put my mind at ease. She cut slow and attentively, and to make sure she wasn't taking too much off (which was my primary concern) she interspersed the cut with questions. Muy bien hecho, Recomiendo este lugar :)
My boyfriend and I randomly decided to get our haircut yesterday and happened to walk by Fringe. We'd read some reviews earlier and recognized the name and decided to give it a shot. I was so thrilled that they were able to fit both of us in almost immediately. We both had our hair cut by Shelly and she did an incredible job!!! I'm always really nervous to get my haircut (it never seems to come out how I want / expect), but she NAILED it! I have very, very fine hair and the cut she gave me definitely adds some much needed/wanted volume to my hair. She did everything that I asked for and was so friendly. I will definitely be returning! All of the staff were really friendly and upbeat. The salon had a relaxed/artsy vibe. My boyfriend's cut also turned out really great! We had such a wonderful experience and were both really happy with our cuts :) The prices were within the typical range for each of us and completely worth every penny!
I've had my past three haircuts here, and love each one of them! Erin is really knowledgeable about my curly hair and always makes it look awesome. She's also really great with her product knowledge. So glad this place is in walking distance!
I love my haircut. So much. Heather has cut my hair twice, and each time it has been an AWESOME haircut!

She knows how to cut curly hair, and she does a kickass job at it. 

Usually, I leave a hairdresser with the tiniest bit of product in and my hair frizzes 10 minutes later and then I have to go home and style it myself. Heather knew how much product to put in so my curls were awesome but not puffy. 

This past time, I wanted to go short (my hair was past my chest), but I'm always wary of going too short. After the cut and style, it looked really short, and I was a little nervous. The moment I left the salon, I looked in a window to take a real look, and I realized how cute it was. Now, I can't stop peeking at it in the mirror. It's SO GREAT! My friends have all complimented the cut, and my boyfriend loves it. 

Love love love!
