Nice, clean shop and the guy that helped us out couldn't have been nicer.  Bought two small pieces and he gave us some samples and a lighter for free. Great small, local business.
Nice clean store. I stopped in for some papers and ended up browsing around for a little bit. Very friendly staff.
When Google Maps told me that this place was a solid 4.8 mile walk from my apartment, I was literally praying that they would have what I was looking for. The positive reviews made it look promising so, with nothing else to do, I headed over.

I can honestly say that I don't have a single complaint about this shop, except that it needs to be closer to my apartment (which obviously is not their fault). 

The two employees working were both incredibly funny and welcoming, and they really know a lot about their products. The shop had everything I went in to buy for a fair price. I love the local work they had on display--there are some truly beautiful pieces of glass in there. Anyone who appreciates art could spend quite a bit of time browsing.

As someone who worked in retail for six years, I must say, this was the very definition of customer satisfaction. I can't imagine anyone walking out of this shop unhappy!
Super nice place and they guys there are really helpful. Both times I have come in gently clueless and they patiently show me things. Also they have a great selection of really beautiful glass.
I'm honestly surprised there aren't more reviews for this place considering how solid it is. They size of the location is deceiving, they have a much wider selection than shops twice as big. Their prices range from extremely affordable to splurge, and the quality exceeds what you're actually paying. I'm a huge fan of their $20 and under section, there is a good variety of high quality, artistic pieces that would cost close to double at other shops. Don't waste your time going anywhere else, you won't leave empty handed. Oh and the owner and staff, super friendly and not pushy at all. I would give them more stars if possible.
I felt like a kid in a candy store at Funny Monk! My boyfriend bought me the coolest bowl ever (an octopus bowl-truly a work of art) and immediately upon receipt of this amazing gift I knew I had to check out this store for myself. Well basically it is a wonderland. The beautiful array of bowls and bongs are so fun to look at, and even more fun to buy. My octopus bowl is the coolest thing I've ever owned, but I'm totally coming back for that Ben Franklin bong. 
In addition to all the smoking devices you could ever want or need, they have cool gifts for the toker in your life. Wall tapestries, mugs...lots of cool stuff. My only suggestion would be for the salespeople to be a bit friendlier. They answered my questions just fine, but I am used to people who work in head shops being super cool and friendly. But I'll gladly trade in the warm fuzzies for a smoking apparatus with a historical figure depicted.
If I could give this place zero stars I would. Absolutely terrible selection, terrible products, terrible customer service. Might I add extremely over priced and again poor quality merchandise. They charged me $60 for a vape tank that costs normally is $20 in store. To make matters worse, the tank wasn't functioning properly and kept leaking. I took the tank back and the guy at the counter that day was very helpful so I will give them that. He offered to switch out the tank for a different one. The one we switched it for was only $30 so we were taking a loss but at that point we just wanted a working tank so we settled. The clerk helped us set up the tank, put in our atomizer etc. We went home and tried the new tank and to no surprise it was not working, AGAIN. We went back a few days later to let them know and the guy behind the counter this time was not friendly, frankly rude. Long story short he said the atomizer wasn't working properly, mind you another worker there set it up so that was on them and their mistake. We asked them to replace the atomizer they mis-installed and he refused. Fast forward a few days later of using this tank maybe 2 times, it's leaking AGAIN. In all my tanks I have ever purchased, I have never had this many issues. Needles to say, we will NOT be coming back here. Horrible experience!! Honestly don't waste your money here, go to a REAL vape shop like one on south street.
Starting off I'd no idea and the people in the shop were super helpful. Had two issues with stuff I'd bought that wasn't really their fault but they sorted it out and gave me some compensation.
What a great selection of glass!!! Decently priced. The staff is very knowledgeable and very helpful. Returning customer. Check them out!! P.s there's a parking lot next door
DO NOT GO HERE! You can come in with a smile on your face and ready to spend a million dollars and you will surely be met with the worst attitude on earth. These people are not friendly and I've tried going there 3 times. The last time was truly it for me! The guy was there and speaking with his normal nasally condescending voice. I brought a piece in that was stained for size and was lectured on how not cool it is to do so. I explained I cleaned it as best I could and he told me to get my dirty stuff away from his clean pieces. I kid you not. Instead of giving me a bag to put it in, in the first place (I had leggings on, no pockets) he got rude and nasty. Sorry bro but a cop is not going to give a sh*t about an empty piece or go through the trouble. Plus I drive a nice ass car and never get pulled over or drive while under any type of influence. Will never come back here again. Also dude, if you're going to say I'm not judging, you are. Just a loser working In a smoke shop and my money won't be coming back to this place. I thought maybe they were racist, but from some previous reviews it appears they are just UNFRIENDLY and UNPROFESSIONAL. THIS PLACE SUCKS! TAKE YOUR MONEY WHERE IT IS APPRECIATED.
