OK, I'll admit that I paid too much to go on this ghost tour. A friend from college (and fellow history nerd) was visiting, and it seemed like a good idea. It was definitely not scary at all. In fact, it was fun in a kitschy way, due to the fact that we showed up after some cocktails at Continental and beers from Triumph. The other people in the group were mainly 50-something couples who were not sauced enough to share our sense of mirth.

Our guide was a graduate of Temple's theater program, but hadn't ever heard of Fitler Square. Hmm. At least he knew a lot about where Ben Franklin's ghost supposedly goes to party. I wouldn't go on this again, but at least it was a good walk with some mild chuckles.
BOO! --- and I don't mean that in a scary ghost-y way, but more in a like, this tour totally sucked type way. I was so excited to go on this tour when my parents were visiting from out of town. It was a beautiful fall night right before Halloween and I thought it would be the perfect mix of spookiness and history. Our tour guide was cheesy- clearly someone really wishing they were an actor- and clearly failing. The stories were not in the least bit creepy and overall it was a complete waste of money. 

Bottom Line: A Ouiji Board costs less (I actually googled it) and will be way more entertaining.
You get what you pay for as long as you go in with the right expectations. 

We went on a walking tour at around dusk for about 90 minutes. Our tour guide Damien seemed friendly enough in his black cape and all. I got the impression he at times had trouble taking himself seriously which I felt made him more personable. We didn't see any ghosts or walk down many dark alleys but what did I expect? I had low expectations going into the tour so I say we got what we paid for. Heard some interesting stories, only a few were memorable, and some our tour guide asked us to google in order to answer questions he didn't know the answers to. 

Would I do it again? Probably not. Was it worth $15? Probably not.
I found this entire business to be rather mediocre. I took the tour in 2009, and, exactly one year later, I was able to take the Haunted Vancouver Trolley (in Canada), and it was superior in every conceivable way. Basically, the Philadelphia tour was a fairly quick jaunt through the streets near Independence Hall, along with various anecdotal tales of ghosts, haunts and the like. Our hostess was as campy as vintage horror television show hostess Elvira, dressed a bit the same, and was every bit as serious and convincing as Elvira herself would have been had she been leading the tour. In other words, it was more eye-rolling camp and campfire stories than anything to be taken very seriously.

There were a few atmospheric spots to be seen, such as the old burying ground of Christ Church cemetery and the very Georgian house of Dr. Philip Syng Physick, which is allegedly haunted by an enigmatic gray lady. Along the way, our hostess regaled us with tales of tragic fires and the yellow fever epidemic of 1793. However, we were often rushed from one spot to another, and I found myself left behind the group more than once when I paused to take quick photographs of the darkened historical sites.

In actuality, the most frightening thing about this entire tour was that I decided to walk back to my hotel downtown afterwards by taking 12th Street. The many shuttered shops and oddly menacing characters lurking in the corners made the hair on my head well and truly stand on end as I contemplated whether I'd make it back safely. The next day, I visited the Edgar Allan Poe National Historical Site, a place that I found much more interesting and intellectually engaging than this tour had been.
BEWARE

This tour company ruined my 1 night in town. I felt like I was called a liar when they had issues using my Sightseeing Pass which I purchased via Groupon. I gave them every set of numbers that was on the voucher. They told me none of them worked. I then sent pictures in of the voucher and was told none of them worked. Again felt like they were accusing me of lying. 

What did they tell me I could do shortly before the tour starting? Call up the sightseeing company. I was on hold with them for 20 minutes and the had maybe 15 minutes of talk time. Jeff from NY Sightseeing Company said that they would need to investigate but that it looks like Groupon shouldn't have said that you could just redeem this on the app which it clearly states on the "how to use" section. They said I should pick up an actual pass from the tourist office which naturally closes at 4 (I called after 4). Again my 1 only night in town. 

Ghost Tour of Philadelphia did nothing to help and I got an "oh well! you should probably get a refund!". They didn't try to assist helping me call at all, make any other ways to help the situation like offering a discounted tour, or even tell me to pick up the actual card tomorrow and then give them the card number so they could charge me for technically taking the tour a day later (but again, they seemed to call me a liar, and they wouldn't have done the right thing to have just done the honor system with me). I got a "You can join us if you would like" answer but honestly, I read the reviews on here and wouldn't spend full price. It was only worth it to me with the pass. 

If ever I am pack in town I will take a ghost tour for sure, but not with this company. Naturally there are no other ghost tours tonight (again my 1 night here). 

I felt like I was treated like shit by both Ghost Tours of Philadelphia and NY Sightseeing Company. I cannot remember being treated as poorly as I did by any hospitality company until tonight.

UPDATE: They did offer to call Groupon after I said that they didn't try to assist whatsoever. I told them I'll pass. You get 1 chance to make a first impression.
If you only read one portion of this review, let it be this: The tour was so bad that people left in the middle of it. Just walked away from the group because they didn't care.

Our tour guide was a little weird. He was a very awkward storyteller who would ramble on about things that didn't add to his point. He spoke in long run-on sentences that were hard to focus on what he was saying.

The guide aside, I don't think the tour itself is very interesting. None of the stories associated with the sites are very interesting (or at least the interesting points weren't highlighted on the tour).

I've been on quite a few ghost tours in other historic towns, and this is the worst I've ever been on. Not even entertaining.
All I can say is this tour is not worth your time or money. So basically the   tour had us walk through Old City and Society Hill and stop in front of 5 or 6 buildings and listen to the tour guide tell us a story he had heard from a friend or cop. OK so what's wrong with that you may say? Well nothing except that if I would of known that $15 was getting me that I would of just picked up a ghost stories book from a bookstore and taken a nice leisurely tour of the city. I bet reading ghost stories from a book would of been 100 times more interesting than hearing it from a guy who clearly didn't want to be there and seemed overall disinterested in what he was saying. If you are looking for ghost tours in Philly I'd recommend researching the companies a little more before dropping your cash. Another option is to  simply print out some Philly ghost stories from Google and enjoy a leisurely stroll of Old City/Society Hill free of charge.
Booked the Powel House haunted mansion tour on 7/16/16. I had read the book, "Ghost Stories of Philadelphia" so I was somewhat already aware of this house. My husband does not believe in ghosts but was tolerant of me wanting to do this tour. 

I do not remember the tour guides name, but she was a delightful young woman who came dressed in beautiful gothic attire. Several strangers we passed complimented her on her dress. She was at the park we met at early and was able to greet everyone on the tour. We did a slow walk around the area on our way to the house and she pointed out a few haunted sites on the way. I did see a haunted squirrel in the park we were in. I am TERRIFIED of squirrels and this squirrel seemed to know that, as he would not break eye contact with me. I was happy when he ran off. F-ing squirrels! They are rats with cute tails. 

I digress... the Powel House was GORGEOUS. I die for old Victorian things. This house was draped in them. The crown moulding, the wainscotting, the ornate onlays on the ceiling... stunning. I took tons of pictures of the house much to my husband's dismay, as he constantly accuses me of "old lady-ing" up our house when I do these things to it. Right now I'm in the middle of putting wainscotting and chair rail in my own dining room and I found this house to be inspirational to me. 

The Powel House was host to many important founding father type people. We heard their stories, allegedly their spirits may still be inside. I did not catch any orbs or weird things in my many pictures I took. Did the house "feel" haunted? No, not to me. I think perhaps just because I was so inspired by all the period decor in there, I was more focused on how beautiful everything was than ghosts. But I enjoyed hearing the stories none the less.

The only thing about the tour guide that I found mildly off putting was the cadence to her speech. She's a slow talker. I think she does that intentionally though to make her voice as clear as possible for the group. But she was very nice and gave a good tour. I felt disappointed for her when I noticed not everyone tipped her. People: I know you already paid for the tour. But the tour guides are like waitresses. They work for tips. When you take a tour, tip the tour guide. It's just the decent thing to do. $5-20 depending on how much you like it, but for the love of God give the people SOMETHING. I'll get off my soap box. 

I would recommend this tour group, it was easy to book and I was happy with the tour.
It gets one only because we laughed our asses off at the hoaky tour guide. Fortunately, our tour guide was possessed by the ghost of Carol Channing (altho Carol seems to be still alive)and we were mildly entertained by ourselves. We never knew we were so funny!!!

It did give us entertainment fodder for the remaining two days of our saty as we channeled carol Channing everywhere we went...God help anyone that promotes that p.o.s. experience.

DO NO TAKE THIS TOUR EVEN IF IT'S FREE!!! My wallet is still groaning.

Peace out
I have done ghost tours in several other cities and was looking forward to this one. As other reviews mentioned, we were broken up in groups of two. At the start, the tour guide (dressed up in a white shirt, red vest and black cape) asked us to move in closer while he spoke and made a joke about body odor. The worst part is that he reeked of sweat!!! Throughout the tour, I would be standing further back and would smell it...gross. To be fair to him, maybe the costume needed to be cleaned as there were stains on it, but seriously man, practice some hygeine! I found the stories to be okay and wished we had entered some of the places (as I have done in tours in other cities). But, I really liked going in the graveyards and loved seeing the town on foot. The other thing was he walked really fast and justified it in the beginning by saying we would hear more stories because of it. He did seem to slow down by the end, though. Overall, two stars...maybe we will try the other ghost tour but I better read the reviews first.
We did the candlelight walking tour that ended with a visit to the Powell House. Our guide was Damien. Please save your money and more importantly save your time! 

Damien walked so fast that half the group had to practically run to keep up all the while he kept warning us not to cross on the red light or he would get a ticket, yet he did not slow his pace. He kept forgetting the script and had to keep correcting himself. 

We never saw the cemetery that is advertised. We went to 4 or 5 stops. The 10 minutes of interesting stories were not worth the 90 minutes of our time. The only slightly interesting part was the visit to the Powell house with caretaker Jonathan. Our group of 16 were all given EMF detectors and we got to spend 5 minutes bumping into each other in 2 x 4 sized rooms trying to detect ghosts. It was so so poor I can't express that enough!
Same company has a few varieties of ghost walking tours, we did the 'Ghost Hunting' tour which promised use of special devices along with background history of sites etc.

What we got:  An overtly chatty little woman who walked us around a four or five block radius, each stop was in front of an old building as she explained to us why she doesn't "go here" because she just gets sick with the presence of whatever it is that frightens her. Apparently EVERYTHING allegedly "frightens" her psychic sensibilities. *eye roll* The tour really was mostly about her and while she was friendly, she was a HORRIBLE tour guide. 

Participants are then broken up into smaller groups and given a little hand-held magnetic sensing device with a green and red light and told to walk around the area to see if the red light blinks.. If it does, that apparently means you're in the presence of a ghost.... wwwooooooooooo, spoooooky, right?  Eh, NO.

The entire tour was essentially giving you a little remote control device and allowing you to walk around a piece of yard or park while the guide sits near by waiting to drag you to the next location.  The fact there are typically one to two additional 'tours' taking place by the same company at the same site ruins the experience even further.

Yes, I know these things aren't REALLY for the serious 'ghost hunter', but a little more investment on the part of both the company and the tour guides is in order, especially considering the stiff price tag one pays for the 'pleasure'.
As a native Philadelphian, I brought my friend from California out to explore the sites of our wonderful city on Fourth of July weekend.  

The tour mainly consisted of just some stories- only two of which were very memorable (Tavern and the Park).  I expected to go through some graveyards and to have a few more stories, which is why they only get 3 stars.  The tour guide was funny and willing to wear a cape and be entertaining.

My friend actually purchased a book afterwards and the very beginning story was literally given verbatim by our guide- it almost made her not want to read it.

I would suggest for something different but not for the historical and/or very chilling aspects.
So the girlfriend loves ghost tours. And since we were in Philadelphia I promised her we could take one. We had a late dinner and both decided this could only be fun if it was dark out. I mean ghosts during the day. Pft. When could that happen. 

Our tour guide josh had a very practiced candence though it felt rushed. As though he was trying to get through the tour to me. But she didn't agree. It's hard to say. 

Now the stories are by no means frightening. The history is what I was interested in and I learned a few things that I didn't already know. So his research into his story telling made it worth while to me. 

Long story short. If you like history and want to go for a intriguing walk with some interesting stories. And see some sights through a different view. This can be fun for you and the family while in town.
I really enjoyed the ghost tour and the tour guide Steve. It's hard to approach some of the nasty things discussed on the tour in a family-friendly manner without using comedy, and I think he did a great job. He was also able to answer some obscure questions about Philly, so he really knew his stuff. It was a hundred percent better than the robotic "I am not a licensed tour guide" routine we heard in Gettysburg over and over. I learned a lot and got some of my questions answered.
I did this ghost tour when I lived in Philadelphia and was so impressed with the knowledge and friendliness of the tour guide and the route of the tour. Anyone who is expecting to see a ghost on this tour will more than likely be disappointed. There is no way to ensure you will see any spiritual energies or paranormal occurrences. The tour is intended to tell you ghost stories and take you on a tour of historically haunted places, but does not guarantee that you will see anything out of the normal. You do walk a good bit, so I wouldn't recommend this tour to people who have trouble walking or standing for a long time. We were given glow stick necklaces for the night ghost tour and were taken to various places in the city, walking the majority of the tour. We visited vintage graveyards located in the heart of the city that were spooky to see and hear stories about in the dark Philadelphia city streets at night! It was very eerie visiting these places at night, but I felt safe under the trusted guidance of the professional tour guide. I think this tour was absolutely worth the cost and would love to do it again! Even for people who have lived in Philadelphia for years, this tour will tell you stories and show you areas you more than likely have never heard about!
We loved this tour. Was a really great learning experience for the kids (8, 9 and 15 years old) and for us adults. The guide was really great too, she was fun and nice to the kids!Neat and unusual tourist thing. Glad we did it.
Keep your wallet in your pocket and RUN! The tour is pretty awful. I was so excited to go on the tour, wondering what spooky stories they'd have about a town that is so rich in history. I was completely mistaken! Our tour guide was very nice and entertaining, but the tour itself was boring, not spooky in any way whatsoever and def. not worth the money we spent on it. Some of our group actually wandered away midtour as we walked from location to location. It was kinda sad :/
My friends and I went on the "haunted" trolley tour of Philadelphia. We we very disappointed. We had hoped it would get us into the Halloween spirit. We expected to be entertained, maybe even a little frightened; instead we were bored to tears. Although the guide was sweet, she simply recited stories about historic Philly. More often than not, we had already passed the site she was telling us about. Many people on the bus had a hard time staying awake. In hines sight, I just should have bought the book about the Ghosts of Philadelphia and visited the sites myself.
Our family thought it was a poor tour, hard to understand, too loud and very uninteresting.  Our guide was Damien who yelled during every stop, walked super fast, and was particularly boring. Don't bother with this tour.
I went on the Ghost Tours of Philadelphia last night with a group, The Friends of the Avenue of The Arts. It was a lot of fun and very informative! 

Our tour guide, Josh, was a fantastic story teller! While it was off and on raining, the evening was a lot of fun. I learned stories about some of the homes in Old City/Society Hill I wasn't aware of (Like the Bishop White house!) and then our group ended at The Plough & The Stars on 2nd and Chestnut to warm up by the fire and have a cozy cider.  

I would recommend the tour to anyone looking for a fun evening. We had a larger group and it was easy to set up and they were great to us.
I've lived in the Philadelphia area for 5 years now and I was amazed at how much an hour long Ghost Tour taught me about this historical city.  Our guide was a great story teller and she took us to spots in Old City that I wouldn't have known were significant on my own.  Highlight of the trip was definitely learning that Washington Square was once a public graveyard (and is of course haunted because of this).  This tour is well worth $15.
Nice length of a tour. Good stories. Fine for kids. Tips at the end. Went at 7:30 pm, a nice time with okay weather. Groups aren't too big or too small. Nothing bad to say, although it didn't exceed any expectations.
We were told that this was kid friendly. It is not!!! It was more of a horror tour than ghost. We all like ghost stories, but our 9 year olds were crying by the second stop when one of us took them back. Everyone of us left 2 stops later. When we contacted the company, we were told everyone loves this and they have school tours often. I would be interested to know what schools are ok with discussing books bound in human skin and when big people were hanged their heads would pop off.
I saw a ghost!  Just took this tour tonight. Was fun, cool stories, beautiful walk.  At one point we stop at a cemetery where a woman has been seen supposedly wandering the cemetery looking for her headstone. When the group went off I stayed behind to get a photo through the gates. See the posted photos. There was no green light when I took the picture, but the orb even looks to cast a shadow. Zooming in, I swear I see the face of a woman looking back at me.  See for yourself.
Overall an OK experience if you scare easy and enjoy sight seeing around Old City. This is definitely not an adventure for those who enjoy the thrill of haunted houses or the like.

Some of our party arrived a few minutes late, which was no problem for our tour guide. He has been with Ghost Tours for numerous years and was a great story teller. He even used a spooky voice to tell the stories.
Unfortunately the tour was not as good as I was expecting. Our guide (Kayla I think) was very enthusiastic but the way she delivered her stories was lacking. She didn't even act like she believed in ghosts (I'm a sceptic) but I think if you're going to take a group on a ghost tour then you should at least believe in them. I don't think it was worth the money, the stories were interesting but nothing you couldn't read on the internet, the "ghosts" were hardly mentioned. My mother almost left but I convinced her it would be a waste of money just to leave.
