This is an absolutely beautiful location with delicious food!  The wait staff is wonderful as well as the waiter to guest ratio.  

Though the staff was very nice, there was a definite lack of communication between employees/ management. On our wedding day, this unfortunately caused a lot of frustration and disappointment.  Our seating/ dinner plans for the evening were not met.  Many guests were aggravated, which was upsetting to see.  It all worked out fine in the end, of course.... as nothing was to bring us down!  

This location, in my opinion, is NOT good for a lot of guests.  Particularly, this refers to a stations style dinner.   I would max it out at around 75.  It just doesn't work otherwise.  There is not enough space and not enough seats to accommodate everyone comfortably.  We had the max 155 guests and it was definitely too many people.

Also, beware of the "second bar".  The cost is $700 to get the "second bar".  however, the term second bar does not mean that you get 2 bars, as is implied.  Instead, it is one bar that is open for a bit in one room and then moves to another location later.  The first bar closes up completely.  

Other than all of that, the location is absolutely STUNNING!!  A  gorgeous location with a lot of charm.  There are beautiful rooms to explore including a remarkable art gallery and a large and relaxing wine cellar.  Our ceremony on the river was unique and lovely.  A true gem in Philadelphia!!
This is a BEAUTIFUL historic site on the Delaware River, in the far, far Northeast on State Road, just before you leave Philly and enter Andalusia/Bucks County.  Glen Foerd is a perfect place to have a wedding or other major event, since it's just so scenic.  The house is just breathtaking.  It's hard to describe how amazing it is, so check it out for yourself.
Glen Foerd Mansion is a beautiful venue with lots of history and character.  I've been to several parties here and everything is always perfect.  The staff is the best and they always do everything possible to make you comfortable.  

There are so many unique areas to check out if you find yourself at an event here.  Make sure to see the art gallery upstairs and the old-fashioned cellar.  Both have some interesting things to look at, especially after you've had a few drinks.  I'm updating my pics so you can see what I mean!
Came to see a live musical performance that I got tickets to from a veteran website that I get tickets from and had the chance to not only enjoy the views of the Delaware and nature but also a mansion with a museum inside, and a live musical performance all in one. 

The mansion was so beautiful and there were so many pieces to look at and so many areas to explore. The museum tour was free for us while we had sat for the performance but there were a few areas that were closed off- and the museum staff had mentioned that they had closed off the top flier due to repairs and wasn't sure when it would open up again. 

I was a little bummed that we couldn't see what was upstairs but everything else I had a chance to see was amazing! 

The musical performance I had seen that day was good but having a chance to explore a museum as well was the icing on the cake! I would definitely come back here again to take in the sights.
I recently went to a dinner event here and the grounds and building are absolutely beautiful.  Food is only available through event planning or group tours, but this estate on the Delaware is worth the trip for a tour or one of the events that are planned including a regatta.  The web page doesn't really do this place justice.  "Listed on the National Register of Historic Places, the mansion has an art gallery, pipe organ, elaborate stained glass skylights, and a rathskeller. "  Please note there is valet parking only.
This is a beautiful historic mansion on the Delaware River in the Torresdale section of Northeast Philadelphia.  It is the last of the old Mansion's in Philadelphia.  The neighbors care deeply about keeping it out of the hands of delevoplers.  If you ever have an opportunity to go to an event there, jump at it.  Or just call about a free tour.  I go every year to the Chriskindle Market, it is so much fun.  Chck it out for yourself.
Best place for weddings ever. Art gallery with Monets upstairs. Incredible stained glass. Pipe organ with pipes making up the walls. Rathskellar (basement) with huge keg walls, antler chandeliers, a wine cellar, cigars, brandy.... I could go on and on. 
Special events planner and service: amazing. Would recommend this place to anyone. Get married here if you can afford it... you will have the best memories ever.
A beautiful venue with a rolling landscape, Glen Foerd can host a party up to 300 people. I got to experience Glen Foerd thanks to their preview party for the Jazz Age on the Delaware.  They gave us the down low on the party (a must go in my mind) and also a full tour of the site.

As I mentioned, it is a beautiful venue.  Rolling landscapes with plenty of outdoor space and views.  The inside is delightful as well.  They have a small art 'museum' for lack of better terms, gorgeous hardwood floors, and multiple rooms to set up various break outs if necessary.  Someone else noted the history and character of Glen Foerd and I couldn't agree more.

As for the food, wow.  They hit presentation, style, and taste.  From apps and drinks to desserts, nothing disappointed.  I'm lobbying for my work holiday party to book a spot now!
Glen Foerd is a beautiful property that had picturesque views of the water with gazebo or sailboats and clean cut landscaping. The property is large enough that events are not at risk of overcrowding. Although the event I attended was a bit disorganized with the checkin process, I really enjoyed myself with the catering, the volunteer/paid staff and the setting.
I am planning my wedding at the Glen Foerd Mansion in May of next year.  I fell in love with the grounds from the first time I visited the mansion during my extensive tour of wedding venues. The outdoor area for wedding ceremonies is one of kind, located directly on the river.  I was speechless when I saw the mansion's grand entrance, amazing pipe organ in the wall, stained glass, art gallery.... - and I hadn't seen the best part!  Wedding receptions are held in the attached conservatory which is breathtaking!!   It has panoramic view of the DE River, completely climate controlled and has a beautiful dance floor. The team at Conroy Catering is top notch and the food is amazing!! Highly recommend this venue for your wedding!
I had a good time with my friend in here ...the building is very nice and old ....the house near by the river and beautiful garden . 

      That was event of party 20s -40s , everybody wear clothes of 20-40 , they looked so fancy . My friend had free two ticket from yelp ...so I was lucky had small tour around building and enjoy amazing foods and drinks 
     I can not stop look at the few couple dance ....I wish I can dance like them ...
