Restaurant and dining out has drastically changed 
since the onset of Covid. This was the first time in a long time that I've been able to enjoyed outside dining. It was a cool Autumn night downtown Philadelphia, however the company was great and the customer service was warm. Our server was extremely detailed to keep a safe distance, offer hand sanitizer, and wore face mask. I felt comforted and safe, Which is so significant during this pandemic. I ordered a sirloin sandwich with french fries which arrived piping hot and tasted wonderful, but the real surprise was pint of cherry beer, which I thoroughly enjoyed. This restaurant boasts a wide variety of beers. We toasted and celebrated a much-needed night on the town.

I had a great time and I will visit again.
Grimm, Interboro, Hermit Thrush, Triple Crossing...

If those names mean something to you, then Glory Beer Bar should also mean something to you.

Those are just a few of the top breweries they carry at this fine drinking establishment. Not to mention the international selection and bottles. You can even buy crowlers of their drafts!

Glory is not your average watering hole, it's one of Philly's premier beer destinations.
If you are a beer nerd, then this is the place for you! I've dined outdoors at Glory a couple of times now and have been super impressed by the beer list. You will find the likes of Russian River, Hill Farmstead, Aslin, and many others. Soak in the glory folks! 

The food on the other hand has been 50/50. Props for the Porchetta sandwich because #1. Where can you even find a Porchetta sandwich? #2. It's delicious! Also gotta love those boardwalk style fries. 

On my second visit, I went with the burger, ordered medium rare. It was dry, flavorless and came out medium well. I recommend skipping it to avoid disappointment. 

I'd love to come back and dine inside (indoor dining was not open during my visits), work my way through the tap list and try a new menu item. I sense a potential fifth star in the not so distant future!
So happy I stumbled upon this place! The restaurant is spacious, clean, and simply decorated. There's plenty of room for larger groups, and also 2-4 person tables for a more intimate night. 

They have a wide selection of beers on tap, with a few sour beers and a cider as well. We were pleased with everything we had to drink, and our waitress was knowledgeable in helping us choose. 

We ordered a few things to share and everything was wonderful. The cheese/meat plate was beautifully plated and so delicious, with a wide variety of flavors and spreads. The Mac & cheese (with added bacon of course) was sooo rich and creamy and flavorful. It was really delicious. I was glad that we ordered the asparagus, which helped to cut some of the heaviness from all the cheese and pasta. The asparagus was perfectly grilled and tender with a light lemony flavor.  Lastly we shared the prime rib sandwich. There were a few fatty spots in the meat, but the flavor was great. The fries that came with were perfectly cooked. 

We will definitely be coming back here in the future! Great food, great space, great beers, great service.
When Eulogy Belgian Tavern closed in Old City (https://www.yelp.com/biz/eulogy-belgian-tavern-philadelphia-2) it was one of those things that was a double edged sword for me. In its heyday it was one of those immaculate beer institutions of Philly that contributed towards exposing me to greater beers while savoring incredible mussels and other food options. But in its decline 10+ years later it felt like a shadow of its former self that declined and wasn't on board with the ways that beer in Philly has evolved since the Philadelphia Beer Week era.

It was a big loss in Old City for sure, but at the same when it happened you couldn't help but feel that Old City was ready for a newer evolution of beer bar to take its place. And when it didn't take long for a Eulogy alum to open up a new beer bar on the old block (https://www.phillymag.com/foobooz/2018/01/16/glory-beer-bar-old-city/), it didn't take long to feel like Glory was that glorious step in the right direction!

When you have ties to a bar like Eulogy, you have some tough shoes to fill in the beer department. And, while they might not fill a whole beer bible that was the size of Eulogy's, Glory does have an impressive list that features 36 taps and a plentiful selection of bottles. among the list that constantly updates you'll find US breweries like Foreign Objects and Hermit Thrush, international brews like Duchesse de Bourgogne and Schneider Aventinus, locals like Tired Hands and Free Will, and harder to find seasonals like Founders Kentucky Breakfast Stout.

For food I was initially surprised in not seeing familiar Eulogy items on their menu like mussels. But that surprise was soon replaced with satisfaction as I tried amazing bites like wings with chipotle lime sauce, and their amazing porchetta sandwich with braised greens and aged sharp provolone!
 
Add good events like brewery themed beer dinners and Fishtown Beer Runners sessions, and you have a solid bar.
To me, they are the spiritual successor to my favorite bar of all time, Eulogy (which is now closed). And a worthy successor at that.

An excellent and well curated beer list, and I didn't even see what they had in bottles. We ordered their beer braised chicken sandwich and their burger. Both were excellent (get bacon on the burger, this joint uses the good stuff). We also got their "macaroni and cheese of the moment", which was extremely tasty. The chives were a nice touch.

The space was open and not at all crowded, though the bar itself was packed. There was a nice variety of both communal and normal (private?) tables available, and a large open spaces to prevent you from feeling claustrophobic.

Recommended, especially since this was opening night so they are only going to get better.
Drinks Only Review (for now)...

I might have been aimlessly wandering the city this past weekend.  Actually, truth be told, I was in fact wandering old city this past weekend.  I could argue if it was indeed aimlessly, but we can debate that later.

After checking out an event around Penns Landing that didn't quite live up to expectations, I passed Glory en route to a bus which might get me home.  They had a cute sign outside encouraging visitors to post about their experienced for a chance at fame. Maybe it was the cute sign that drew me in.  More likely, it was my desire for a drink that got me to pop in.

Once inside, I went straight to the bar.  They have a great beer selection: local, seasonal, domestic, and international.  36 on tap!  For those like me missing Eulogy, Glory is a excellent substitute.

I grabbed myself a delicious 'Carton of Milk' and was happy with the price. The place was clean and service friendly.  Unfortunately, I didn't stick around too long this trip and as such can't comment on much else yet.

I see myself coming back.  That trip will be intentional.  If anyone cares to debate if my previous trip was aimlessly, I'd recommend we meet over drinks at Glory!
Ive been here twice since they opened and I love this place. First off, the owner, Dave, is super cool and a certified beer genius, so absolutely pick his brain before you just order the same beer you always get. Glory's beer selection is massive and unique, so you're sure to find a new favorite brew. 

The food here is outstanding. The menu is short yet refined, especially for bar food. The porchetta is perfectly done with a crispy outside and tender inside, and the octopus salad is unreal! The desserts are also a slam dunk - the old fashioned apple tart is so satisfying and the chocolate cake will leave you wanting more. 

Also, a very cool, new, open space which is great for bringing a group. They have communal and small tables. 

Overall, totally worth a visit!
I wish I had discovered this place earlier in my visit. awesome selection of (mostly) NY/NJ/PA craft beer and the menu looks fantastic. fun crowd, great bartenders and will be my go-to hang out for beer and eats on my upcoming Philly visits!
Im so glad this place opened! Everyone was so friendly and the food was amazing & approachable. My bartenders Chris & Morgan were si knowledgeable of the beers on tap and helped me find one that I would like. If you're coming here, you definately need to try the prime rib, you could cut it with a butter knife! Good luck & congratulations to the crew at Glory!
Very cool spot with a pretty good beer list, good food, great staff, and killer record collection. I came here for drinks and apps with my wife. We sat at the bar, in front of where the record player was located. I saw the Police vinyl record cover out of the stack and noticed it was playing.  The place is brand new, spacious and has a rustic gallery feel to it. The bartenders were attentive and personable. We had our drink order in seconds. They had a good array of local brews, but I would have liked to see more flavorful and intense IPAs and pale ales. 

We ordered the wings and burrata salad, which came out within 10 minutes. The wings were giant and piping hot, which I loved. They tasted good. They had a perfect batter, but the sauce seemed honey based which was slightly sweeter than I prefer. But there was also a smokiness to the sauce that offered a nice contrast. I honestly think that the amazing batter they use would pair nicely with a classic well-made buffalo sauce. 

The Burrata salad had great seasoning and dressing. The veggies were fresh and vibrant. The only part of the salad we did not care for was their version of croutons, which was essentially stale focaccia. There was no crunch to them, only toughness. But overall, good salad. 

We really enjoyed our visit here and plan to come back often. This spot has a great atmosphere for beer consumption. Next time I'll try one of their cocktails too!
Thursday July 4th, called around to see what's open in the area. This popular bar had plenty of seating available as well as an inviting beer list after a long drive.

Got a table for three outside and went over the small menu for lunch time.  Settled on the Prime Rib Sandwich with salad ($15) and also shared a plate of wings ($12). Prices here are higher than counterparts in the area, but the food looks pretty good. Sandwich is a two-hander, overflowing with juicy rib meat, caramelized onions, horseradish and au jus. Meat is softer than I like, as a toasted bun would've helped here. Taste is there, and the caramelized onions were a tasty addition. Accompanying salad is nominal. As for the chicken, a nice glaze over 8 wings that wasn't too spicy to eat. As for the beer, tried a couple of local IPAs ($6-8) that hit the mark.

Service here was quick despite us being the only people sitting outside. 4.5 stars rounded up for being open on the holiday.
"Fantastic New Bar with Great Beers and Food"

New bar on Chestnut street finally opens. My wife and I waited a long time for this and were very excited to attend soft opening Friday night. The place officially opens up on August 15th. We came to know the owner Dave from his many years at Eulogy Bar next door. As the many fans of this old bar know, it closed down last year with much sadness. We frequented this old spot several times and were consistently amazed at his knowledge of beers and overall wit. We had some of the most memorable times of any bar anywhere in the world sitting and drinking with Dave at the helm making beer selections for us. When we learned that he was going to start up his own place we were thrilled for him and couldn't wait for the day. This appears to be the first review of many more to come.

Great open space with lots of room at the bar and gorgeous natural wood everywhere with brick walls and soft lighting. Perfect spot to meet friends. Lots of large tables for bigger groups. There were several bartenders all of whom were very friendly, courteous and knowledgeable about the beer. We ordered some local craft beers then switched over to some Belgian beers-all were great. Overall there was 36 beers on draft. Not much in bottles yet but this will be growing very soon I was told. The menu is relatively small and simple yet diverse and each of the items and ingredients look really great. We ordered an octopus salad to start which included arugla and shisito peppers and other pickled veg. This was a great combination of flavors and hit the mark for me. Then we ordered the Dill and Pickle plate which had hummus and olive tapenade and other spread plus flatbread.  Lastly we shared the Porchetta Sandwich which for us is sort of the "holy grail" of sandwiches. We love the Philly standbys of this sandwich at DiNics and Johns Roast Pork. Glory version is definitely different and unique by the large thick cut of pork on the crusty bread as opposed to sliced like the others, but the main highlight for me was the crunchy and crispy edges of the meat which makes this sandwich so delicious and tasty. The food prices are very reasonable from $8 for apps up to $15 for Prime Rib burger. The beers prices go from $4 on up to $10 for drafts. Glory will be a great addition to the old town bar and restaurant scene.  Looking forward to its success and having Dave pour us some beers in his very own bar.
Visiting the city for a few days and this place was within walking distance from our hotel. It was freezing outside! Nice little space and the server could not have been nicer. She told us that the burgers were ground in house from 3 different cuts of meat and that the fries were freshly cut. Even the ketchup was homemade. And we could order them any temperature we wanted. I ordered mine medium because she assured me there would be some pink in the middle. I haven't had a big ole juicy burger in a very long time. Sad to say, I didn't get one tonite either. The burger was charred on the outside and so dry that no amount of condiments could save it. The inside of the bun was toasted a black color. What a huge disappointment. I was starving so I managed to choke down half . For the life of me I don't see how someone could have served something without an ounce of moisture in it. The fries were delicious as was the homemade ketchup and horseradish sauce.
It took a long time for someone to take over what formally was "Mad River" in old city and I love what Glory Beer Bar has done with the place. The layout is very much ideal for hanging out, a nice bar area with tables behind it and then several large tables in the dining area if you want some space with a larger group. I've been here for several group happy hours and they always seem to do a nice job of accomodating the group, while still leaving plenty of space for patrons.
As others mentioned, they have 36 beers on tap, a really strong selection that is sorely needed after the closing of eulogy up the street. They have even more bottles and seem to run varying seasonal specials to keep things fresh.
Overall, if you want to hang out with a group, big or small, it's a great spot.
This is an awesome relatively new spot in Old City that I'm really happy joined the neighborhood. The space is large and usually not crowded, so it's easy to come here with a large group to hang out. They have a small outdoor area in the front, a bar with tables, and plenty of small and large tables in the main seating area. 

In terms of drinks, they have a huge list of draft beers, many of which are local. I've enjoyed all the beers that I've tried here! They also have great food which I think distinguishes this spot from many of the other beer spots in Old City. They have a full dinner menu with a variety of options that aren't just bar food. We have tried their warm burrata salad, pork sliders, mac and cheese, burger, and the short rib sandwich. All of these were delicious and I would definitely come here for dinner again.

Glory is the perfect spot for dinner and beers during any day of the week, and I'm so happy it opened in my neighborhood.
We found this gem on Yelp tonight and really enjoyed our dinner. Melissa was a fantastic server, she had a few suggestions for things to see and do before we return home. 

Beverage: Manhattan, perfectly mixed
Food: Macaroni and Cheese(+bacon) we were pleasantly surprised by this delicious dish! Highly recommend!
Chicken sandwich with salad. Crispy buttermilk chicken breast with LTO, not just any onion, pickled red onion. The house made vinaigrette was wonderful.
Butter cake with lemon icing, topped with fresh strawberries and blueberries. Fabulous!!!

Bonus for Hall & Oates fans, you'll find Darryl and John in the ladies room
If you are looking for a new bar in the city, I highly recommend checking out Glory Beer Bar & Kitchen located in Old City. The owner Dave and his staff are incredibly friendly and welcoming. Dave was wonderful! I loved that he spent time going over the beer menu with me. I like to think  I have some beer knowledge, but I knew nothing compared to Dave. Dave was able to suggest beers that I never thought I would try and surprisingly I loved all of them! 

As for the atmosphere, the bar itself gives you a cozy and rustic vibe with the long wooden bar, bar tables, soft lighting, and high ceilings. The food though is simply incredible. What I loved about Glory Beer Bar & Kitchen is that they are taking bar food to a whole other level. Instead of your normal burgers and fries, the chefs at Glory Beer Bar create intricate dishes. By this, I mean seared scallops with risotto or roasted rack of lamb, both things you wouldn't get at any other bar. The food was high quality and plated so nicely that you could tell how much work and detail the chefs put into one plate. This really made my experience and I was excited to share Glory Beer Bar & Kitchen with friends and family right after my visit. If you haven't already, I definitely reommend checking out this bar for drinks, dinner, or even better, both!
I had this place bookmarked. I remember Eulogy in its heyday and was excited about this new place carrying on the goodness. The hostess was sweet, accommodated us when we wanted to sit outside but that's where all of the accommodating ended. We waited for 25 minutes with no service so I finally went in and politely asked for a server. She showed up, took our order and then disappeared again. No water, plates or "your food will be out shortly ". Finally my food came from a food runner and I asked the runner if I could order another beer. My daughter's food however, took another 15 minutes and we weren't checked on again. However, the dog at the table behind us (to be honest, a very cute dog... but still, he wasn't going to pick up the check for his table) got an abundance of water refills. It was disappointing. The only time she came to check in on us was after she dropped the check to see if we had paid. The food was decent, that explains the 3 -star- rating (to be honest, if the service weren't so sub-par this would definitely be a four-star-rating). My burrata salad was delicious and the octopus was scrumptious. I had the city wide special which was pretty great (served with a wedge of swiss) and if there is an option for a sour, then I'm on it. (Which I was.) Plus, the people coming from the pride festival made us happy with their laughter and goodness..thankfully that offset our bad service.
Glory is a nice little bar and restaurant! They had a nice selection of brews. Our waitress allowed me to try one before ordering. Our waitress was not the most knowledgeable about the brews which was frustrating because we are not locals and we do not know the local brews. 

The service was overall not very good. We were constantly looking for our server and we waited for everything. 

I had the burger and it was good but there was nothing special about it. Everything was very fresh though! 

Overall Glory is located in a great area and had great ambiance, however the wait and food was not worth the price.
Holy moly. I came here for my birthday get together with my friends to get drinks and some food. I will start out this: Glory bar has possibly the best beer list in the city currently. There was such a large list, there is something for everyone. In fact, when I went here in early December 2019, it was one of the few places that had the Goose Island Bourbon County stouts on tap (they had 4 variations of them). They also had a plethora of the IPAs on tap to help as well.

I got the cuban sandwich and the soft pretzel. I did not feel the cuban was anything special, but there was nothing wrong about it. The meat was flavorful, the bread was pretty good, and the pickles stood out. Even though it was good, I would probably try something else if I went back. The soft pretzel on the other hand was insanely good. It was extremely large, warm, soft, and delightful

Ultimately, this place is great for the beer. Go here for the beer and if you end up being hungry, get the pretzel. I will be back!
Have been waiting for this place to open since a write up in philly.com back in Nov/Dec.  We come to Philly about 4-5 times a year during the NFL season so with our first trip this year- I had booked marked Glory. 

First about the space it is really inviting - it has a really cool and clean feel but also a nice warmth to it with the beautiful wood work and exposed brick throughout. The long bar and floating bar (I think thats what it's called) are just incredible. There are some high tops, tables and banquet tables for large parties. The open concept works nicely- there was a party of 30 when we were there- they stood and had their tables but the space is large enough that we didn't feel crowded and that says a lot. The artist photography (that is available for purchase) is a nice nod to the local vibe. 

The beer selection is OUTSTANDING- it has some lovely pours and the staff is knowledgeable (and this is key!).  They help you navigate available options (w/36 drafts + bottled beer to boot) you can rely on them to point you in the right direction. I tried a couple of them (sips from hubby's)- all very good recommendations. I had a nice cab (or maybe 2). 

We tried the wings - and they were perfectly seasoned with the right amount of heat (chipotle if I am correct). They serve it with a house made blue cheese sauce that is well balanced- the sharp blue and just a hint of sweetness- damn that was good. I like their menu options and the fact that they have a high scale food menu that is nice to see, and I can't to come back and try some of their food. 

They will be showing Eagles game so this would be a cool place to catch it. So make your way out to old city- stop by and have a drink for me or maybe I'll see you there when we are in town.
Stumbled upon Glory during their grand opening and we were not disappointed. The beer list covers all of the style bases and has a few Belgian treats as well.
You must try the grilled cheese! There's something about it, a sour finish, that we absolutely loved. Perfection!
The service was excellent. Makenna welcomed us with open arms. Extremely friendly place.
Great new place to fill your beer craving. A  beautiful bar plus many comfy tables you can disappear into. 36! Beers on tap to peruse and choose from selected by a 10 yr  bar veteran.
We had  a grand time at the opening fests  perusing the taps and bottle lists with the excellent staff.
The kitchen is primed to satisfy you as well. I mean how often do you order a burger med rare and it arrives spot on?!! Don't miss the octopus.
You can even have your cake and eat it too. But the beer here is the main attraction, carefully selected and vast. Over all, this promises to be the place in old city to kick back and get your beer on.
Fantastic first visit yesterday afternoon. My sister asked us to meet here for a few drinks and a bite to eat and I had no idea about Glory, and what an amazing surprise. I showed up a bit early with my wife and daughter and were quickly greeted by David, and offered up a large table and got us drinks before we took a seat. Very impressive tap list with most styles covered. Reasonable pricing too, whether you want that full pint, or want to have a higher octane brew or something more rare. The rest of my family showed up soon after and he was right over to talk beers and the food menu. Super knowledgeable and laid back is very refreshing. He offered up some more rare bottles to share too and discussed the history of each and the process that goes into each, which was super informative, even for a beer knurd like myself. 
I didn't eat more than a few bites of the grilled octopus and it was phenomenal with great presentation and combination of flavors. Everyone enjoyed their meals and the interaction with David. I don't get to this area too often, but will make it a point to be back soon to try some of the menu. 
Thanks, David!
Loved this place! We were able to watch the game and enjoy drinks with our early dinner. I bet this place gets much more crowded at night - we came a little after 4:30 and it was pretty empty, but started to fill up by 6:00. 

We each ordered two beers - beware because most of their beers are STRONG! Be sure to look at the abv before ordering. The dinner was great - my boyfriend's grilled cheese with bacon looked AMAZING - if I wasn't vegan I would have had to try some. Staff was friendly and service was great. Definitely would recommend to anyone coming on a date, or large groups work here too!
The atmosphere was what I liked best about this place. I just got off he plane and was starving. Short walk from the hotel. Nice beer selection and good music playing. Will be back!
SUMMARY: 3/5
This spot by Penn's Landing is a trendy beer bar restaurant serving sandwiches, salads, sliders, and wings. The space is much larger than you would imagine, with a decent amount of seating. Personally, my experience was pretty average, but I would recommend Glory if you're looking for somewhere to eat with friends in the area. 

FOOD: 3/5 
My boyfriend and I split a Crispy Chicken sandwich and a Prime Rib sandwich with fries and salad on the side. I had really high expectations for the Prime Rib because of previous Yelp reviews and photos, but unfortunately they fell a bit short. The Crispy Chicken was definitely a winner, however! It was buttery and crispy, with a good amount of chicken. Fries and salad were both average. 

The beer selection was pretty impressive and although I didn't drink, my friends who did were big fans. In particular, they enjoyed the rhubarb. I believe Glory also has happy hour every weekday from 4:30-6:30. Overall, the meal was on the pricier side, coming out to around $25 per person (including tax and tip). 

SERVICE: 3.5/5
Our waitress was kind and checked up on us often. However, the food took a while to arrive, despite the restaurant not being all that busy. 

EXPERIENCE: 3/5
Although I was glad we were able to get a table at Glory despite it being July 4th and just an hour before the fireworks went off at the river, overall the food, value, and service resulted in just a very average dinner experience. There's nothing terrible about this place, but I also wouldn't say anything stellar either. My friends and I simply came and left feeling satisfied.
Absolutely delicious food! Great beer choices! The chicken pot pie was my absolute favorite, so so good! The kids loved the grilled cheese (comes with fries or a salad) and the Mac and cheese! The potato skins were good, so good I forgot to get a before picture. Only food we didn't like were the pulled pork sandwich appetizers, they were very very dry and they had no sauce options to put on it (bbq would be nice). The place is nice inside but very dark. It has a nice seating area outside out front if you only are dining with a few people! Highly recommend ordering a beer on draft and chicken pot pie, you won't regret it!
Burger was delicious, beer selection is exceptional. Great location. Definitely recommend.
Went there on a recommendation.  Good news was were were a party of 6 and were able to make a reservation at 6:30 pm and get in for 8.  Service was good.  My issue is the main dishes came out in 3 waves- burgers first, mac & cheese and soup, then chicken pot pies.  Each at least 5 minutes apart.  So we sat there waiting and picking on the burger people's fries till all food showed up.  Filet mignon burger was excellent, glory burger good.  Mixed reviews on the chicken pot pies and Mac and cheese.  We aren't beer drinkers so maybe if we were this would have been a four star.  The craft beer list was extensive.  Would I go back?  Probably not.
Came to Philly for an overnite  with the family from NJ. Did several breweries today on our way down and saved the best for last. Been here several times already and always delicious food and attentive friendly service. Today had the wings and burrata for appys, then I had a bowl of prime rib chili which is something I've never had before and it was fabulous. Rest of table had prime rib, porchetta and grilled cheese sandwiches . I sampled a bite of each which were all really good. Great music on the turntable and wonderful beers served up by Dave the beer meister. Definitely one of our favorite spots when in Philly.
Very cool vibe in this brand new bar. AMAZING beer selection and knowledgeable (and yet still friendly) bartenders to back it up. Wide range of food on the menu, everything we tried was delicious (octopus, wings and short rib were spot on!!) Will absolutely be coming back here on any future Philly visits!
My new favorite bar in Old City! Super friendly staff and the food is really good too. As for the beers, they have a bunch of good stuff on draft. I'm on a sour beer kick and this is my go-to spot for guaranteeed sour beers in Old City!
This bar has that exposed brick type of ambiance, very spacious. They have a cool vinyl record collection, playing some great music over the speakers. Nice beer selection.... Though, I am cursed as my taste buds don't like IPA's, the beer menu skews toward IPA's.  Both the owner and bartender were very friendly & passionate about beer. They suggested I try the the 'La Moneuse' Saison/Farmhouse Ale, that was fantastic! I added that to my Untappd app.

The 'Porchetta' sandwich was boss, full of flavorful. I would get that again.

Looking forward to returning here.
We came in after a long day of walking the streets of Philadelphia and enjoyed a few pints of quality craft beer. The restaurant was very inviting and also accommodating to our three year old. They made her buttered noodles which wasn't a menu option and she devoured them.
Love this place!

I ended up having an event here and hadn't been before. I worked with David on everything and he was great staying within my budget. We had great food, great drinks, great service, and great ambiance. He also went above and beyond and had a little drink menu especially for us upon arrival.

That being said, the inside is nice and they have a lot of great drink options, of course great beer, but also great wine and cocktails!

I will definitely be back in my own time, aside from having an event and would recommend!
We've been here several times and it never disappoints!  Great staff! Fantastic food! Everything I've had to eat here is out of this world.  Amazing French Onion soup.  My husband swears the porchetta deserves an award.
Nice spacious bar/restaurant with a lovely selection of beer & food. There are several big tv screens for sporting events. Service was prompt & friendly. Decent music playing that wasn't too loud. 
Food was delicious! Definitely going back to go deeper on the menu. 5 stars!
This place has everything you want in a gastropub - great tap list, lots of satisfying comfort food and friendly service! We made a reservation for a Saturday night and were seated right away. The ambiance was cozy, but also spacious (unlike many other cramped gastropubs). We felt right at home even though we were visiting from out of town. 

To drink, I went with Bissell Brothers - Substance (on draft in the Mid-Atlantic - what!!!???) and Burley Oak - Double Apple Pie J.R.E.A.M., which was one of the best sours I've ever had. For food, we got the soft pretzel to start, then the French onion soup and the grilled cheese w/ fries for our entries. Everything was very good, but just a bit bland overall. We passed on dessert, but did spend some time at the bar with bartenders who were just as friendly and attentive as our waitress.  

We would definitely return next time we're in Philly!
My friend and I came here for dinner on a weeknight and had a good time! The beer list is fantastic, which was my initial reason for wanting to go. I ended up with a local IPA which hit the spot.

To start, my friend and I decided to share the Mac & Cheese (with aged cheddar and cooper sharp). It was super creamy and amazing!

For my main meal, I got the Grilled Cheese (with cheddar, cooper sharp, and sun-dried tomato) with a salad as the side. The sandwich was delicious but sliiiightly oily. I would have loved a vegetarian sandwich or main dish menu option that had slightly more vegetables involved - I was definitely on dairy overload that night.

I'm excited to come back and see what's new on tap!
Wow, Central Philly has really excellent restaurants! This is my second meal in Philly and it did not disappoint! I had a sour beer and the chicken pot pie. The waiter spoke to me for a few minutes about my beer preferences and then reappeared with tasters of three different beers. All delicious. In the end I went with a delicious sour! And I cannot rave enough about the chicken pot pie. Often pot pies lack flavor but seriously, not this one. It was so flavorful! So good. Highly recommend!
The food was terrible. The porchetta and chicken sandwich were inedible. We left immediately and still had to pay. The vibe in there is also weird. Would never go back. I'm so confused by these other reviews.
After getting into our accommodations in Old City this afternoon, we were looking for a casual spot to grab an early dinner from and decided to hit Glory up, as it was within easy walking distance for us. The bar was relatively full when we got in, but there were plenty of socially-distanced tables to choose from, so getting a seat for the three of us was no issue (they do have high chairs for little ones). There's not much of a distinct decor that I could divine - lots of wood on the inside, with the look and feel of a place that is located in this part of Philly - but that was a-okay by me, as someone who has a good amount of nostalgia for the city and am visiting it for the first time in a few years. Service was great as well - prompt order-taking and serving of drinks and food as ready.

For those coming to drink, the menu has a nice balance of domestic craft beers and popular imports such as Delirium Tremens, but as Philly (still, from what I can tell) isn't a huge craft brewery town, don't expect to see a whole bunch of Pennsylvania brews on the menu. I ended up with a New England-style double IPA from California that was quite refreshing and served in a slightly smaller glass (which I appreciated). The food menu isn't terribly extensive, but what we did have was quite good. The Bolivian-style ceviche was very nice, with the meatier red snapper serving as the raw fish of the plate. I can't necessarily distinguish how this differs too much from the Peruvian ceviches that are similar in overall flavor profile, although this did have a couple ingredients (such as nuts and potatoes) that I haven't encountered previously. The burger here is pretty standard-issue, if slightly above average; the fries are tasty but a bit on the salty side. I had the porchetta sandwich, which I liked quite a bit better - there was a generous serving of porchetta sliced onto the roll, and the provolone and greens together were a nice, slightly acidic contrast to the juicy crispness from the meat.

For a casual bite, Glory did a very solid job of delivering. The pricing is reasonable, and I enjoyed our quick meal there all around. Worth a stop if you're not looking for something too unique but want a meal with a good selection of beers on hand.
I want to start off saying I loved Eulogy Belgian Tavern before it closed last year. I had been visiting every few weeks for 8+ years because I loved the beer selection, decent food and nice people to chat with.  However, the last few years, it was clear that the owner didn't care as much as in the past. The bar top was sticky, leak stains on the ceiling, etc.   I was a bar orphan until Glory Beer Bar & Kitchen opened last week. The bar manager from Eulogy opened his own place and it's great!

32 taps, delicious food and a clean, friendly atmosphere - what more could I ask for?  The woodwork is gorgeous and the decor is warm and inviting. It's decorated like a tavern laborers would go after work in the early 1900's.

I had the roasted chicken sandwich and it was excellent. It's not a deep fried chicken patty or your average grilled chicken breast - it was roasted chicken shaved on to the bun with the pan juice drizzled on it and some fancy slaw on top. And their French fries are fresh cut. I try to stay away from fried foods, but fresh cut fries are an exception. I also tried one of their hot wings and it was crispy, spicy and very good. I love that they specialize in roasted meats instead of run of the mill pre-frozen crap.  They also have vegetarian and vegan stuff on the menu that I will have to try next time.  I had a bite of a friend's short rib and it was very juicy and tender. It's obvious that the chefs care about what they make and want patrons have a good dining experience. 

The bartenders were very nice and friendly. I could tell everyone knew what they were doing.  Alex was helpful and friendly and the guy that resembles a young Barry Gibb (I didn't get his name) is clearly on the ball. 

This orphan has found a new home. I highly recommend.
To drink, I tasted the Tripel Karmeliet (on the right in my pic) - light with a bit of a kick, dryer. Very tasty but the Scaldis Amber won- smooth, so so smooth. I'm no beer descriptor so idk what else to give you besides YAASSS; absolutely delicious. Strong, hence it's description as a "Belgian Strong Pale"

To eat, I had the glory burger with fries. Fairly basic. I asked for medium rare. Got a bit more cooked than medium. It's okay tho. If it was a REAL bother I woulda spoken up. The ketchup was meh so I asked for another dipping sauce and I settled on the horseradish aioli which definitely helped with the burger. Honestly I'd say the burger was your typical burger. Nothing special. Nothing wrong with it.

The service was fantastic. The bartender super friendly and non judgemental (to my face..... when I asked what LTO meant even tho he'd asked me 25 times if I wanted lettuce tomato onions, he didn't flinch at my stupidity. Oops). 
Addition to my original spheal as I'm writingthis live: that bartender was SO FREAKING AMAZING!!!! and SO nice. As I was contemplating my second drink, he just randomly popped up with a suggestion based on my taste. The Kwak. Obviously to get me to buy more, which I was gonna do anyway, but also this has never happened to me before so I'll take as a random act of super duper niceness. And boy is it one hell of a drink. Basically fell in love with his kindness and his suggestion. And he keeps checking on me. I promise it's only my heart he stole. 
The Kwak is light AF. Tasty but I feel like most of its power and appeal falls under its lightness, and the way you get to drink it. It comes in a wooden holder because, as my LOVELY waiter explained, in the olden days, when men rode their horses and wanted to hold their beers, this wooden holder prevented the beer from spilling. And in fact it does. The bottom of the glass is round so you can't set it down on the table. Gotta use the holder.

I'd def come back. False, I AM coming back. From DC. I am. Their beer menu is extensive! The sign outside says 36 beers on draft. I didn't count ......
Came here for old city eats and was so impressed by this place. It has a very unassuming storefront with a tiny deck and some seating and honestly if I didn't know to find it I would regularly just walk past it. Once you walk in, you'll be pleasantly surprised by how expansive the space is and how minimal and hipster the decor is. They have over 30 beers on tap and a pretty decent food menu selection.

We got a chance to try the black truffle Mac and cheese - couldn't really taste the too much truffle tbh but was still a good Mac. Also tried the black squid ink pasta which was made in house and that was very good as well. We were told their menu rotated seasonally and often intra-seasonally. 

Definitely will be going back to try some more of their food and drinks. I think it's a great spot for a casual group dinner and beers, especially if you plan on going out in old city after.
Great selection of beers. I actually prefer a really good brew to wine and Dave, with two little hints, picked out exactly what I like, a Belgian ale but not so strong and with slight fruity overtones but not sweet or sour. All I said was Belgian and "not strong" and he nailed it. The food is good! Gastropub style, so it's big grilled sandwiches,or  a prime rib with horseradish, or the porchetta sandwich which is a Philadelphia specialty; roast pork melting on broccoli rabe greens with aged provolone. This is "guy food" but there are also small plates, sliders and salads for the lighter eaters. Pleasant dark wood bar with a vinyl record collection. A sort of neighborhood feel on a street with lots of dining choices. Street parking but generally there is someplace to put your car. Public transportation is plentiful so if you don't want to drive, you can get down to Chestnut St in Old City pretty easily. Note: the cobblestones on Chestnut have not been maintained (nothing changes in Philadelphia since I went to school here in the 60's and 70's.) Women, do not wear your spike heels. You'll never make it across the street.
We came to this seemingly hidden gym in the midst of a bunch of highly touted options. The reviews brought me here but the food kept me. My three friends and I agree that it deserved its perfect 5 star rating after eating their famous macaroni and cheese topped with pull pork. To say all 3 items we ordered were unique and scrumptious would be a true assessment. 

Keep doing things right!! Yummy
Came to this pub at the recommendation of a friend, had an amazing time! A huge selection of quality beers, including some rarities. Food was standard bar fair, but taken up a notch. The burger and fries were outstanding. Great crowd, great music, plenty of seating. Everything I could want in a bar. 
If you're in the area, check out Glory Beer Bar.
The food was absolutely terrible. We had the pot pie and the burger. The pot pie is the biggest sham, it is a bland stew with a piece of dough on top. The burger was also bland, uncreative, mediocre at best. Maybe come in for a drink but nothing else.
Another great addition to the neighborhood. An extensive international draft beer list, changing daily specials, and friendly efficient service.  Food is well above what is expected at a bar.  Our lunch included Charred octopus that was perfectly prepared and sauced.  Likewise, the French onion soup and chili were well done.  Dinner menu is a little more extensive.  The restaurant is clean, spacious and simply furnished.  We will be back, often.
Glory Beer Bar hosted our private bridal shower on Saturday afternoon, and it was perfect....from start to finish!  The venue is spacious, but cozy.  The cocktails were specially designed for our group, and they were creative and tasty. The food was delicious and plentiful!  The service was impeccable.  It is clear that customer service is their motto, and they hit the mark!  Pier and Dave were so easy to work with and made planning fun!  They were flexible and accommodating!  My guests could not stop raving about every aspect of the event.  I'll definitely be back and encourage you to check out this very special Old City spot....you won't be disappointed!
Went for happy hour with 2 colleagues intending to stay for a drink or 2 but ended up staying for hours.  The bar area was cozy, and the bartender was attentive.  He came out after the first couple of drink asking us to close out our tab and offered to soften the request with bourbon shots.  Good marketing ploy because we then ordered a couple more rounds of drinks paired with bourbon shots. And the food was amazing.  We ordered a couple of rounds of super tasty lime chipotle wings and perfectly tender octopus.
I made reservations for the Eagles game at 1 pm because I didn't know what to expect. You email Dave@glorybeerbar.com to make reservations (It's on their website).  We were greeted but this guy who turned out to be our server, who had no idea what we were talking about. The reservations weren't necessary, but I expected a friendlier greeting.

The sole reason for this trip was the porchetta sandwich, which I heard was the best pork sandwich in Philadelphia (I saw pictures, and it was beautiful). Glory Beer Bar really came through with the food. I think the "& Kitchen" part of the name is underappreciated. It was almost the size of my head and had an extremely satisfying meat to topping ratio. The meat was well-seasoned, and it had a solid amount of cheese. You have to make a trip here to see this sandwich in all of its Glory!

I understand it's a "beer bar," but everything about the bar was lacking. They don't have any spirits to make simple cocktails other than the few on the menu. The beer menu is better than most bars, but needs improvement if they're going to call themselves a "beer bar." This was one of the few bars that had the Goose Island Bourbon County Brand Stout on tap, but they're missing some big names that are distributing kegs now. I would like to see at least one Russian River IPA, Hill Farmstead, Maine, and more SingleCut. Also, the online menu hadn't been updated in two weeks and was different than what they had. I would like for them to update the beer list more often.
Stopped by for a beer and some food after a visit to the Museum of the American Revolution.  Glory Beer is about a block away from the museum.  It's newer with a great tap beer list.  Enjoyed a WBA Sour from Vermont. Delicious! Lunch menu is small but that is a good thing.  There is something for everyone including vegetarian and vegan selections.  I had the grilled cheese and fries - yummy on this chilly day.  Others had the Glory burger and the Crispy chicken sandwich. Fair prices and the food was good.  Cool rustic decor, lots of seating and a collection of vinyl for your listening pleasure.  TVs over the bar so you don't miss anything. Good service and our food came out fast (mid-afternoon.)
I work for a CPG company and one of my top suppliers wanted to treat me for Happy Hour. He mentioned a place in Olde City where he heard great things about the food and beer -- Glory! I've lived in the city a long time, but tend to hang more in north Philly, so I was interested to try something new. My supplier and I were very impressed; the menu was simple, yet hit on a little something for everyone (I'm a vegetarian). The beer was thoughtfully selected and definitely held its own in a city that is known for fantastic beer options. Our bartender, Chris, was very welcoming, knowledgeable, and attentive the entire time. He even engaged in a home-brewing discussion (inclusive of technical details) with my supplier. Morgan, also behind bar, worked seamlessly with Chris to ensure the full bar and some tables had drinks/food without delay. The environment was a mix of "old school" (see: wooden bar with elbow rest) and industrial. Lowish-lighting (but not too low). Clean bathrooms. Great details. HIGHLY suggest a stop (or two or three) here. I'll definitely be returning! Thanks, Chris and Morgan, for killin' it!
After we spent an afternoon at the Camden aquarium my husband and I, two friends, and our daughters (15 months and 19 months) found this place on yelp and decided to give it a try. Be forewarned, this place isn't exactly for children- meaning I didn't see any high chairs ( also didn't ask), and no kids menu. That being said, we went during the week when it was slow and our children were very welcomed there and we easily found something for them to eat. Our service was amazing, the beer selection was fabulous, and the food was outstanding. Highly recommend the wings. We got the chicken sandwich which was delicious and they make their own ketchup on site with clove spice which was fabulous. Not a fan of anything other than Heinz ketchup? They offer that too. Will definitely be back with our friends when we can score a baby sitter. 

ALSO- have a peanut allergy? We called ahead and they don't cross contaminate. :)
Fantastic place. We ended up here on a Tuesday night and basically had the place to ourselves. The staff went out of their way to provide a welcoming  environment. I do not drink but the rest of the group did. The bartender offered me a mock tail and it was fabulous!  So nice to feel a part of the group!  The food was delicious. Cooked to order. I highly recommend it!
Fav happy hour spot! Happy hour wines are super cheap and awesome. Great cocktail/wine selection for people who don't drink beer. My company had our Christmas party here last year. They made planning it super simple. It's also really clean even the bathrooms. Awesome snacky food. Excited to try the entrees. Melissa behind the bar is awesome. She always remembers what I'm drinking. Best spot in old city
Awesome (and well curated) beer selection with an inviting space. The great pub food ranges from casual to upscale and is priced well for the quality dished out. Music is spun records -freaking awesome!- Staff is great as well!
Now that Eulogy is no longer an Old Town destination (sob!) and given that nature abhors a vacuum, the field seems to be opening up for places like this.  Glory is a friendly establishment with an excellent selection of beers and a small but superb menu. Had the porketta and a small plate or two one Sunday afternoon. Best thing I've eaten in a while. Well worth the visit!
This was a great place for a group. Plenty of space with large tables. Took me some time to choose a beer, the list is huge! Food was delicious. Our waitress was helpful, friendly and patient.
Great experience. Outstanding beer selection matched with equally good food. Very attentive and knowledgeable staff. Recommended for beer lovers and foodies.
Glory Beer Bar has an amazing staff! 

Everyone was extremely helpful and fun to work with and talk to. The atmosphere of the bar is perfect while watching a game, and you'll also have the benefit of access to one of the most extensive beer menus in Philly. 

Not only are the drinks great but the food was all delicious! I definitely recommend ordering the Mac and Cheese!
Excellent beer menu, friendly staff and the food is amazing. There is not a bad thing possible to order. Go here!!
Glory Beer was a nice place - very spacious inside with a cool wood table vibe. The beer and the wine we got were great, as were the appetizers. The staff was very friendly and super helpful (recommending great apps). We got a reservation on Yelp but didn't need it. Overall great experience
Glory has an extremely knowledgeable staff, excellent and unique food to the neighborhood, and a beautiful building with ample space. It's a great location for parties or groups and the staff is nothing but accommodating and friendly. Suitable for vegetarians, vegans, and those who need gluten free, their menu is full of up-scale comfort food and does not disappoint. No one in our party was even close to disappointed by what they got and no one left anything on their plate. 10/10. I'll be back soon!
I've been to Glory Beer Bar & Kitchen a few times and its great! The food is great, especially the wings! They also have an extensive draft list, great manhattans and quality staff. We liked it so much we just booked them for our welcome party the night before our wedding! Come check it out...I'll be at the bar!!
If I still lived in Philly, this would be my go-to beer bar. I can say that with confidence because it is indeed the go-to beer bar for a few of my friends in the city.

As a non-regular, I was treated as an after thought on my second visit with a few friends. Our server was close with my friends, doted on them throughout, and then would start walking away until I said excuse me. It happened several times including when I wanted to pay and was annoying, though not enough to deter a return one day.

Their beer list is stellar, both for drafts and bottles/cans. On my first visit, a friend and I made a reservation and sat streetside. It was perfect weather to be outside. For my second visit (three days later), my friends opted to sit inside since we're all fully vaxed. I didn't order food either visit, but my friends' pita and burger entrees looked great.

Glory has a great location on 2nd and Chestnut in Old City. It served as a nice launching zone for a mini walking tour of my former home. After several years away, it was interesting to view everything in a new light.

You can find their latest beer list on Untappd, which is always convenient. I'm sure I'll be back someday.
Outstanding beer list, great food options, and great service. What more can you ask for?  Great location in Old City, a few blocks from Independence Hall. If you're a beer lover, you will not be disappointed!
If there was an option for a 6th star I would give that to Glory Beer Bar & Kitchen!  I was in search of a bar for a party with around 30-40 guests and this was the perfect spot. Dave helped make the event incredible and customized the food and drink menu for my friends. His expansive knowledge of craft beers helped ensure all of my guests had a beverage they would enjoy. From the Mac n cheese to the crispy chicken sliders, meat and cheese board and roast pork sliders, there was something for everyone's flavor preference. Would definitely recommend this establishment for anyone looking to plan a party or even just for a delicious meal, along with great service. Can't wait to go back!
This review is solely on the draft list at Glory Beer Bar & Kitchen! I can see why the name is Glory Beer Bar because their draft list was on a completely other level! 
I found this place through the Untappd app and I'm glad that I did! This bar had a plethora of 4/5 beer ratings which is super rare since you only expect to see 1 or 2. This place had like 6-7 beers with 4+ ratings from some very high end breweries. I was like a kid in a candy shop it was so hard to choose what beers to try. 
I will most definitely be back when I visit Philly again and for all craft beer connoisseurs this is a must check out spot!
This is place is the shit. The food is amazing (get the chicken pot pie and Mac & cheese). If you're not sure what beer to get, no worries, they'll give you samples and work with your pallet. All the staff are extremely knowledgeable and friendly! I have made this a weekly visit in old city!
I had a great experience here at Glory. The proprietor and other bartenders were friendly and accommodating. They have excellent happy hour beer specials. I enjoyed the wings and a chicken pot pie. These two choices were great on a cold winter Eve. 
If your in Old City stop by! 

Cheers
Didn't look like much when we walked in-stale beer smell and every surface a little tacky-but the food killed. Get the burger. Also my daughter, who has 17 years of mac & cheese under her belt, thought the m&c with pork might be the best she's ever had.
I'm here right now. It's my fourth visit. Four for four on great experiences. Incomparable beer list and knowledgeable staff. Excellent food. Great energy, as bartenders are spinning great music (London Calling, presently). I came with my family on my last visit, and the staff treating us all great, which is no small feat, considering they adeptly accommodated our 1 and 3 year old with their regular clientele. It's a great bar that crosses off a ton of boxes. It's really nice without being pretentious. It can accommodate the most discerning hipster alongside the most uptight young parent. Kudos to Dave, the owner, for creating a fun bar. He knows how to make a client feel welcomed.
Amazing beer selection and delicious food! Our server Chris was outstanding. Friendly, attentive and gave us great suggestions for other places to visit on our trip. So glad we stopped here!
Found this place when I stayed in a hotel around the corner, and I have to say, it's currently my favorite place for beer in Philly. I visit the area twice a year and try to check out new beer bars each time, and this will certainly be one I return to. Awesome selection of beer on tap, and really great service from bartenders who seem to really care about what they're serving, and were interested in chatting about the area and about beer. I had several NE IPA's and sours, and all of them tasted great.
To me, they are the spiritual successor to my favorite bar of all time, Eulogy (which is now closed). And a worthy successor at that.

An excellent and well curated beer list, both draft and bottles. We ordered their beer braised chicken sandwich and their burger. Both were excellent (get bacon on the burger, this joint uses the good stuff). We also got their "macaroni and cheese of the moment", which was extremely tasty. The chives were a nice touch. Their fries were on point too.

The space was open and not at all crowded, though the bar itself was packed. There was a nice variety of both communal and normal (private?) tables available, and a large open spaces to prevent you from feeling claustrophobic.
Wow! This place is amazing! The owner really spent a lot of time talking beer with us and recommended some of the best beer I've ever had! The food was very delicious as well! Super awesome vibe. Can't wait to go back.
My wife and I like to come here on a Sunday afternoon for a few beers before heading out to dinner. We always sit out front and people watch. The girl bartender is very friendly and makes you feel welcome. They have a nice selection of beers. Next we will try the food. We used to go across the street but the bartenders there have no personality and are just doing their job.
The place is a little unassuming... great beer selection. The food is actually quite good! The wings were really nice! A little spicy but very addicting! The Mac and cheese was also very good! Everything we ordered tasted great!
This place is amazingly delicious! The beer selection is ridiculous and the food was definitely on point. We celebrated a bachelorette/bachelor party and everyone especially the bride and groom were pleasantly impressed. Dave was helpful and was able accommodate space for 30 people. I am definitely coming back for sure.  Guys, we even saw fireworks.
Came here late night after picking a friend up from the airport. We ordered Octopus, Wings and a basket of fries along with a few cocktails. The bar was sparsely packed with people along the bar. We sat at the table area. The music was pretty decent. There appeared to be a fairly eclectic group of people throughout which is pretty cool. The service was great and the food was excellent. My one major issue and the reason for 3 stars is that be a mouse scurried across the restaurant floor while we were sitting at the table. I don't know if this was a regular thing but I freaked out just a little bit. It was late, we were tired, and at this point we had already eating our food.
Glory is a must when you are in Philly! Dave curates the best craft list in the city. If you are into beer Glory is your spot! Don't miss out on the wings, burger, or porchetta!
Initial thoughts - 

Service: 5++++
Vibe: 5
Food: 3.5/4 

Our server was really wonderful. She was perfectly attendant to our table. And sometimes it's the little things - she was thoughtful about putting napkins down before placing silverware on the table. Very knowledgeable about the menu as well as all of the various beers. The list is extensive. I am looking forward to coming back to try some more.  

The place is really nicely done (considering how long it was vacant they did a great job). Tons of beer on tap. Everyone was super friendly. And... they spin vinyl!

I had the french onion soup and the grilled octopus. My boyfriend and friend each got the burger. The soup was OUTSTANDING. As I am thinking about it on this gloomy day, I might need to go there today for more. The burgers were also good - prepared perfectly to order. 

The only disappointment was the octopus, which I normally love. It tasted okay but had more of a fish-y smell than I am used to so I didn't finish it. 

I can see myself becoming a regular here and look forward to exploring more of the menu.
Ate here for dinner and for brunch. I had the chicken sandwich which was prepared very well with a delicious side of fries that was perfectly seasoned. I went on to have a grilled cheese sandwich which came with a salad which was equally delicious to the night prior. However, the fries were so food I had to get an extra order of them for my brunch. Overall delicious food and I am very pleased.
Robust, diverse beer selection 
Friendly, outgoing staff
Outrageously tasty food

A friend and I stopped in here on a Sunday afternoon as the Eagles game was wrapping up, hoping for a quality beer selection and decent food, given the good ratings. Instead, we were treated to a beer menu we were thrilled with, and meals we couldn't believe were so mouthwatering. 

The bottle/can listing is really strong, with offerings from local and national micro/nano-brewers, plus Belgians that would be at home on Monk's menu. Meanwhile, draft lines represent fresh offerings primarily from intriguing craft brewers around the nation. I love ordering beers that are harder to find due to their limited distribution, vintage, or similar (I'm an unabashed Untappd dork), and I was completely thrilled with what I found. 

Food - I had a vegan Banh Mi and my buddy had a burger. I needed to keep slowing myself down to savor the food, so strong was my inclination to just house it as fast as I could. My buddy also said the braised brisket sandwich was delectable. Even each of the sauces, the cole slaw, and fries were a treat. 

The environment was open, welcoming, and accommodating to conversation while also taking in the game (emphasis more on enjoying the company you keep versus an overly-loud TV).   All of the staff was attentive, knowledgeable, friendly, funny, and seemingly enthused to be there. 

I'm only in Philadelphia about five times a year, but after such a smashingly successful first try, Glory is now firmly on my repeat-visit list. Outstanding!
Excellent food..drink..and service. Chris was tending bar and so friendly and helpful with his beer recommendations to accompany a delicious  lunch. You must try the crispy porchetta sandwich. It was incredible..savory..and homemade..absolutely a dish I would recommend..drove 1 1/2 hours to eat and drink here on my 59th Birthday..Dave the owner personally welcomed my wife and I  and played my choice of music on vinyl..what a great birthday treat. A special place with special people..Love the service..the food..the atmosphere..and of course the excellent selection of beer..Can't wait for my next day off to come back.
Stopped in for soft opening and have already been back. Great beer selection, plus knowledgeable and friendly bartenders. Wings are a must- looking forward to trying more of the menu items! Hall and Oates themed bathroom was the icing on the cake.
I'm a local Philly guy and don't review anything. I have ventured all over the city. This place amazed my girlfriend and me. Awesome list of beers and food was astounding. The pot pies and Lamb were top notch.
It's hard to believe this place was once the Mad River meet market. They did a pretty remarkable job turning it into a solid spot. When I went for a Friday happy hour, the crowd was still kind of old city broey, but so it goes. Didn't get any food, but the menu looked good. They had a good variety of beers, though as always too IPA heavy. They have an inventive dad joke of a citywide special, a cube of swiss garnishing a shot of rye whiskey. They have draft prosecco as well, though on my visit they warned me away as it wasn't pressurizing properly. Definitely a worthwile spot if you're in the area, though they have some better competition nearby.
Food was super yummy, went here to celebrate a birthday. Place is not non alcoholic beverage friendly. The only thing they serve is cranberry. Otherwise all alcohol. Atmosphere is nice. A good variety of bar from all around. Get the Mac and cheese!!
Stopped in on a whim and really Ike's this place!! I ordered the draft red wine and it was pretty good!! My hubby loves the beer selection here, it was the best in Philly we've seen so far on our trip. My hummus platter was surprisingly fantastic, came with olives and delicious bread. My husband ordered the burger and gave it a 5 star, he loved it. And he's usually very picky with his burgers. We'd definitely come back!
Never have I been to a place with 36 beers on tap and only recognized one!  If you're looking for a place to get a familiar beer this is NOT it.  This is where you go to try beers you've never had and may never see again.  The beer menu is legit and the bartenders were helpful and friendly.  We asked for two sample beers which we both decided to get in a pint.  The selection was fantastic and I will definitely be back.  We didn't get to try food this time but next time we will!  Oh, and also the bathrooms were clean which is always a plus :D
Great bar with some great bartenders. Had a ton of beers on tap. Didn't try the food as I got in later but others there said the food is solid.
I dropped into Glory for a pre-dinner happy hour drink. The HH runs from 4:30-6:30pm and has $4 drink & food specials. The regular prices are a bit high, but on point for Center City. The drinks were good and my beer-loving husband thought that the beer selection was well curated and fun. The space had a good feel and we will definitely return.
