I feel lucky to live so close to this park.  It's incredibly well maintained, in large part thanks to the amazing group of volunteers known as Friends of Gorgas Park.  (Assuming they're also responsible for the incredible variety of flowers growing along Ridge, which I intentionally run by every chance I get.) It feels safe even late at night, and is well lit enough to traverse in the dark. 

Gorgas Park is also home to tons of events, which truly appeal to every age category.  As 20-somethings, we're drawn in by beer gardens, but it's fun to see that mixed with concerts and movie nights. Excited to keep checking out all that Gorgas Park has to offer!
Growing up, this park was kind of a junkie haven (as far as such a thing went in Roxborough). About 15 years ago, maybe even 20, a dedicated mailman named John started to work on the landscaping and build a Friends of Gorgas Park Group. For the last 10 years, the park has been a jewel at the heart of the neighborhood, and the friends group one of the best I've ever seen in action. 

Want a Farmers' Market? got one. Want free outdoor concerts with featured bands ranging from Motown to Celtic to Zydeco to Rock, all of them great? got 'em. Want free movie nights under the stars? got those, too. Need a  great playground to bring your little ones, where there are lots of other well-minded little ones to play with? this is exactly what you've been looking for. Want a place where you can do a comprehensive  and fun fitness bootcamp? Look no further. Need a small, well maintained baseball field for a pick-up game of softball, baseball or whiffle ball? Gorgas is the park for you. A place where your well-trained dog can run free and cavort with other well-socialized canines? just over the hill, you'll find doggie heaven on earth. Need a quiet, shady spot to sit and ponder the sacrifices of our dedicated servicemen and women? The War Memorial is stately and designed for your meditiative satisfaction. Just want to lay in the grass and enjoy the sunshine and cool breeze? Though it may be repetitive, Gorgas park is the place for you.

I have a hard time imagining myself living in any other section of Philly sometimes, and one of the biggest reasons is that I have the creek (pronounced "crick") to my left and Gorgas Park to my right. Who could ask for anything more?
Gorgas Park is a popular park right off of the business district of Roxborough.  It is located near the top of a hill which eventually drops down to the Schuylkill River.  The landscaping here takes into account the hilly site offering meandering paths and sloping green fields.  Some of the man-made edifices only add to this green oasis including a bandstand, an impressive memorial for the guys from this neighborhood who lost their life in World War I, and a park center.  Without being spectacular, Gorgas Park well serves its purpose as a Roxborough retreat.
On the outskirts of Philly, lies the small town of Roxburough, home of Gorgas Park. This place embodies America of the 1950s: kids playing while their parents watch from a nearby bench, dogs and their owners frolicing over the hill, a little league baseball team on the mound. Yes, Gorgas park is one little slice of heaven found on the edge of the Philadelphia metropolis.

We had a photo shoot scheduled there today, but the electric was shut off and the bathrooms were locked. However, a phone call was made and in less than an hour, everything was handled (that's why it's 4 instead of 5, since they knew we were coming). Everyone was pretty respectful and steered clear of our area while we were shooting(except for the random one-off).
Gorgas is unassuming from the street, but it's really huge in terms of size, encompassing almost an entire city block. It sits on Ridge, so you can get to it easily via bus.

The park has beautiful flower beds, a gazebo with lighting where they sometimes have night yoga, a bathroom/snack bar building for special events like outdoor movie night or festivals, and a large playground with swings and climbing equipment. It's a great place for picnics, walking dogs, just generally hanging out under shady trees, etc etc.

Like some other people mentioned, Gorgas has some junkies. Roxborough has a drug problem, everyone who lives there knows it, and I've been there a few times where there's a little baggie or even a needle sharp on the ground. This, clearly, is not ideal if you're going to let your small children run free. My advice would be to just take a quick look around before you let little hands crawl across the ground, but that's also advice I would give in any Philly park shy of Chestnut Hill.

The truly great thing about Gorgas is that the committee that works to better the park is super passionate, and the volunteers who clean it really do try their hardest. If you've ever been in West Philly, I'd say that at night it's safer than Clark Park, and a heck of a lot prettier.
Gorgas Park is a well maintained park in the city.  My daughter loves the playground.  It's all in the shade which I love!  Lots of benches and a gazebo. They host very fun events like concerts and movies, farmers market, and other festivals.  Some gripes I have are that people smoke, which is illegal in the city now.  Some pieces of equipment need to be updated or fixed. The swings could use some WD 40.
I believe this to be the best park in the city, The friends of Gorgas park to a fantastic job of keeping this park in top shape. There are concerts and movies during the summer months. Car shows in the Spring, A farmers market during the growing season. Veterans services through out the year. and Christmas Carolling in the winter. 
This place is a true family park as indicated by the number of families bringing their children to the toddlers park. Always a cool breeze on the top of the hill. A great place to relax or enjoy a break from the rat race.
It use to be a nice well maintained friendly kid / pet park with doggie bags and trash cans but now it's going down hill .
I love our neighborhood park, though probably not as much as my dog. It's large for a city park with lots of hills and interesting spaces for us to explore on our walks. There is a fun play area for kids and a baseball field included. The volunteers do such a great keep the upkeep. There are a cool variety of trees and flowers in bloom during the warmer seasons. There were lots of family friendly events pre covid. Even now, musicians will occasionally set up at the gazebo and play. This park is truly a Roxborough treasure.
