We went on an adventure one Sunday afternoon.  The mission was to find and explore the Grays Ferry Crescent portion of the Schuylkill River Trail.  On opening day earlier in the summer I tried to attend the opening ceremony, but neglected to read the news article fully.  I went to the southern end of the existing Schuylkill River Trail and waited.  Mayor Nutter wasn't there with giant scissors, so I figured a mistake had been made.  After a long talk with Google Maps I found the Grays Ferry Crescent.  It's beautiful!  Wide path, lots of bridges to go under, green green grass, and even fishermen with a TV to watch Sunday football!  It may mean navigating a rough neighborhood, but the Grays Ferry Crescent of the Schuylkill River Trail is well worth it!  Well done Philadelphia Parks and Recreation!
I got lost on my way to Clark Park. 

I took a wrong turn and ended up going over the 34th St. bridge.

Much to my delight and surprise I ended up at Grays Ferry Crescent. I don't think it's officially open yet. It hasn't been fully landscaped, but what they've done so far looks really nice. Seems very well thought out. I'm not usually in this neighborhood, so I can't comment on how it normally is, but today at least it was very serene and peaceful by the river. People who live close by are lucky to have this new addition of greenspace to their neighborhood. I spotted a few people fishing and as I left a couple kids riding in. 

I never made it to Clark Park, but that's OK. I think Grays Ferry Crescent is way nicer.
Great spot to explore and enjoy the river! Was a bit hard to figure out how to access, but then it was much more clear in terms of getting back. This video is suuuuper helpful for instructions: http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=WL0cNQw-8b4&desktop_uri=%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DWL0cNQw-8b4
Black Eyed Susans? Check
Clover? Check
Queen Anne's Lace? Check

If there's one criticism to be spoken of about Grays Ferry Crescent it's the job they've done with the landscaping. I know it's a work in progress and I don't know what their final plans entail, but I'd like to see a little more river and a little less industry. Hopefully when completed this issue will be addressed. 

I enjoy spending time here. It's still very new and underutilized. I hope it lives up to its potential and attracts many people seeking recreation.
