A visit to Greengrows Farms makes me so incredibly happy!! Located in the middle of the thriving Kensington section of the city is this lovely hidden oasis filled with some of the freshest, most delicious, locally grown produce, locally made goods and plants you can imagine! Not only that, but everything is beautifully and so thoughtfully displayed! 

This produce is locally grown which means not only are you 1. Helping out the environment 2. Helping out local farmers, but 3. Helping yourself because the shelf life is much longer. It's the kind of place you will leave feeling satisfied knowing you did just a little bit to make the world a better place.

 I always find the most amazing plump produce here. Some of the biggest blackberries I have ever seen! If you don't see something, just ask the helpful staff. Shisito peppers and heirloom tomatoes are definitely things I wait to purchase here. Gorgeous bouquets of flowers are scattered around making it hard to resist buying a bunch. Don't miss a trip into the greenhouse and a peek into the freezer too! 

Their CSA (Community Supported Agricultural) program is fantastic! You can choose a full or half share and it's available all year round which is something I haven't seen elsewhere. You will pick up your box of the freshest, in season veggies and fruits as well as a protein, be it animal or plant based such as tofu or seitan (your choice). You will also be treated to dairy or other fun prepared foods! You may choose to pick up at this location or the Greensgrows in West Philly, whichever is most convenient for you. It's so fun never knowing exactly what will be in your box! This isn't for everyone but I find the surprise to be exciting and it also pushes you to step out of your comfort zone and be introduced to items you may not have purchased otherwise! You can get more information and sign up on their website! 

I bring the kiddos along who love playing with the house animals! So fun! Since we're schlepping a bit out of the way to get here, we usually then lunch at one of the fantastic nearby restaurants, making for a whole nice afternoon! You can easily park unmetered here and walk down to Memphis Taproom right down the way.  

They have wonderful, informative workshops and amazing beautiful dinners in the garden in warmer weather hosted by their partners Birch Tree Catering. While the tickets to these dinners aren't inexpensive, they look exquisite and definitely something I would love to treat myself to one of these days! Follow Greensgrow on Instagram for the latest news, recipe ideas and pretty pics! 

I couldn't recommend a visit here enough! It's such a feel good community! Check first, I believe they're closed on Mondays and hours change seasonally. We usually do an early weekday visit in the summer.
I'm really torn about Greensgrow. I want to love them unconditionally. I've done the winter and summer CSA's, usually things are great, but every third time or so, i get the feeling that greensgrow somehow doesn't see that people like me invest a significant portion of their food budget in the CSA and actually rely on their shares in order to eat properly.  I've had this review as a draft for a long time and have been hesitant to post it because i really respect their mission, and generally think they are awesome, but i gotta say this:  

My CSA budget is my entire budget for freshies during the year, and i spend it on the CSA because i believe in directly supporting the farmers in our area.  I *don't* see the  CSA pickup as something to sprinkle on top of my luxurious order from whole foods.  I'm looking at you winter share with pretty much nothing but a pack of pierogies and a jar of disgusting overgarliked sauerkraut -- um, Greensgrow -- that means i did not freaking eat for those two weeks!  Summer CSA is a lot better, and the vibe of the pickups is always lovely winter or summer.  So go ahead and do the winter CSA (a bonus is getting milk at each pickup) but buyer beware, and you'll see me buying from the farmstand, not the CSA this winter.
When I moved to Fishtown almost five years ago, I was smitten by Greensgrow. I was happy to have a farm stand a few blocks from my house. I kept telling myself I'd join their CSA program but here we are, years later, and I still haven't joined. Ah well, probably for the best--I haven't been too impressed with the place lately. The quality of the items fall between "Meh, I've experienced better" and "A-OK."

I understand what they're doing as an organization but I feel like the prices for both the farm stand and the nursery are a tad high. It clearly caters to the more well-off, environmentally conscience folks of Fishtown (read: the Newbies to the 'hood, and not those who were born and bred sucking down Arctic Splash). 

I honestly feel like people are being taken for a ride at this place. The other day I saw a pint of Jersey blueberries for $3.99. Um, hi, it's blueberry season right now. They should be MUCH cheaper than that--hell, you can drive your Prius over the bridge to a farm stand and get 3 pints for $2. Just doesn't make sense to me. Maybe the true Fishtownies would trade in their Key pizza slices for some fruit if the prices were a little more blue-collar friendly.

Anyway, I (sort of) respect Greensgrow for their mission but I'd rather buy my fruit and veggies elsewhere. This place is okay for a last minute, the-crisper-is-empty omelet craving: good in a pinch but costly when you're buying a weeks worth of supplies.
In the year I resided in the depths of Old Kensington, proximity to Greensgrow Farm and Johnny Brenda's were the only thing that kept my spirits up while living in that grim place. 

Hitting up the Thursday and Saturday farm markets from early spring through late fall added a vital sense of community to my average day -- raking their locally-grown plum tomatoes into my basket to create a late-summer marinara transported me to the outdoor markets of Rome, where the neighbors never threw things against the wall when the Flyers lost. 

Since they added other farm stands to the market, payment has gotten a bit more scrambled -- it's not always clear who you should pay in person, and what you should take up to the Greensgrow register.  In any case, the staff have always been kind to me, clearly reading my need for some hippy-dippy human contact on a regular basis. 

I've also purchased a variety of potted nursery plants here -- robust, cheap basil plants proliferate all summer.  Greensgrow's homemade pesto is boss, too.  Check it out when you need respite from the reality of the concrete jungle.
We're only seven weeks into our Summer CSA and I can already definitively say I'm a huge fan. Greensgrow sprouts in Kensington, where you'd hardly expect a bit of foliage, let alone a full blown farm.

It was easy enough to get information about the shares and how to sign up. First step: pay for your shares in three installments or all at once. Then get ready to bask in a bounty of healthy fresh produce, local dairy and cheeses, fragrant herbs and little surprises here and there. A full share, which nets you weekly pickups at the farm, is too much of a haul for two people to reasonably eat. We've split our share with one other couple, which works out perfectly. 

Each week I look forward to pulling my car up to the farm's gates; a bizarre juxtaposition of sky-high chain link fence and the lush nursery behind it. I leave with my grocery bag stuffed: half a pound of peaches, a pound of leeks, an entire head of cabbage, sun ripened tomatoes, brown eggs, cheese, all manner of leafy green goodness culled from local sources.

To give you an idea, here's the breakdown for a typical week:
Some type of leafy green (this week we get a choice of baby arugula, spinach or spring mix)
5-7 different vegetables. They usually give a pound or half-pound, or just a one or two for larger items like eggplant.
Fresh fruit. We've had peaches, pints of strawberries, rhubarb, a container of blueberries, etc.
A small block of artisan cheese
A choice of a dozen eggs, yogurt, Amish butter, tofu or seitan.
Sometimes there are surprises, like a pot of wildflower honey or some bread. There are rumors we'll get beer at one point.


Are you getting the picture? The CSA has been a great investment, forcing my boyfriend and I to cook actual dinners with actual vegetables. What a concept!

It's also a good way to try vegetables you're unfamiliar with. Before this, I'd never seen garlic scapes or pickling cucumbers, nor cooked with collard greens or dandelion. My only complaint: the vegetables can get a bit repetitive if you get something for consecutive weeks (especially if it's something you're not fond of).
AMAZING!!! 

That's pretty much all I have to say about Greensgrow Farm.  Greensgrow is an oasis of growing plants, eco-friendly foods, and laid-back smiles in the middle of Philadelphia.  Located on a lot in Kensington, Greensgrow farm may at first seem a little out of place.  But after a little wander through the greenhouses and buildings, you'll see just how well it really does fit in.

This is my first season with Greensgrow, and I dove in big time.  I still haven't come up for air, but I'm not complaining!  I joined their CSA with a half share.  It comes with anywhere from 5-7 veggies or fruits plus a locally made cheese, a meat product (unless you're a vegetarian) and a dairy option.  With a half share, I collect every other week in a process that goes surprisingly smoothly.  In addition to all the fabulous foods, every week I get an e-newsletter with recipes (to tell me how to cook all my new veggies) and farm information (so I know where to get more).  Pick up is on the farm on either Thursday or Saturday, which is a great reason to visit Greensgrow for all the other wonderful things it offers.

On Thursdays and Sundays in the summer, they host a little farmers market with local produce.  They also regularly have locally produced cheese, meats and dairy products.   

But that's not it!  Greensgrow also has tons of plants for your garden or yard available all season.  The plants are all healthy and sturdy AND they have all sorts of different varieties available.  Not to mention, the staff at Greensgrow does an amazing job of answering any of your urban gardening questions.
More people should know about this place, and the fact that people are actually growing food in the city of Philadelphia! Greensgrow has a market for food that they've grown on-site, as well as other local growers, but also sells plants and trees. They've mostly got stuff that wants to be planted otudoors, so if you're looking for house plants go elsewhere.

However, if you go at the right time of year you can fully stock your backyard/ deck garden with herbs, tomatoes, zucchini and other food stuffs. If you don't have a green thumb, then you can simply buy these things at the food stand (thursdays 12-7 and saturdays 10-3, through thanksgiving)! In addition to seasonal produce they also have dairy products and eggs from Lancaster.

The people that work here all have dirt under their finger nails, and are super friendly and willing to give advice on how to make things grow. If you've been thinking about the importance of buying and eating food that is locally grown, you can feel good about going to Greensgrow.
To celebrate the start of the summer CSA season (our 4th year here), I thought now would be a good time to review our Greensgrow experience.  We have done both full & half shares for summer and 2 winter shares.  I love this CSA more than the others we have joined for multiple reasons:

1.  It's in the city, as opposed to a long-ass hike out in the country. 
2.  It supports multiple local farms instead of just one farm
3.  Due to reason #2, there is a greater variety of produce/fruit in the share
4.  You get a meatless protein every week & a "fun" item like beer or honey on occasion
5.  WInter shares also include a meat or extra veggie option
6.  You can take advantage of farmstand at the same time, if you pick up at Greensgrow
7.  They have a huge nursery on site also, as well as animals (Hi Milkshake!!)

We have recently opted for the half-share during the summer, which is actually a full share size that you pick up every other week (instead of every week).  It's a lot of food & our little family can't quite get through the whole thing in a week.  So the half-share is a good option.  Plus, the season is so long (26 weeks?), that a full share can tie you down too much for vacations etc.  The best thing is that you can pick a payment plan option to reduce the burden on your wallet.  I think we pay about $145 in just 3 easy installments (cue TV announcer voice-over here).

If you don't like too much commitment, just skip the CSA route altogether though.  Stop by on a Thursday evening or Saturday morning/afternoon when they have the farmstand going instead.  Cruise around the farm and buy some plants.  They sell baskets and gift-y stuff too.  They also have fun craft fairs & block parties sometimes.
Annuals - 5 stars
Food selection - 3 stars

PLANTS/ ANNUALS

This place has the best selection of annuals at any nursery I have ever been to anywhere. Annuals are expensive everywhere and this place is competitive.  It is cheaper than swank nurseries and about the same price or less than big box Home Depot and Lowe's type nurseries.  All of their plants looked healthy and well cared for.  They had varieties I have never seen before.  It was a true inspiration wandering around so many gorgeous textures and colors.  An hour plant shopping here was more relaxing than getting a massage.  It was a little oasis in the middle of the city.  

I went on a weekday, mid-day and the staff were very friendly and helpful.  What the workers did not know about plants they asked the owners.  They helped me troubleshoot issues with animals munching my herbs.  

FOOD SELECTION

This place touts itself for being so natural and organic and holistic but I found their meat selection crappy and the workers extremely undereducated about their products and giving misinformation about how the meat is raised.  I also bought some arugula pesto that was pretty gross.

I was not here for a farmer's market.  I was here on a regular weekday and happy to find an entire freezer of meats.  I asked one of the workers if any meats are organic and she said everything they sell is organic in the meat freezer.  But when I looked at the packaging, I was suspicious.  I asked another person who worked there and she had to call someone on the phone to ask them.  They used terms like "all natural" and "hormone free".  Those terms usually don't mean anything, especially when it comes to birds, which are required by law to be hormone free.  I don't care if something is not certified organic, I just like to buy low pesticide meats and these didn't seem to be that.  If you don't sell organic meat, fine.  Just be honest about what you do sell.
Greensgrow: Gardener's Paradise in Kensington

Don't buy another plant at a big box store. If you live anywhere near Philadelphia, check out Greensgrow for all of your gardening needs and more.

The folks at Greensgrow have created a beautiful oasis in the middle of Kensington, an overwhelmingly concrete, somewhat dodgy (though definitely on the rise) neighborhood. Greensgrow is a community of local business owners, farmers, and consumers who enjoy the finest fresh products in the region. It's a market that caters to a sophisticated consumer who is looking for more than just fruit and vegetables. Perhaps best of all, it is a non-profit organization.

I came for the plants. The inventory here is impressive. They pack a lot into a space that is the perfect size: native flowering perennials; grasses; fruit trees; tropicals; water garden plants; heirloom vegetables; annuals; succulents; organic soil; beautiful decorative pots, planters, and bird baths; and an impressive variety of culinary herbs. I was looking for perennials, and I found unique varieties one normally doesn't see at nurseries (Spiranthes Odorata, Meehan's Mint, or Blue-eyed Grass, anyone?) alongside those most favored (Black-eyed susan, lillies, and three kinds of coneflowers).

The workers are very friendly and helpful. Unlike the employees at many large nurseries or big box stores, they seem genuinely happy to be there, and they actually know about the plants they are selling.

Another thing to love about Greensgrow is that they support local businesses and farmers--just have a look at the tag on a plant; most of those I looked at were grown in Pennsylvania. And you'll find all kinds of local goodies at the farmstand.

After checking out the plants, do your shopping at the farmstand. Greensgrow provides free range eggs, yogurt, butter, and artisan cheeses from Lancaster County; tofu made in nearby Fairmount; hormone free, pastured meats from local farms; and their own "Honey from the Hood." Pequa Valley yogurt is the finest I've ever tasted in this country, and it is available here.

And if you get snacky, you can buy a cider donut and enjoy it with your complimentary, high quality coffee.

If you are interested in gardening, Greensgrow offers classes too--the place is a magnet for those who think that green living is important.

Consider becoming a member of Greensgrow's CSA (Community Supported Agriculture). Consumers buy a share, and each week get a box of produce and fruit produced on the farm.

Greensgrow's vision: "to be a profitable, urban, green business dedicated to growing the best products, people and neighborhoods. We take our vision very seriously and work hard to make Greensgrow a good neighbor, a good place to shop, and a good place to work."

How many places can claim that?

It may seem odd to drive into one of the most treeless parts of the city to buy flowers and farm-fresh food, but wait till you see this place. It has a great vibe: young people, older people, and families greeting each other, chatting with strangers, and checking out all the beautiful plants. Be a part of it. You'll love it.

Greensgrow is easily accessible from 95. 

They have a great website with all kinds of information about who they are and what they offer:
http://www.greensgrow.org/
I've been to Greensgrow before, but after the long winter, the first trip back in Spring is a true occasion. To take advantage of the pretty weather and ever-fleeting urge to be productive, I coerced the boy downtown to pick up plants from Greensgrow Farm. 

The nursery was amazing - tons of plants and seedlings and trees and herbs out and for the planting. I picked up arugula, cilantro, rosemary, fennel, leeks, orengano, orange mint, mint, strawberries, plus blackberries and blueberries bushes. We also picked up some eggs and coffee, although the market won't be fully functional for a few more weeks.

It was our first trip down there this season and since signing up for the Greensgrow Summer CSA, so to say that I skipped into their front gates is probably completely embarrassing and accurate. I can't wait! until our CSA starts, and I get to be down here ever week. This place is just Philly at it's finest.
I first toured Greensgrow a few years ago as part of a tour of different areas of the city.  I thought it was fantastic then, but I think its even more fantastic now that I've joined the CSA this year!

The CSA is terrific.  My share this week was my impetus to write.  We got farm fresh eggs, meunster cheese, corn, potatoes, apricots, peaches, the biggest cabbage I've ever seen, mint, blueberries, and probably something else that I'm forgetting.  

The CSA has been a wonderful experience, and I HIGHLY recommend it to anyone who is thinking about joining.  It has forced me to be more creative in my cooking and eating, and I'm loving it.  

If I ever develop a green thumb, I'll head here for my gardening needs as well.
1. Greensgrow has a great selection of all the plants you will ever need: herbs, veggies, trees, bulbs, seeds, annuals and perennials. 

2. They stock fresh and delicious meats, dairy products and prepared foods from local producers. The turkey burgers are amazing.

3. As an urban garden and CSA center, Greensgrow brings a great level of commerce and pride to their Kensington neighborhood. Shop here for your plants and support this community business.
Such a cute place and the people who work here are so nice. I always forget that the farm stand isn't always open, however last time I showed up on a non-farmstand day looking for an obscure vegetable, the gentleman working there kindly went into their stock and found it for me so I wouldn't have to wait an extra day to mess around in my kitchen. What a guy! 
I've done their CSAs as well and it's so fun getting to look forward to a little surprise each week! They also send you emails with recipes you could make with the items in your box, although I usually just came up with my own ways to use them. I didn't participate this season but I definitely plan to again in the future.
I love this place.  One, it's a farm in my neighborhood in the middle of the city; two, they have everything you would want for your flower/plant/garden needs; three, I think they have a better selection and quality then a home depot or lowe's; four, it's all local and therefore fresh, not grown in china or some other far away (and maybe mythical) place; five, the prices were/are great, I got habanero plants, strawberry plant, some spring mix salad and bread for under $10.  

All in all, it was a great experience and I'm going back soon to fill out the window boxes and add some more plants in the back; I'm thinking a grape vine and maybe an elderberry tree.  Yum!
The CSA is nice.  The selection of veggies for the garden is terrific, albeit a tad expensive.  The chickens roaming around is cute.  The staff are always friendly.

The negatives....
I do have a problem with $20 minimum charge to use a card here....that is the highest minimum charge I have ever encountered.

I also think the CSA represented a fair value when it included meat, and it is likely this will be my last year joining the CSA here...although I will still continue to buy my plants and starter veggies for my garden here.
Immediately I was taken by this hidden jewel! 

A farm? In Fishtown/Kensington? Uh...ok. 

Wow! What a gem! They have everything from your basic pansies to incredible varieties of herbs. Heirloom and traditional plants make the biodiversity of your yard a treat for pollinators and birds. Speaking of which, these plants aren't treated with any harmful chemicals so you can confidently put them in your yard knowing that you are doing your part to maintain a healthy eco system! 

The staff was friendly, helpful and really perfect. 

There is so much more to this farm than just a basic place to pick up plants. They have local foods, succulent plants (such a beautiful variety!) and baby chicks!!

If you are interested in a CSA, you can get information there as well as pick up at this location.

There are seasonal events, and I believe a pig and some other animals later in the season for children  (and adults!) to enjoy.

So exciting to know Greensgrow is here. I will absolutely be back many times for sure.

Who needs those poisonous plants from Lowes or HD when you can have such a gorgeous and reasonably priced selection here!
This is my second year shopping at the farmstand and my 1st year as a CSA member.  Greensgrow is a great place to pick up fresh & seasonal produce, plants, herbs, soil, cheese, coffee, honey, bread, tofu...and the list goes on! My bf & I split the half-share (every other week) CSA with my friend & her husband and it's still a lot of food.  I find myself furiously googling the best method for keeping a bunch of kale fresh, or what the hell to do with rainbow chard.  It definitely forces you to be more creative with your cooking.  I find that I'm eating less takeout and eating a greater variety of veggies. Plus it's great to support local farms!
If you are really into locally grown produce, and are willing to pay more for less then this is probably a good place for you.  As far as produce goes, I think I'd personally rather shop for local/seasonal items at my nearest Wegmans.

One thing they do have (that my wife loves) is pastured eggs (big difference here between that and "organic" or "free-range").  They are way more expensive than "regular" eggs, but there is definitely a difference.  The yolks are a healthy orange instead of a sickly yellow and you can leave them out on the counter for weeks without them going bad.
Greensgrow is not what it used to be. Up until a couple of years ago I could rely on them for the staples of my diet: milk, eggs, yogurt, meat, and fruits and vegetables in season. I'm not sure if it has anything to do with Mary's death almost two years ago, or if it's because there's too much competition these days with other places to buy local, organic food, but Greensgrow no longer comes even close to meeting my needs.

I thought that by now, the middle of June, the place should be really hopping, and that there would be a nice, full farm stand. I went this past Thursday, and found only one very small counter of produce, literally only six different products, the only ones of interest to me being strawberries and some not very exciting tomatoes. There were no labels or prices on any of them, when everything used to always be well-labeled. And Thursdays were as busy as Saturdays; always lots of people working, lots of customers, lots of people picking up their CSA shares, and usually some extra stands with someone selling olive oil or some specialty foods or condiments.

This week there was no Metropolitan bread, no Philly Muffins, no lettuce or radishes or green beans, not a single carton of eggs or bottle of milk or package of butter or cheese or yogurt in the cooler, nothing in the meat freezer except a few packages of ground turkey and one package of chicken sausages, and the reason was obvious: no customers to buy any of it. I suppose there were no customers because they have already learned what I just did, namely, that there's nothing there to buy.

I asked the girl at the cash register where they were keeping the milk and eggs now, assuming that there must be another cooler somewhere else, but she said, "If we had any, they'd be there." When I asked her why they didn't, because it used to be that they would make sure they were well-stocked for Thursday farm stands, she shrugged and airily said she had no idea. And I'm afraid I mean that in the sense of airhead -- I used to know all the people who worked there, but now I only see new ones who never know anything when you ask them. I only saw two other people there: one buying some plants, and one who appeared to be working, though I couldn't tell what it was she was doing. 

Apparently the place is not much more now than a nursery, and much as I have loved their farm stands and milk, meat, and eggs, I have never been impressed by the quality of their plants. Practically everything I've ever bought there has died, while the same varieties of things (annuals and herbs, mostly) that I bought other places have thrived in my planters and garden.

I'm afraid I will not be shopping at Greensgrow anymore. It makes me sad, both because it was so convenient for me living in Port Richmond, and because I was very happy to support such a hyper-local enterprise. There were people working there whom I really liked, who acted happy to see me every week, who knew a lot about the food they were selling, who made the experience of going to Greensgrow fun and fulfilling. Alas, no more.
A premier farm and farmers' market. Great CSA if you want good, local, and organic goods. Did it for two years and benefited greatly, felt stretched and committed to cooking.You get what you pay for.

It's a great presence in the neighborhood and community too, has a great reputation nationally as well. 

Good for starters as well--bought everything I need for our herb garden there today. Good prices for gardening needs.
I love Greensgrow. It has been around for decades and revolutionary part of urban farming and gardening. They have an amazing selection of ornamental and edible plants including shrubs and young trees. Prices are reasonable. I live in SWCC and this is my favorite place to shop for my garden.
I fully understand the non-profit/community aspect, but selling a bag of potting soil for $19.99 when the same bag costs $9.99 at Whole Foods goes beyond common sense.
I love Greensgrow! their plants are super healthy and their staff is very helpful.

My friend first took me to Greensgrow 2 years ago, and we found all sorts of beautiful plants for her garden. She also showed me how they have a deal where you can get a box of produce, and if you are low income or on SNAP, you qualify for a special produce program that they do. It's pretty neat, especially for the Northeast Philadelphia Region. 

Greensgrow also has animals, and if you are really nice to the staff, they might let your children pet them! Its this cool and lively urban garden meets farm in Kensington that is very much its own unique entity.

I have continued to go to Greensgrow ever since, and I have never had a negative experience there. I look forward to going in a couple weeks to get some nice things for my backyard. I definitely recommend this place- especially if you are new and just getting into gardening! Their staff will talk to you about the plants and let you know what may be best for your gardening situation.
We love and support Greensgrow.  My 5 year old's class took a wonderful field trip here - and kids need to know about farming and Urban farming.

It is very important that we support locavore ventures and sustainable agriculture.

Go, Grennsgrow!
I've lived in the 19125 for close to 2 years (minus a couple months) and yesterday was my FIRST time at Greensgrow. 

I was hoping they had their farmers market open, but I didn't do my research before my boyfriend and I took a stroll down the street to Greensgrow and (wompwomp) Sunday's are not their farmers market days apparently. We decided to stay, though, and window shop for ideas of what we may want to put in our backyard (we're fixing up our backyard...or I should say my boyfriend is). I wouldn't say I'm well versed in plants, but it seemed like there was a pretty large selection of beautiful herbs, vegetables, trees, flowers, and the like.

There's also a cage with a pig and chickens. I know that's usually the part the kids like, but I'm a kid at heart.

You can also grab local cheese, milk, etc. from here on a regular basis without the farmer's market.

I'll be back to Greensgrow to get my thumb green as soon as our backyard is ready for it.
How do you rate an urban farm? Just the concept of bringing fresh plants and produce, sustainable farming practices, and jobs into the community like Greensgrow does is enough to give it an A+ in my book. They sell delicious, locally produced bakery, dairy, and deli items as well. High five, guys.
In these days of FDA tomato warnings and insane fuel prices, isn't it great to know your food came from a real farmer who lives in your area?  When you support local sustainable agriculture, you get the best-tasting fresh healthy food, you support the local economy, and you encourage farming practices that are better for the earth.  Everyone wins!!

The CSA (city supported agriculture) share is an amazing deal for anyone who loves food.  The shares sell out early in the spring, so sign up for their email list and send in your deposit as soon as they announce CSA shares are available.  I PROMISE you won't be disappointed.
I love that Greensgrow is within walking distance of my house. It was one of the first places I went to when I moved here almost 3 years ago and I continued to be impressed by their selection and community involvement.

I split a half share with their CSA with a friend this year, which is more than enough for 2 people to split. I do wish that they hadn't done away with the meat in the CSA for the prepared foods, which I believe, out of 6 shares, we've only gotten prepared foods once so far. 

I dock a star only because I rarely have a memorable interaction with the staff. I can't figure out if it's because other people are asking dumb questions, if they're just miserably hot, or if they just get sick of people asking questions. I rarely get a smile out of anyone I speak to! Granted, most of the time I just show up, check off our name, grab our share, and leave, but a simple "hello" from the staff when walking up would be nice.
Really high quality food and plants.  They care about the neighborhood and are paving the way for urban farming.  I'm pumped that a national example is in my backyard.  The annual events they throw are a party!

Prices are high, but still reasonable when you consider the quality and ethics supports by shopping here.  The farmers market really brings in some great vendors and products.

The CSA is good, but it's not for everyone.  You need to understand how much food you'll be getting and the kind of commitment involved.

This is also an excellent place to get your Christmas tree.
I'm so excited! SO EXCITED. 

So I've been flirting with the idea of joining a CSA for a few years now, and finally this year- I am doing it! I did my research, searched for one that would fit exactly what I was looking for and tadah! Greensgrows over and over again seemed to be the place I should join. Now, it hasn't started yet but I've already been up to the farm a handful of times and I have to say for it's location and the amount of stuff they have - I was extremely impressed.

Last night I attended their CSA members orientation party and it was a great time! they had free locally grown food stuffs- and free local beer! yay beer! Basically I am very excited for my CSA to start in a week or so, and I will definitely update once it has- currently, I believe this will be the start of a very meaningful relationship.
I am a member of their CSA (half share) and it's worked out very well so far. My partner and I have rarely had to get someone else to pick up our share and when we have, the folks @ Greensgrow are very helpful. I've bought plants, flowers, and food from them at great prices and they have helped beautify my backyard and fill my belly with locally grown goods. I even bought a house in their neighborhood to be closer to them! Their staff is knowledgeable and generally happy to help, even when it's crazy busy! Their farmers' market is great, too, giving us a chance to sample other farmers' goods. I really believe in what their doing to support the neighborhood around them.
This place was my equivalent to taking a deep breath. My neurons were sparked into joy when I stood inside this "urban farm" surrounded by an abundance of plants. Chickens pecked. The cutie pig Milkshake snorted at my hands for food. I purchased one too many succulents. I contemplated starting a garden in a space I do not have. It was like an escape from city life without having to go too far. Fantastic.
This place is great! We love it! It's a farm & nursery all in one place. Great atmosphere! Everyone here were friendly, polite, & knowledgeable. You can tell that they're very passionate at what they do. It's great to have a place like this in the city. The prices for the plants were also pretty good. You can find anything from flowers to vegetable plants & all other gardening stuff. 

For all your gardening needs, stop by this place! It's definitely worth visiting.
i have been a CSA member at greensgrow for a few seasons (2 summer going on my 3rd, 1 winter) and as another reviewer put it "i'm really torn".  ideally, i would give them 3.5 stars, but i'm going to err on the side of positivity because i appreciate what they stand for.  that being said, i've seen what looks like a slight decline in their products and services over the past 3 years - mostly regarding the CSA.

they've slowly been updating their credit card system and website so i see the forward momentum, but the $20 minimum on credit card purchases at the farm stand is rough - if i'm only looking to make a small purchase of $4-5, i would likely find something else to make a $10 minimum, but with the $20 i simply don't buy anything...

also, i believe that the winter CSA share is not what it should be.  the shares are small and could be supplemented by so many other good options available in the market (soap, coffee, etc) but are rarely that inspired.  they recently dropped their summer shares' cheese allotment from the oh-so-glorious once-a-week to once-every-three-weeks... not a deal-breaker for me, but it is a bummer for sure and i hope that they at least supplement that change with an extra fruit or veggie (we'll see).

all in all, most everyone at the farm is incredibly helpful and friendly, the food is always very fresh and lively and the plants are reasonably priced and are good quality.  greensgrow is an excellent part of the community and i hope they stick around.
What can I say that has not been already.  Very cool urban farm in my neighborhood that promotes buying local.  I have bought plantings (herbs mostly) from here each spring for my own backyard garden and they always thrive.  Actually my mint plant has grown at an INSANE rate - i could not give it away fast enough.  Here it is December and it is STILL thriving!  Overall their plants are healthy and the selection is impressive.  They even have dwarf citrus plants that I am trying to get the courage up to buy.

This is the second winter I have belonged to the CSA.  Last year it was great and they were wonderful at accommodating my temporary inability to consume raw dairy (i was preggo at the time and the cheese option was usually made with raw cheese).   I haven't done the summer CSA (rather just goto a farmers market) but I can only assume it is awesome.  The winter CSA is more then enough for my husband and I for the two weeks and I only supplement the fruit/veggies a bit.

In addition to the CSA they have a farmstand.  So you can supplement your CSA share or just skip the CSA and buy as you need.

Try it - you'll like it!
The CSA means I don't have to spend an hour in the produce section of SuperFresh trying to figure out what I want to eat this week. It also means I get to maintain an air of hipster superiority, and you can't put a price on that.
I won tickets to the Heirloom Happy Hour event here. Normally, it would have been $10 per person which isn't a bad price of admission for the amount of alcohol one could score during this event. 

We started out by sampling the fresh sliced apples from Beechwood Orchards which were sweet and crisp. Next up, I had a cup of ginger cider from Philadelphia Brewing Company which was very nice and dry. I normally do not love cider, but I do love ginger and the beverage was like a non-sweet ginger ale. 

Once I spotted the harder stuff, I moved on to Philadelphia Distillery's table. I tried a couple of their mixed drinks, especially loving the Vodka/apple cider cocktail. 

Finally, we strolled through all the gorgeous greenery and fruits and vegetables, through to the back where they house some rescued animals. So sweet! Especially loved the pig, Milkshake, and the duck, Ping. 

If they have this event again, I would definitely recommend checking it out!
for any city gardener, greensgrow is your go-to garden place!  ok, even suburban gardeners, you're allowed too.  i used to drive to this place from ardmore.  luckily, i live closer now -- south philly.  even luckier, i have a community garden plot to fill with goodies from greensgrow!   

greensgrow is an oasis in the middle of a working class philly neighborhood -- plants, flowers, pots, soil, tools, food, a composting toilet!  they have it all.   fill your window boxes, garden plots, potted patios with goodness from this urban farm.  shop at their farmer's market.  spend your money locally!
Oh Greensgrow, how I love you. You are a shining oasis of plant life in the middle of Kensington. You have live chickens and a pig named Milkshake. Your farmers market is beyond delightful. I love your fresh cheeses and pickled anything. I was here today and you were roasting peppers on site. ROASTING PEPPERS ON SITE!!! I can bring my dog here and she'll smell every single plant you have, which is like a billion (of course I exaggerate, but the selection is amazing). Everything smells awesome here and everyone I've ever talked to that works here is super nice and knowledgeable. If I could live inside Greensgrow without being arrested for trespassing, I would.
I've got nothing but love for greensgrow.  it is local... and well, it's a freaking garden/ farm in the city!  who needs the burbs anyway?  

i love supporting the neighborhood and local farmers.  fresh food, friendly staff, lots of flowers, plant, veggie and herb options.  Oh, and....  the csa is WONDERFUL (if you are a veggie lover like me)!!
Ok, so I know that a lot of people say that Greensgrow is a little too bougie for an urban farm. Well, those losers can say whatever they want. When I recently stopped by the farm to buy some pretty flowers to plant at my office, the staff was so, sooo nice that I will definitely be coming back. Since I have little to compare their prices to, other than the greenhouses where I grew up in the boonies of Western Maryland (that were so cheap they might've paid YOU to take things off their hands), I couldn't really say what was priced "right". I was really happy with the selection though and felt that there were more options than I was expecting. Plus (and this is a big and awesome plus), they have beer starter. BEER. I mean, crap... you've just made your farm crush the competition. You introduced beer (even if it's beer-making) into the equation. Right on.
Awesome place to buy fresh produce, meats, eggs, and basically most things you'd need for a delicious home cooked meal. They also sell flowers and plants. Great prices, and delicious fresh fruits and veggies!
These folks know their $h!T, er, I mean fertilizer!!! They have been very helpful every time I have been at their business. They know plants and they have a lovely duck who is the sweetest guy. I dig him and I make sure I go by and check in with him every time.

The last time I was there I plunked down a benjamin on pots and plants and organic potting soil. After all their help and advice, if I kill the plants, it's not their fault. 

If you need more plants for your place, and who doesn't, head out to Greensgrow farms and they will set you up plant, pot and soil.

TIP: If you need pots go in the spring and early summer. They are tapped out of pots by July.
Greensgrow is incredible!  I am particularly a fan of their variety in the flowering shade section (which most places don't have)  prices are excellent too.
Greensgrow is the best thing about Fishtown/kensington. I moved to Port Richmond 6 years ago and felt like a lost soul until Greensgrow sprang up and made itself known. Even if you don't stop by every week, it's *there*, as a locus of all that is local/farm fresh/foodie friendly. They also have programs to welcome food stamps & educate people about making healthy cooking choices, etc. Bravo! I love their workshop offerings too, such as fermenting foods, preserving foods, worm composting, etc.

When I have done the CSAin the past, I've loved it. It's got much more selection and diversity than most CSA shares and amounts to about $35/week. The half share was *fine* for my family of 3. If you prefer to just catch the farmer's markets, you will find yourself equally pleased. In fact, you can do all of your staple shopping at Greensgrow, getting dairy, meats, eggs, awesome local cheeses, hummus, bread, etc, in addition to beautiful veggies sourced from the area. Not all is organic, mind you, but still. It's not in the least bit bougie. I don't know who said something as idiotic as that. Sometimes they have additional vendors although I'm not sure how having additional farmers at the markets (as in year's past) has helped, b/c they are essentially competing with each other. Having a farmer selling meat products, etc, IS a great idea and I love when I happen to catch that happy event. 

Of course the Garden Center part of Greensgrow is also great and most welcome. I wish they had more diversity in the herb department, but I know a small garden center can only do so much. Maybe provide more herb Seeds? 

someone said the prices are outrageous. They're not. They are perfectly reasonable, esp considering greensgrow is a 'middle man' for much of its produce. It's of SUCH better quality than supermarket offerings, I can't imagine why anyone is complaining. Thank you Mary for bringing Greensgrow to us!
This review is in regards to the actual Farm/nursery and not the CSA or farmer's market (which is also 5 stars!!).

The Hubs and I recently hit up Greensgrow to take care of our urban gardening needs.  Going in, I was a little worried about prices.  Leaving, I couldn't have been happier.

Aside from its novelty (a farm IN Kensington with chickens, a pig, bees, and even hops for Philly Brewing Co), Greensgrow is staffed with knowledgeable individuals who love what they do.  And I love what they do!  We came home with 4 heirloom tomato starts, a pepper plant, 3 different basils, a curry plant, trailing rosemary, several terracotta pots, lots and lots of coleus plants, and a large tropical all for $60.

I've also had past experiences with their very affordable workshops.  From canning, to rain barrels, to vertical gardens, they do it all.  LOVE Greensgrow!
We joined the CSA last spring and it has been an awesome treat every two weeks. The produce is top-notch: I promise you have never had such delicious grapes and strawberries until you eat the just-picked ones you'll find in the summer! And as someone who loves to cook, it's fun for me to experiment with all the different vegetables, fruits, and cheeses in our share. As long as everything in your share gets put to use before it goes bad, it's quite a bargain. 

From a customer service standpoint, I have nothing but rave reviews. The folks who manage the farm and the CSA are super organized about communications and billing, and in person, everybody there is friendly and helpful. Picking up our share every other Saturday is genuinely a positive experience that I look forward to, not just because of what's in the share but because of the pleasant feeling I get from visiting the farm. 

If you are a picky eater or don't like to cook or can't count on picking up your share at the farm, then the CSA isn't for you- but you can always check out their farmer's market!
When my mom from Upstate NY raves on about the selection and takes plants home 5 1/2 hours, you know Greensgrow is not only a great resource for the city but a great garden and produce center in general!

I wait until Greensgrow opens every year and purchase through them rather than getting subpar, underwatered plants from Home Depot or Lowe's.   There is a very friendly staff willing to help answer your every little question.  

I love the wagons at the front of Greensgrow that make getting a ton of plants a cinch.  Also, don't skip the pots and the vintage table/chair sets that are pretty reasonably priced and look like you've pulled them out of Anthropologie for 8 times the price.  

The food co-op is great though not being much of a cook myself, I let my membership lapse.  The price is really reasonable considering the bulk of what you get and every week they switch it up.  You can get a half share or whole share and I'll leave the details to someone else who is currently a member.

If you're not a member of the co-op, fear not.  They have a garden stand open that not only has fruits and veggies but a cooler that features area yogurts, meats, cheeses...and dry goods like Metropolitan bread and Copa soaps made in Fishtown.  

All around, it's a great resource for Philly and I'm lucky to have it only a handful of blocks from my house!
