It's a dog park. With a 19 page membership application. I think that says it all. Read through the application if you want to get a feel for what you're in for here.
The park itself is nice enough, with some poor planning. There is no shaded area, and numerous dogs have had problems walking on the turf in the summer when it gets extremely hot and hurts their paws. 

The excessive rules are ridiculous and stalin-esque in their implementation and fabrication. Management tries to make new rules out of the blue when they feel like it, which are not part of the contract you sign initially. 

The worst part of this park is management. Aside from Dave, one of the employees, management is a joke. They're a bunch of locals who let the "power" get to their heads. They engage in breed discrimination. I have witnessed several instances of this with my dog, and dogs of similar breeds. When addressing "concerns," they do so in a dictatorial way without any interaction. When called on their lies, they ignore email inquiries for over 3 weeks, and the phone number on their website goes directly to fax. This is a joke. After paying a membership fee and being accepted, I expected equal treatment for all members. Rather than running like any good business, this park runs like a high school playground, where favorites are preferred and management knows little to nothing about dog care and safety. Pathetic.
Great place for your Dog, and a great Dog Park for the Neighborhood"
From our Dog's Perspective, Great Place to Socialize with friends from the Area"
Happy Neighbors!
The worst. More of a doggy retirement center than a dog park. Their rule list spans several pages including rules like "no barking" and "take your dog for a walk before coming to park to burn of extra energy," and about 100 other obtuse and snooty rules. The members actually tattle on each other for breaking the rules too. Not for a chill dog owner or dogs who actually enjoy playing with other dogs. 

I would only recommend for you if you have ever yelled at another person's dog at a dog park or if you get uptight when other dogs try to play with your dog. This dog park was made for people like that.

Otherwise, for the chill dog parent with the fun dog -every other dog park in the city is so much better!
