I want to say I hated this tour. But I'm not a hater type of a person.
I went on the tour this past Saturday. All of the reviews for that
night are how I would describe it. My friends and I actually stayed
for the whole thing!  What a waste of my Saturday night.

But adding another bash on this tour isn't going to help and will
sound like a broken record.  So I'm going to give Grim Philly some
tips and I hope the professor from Ryder university reads this.

First. this tour gets the wrong impression from the get go.  I thought
this was a ghost tour and towards the middle of the tour I kept saying
to myself when the eff is this guy going to tell me a ghost story. My
friend looked up their website on her phone and read me the
description. I then realized this was a grim tour, not a ghost tour at
all.  So this tour is more of the historical and darker side of
Philly. Once I realized that fact, I wasn't hating on the tour as much
as I was in the beginning. Professor, you should state that upfront
before the tour is about to start.

Second, don't bash on other tour companies. People can judge for
themselves whether your tour is better or not.

3. At the end of the tour, don't ask for tips on behalf of your helper
by mentioning she's not getting paid. That just makes you sound
desperate. Simply say tips are welcome.

4.  Take us to the actual location and then tell the story! Don't stay
put in the middle of the block and tell us to look across the busy
street and say there were slaves over there.  Instead, take me across
the street and then tell me to sit down and pretend I'm in the
bathroom. (the washington house was a ladies bathroom before) And then
you can go ahead and tell us a story about how george washington hid
his slaves in this exact spot.   If that is how the tour started, I
would have been shitting my pants at that moment thinking oh crap, 200
years ago, there were slaves right here. Maybe there are still ghosts
here haunting the place.

Another example: Dont say to us down the street and around the corner
there used to be a brothel.  Take me to the exact spot, pull out 75
cents and say to us that at this very spot in 1780, you could have
gotten a hooker for this amount right in this building. Make me
pretend your assistant guide is a hooker and for only 75 cents, I
could have gotten syphilis from her. It's a gross thought. I know. But
it would have been scary cool to think so.

5. Screw the sources. If it is required to cite sources, fine. But if
sources aren't needed then does anyone really give 2 shits if it is
true or not? Engage your audience and just pretend with us there used
to be a ghost or someone died right underneath our feet just so we can
go home scared and think wow, Philadelphia has people buried in the
same park I walk through everyday.
I'm all about discovering the best of philly, and falling in love again, and again and again. 
I'm passionate about exploring my own backyard, and satisfy my itch of curiosity- FOR LESS! 
Also, I'm aware that nothing compares to the pleasure of a fun local tour.

I've attended at least three tours already, and all of the tour guides were super fun, very informative.
 - Pirates and the Jersey Devil Riverboat Cruise: SPOOKY and interesting. At night.
 - Bootlegger's Ball Prohibition Pub Crawl: Historic, gritty, and also, interesting. During the day.
 - RAW Culture. 
 
Pro Tip:
Grim tours aren't too expensive, but saving more money won't hurt. Look and purchase discounted tickets through Groupon or LivingSocial. 

Four Yelps.
Whoa, good thing I didn't read reviews on here before buying the Dealyo for it. My boyfriend and I went last Sunday, and we really enjoyed it. My boyfriend was really not optimistic about it and was complaining prior to going, and while we were standing around waiting for it to start, but at the end, he said, "That was pretty cool," which is pretty much the biggest compliment you'll get out of him. 

I don't know why there's so much negativity, except that I guess, as someone else pointed out, Groupon marketed this as a ghost tour. Joe made clear at the beginning that though there are two ghost stories included in it, along with a lot of other cool stories about hookers, jails, dead bodies in Washington Square park (lots of them), and all sorts of other interesting tidbits that they definitely don't tell you in history class. 

My boyfriend also liked that Joe cited his sources for some more outlandish stories. I think that's what separates him from the rest of the ghost tour scene (though again, this is NOT solely a ghost tour), and it definitely made it a little more academic though not boring at all. 

The only downside was that there were some guest guides as well who told a couple stories. They were just OK, but not as interesting to listen to as Joe (and also, they weren't using a microphone like he was, so you couldn't really hear them too well. I missed one of the stories entirely because the girl wasn't speaking up enough.) Also, I enjoyed the hooker stories the most, and they were at the beginning, so I guess by the end it was anticlimatic with a ghost pirate story. 

Still, I would recommend (and have already) this tour to lots of people, particularly the 18-35ish set. There is some slightly foul language included, but I don't get offended easily.  Also, it's priceless just to see non-tour people walking by as Joe talks about merkins, etc. 

At the end, you can get a half-price voucher for Joe's other tour--Cemetary, Serial Killers, and Beer. I think boyfriend and I are going to try that one out too. 

Ignore the bad reviews and go to a Grim Philly tour--it's different and fun!
My grandmother was a historian and tour guide for Philadelphia. When she shared the many stories and facts about the first US capital, I was far too young to have any appreciation. This Halloween, I was reminded of the old saying, "you don't know what you have, until it's lost".
My boyfriend and I bought tickets for the Dark Philly Vampires, Sex and Ghosts tour. Adam, a high school history teacher and historian, showed our group of roughly 20 people, a great time. We lucked out with the weather, but the intermittent clouds only added to the effect. We learned about tales that my local family members didn't know. 
I don't want to ruin the experience for anyone, so I'll leave my review with... HIGHLY RECOMMENDED, TWO THUMBS UP!!! This experience was excellent, had bonus content and Adam is top notch. FYI, he is a bourbon man and will share some local spots to try. Concierge, Teacher, Tour Guide Aficionado and Historian!
Some friends and myself bought tickets through their deal on Groupon a few months ago.  We all went last night and had a great time!  It was a beautiful night until the lightening and thunder started right as the tour ended. Joe, our guide (and history Professor at Rider University), was very friendly and informative.  All of his information came from legit sources and he often sited the origin of his facts.  This was especially true for the few ghost stories he told.  He also took the time to answer all of our questions  This eventually led to our tour being extended by a whole hour! 

We gathered at 6th and Market and ended up on 2nd between Market and Chestnut. We didn't walk the whole time.  We would go from one site to another, have a seat or pause while he would tell the history of the area.  The history he taught us wasn't the typical stuff I had learned in school!  He gave the real details of what the time's were like in the days of our founding fathers.  All the things that tend to get left out of textbooks, a real perspective of the time and what the city was like ~ hookers, pirates, executions, gambling, death, etc.  These are some of the things that tend to get looked over.  It was very interesting to hear the behind the scenes details of our great city!
I'd love to be able to actually tell you about my experience on the tour, but since our guide never showed, it's a story of neverwas. We heard about and purchased the tickets through a LivingSocial special for a Sunday evening tour. My group of 6 and I arrived at the 6th and Market site at 6:45 pm as noted on the tickets. Then we waited for the walk to start. And waited. And waited. There were about 7 other people also waiting around for the same tour. One guy called a few times, but never received an answer. I called and left a voicemail. We were all very excited about the tour; some of my group were out of towners. I don't plan to ever do business with this guided tour again.
hookers, ghosts, and pirates, oh my! 

this tour was really fun.  joe has clearly done a lot of research into the unsavory history of colonial philly.  as someone who loves my own city a great deal, i can really appreciate joe's clear love for philly with all its quirks.  the stories were great, well cited, and told with great enthusiasm.  it was like visiting a friend who tells you not everything, or even the most important things about a place, but the things that they love!

a few things that i didn't love:
- lots of dissing the competition, not my style, show me you're better, don't just tell me (over and over and over again)
- totally not joe's fault, but lots of waving toward such and such building used to be - cause then there's just nothing to see anymore.
- lots of standing, not that much walking.

but all that said, it was really a great time and i would highly recommend it.
This was actually really fun.

My brother and sister-in-law bought groupon tickets for me and a friend, and we all met up in front of the Independence Visitor Center at 7pm to begin.

It was just starting to get dark, when our tour guide split us into two groups, and began talking about riots and whores. Two of my favorite subjects!

We spent the next hour and half walking through old city landmarks, such as Washington Square Park, Dock Street (which used to be Dock Creek, apparently), Dolly Madison's residence next to a prominent whore-house (when she was still Dolly Todd - she was never a whore), and the original site of William Penn's house.

Did I mention I especially liked the stories about whorehouses, pirates, and riots? Hurrah!

It was really fun seeing the grittier side of Philadelphia's history for a change. Or, the grittier-than-usual, anyway. 

Just to put this on record, I like our collective grit.

Pro-tip:
This tour is probably not the most handicap accessible, as we came up against a lot of cobblestone paths, and lacked ramps. Beware!
A great tour of Philadelphia's historic past and many unexpected tidbits. From the bizarre to the commonplace characters of American history, this tour has it all.  Our engaging tour guide, also a professor of history,  provides a compelling recount of American history from the founding of the union to the civil war and beyond. The tour is sprinkled with oddities such as the connections to movies such as 'The Silence of the Lambs' and 'The Sixth Sense'. You will be entertained, informed and horrified. 

Dell
I really enjoyed the Vampires, Sex and Ghosts tour! It took a little over an hour and a half and was a short walk around the historic district near the Liberty Bell. Our tour guid was very knowledgeable and had a great story telling style. The content itself was interesting, and definitely spoke to the darker side of Philadelphia history. I learned a lot, and all about the less pretty parts of history that aren't taught in school (things that are fun to talk about later on as random trivia). Since it was October we definitely bumped into some other tour groups and from what I heard and saw, we made the right choice. The others had tour guides in costumes carrying lanterns...a little too much for us!
My husband & I took the Pirates & Jersey Devil Riverboat Cruise tonight and had a great time! Our guide, Joe, was awesome! His knowledge of and enthusiasm about local (and world) history was really impressive and entertaining. As someone who loves history, local lore, and the strange, I had a big grin through most of the tour (I have no problem admitting I was completely nerding out). The tour was fun, informative, adult oriented, and not cheesy. Really an excellent time. This was our first Grim Philly tour, and I'm definitely looking forward to more!
Just finished the tour tonight with Ted.  I went into this thinking it would be a bunch of hokey gimmicks and costumed actors jumping out at us... and was pleasantly surprised to not have any of that- just good stories of the seedier side of our country's history. Ted was funny, knowledgeable and fun to walk around with for 2 hours in 39 degree weather. Highly recommend!
Ted is a knowledgeable, funny, interesting, and just generally over-all awesome tour guide. I took the tour on the very busy Saturday before Halloween. I chose the Dark Philly Adult Night Tour (Vampires, Sex, & Ghosts). Even though it was probably the busiest night for tours, our group was small with just 15 people. I was so grateful I chose the 8:30 tour, as I saw the 8 PM tour pushing off, and there were probably about 60+ people on that one. There were split into two groups, but even just one of those groups had double the attendees as my small group had. I much preferred the smaller, intimate setting. Ted had finished another tour (I believe a pub crawl) right before ours, and there was a woman on that tour who was drunk and cackling. We could hear her carrying on well after her tour ended. I guess it's safe to say she enjoyed the tour.

My favorite stories were the stories of Washington Square Park and "Leah", Edgar Allan Poe, the "merkin" and beaver "wigs", the City Tavern ghosts, and of course the story of how Martha and George Washington met (through the obituaries, which I find to be a brilliant alternative to online dating.....seriously.....this means the previous spouse is dead, so no drama there....and also possibly gained some sort of inheritance. I am not sure why I didn't ever think of this myself.) 

At any rate, it was a great night for a tour. It was lightly raining, and even though there were many people out and about, it didn't ruin the ambiance of the dark side of Philly, I appreciated the raunch (we were forewarned that it was a very adult tour, which is what drew me to it in the first place!) 

Thanks guys, for a well-run show. I enjoyed every minute of it.
My 2 daughters and I went on this tour Saturday night.   We all thought it was the worst tour we were ever on.   We were expecting some history and mostly ghost stories and sightings in Philadelphia.   The tour guide  seemed confused by the number of people there (even though you make a reservation).  We were on the tour for almost 1 hour and never heard anything about a ghost, only lots and lots about prostitution.  I wouldn't recommend this to anyone!   The professor told us that others have taken his material.   I certainly hope not as many more will be disappointed.
We did the Vampire, Sex and Ghosts tour on a beautiful summer evening. Our tour guide Brittany (sp?) made all the difference. She had great delivery and really knew the topic. 

The tour includes Washington Square, what's left of Dock Creek and other nearby sites. Very fun.
I would definitely say this is the better of the Philly "Ghost Tours." Not so much Ghost, more history which I appreciated. The history was very interesting and I learned a ton. 4 Stars for this part.

Our guide was extremely knowledgeable. I can't remember her name, but she was from Temple. 5 Stars for this!

I thought that the tour was a bit long - but maybe because the beginning part of the tour was more interesting than the last half.

I agree with the other reviewers that the "booking fee" that you pay for your GroupWithMeSocial deals is OUTRAGEOUS and unnecessary. Just put it in the cost of the deal please. Let's not play games. We want to know what it costs up front. No surprises are necessary. 1 Star for the outrageousness.
UPDATE TO THE BELOW: We got in touch with Grim Philly regarding the reimbursement, but are being given a hard time. Hoping to get this resolved quickly, but as of now would say it's a gamble whether or not you are throwing away the cost of the tour. 

+++

Grim Philly may be a good tour. It may literally be the best ghost tour in Philly. I wouldn't know. 

Myself and 8 other friends are in Philly for my birthday, and literally all I wanted was to go on a ghost tour. Like, I decided 25 years without one was enough. So I dragged all of my friends out of the bars, into ubers, and then out in the freezing cold for 25 mins to wait for the tour. No one ever showed. 

After calling the number on the website several times to no answer, we finally got a call from someone (who even after us letting her know that the tour guide wasn't there seemed pretty confused and annoyed that she was getting calls from us) who basically was like "sorry, can't find the tour guide bye!"

Yes, our money will be refunded in full (I mean how could they not lol). But that doesn't refund the cost of the uber, time standing around, and the fact that a few of my friends who had to be convinced to go are pretty much never going on a ghost tour again (looking at you, Daniella). 

Long story short, it doesn't matter how good your tour is if your people don't show up without any explanation. Do your job, people. And if you're gonna cancel, give a call before your tour group is standing outside of Independence Hall in 20 degree weather for 25 mins and has to harass you for an explanation. We def won't be using the 25% off the next tour we got, that's for sure.
This isn't a ghost tour and the guide doesn't know how he got that reputation! He calls this a "dark history" tour. It was definitely dark out, but there was so little history it was laughable.

As a fellow asshole academic, I have a lot of criticisms of this tour that bend toward overly intellectual ponderings about the ways in which we teach history in this country and our over-valuing of the Colonial/Revolutionary period.

But we were in Philly, so one expects lots of waxing poetic about the Founding Fathers. But, if the guide referred to "one more piece of garbage" architectural structure that was razed so the city could reconstruct some Colonial period building, I was going to barf. Hey, perfessor, whose history is being erased so we can tell this version?! Obviously you can't cover the finer points of domestic post-colonialism on a 90 minute walking tour, but doing so would be way better than repeating that there was no urbanization like we have now in the 17th and 18th centuries or an in-depth description of impaling that basically advertised a free talk you were giving next month or criticizing the other tour company that you disdain or the weird MLA-like citations of your sources. Dude, I like to cite my sources, but provide a hand out or something. Telling me to read so-and-so's book from such-and-such press doesn't help. I didn't bring a pen!

Basically, this is a man who likes to hear himself talk. He seems to have started a business so he could do it. He was repetitious. I was bored.
Joe was so awesome! From the great facts and cool stops to the outstanding drinks and food, this tour was top notch!!
I did the Cemetery, Serial Killers, Blood and Beer tour and could not have loved it more! Pete, who led our group, was so obviously into it. He's a Southern California boy, which made it even funnier to hear him talking so passionately about Philly's "grim" history. As mentioned below, the language is not for the young or the faint of heart (LOTS of talk of crack whores and stuff, which I laughed at, but I'm that kind of person) so take heed of the warnings.

But you go to several cool sites (including the Christ Church, which was amazing) and get lots of information from not only the tour guide but from the people at those sites. It could easily have been very dark and macabre, but Pete had fun with it, and we all did too. There was never too far of a walk from point to point, and Pete walked backward and kept talking as we did travel, so we totally got our money's worth.

I would not hesitate to recommend this to anyone, and you get a free can of Tecate and Happy Hour discounts at the Mexican Post when it ends. We even met Professor Joe (who created the whole thing) at the bar before he started the night's pub crawl. Both he and Pete were so passionate and knowledgeable ... I learned a lot while also laughing my way through most of it.

Loved it!
I was in Philly for the first time and you can't go to such a historic city and leave without some knowledge. So I recruited a couple teammates and we took the bootleggers tour. 

Our guide, Joe was super knowledgeable (he's a professor and has info that you won't even find on Google). The tour was easy to find and does a good 15-20 min intro if you're running a little late. 

The group (myself included) seemed to be more interested in the Ben Franklin, etc kind of history rather than the prohibition info and Joe adjusted accordingly. 

We learned some great facts - like where the phrase "hop it up" came from. We also learned that Ben Franklin was indeed "not a dick"...for his time. 

Only critique is that some of the bars we stopped at were a little crowded and the last one had a "night club" feel. To their defense, you can never really gauge how crowded one place will be from day-to-day. And who's going to argue with free drinks? :)
To start, my group and I went on the "Pub Crawl Around Christmas Tour" that runs Saturday night at 6:30pm. Although when I purchased it from AAA member deals it was called the "Twilight Tour." 

My main problem with the tour is that I didn't know what I was getting me (and my group) into. I read the reviews and looked at the website and I really thought it would be a walking tour with stops at three different bars. 

We stayed at the first bar for an hour and a half (!)  ... apparently you spend an hour at each bar ... this was not mentioned ANYWHERE and I would not have booked if I had known it would be so long. I really was not looking for a pub crawl as much as a historic "grim" tour. My group and I left before we got to the second bar ... and in talking to other people, it didn't seem like most of them realized how long they'd be waiting around, either.

So I guess my main gripe is really bad advertising. The part we did hear was pretty boring and not much about the grim or the ghoulish. It was totally different than what AAA member deals and the Grim Philly website portrayed. 

Also, the weird registration fees were really annoying. Just include it in the ticket price ... nobody charges an online confirmation fee; that's just BS.
I went on the R rated Vampire and Ghost tour of Philly. It was a really fin experience. My friend and I went for my Birthday and Adam was very knowledgeable and friendly. We learned a lot of things we didn't know about Philly's history. I highly recommend this off the beaten path tour, of the way things were, in years past. Excellent information and very cool trivia information
A group of friends and i had nothing to do on a lovely Saturday so we decided to book a tour on living social for Grim Philly- Bootleggers tour.

 It was about 3 hours long but didn't seem like it at all. Our guide, Joe, was amazing. He was funny, knowledgeable, a great story teller and kept everyone engaged through the whole tour. I have been in Philadelphia all my life, and he brought up a lot of facts that i had never heard of that were really neat. We stopped at 3 bars for drinks during the tour that were included. When we booked we expected a little more, but it was okay because each bar was fun and a nice way to experience places i had never been too.

JOE JOE JOE. Made the tour!
We signed up for the Vampires, Ghosts, and Sex tour assuming COVID precautions would be in place. When we arrived at the meeting place, the crowd was larger than we expected. We were uncomfortable with the ability to manage the crowd so opted to leave. Once I got back to our car, I sent an email explaining my concerns and requesting a refund. By the next morning, they had responded with apologies for the unanticipated large crowd, issued a refund, and gave us four free tickets for the tour we could use in the future. I was impressed with their customer service and will definitely give them another shot if and when we are in the Philly area!
I had a great time on the 3 tours that I took (went on the Witch tour, Vampire/Ghost tour, and Serial Killer tour). My guides were Lance (I think that was his name), Sara, and Ted. All were excellent and I learned a lot from all of them.

Reason this isn't a perfect 5 star is for a few things. They tell you to arrive early, but there really is no need to as none of the tours started right on time (or slightly later). Also there is a bit of an overlap on all the tours with information shared. Lastly with the Serial Killer tour, it honestly should be a bus tour and not a walking tour. The serial killer stories are told in different parts of the Old City, however the crimes that they are talking about, didn't occur in the locations that they are showing you. There is no connection between where they stop and the serial killer you are hearing about. You can save $ by just doing any ghost tour and doing a Google search on serial killers of Philadelphia.

In any case, I do recommend and would do more tours =)
I recently went on the serial killers of Philadelphia with Ted as our tour guide.  The first 30 minutes was a general history tour of Philadelphia.  For the next 2 1/2 hours, I learned a lot about numerous killers that have stalked the streets of city in the recent and far past.  I would highly recommend the tour for anyone who has an interest in the macabre or just general history.  Ted included moments of levity and also talked about the city's history with vampires and ghosts.  I am not a believer in the paranormal but still had a lot of fun.
We went on the serial killer and brew tour before and it was awesome. This review is for the Nightmare Before Xmas tour. The tour starts off at an Asian restaurant where you could get drinks and apps for happy hour (although they did charge full price for one of the drinks because tour went passed happy hour time).  Joe, who was our guide at the serial killer tour, started about 4:30 (tour scheduled for 4:00). He basically gave the back story of some of the Xmas traditions that are currently around, which was cool. However all and all the actual "tour" of tales only lasted about 30-45 mins. The rest was just us hanging out. After the tales were done he took us across the street for more drinks for an hour. I'm glad we came with a group because we would be bored. This bar did not even offer any drink specials. After an hour we then walked across the street to another bar. But at that point we decided to head into the city on our own since the tour part had been over now for two hours. 

All in all, I might try another Grim Philly tour since our first experience was so good, but I would not recommend this one at all. It was not worth $40 by any means.
My friends and I found this on Groupon and it sounded fun and interesting.  Our tour guide was a local college professor.  He was very enthusiastic and informative.  It was a very educational tour.  I was born in Philadelphia and grew up in the area all my life.  I am very ashamed to say that I know very little about the history of Philadelphia.  I learned so much about the city, along with little facts as to where the phrase "hit the bars" came from, along with stories behind parks around the city.  I usually hate history but had a surprisingly good time.  I wish I had him as a history teacher growing up.  

Depending on the time of the year you go, be prepared to walk a lot and dress accordingly.
Not impressed and very misleading. This is not a "tour" this is you sitting in an Asian restaurant for two out of the three hours listening to a historian talk about the topic. Although he was informative and a little entertaining there is no way this is a tour. During the 2 hr talk you are encouraged to order drinks and food etc. Defiantly a trap by the restaurant hosting the so called tour. If you don't eat seafood you are out of luck. Then its a short walk to the first bar where they give you a sample cup of beer. If your looking for a tour this is not the one. And most absurdly priced at $40.00 bucks a person, let's see 80.00 per couple you had to buy your own food and outrageously priced drinks at a sushi bar then you got 2 samples at local bars and a thimble sized saki at the restaurant.... RIP OFF ALERT! I must say again our "speaker " was informative and some people liked the palm reading, but all in all I will not do this "tour" again and will not do any others they offer.
My husband purchased two tickets on Groupon for the "Haunted Pub Crawl." Parking was easy and convenient at the city's Independence Hall parking garage. The meeting location, however, was tricky to find. After the Visitor's Center directed us outside, we looked for the tour meeting spot. There was no signage. We saw a large group of 20-25 people congregating around a man and guessed that this was the tour guide. He did not have a name tag, uniform or t-shirt that designated him as associated with Grim Philly. We had to ask to make sure we were in right place. The check-in process did not seem to have any checks and balances. We gave our name and email address, but the guide was not checking it against anything and was writing the info down on a scrap piece of paper. 

Expectations started high, since the guide, Joe, did a few surprise things that were an add-on to the advertised experience (fresh pretzels for everyone and candy/snacks he gave away to trivia winners).

However, it was downhill from there. The first hour was a "historical" walking tour with a focus on ghost tales of Philly. Joe's overall presentation and storytelling could be categorized as disorganized and disjointed. By the end of the night, as he shared additional stories at the bar, I doubted his credibility and the integrity of the information. He seemed like he was just making stuff up. 

Being on a "pub crawl," I was definitely expecting pubs and beer. The promised bars (which weren't announced until the beginning of the tour) were a hookah bar called Infusion, a sushi restaurant and a final bar where the group would get to sample moonshine. Sadly, at the first bar, the included free drink was a green tea shot (all other drinks were at a charge, and gratuity is added automatically, just FYI). The group didn't even receive the first drink until an hour and a half into the tour. At that time, Joe made an announcement that the second bar had gotten too busy with dinner reservations so we would not be able to go inside but that the bar would bring a shot outside to our group that we could have on the street. I have since read in other Yelp reviews that this issue with the second bar is a reoccurring one. Why continue to partner with that establishment if they cannot accommodate the group and be additive to the tour experience?

At this point, my husband and I ditched the tour (It was already 2 hours since beginning the tour and the group had only been to one bar). We were so disappointed and convinced we could have a better date night if we selected a better quality of pubs and bars and made up our own ghost stories. 

Overall, this is not a smoothly operated business. While it is a novel idea in theory, the execution was poor and made for a memorable (in a bad way) experience. I hope that the ownership group will consider some of the feedback given by other Yelpers, as if this experience was executed well, it could be on a must-do list for things to do in Philly. In the meantime, I'd advise folks to avoid the Grim Philly tours.
Really cool tour where we learned some of the darker aspects of Philadelphia history--George Washington & the shady things he did to make loopholes for having slaves in PA, prostitution & diseases & merkins (I learned a new word!), bank robberies & jails, & even a couple ghosts!

I really enjoyed this tour, as did my friend who was visiting. It's fun to hear & see a part of history that is NOT in the textbooks, & apparently everything on this tour has been VERY well researched. Highly recommend.
We took this tour because of a groupon, but regretted buying it after finding out that you have to pay an extra $5 to book the tour.  We've been on one other Philly walking tour (historical sites) and have to say that the Old City walking tours appear to be very repetitive.  Basically a repeat of the exact same sites but just different stories.  To be honest this tour was more like a story-telling time than a tour as they would tell stories that occasionally were relevant to the site they took us too and occasionally remotely related to the site we were standing at.

However, the two guides were funny and shared some very interesting facts we never heard about.  We enjoyed the tour, but in terms of the value, if you've been on a tour of the area it's not worth paying for...but if you've never taken a walking tour of Old City and really want to do one this is a decent choice.
I bought a total of 6 tickets to the Haunted Pub Crawl on Groupon and I was pretty disappointed. Our guide, Joe, had a good sense of humor and seemed like a good dude, but the experience as whole was kind of a hot mess.

There were about 40 people on this tour - that was WAY too many people and ultimately the size of the group meant we weren't able to go in to one of three pubs on the pub crawl. Some of the historic info in the hour long walking tour before the first bar was interesting but as far as historic walking tours go it was disjointed. Our guide cited a History Channel producer as a reference, admitting that he had no idea if the information was true or not. The stories were entertaining I guess but this is not a tour if you are really in it for the history. 

The pub crawl aspect of the tour was kind of a fail also. The first place we went was a hookah bar with one included drink. Everyone got their shot and then looked at a photo on the guide's cell phone to prove there could be a ghost in the bar. The plan to just feel out the group and go to the next bar when everyone was ready was a little frustrating, because there were so many people. Even a simple, "Hey we are going to be here for 30 minutes" would have been helpful. My family and I didn't know if we should keep buying $10 well drinks because we had no idea how long we would be there. 

When we moved to the second bar, we weren't even allowed to go in. The entire huge tour group stood on the sidewalk, the guide told a quick story, and then he went in the bar and we all stood around with no idea what was happening. He came out after a few minutes and said the bar couldn't take us in and we went to the third location, JJ Bootleggers. JJ Bootleggers, to be fair, was supposed to be a bonus stop with a third, unadvertised free drink. So there were no associated historic facts or ghost stores, which is fine. Everyone got a teeny tiny shot of moonshine (mixed with lemonade, I think) and that was the end. So we didn't end up getting one of the "included" drinks because we never entered the second bar on the pub crawl, and it was all pretty disorganized. 

Joe did arrange for all tourgoers to receive happy hour prices at a bar in the neighborhood for the rest of the night, which was a nice consolation prize. 

I feel like we got shafted because they totally oversold the tour. If the tour had, say, 20 people on it, it could have been more enjoyable.  I'm just glad I didn't pay full price. I definitely would not pay for a pub crawl with this company again.
Austin and Joe gave a great tour this evening - lots of learning combined with drinking and fun on the Oktoberfest/Haunted Bars tour.  Great hosts and really enjoyable night.  Highly recommended.
Really strange crowd and gimmicky tour. Nothing about it was enjoyable to us. We left early.
This tour provided me with a ton of stories and sights from Colonial Philadelphia.  I'd recommend this tour to locals and visitors of Philadelphia.  While I, too, was expecting to hear more ghost stories, I've decided that the true (and grim) information Joe provided is more frightening and disturbing than any ghost or goblin story he could have rattled off.  If you're looking to be gripped in fear and suspense, go see Paranormal Activity 3.  If you're interested in learning about Philadelphia's darker history while enjoying beautiful fall weather and city landmarks, sign up for a Grim Philly Twilight Tour.
Brittany was a fantastic tour guide! We really enjoyed all the stories and humor! Loved it!
I loved the bootlegging pub crawl.  Ghost tour was was okay, but I don't believe in ghosts, so what do I know.  We were scheduled for the pirate ship, but we felt the weather was too bad so we lost out.  This tour has probably been the Christmas Tavern tour was horrible.  They show you a beautifully decorated tavern, but that is not where they take you.  Plan on buying dinner and dr
Grim indeed! If you're looking to get into a fist fight on the sidewalks of Philadelphia, then this tour is for you. The tour guide we encountered in Old City last night was rude, condescending, and subsequently lost control of his group almost resulting in a fist fight between people on the tour and patrons at an outdoor cafe. Rather, he should have moved the group away from the restaurant and the potential conflict. There are better tours in this city and certainly better tour guides!
I recently attended the Pub Crawl Around Christmas Tour. My tickets were purchased online directly from there Grim Philly Twilight Tours website and came in just shy of $29/person. Ouch. 

No joke this was a 'crawl'...we stayed at the first bar (Mexican Post) for about an hour and 15 minutes, then the second bar (The Red Zone) for an hour and a half, then the last bar (Dark Horse) we were just sort of left to our own devices, as this concluded the tour, though our guide, Joe, did take us inside and made sure we got some food, which was cool. The website said ticket collection begins at 6:30, but the tour didn't really start until 7 and thats when we were alerted to the drink specials. A small Dos Equis and can of PBR were included with the tour as well as a little slider and a plate of french fries. Philly, I have a secret to share with you: PBR sucks. The joke is on you.

The tour description on the website was accurate, but I mistakenly assumed this would be a ghost tour. No biggie. I also assumed that because we were stationed in the historic old city district that we would hear stories about specific stops along the way. We got a little tidbit about the waterfront and Headhouse row, but not much more. This was particularly disappointing since we went to the Dark Horse. Joe, was trying to keep spirits high and relay interesting details during the tour, but I think I would have liked more information considering the duration of the tour, 3 hours. Full disclosure: The website description and our guide Joe did say that this particular tour leaves a lot of room for socializing. 

My biggest gripe would be the second stop that we spent most of our time at, The Red Zone. The place was empty and the tables were very spread out so there was not a lot of interaction with people situated at other tables unless you made serious effort. I think more than half of the tour participants bailed at this stop. There were a few people in their 40's on up and I think they might have felt estranged, just didn't care for the place, or the drawn out pace of the tour.  Worst of all, they were playing rage rock at this location. You know, the kind where the singers whine in a 'rage-y' voice? Ugh. I can see why the tour is in an empty bar so Joe can do his mini lecture, but there was absolutely no significance to this location and the Grim Tour.

I thought the tour would take us to historically significant pubs, but I guess a tour would be distracting to other customers in a busy establishment. Grim Philly should consider doing an afternoon pubcrawl at some of the more historic bars. That being said, I really did have fun and I would attend another Grim Philly tour, but I personally would not chose the pub crawl option again.
Madame Antoinette was amazing! Filled of interesting tidbit bits, dirty jokes and sass. Our group of 4 had a blast playing along with the spooky vibes and ghost stories. Was a great intro to Philly, and very happy we got Tonight as a guide. Thank you for the fun! :)
Loved the Grim Philly Twilight Tour! Our guide was Joe Wojie. Joe was very funny and super friendly. I appreciated how knowledgeable he was with not only the content of tour but with history in general. He did a great job of tying in other bits of history to put content from the tour into perspective. This tour was a great way to learn the dirty cliff notes on Philly.
My boyfriend and I took the bootleggers ball tour. While our tour guide was very intelligent and pretty funny, the tour itself consisted of sitting in a small park for an hour while he stood on a bench and talked. We were supposed to bar crawl and the tour was advertised as a fun way to see historical bars associated with bootlegging. The first bar we went to was empty and had no air conditioning (it was 95 degrees that day). The service was slow, food expensive, and there were 3 trivia questions asked (the tour advertised bar games for free drinks). We were there for an hour and a half before any mention of moving on. The next bar was a saki bar. We didnt even bother going. 

Overall it was a waste of money; even considering we bought the tickets on groupon.
Agree with Dell, the tour guide was funny, enthusiastic and very knowledgeable. The only reason why I'm taking off a star is because it could still use some improvement, considering it's a new tour. I think it would be better if he had a microphone and if it was a little earlier in the day so we could actually see some of the buildings/structures he was talking about towards the end of the tour. I know having it at night was supposed to add to the "grimness", but the tour was more interesting than scary. I caught myself and my boyfriend so engulfed in his stories that our mouths were hanging open catching flies. My boyfriend's a native of Philly, and I've lived here for 6 years. We both definitely found it entertaining and learned a lot about this city.
Gets two stars because our tour guide Joe was very nice and pretty well informed. If you are looking for a Haunted Pub Crawl unfortunately this is just not what this is. There was no "Haunting" and it had only remnants of a "Pub Crawl." We didn't visit our first bar until over an hour into the tour. Also, the advertising is misleading as there is no choice of drinks at two of the bars...it is a tiny shot of Sake or Moonshine. One bar had no drinks included and only had special rates for the tour. The final bar wasn't even part of the tour and we were told we had to go back to that bar after the tour and show our wristband if we wanted our drink! There was NO food or snacks of any kind unless you paid for them. The tour guide information was interesting but not so interesting to justify $45 for a couple (with a Groupon).
We took the Bootleggers Prohibition Pub Crawl/Walking Tour with Joe and it was a fantastic experience. I especially appreciated that I was running a few minutes late and he waited for my group to get there (with freshly made, pretzels, might I add!). He was extremely knowledgable and entertaining. We were in about a 12-15 person group which was the perfect size to mingle and get to know each other. I look forward to attending another tour with Joe next time I'm in Philly!!
We went out on this tour last night thinking it was a Ghost Tour. Had I actually stopped and read Grim Philly website I would have realized that it was not the typical cheese ball Ghost Tour. While Joe did throw a couple of cool ghost stories in (the City Tavern one was my favorite), this guy is a wealth of knowledge when it comes to the history of Philly. The stories he told were great and I walked away actually knowing more about this city than I did when I got there. 

I also give him props for the mic system he has. There was a pretty big group and we were able to hear without a problem. Check it out for sure.
If I could give this place 0 stars I would. I was in Philly for my friends birthday a week ago and she really wanted to go on a ghost tour. We booked it for March 11th and were so incredibly excited. There were 10 of us expecting to go on the tour in my group. We arrived at the meet up location a few minutes before it was supposed to start. No one was there. We waited 15 minutes and then when no one showed up still we called them and it was busy. Myself and one other person in our group received a call back saying that they did not know where the guide was and that we would be receiving full refunds in 7 days and a 25% off coupon for our next purchase. At this point we had all been standing in the freezing cold for over 30 minutes. I was fine with that response from them since it was timely enough and they offered the refund up front. That was why I waited to post a review. Well it's been 9 days and I haven't received an email from them or anything in my bank account so I email them with my purchase ID number and was told that the tour happened that day and that we would not be getting our refund. This is completely unacceptable. Unfortunately I do not have the woman's name I spoke to initially on the phone but there were 10 of us waiting in the freezing cold and no one showed up. Two of us called separately and two of us were told that everyone who was expecting the tour would receive a full refund. Not a single one of us out of the ten has. This is not a good way to conduct business.
My fiance and I actually went on two Grim Philly tours: the serial killer tour and the Oktoberfest tour. The serial killer tour was interesting, and the tour guide was very nice and very intelligent on the topic, however the tour itself was not what we expected. The tour guide had a lot of stories, but all we did was walk from block to block while he told us a different story, and there was nothing significant about the place we were looking at or standing half the time. I think he could have told us the same information inside the Visitor Center and it would have had the same effect. We felt that the description for the tour made it seem like we would be viewing and walking through specific places all over the city where serial killers once were.

We thought we would give the company a second chance and decided to go on the Oktoberfest tour. From the website: "Marzen Lagers, moonshine, and Halloween and Oktoberfest sweet treats (included)." So we read that and thought what a great deal that a beer or two is included! Also: "while toasting with the ghosts of Olde City's notoriously haunted colonial era taverns." "Ghost stories, toasting, trivia for additional beer and shot give-a-ways and prizes" "Oktoberfest, Halloween, ghost hunting, and colonial and craft beer secrets are shared- as well as psychic and tarot card readings by Laurie McCabe"

We left the Independence Center and had the preliminary 1-hour information tour, which was fine and very informative. Then we went to our first place, JJ Bootleggers. We got there at about 5. So when I looked on the website (see below for website itinerary), it looked like the entire tour would be 3 hours. We sat at Bootleggers until 6:30. We received 1 free shot. The other people on the tour were taking their sweet old time, not being cognizant of the tour or the other guests on it. By the time we headed to the second bar it was about 6:45. My fiance and I chose to quit the tour and didnt follow the group to the next bar (it was already three hours at this point).

We were upset we wasted money on this tour because we were excited about everything that was supposed to be involved. But when an itinerary says three hours, it should last three hours. We did not hear about any "haunts" in Bootleggers. We did not participate in any shot give aways or trivia or tarot card readings. However, I cannot speak to what was included at the other two bars the group walked to. The possibility exists that there was a psychic and trivia at the last bar. But we were not waiting another 2 hours to find out.

We felt that overall the information from the tour guide was informative and fun. However, the description online was very deceiving and we were expecting more of a ghost hunt with walking through haunted bars and hearing of wine glasses shattering, etc. We wont be participating in any other tours with this company.

1 hour Halloween, Oktoberfest, and beer tour before tavern portion.
2 hours lightly narrated tavern portion with socializing and drink.
3 bar visits.
2+ alcoholic beverages: of taverns choice- including specialty fall moonshine selections such as "apple pie" or "candy corn" moonshine, carmel apple rum and vodka drinks, and other seasonal possibilities.
Additional Oktoberfest beer and/or shot drink give-a-way prizes on top of standard included in price of admission.
Halloween/Fall candy give-a-ways.
*Hot food selections and seasonal beers available at additional cost.
 
Duration: 6:00 pm - 9:00 pm 7 nights a week!
          Additional 2 PM, 4 PM and other times available Fridays through Sundays.
Unfortunately, I was very dissatisfied with this tour. This is for the 10 am Serial Killers tour. From the get go, he warned us that it would be long and probably end around 12:45. However, by 1 pm there was still another stop and two more serial killers to talk about. The stories were rambling and did not always have a point. For instance, he discussed H.H. Holmes for at least 30 minutes at the start and spent a lot of it on the Chicago aspect but never referenced the hotel that he built. He touched briefly on the Philadelphia connection but never got to the point. I had to ask him if the DNA results that were recently tested proved that it was in fact Holmes. Later on, almost into the 3rd hour, he made references to the French Revolution and Bastille Day and completely had his facts wrong. He said Bastille Day is in October. I chose not to correct as I just did not want to add any more time to the tour. Terry was a likeable enough individual but not a dynamic or interesting storyteller. And, as previously mentioned, not accurate. He also blatantly asked for tips which I did not really appreciate. The only part that I enjoyed was the segment in Christchurch cemetery where Bob took over and talked about two of the doctors buried there. All in all though, I cannot recommend this and was disheartened that 3 hours of my last day in Philadelphia was wasted on this banal and poorly rendered tour. Also, I would like to note that our guide also requested that we leave 5 star Yelp reviews. I was not going to go out of my way to bash him. But, in regard that I received this email and in hopes or better quality, I decided to respond and give my opinion.
Today I took the Serial Killers and Cemeteries during the day (10am) and the Vampires, Sex and Ghosts tour at night (7:30pm). 
The SKC tour was pretty tame, rather PG-13 in my opinion, and leapt across from the 1700s through primarily the 1980s or so. Duration came to just over 3 hours. I'd frankly give this one 3.5-3.8 stars as they did indeed discuss the title topics in some depth. This tour was provided by Terry. We walked to a number of historical sites in the area of Independence Hall, and I felt that the highlights were the Quaker Cemetery, and Christ Church. Beautiful and very interesting. 
The Vampires, Sex and Ghosts tour was excellent - easily deserving the 5 stars - and more in line with what I wanted-something rooted in history, discussing the seedy aspects of Philadelphia back in its beginnings. This one was run by Britnee. Britnee combines a great fusion of eloquence, extensive interest and research on local history, and a very fluid, easy-going dynamic with the tour group. At the conclusion I wish we could have sat down for a beer with her to chat more in depth. Highlights here are harder to pin down, as I felt that each stop had a pertinent significance to the subject. 
Anyhow, I felt I got a great deal out of what I paid, received exactly what I was seeking from Grim Philly, and am going to bookmark this experience for when I get adult visitors who are interested in adult topics. And now that I think about it, I'm going to see what other tours Grim provides. 
***Tip: Read the weather report and prepare for 2-3 hours as necessary. We were in 45 degrees in drizzle and we had people show up in leather shoes and no socks, hat, scarfs, etc. 
Awesome job, Britnee.
Adam was our tour guide and we had a blast. The tour runs from 8-9:45 pm and we walked around the historic Independence park area making frequent stops where Adam talked and answered questions. For the adult tour, kids are not recommended nor if you do by want to hear about off color stories about the real life of our founding fathers, things not in the textbooks. But if you want to learn what life was like 240 years ago do take the tour. 

Adam is a high school history teacher and he definitely knows his stuff. Plus after the tour was done he hung out and a few of us talked in greater detail. 

Great way to spend the evening and well worth booking!!!
DO NOT GO ON THIS TOUR. This is not a ghost tour! I bought 2 tickets through Groupon, thinking it was a ghost tour. We arrived to a group of over 50 people. The tour guide started saying that this was a purely historical tour and he has cited all his sources. He had a past student with him that he was training. She started the tour by giving us a 20 minute history of the brothels and prostitutes in Colonial Philadelphia. WHO CARES?? We walked by several places that used to be historical and aren't there anymore. They brought up Dock Creek throughout the whole tour, who cares again!? And there were 2 lackluster ghost stories, which he made sure to tell you they weren't true, and he only told them because someone asked him for a ghost story. This was a long and LAME tour and I would never waste your money on this tour. If you have the groupon, give it to someone you don't like!
This was an awesome tour. Our tour guide was great. He was very knowledgeable about the history of Philly during the Prohibition era. We received snacks at the first bar we visited along with free shots. We also received shots at the other bars we visited. I would highly recommend this tour company.
First time visiting Philadelphia and let me just start with "I almost did not show up" to the tour. Reading the reviews left me curious so Uber it was and arrived on time to see Sarah waiting to start our R-rated Vampire & Ghost tour. 
Worth every minute and I cannot even begin to tell you how cold it was but our guide was determined to show us a great time while wearing her ridiculous but warm gloves (sarah you're awesome). 
Not only will you learn but you'll enjoy the history that Philadelphia has to offer when it comes to it's respected (sarcasm) past. 
Don't think twice like I did,  because I still cannot forget what I learned thanks to Sarah!
We took the Witches and Ghosts tour with Lance as our guide.  Lance made it an extremely enjoyable experience.  He was able to weave together great narratives about the "darker" side of Philadelphia history that really kept your attention.  The stories were well researched and and very educational, filled with details that you don't find in the history books.
Maybe you shouldn't advertise pics of horror scenes unless you were going to actually use these props. Oh...how about in the flyer you actually put down that it's a walking tour! Informative but not what is advertised...very disappointed. Waste of $50 for my daughter and I.
Really fun! Brittany did a great job making everyone comfortable and had some solid jokes. There was a lot of great historical information that even Philly natives might not know! Highly recommend, excited to take another tour in the future.
This tour is a complete scam and a waste of time and money.
This tour i purchased through Groupon for 10am and it was moved to 1pm.  No biggie on the time being moved till i found out the tour was taking over 3.5 hrs.  The tour started at 1pm and we had to leave Terry at 3:35pm so we could try and see other sights of Philadelphia before we leave the area.  By then it was too late in the afternoon we didnt get to see any other sights due to the long lines.  This tour is very informative of local murders.  You will not get to see where the muders took place nor photos of any of the murders.  It took on more of a story telling atmosphere as you stand in front of  the national hall for hour then move to a bench for the next hour.  Then one moves across the street to see Benjamin's grave. This is were we had to leave....3.5 hrs was way too long for us, we were not prepared for the long duration.
Had a great time with our tour guide Toni on the adults only night tour, she had us laughing the whole tour long. Insightful and informative, I would recommend this to anyone looking for a tour that's not just facts and sightseeing.
The Serial Killers and Cemetery tour is good and has a lot of great information about Philly history.

Pros: Ted is funny, engaging and knowledgeable. He's a high school history teacher, so he knows his stuff and his passion for everything historical oozes from his pores. He's phenomenal! The stories and tidbits he shared were fascinating.

Cons: The tour is just too long (2.5 hours, but mine was longer). Maybe it's because I'm more interested in serial killers than cemeteries, but the tour was about 50% cemeteries, 35% history, 15% serial killers.
The workers at Christ Church take over the tour at that point. It would have been nice to know that earlier for tipping purposes. I believe we had Bob. He was knowledgeable but scattered in his delivery and he spent more time chatting us up than giving us pertinent information. He chatted for at least an extra 20 minutes and extended our already too long tour.
Also, there was a chatty girl in our group who must have thought she was giving the tour. I do wish the guide had done a bit more to shut her down.
Between the guide at Christ Church and the gabby girl, 30-45 minutes was tacked onto the already too long tour.

I'd give 3.5 stars if I could.
Toni was a fantastic tour guide! I highly recommend this tour for those looking for a way to explore Philadelphia.
Lance was a very fun and informative guide, lots of interesting facts about the seedier parts of Philadelphia's history and a good overview of the historical spots in old town. I'd recommend doing the tour after dark, I did the 5pm slot and it would be spookier at night. I'll definitely have to visit some of the spots again when I come back. Thanks for the helpful recommendations and letting me learn about this city!
Have done multiple tours with this company and they're always fantastic. Historic, funny, and personable. Will def be coming on tours years to come! Esp Toni- she's a firecracker!
Toni really made this tour enjoyable and entertaining during our work trip. Learned a lot of the behind the scenes information about this lovely city!
Toni was a great tour guide, providing a bit of history and humor at the same time. Great tour to hear about the city's sordid past while simultaneously avoiding the heat and crowds that you'll face in the day time
