Well! JK Rowling would've been disappointed with this festival. No one had a chance to enjoy it, but I feel bad because it seems like they tried? My crew and I were SHOCKED at the lack of food availability for an event as large as this! Food trucks were far and few. Mostly sweets and ice cream? Lines 

Lots of kids and adults dressed up, which was very cute. HOWEVER...

I saw a major lack of organization & literally NO one around to answer your questions! No loud speakers for announcements. No big colorful signs to direct you. No clear path. Where was your magical theme and music? You walked and walked hoping to see something cool, but found nothing except elbows ramming into you. 

If I hadn't brought some friends, I honestly would've been miserable. We were HANGRY! Thank god for Cosimos Pizza, all the way at Rex street, towards the end of the festival! People were dying for some regular food. And Cosimos put some hard work to be quick with their services! Much props to the crew at Cosimos on 10/22/16!!!! Thank you!!
This review is from the Gravers train station where 15 or so of us have been waiting for the train back to Philly for almost an hour. At least it's dry and there's a place to sit. I think waiting at this train station is actually the most fun I've had at this festival. 

The festival was so poorly organized. Only 3 porta potties for 50,000+ expected guests. There were maybe 5 tents that sold food, and all the lines were unbelievably long. One restaurant had a sign that said "approximate wait time...sorry we're full". The craft stations for the kids only had cheap paper printout coloring books. The only character we saw was Voldemort. We were so excited for a day of eating and drinking Harry Potter themed goodies and spending all of our cash on merchandise. But we left without spending a single dollar at the festival. Despite spending almost an hour in various lines waiting to get into shops and restaurants, the lines just didn't budge and we finally gave up and left. 

The lady sitting next to me right now at the train station says her friend couldn't find parking so he gave up and left. Even her little daughter looks super sad and says she is very disappointed in how little fun she had. Her mom sadly says "this was supposed to be a fun day."

My friend that I came with says she has exhausted her anger at how poorly this festival was run, and the women next to her says this is the worst festival she has ever been to. 

Pro tip - just shell out the money for the real deal in Orlando FL. This is not worth it.
The extra star is for the Hogsmeade feel of Chestnut Hill, the occasional jaunty music, and the thousands of wizard-clad festivalgoers making the best of a not-so-great situation.

As for the rest of it, the other reviews are spot-on in their assessment of this year's poor management of the influx of 50,000+ person crowds, parking/SEPTA issues, lack of food/drink vendors and overall wait times for things that were 95% of the time not worth it at all.  This was our first year attending the Saturday festival, so it's quite a bad foot to start off on.  

PARKING: For one, parking was advertised as limited, so thankfully we made the decision to take the first spot we found upon entering the mile radius near the festival - it was only a 10 minute, sidewalk-free walk up a hill but the beautiful houses made up for it.  Still though, traffic in the surrounding area was cray and my heart goes out to those poor souls who actually travelled from outside the city or PA to attend this.  

ORGANIZATION: I was hoping that upon entry to the festival, there would be someone handing out maps and guides for where things were (in fact, there were hardly any staff members in sight the whole time).  I saw one large scale map on the street once and there were so many people around it, I gave up trying to read it.  I seemed to miss the agenda telling me where to find the cake contest, the owls, the psychic readings, etc.  You really needed to know where to look at what times and which lines were worth waiting in if you wanted to explore.  Getting there at 2:30 probably wasn't the best idea - smack dab in the middle of the festival - but, as said before, getting to the festival was no easy broomstick ride.

We spent an hour and half wandering around aimlessly, trying to see over mad heads as to what shops boasted what and often times we'd end up in a line and not have a clue as to what we were waiting for (there were no giant signs telling me what was in any particular shop).  The 2 shops I was able to even step inside of had NOTHING Harry Potter themed (one was filled with pricy, breakable antiques (great for kids!) and the other was seemingly gonna be filled with awesome Crookshanks-like cats but was literally just the Chestnut Hill cat clinic where they most likely offered half-off grooming services or some shit like that).  The shops used the opportunity to boost business, but it's totes not approps for a festival filled with easily-bored children (and adults, like me).  

After a few minutes of waiting in some winding, 100-person deep line in "Knockturn Alley" (which was lame AF, btw), we finally asked someone what we were waiting for (as there were no signs of course) and she said, "acceptance letters."  So, a 20-30 minute wait for a piece of paper with my name on it?  Witch, please.

FOOD/DRINK:  All I wanted was a damn Butterbeer and like a scone or a donut or some shit - something fall-like, ya know?  It never happened.  We didn't spend a literal dime here.  I was often like, "oh, there's Butterbeer!....oh, there's cupcakes!" at some of the very few tents, only to follow the line with my eyes and see that it was gonna at least be 35-40 minutes.  Not only that, any beverage would then make me have to pee and from the looks of the port-o-potty lines, I was not gonna put myself in that position.  Additionally, besides the few over-crowded, no-seating restaurants, there was not ONE food truck on the street.  Sure, there were a couple nacho/pretzel/hot dog tents, but again, LINES.  

Overall, close the shops that can only legally fit 10 people inside and bring other shops that actually want to participate in HP merchandising OUTSIDE in tents.  There were clothing shops, stationary shops, jewelry shops....and none of them even tried to offer HP stuff.  Add WAY more food trucks/vendors who would make a killing, crank out food fast and help to disburse the crowds so the whole town isn't all up in one line.
I want to meet the person who decided to advertise this event and attempt to make it so much larger and punch them in the face.  Anyone who is giving this event anything more than 1 star is absolutely crazy.  I have attended this Festival each of the past four years.  The first three years (2013, 2014) were an absolute blast.  Last year (2015) was fun.  This year, it was an unmitigated disaster.  In the past, the crowds were minimal, there was a lot to do, there was always a seat at one of the many restaurants along the strip.  The events at the fest were fun.  There were people reading from the Harry Potter books in the square.  You could just walk up and take a seat and listen.  All of the shops along the sidewalk were traversible.  You could walk in, check out what was on the shelves, and keep walking.  There were few lines other than for Butterbeer, and it was one of the most well run and fun events I have attended.  My girlfriend and I look forward to it year after year.  This year we were just as excited.  But this year, the event wasn't the same.  Some idiot decided to turn it from a nice little festival to yet another corporate slog.  There were massive advertising campaigns and honestly, it seemed as though whoever organized the event thought that, despite the advertising, the same few thousand people were going to show up.  Instead, attendance was very near 100,000.  There was no parking, no food to be had, no entertainment.  Instead of playing Harry Potter music, there was a radio station playing 60s rock.  There was no way to walk the street.  There were so many people you couldn't even see what was going on.  Any "events" they had could not be attended.  It was essentially as disorganized as Woodstock.  But nowhere near as epic.  Just like Woodstock, the absolute worst thing was the bathroom situation.  The prepare for 100,000 people, the organizers thought it would be cool to set up like 10 porta potties.  Great effing planning.  There were lines entire blocks deep to try and go to the bathroom.  

What an absolute disaster.  People were pissing right in the middle of the street.  People were changing their babies in the middle of crowds.  The only thing to eat that didn't require waiting for three hours in line was cotton candy.  

This was a great little event in the past.  I have no idea why someone decided to go ahead and ruin it.  But whoever made that decision, I really, really, really want to punch them in the face.
I'm incredibly torn on this rating. I love the Harry Potter universe, I love festivals, and I love anything involving cosplaying and costuming. This event has all of the above but it severely lacks proper planning and any meaningful direction or management, which can result in only an average rating at best. I'll try to break this down based on the three events I've experienced at this festival.

The first event I ever experienced was the quidditch match, humorously called the Brotherly Love Cup. This part is hosted by Chestnut Hill College and (at least back in 2015) was fun and charming. Back in 2015 there was ample parking at the college, and the event had a somewhat casual and relaxed feel. While the games were going on there was a small festival with Potterverse themed goodies for sale as well as informational booths. In my opinion, the event the college throws is by far the best event. I really wish I had seen it again in 2016; this year, the festival was so packed that there was zero parking even at the college. At that point, I decided to take my chances just trying to get into the street festival farther in town. Huge mistake.

There were thousands of people descending on quaint little Chestnut Hill, and let me tell you that area is just not meant for that much traffic all at once. The gridlock was insanity. It has been the same for both years I went - prepare to sit in traffic for hours and hours. I was in traffic for two and a half hours this year just to get anywhere near Germantown avenue. Their 'parking lots' are an absolute joke and can fit perhaps 20 cars at most. Do not plan on parking in one of the public lots if you go! It is nearly a suicide mission! Believe me. People began parking illegally and doing seriously dangerous things with their cars due to the overflow. In my opinion, the town street festival is really not worth it. Unlike the cultural activities the college has like the academic conference and the sports matches, the town is really just a big flea market. If you really want to buy a lot of stuff and spend tons of money, fine, but be aware the crowds are crushing and everything will be picked over from the sheer amount of people there. With all the people packed in those tiny streets it's literally no fun.

In addition to these, I also got the coveted pub crawl tickets for 2016. Guess what? You don't need the tickets. Sure, the t-shirt you get is cool, but none of the pubs were checking wrist bands. They were just giving the specials to everyone who showed up. I really wish I had known this beforehand. The first hour was a lot of fun but by eight o'clock the crowds started pouring in. By nine o'clock there was a massive (we're talking hour+) lines at every single location. It was around that time it just stopped being fun due to the crowds so I left. 

Here's my advice to the organizers; your festival is awesome at its core, but you really and truly need to do crowd control. Perhaps sell tickets to the rest of the festival and not just the pub crawl? Or maybe team up with the Morris Arboretum next door so that there is some actual parking for these events? Something seriously needs to change because the events are simply not fun anymore and only cause distress to the festival goers, such as myself. I love this festival in theory, but somewhat hate it in practice. That being said, I can't rate it lower than a three. If you want to go next year definitely proceed with caution and plan ahead.
I think the concept is fun but the event is very confusing.  It's hard to know where to go for what.  People had maps of the events but I couldn't find one in the website.  The event is also spread out across about 2-3 miles so there are huge gaps between events where you have to do lots of walking.  They have a shuttle but there is only one bus and it takes 30 min to circulate so with the long lines, you are waiting almost an hour to get on the shuttle.  Also, I kept asking people working the event about the details and no one seemed to know what was going on.   Also, we did the Slytherin maze for 3 kids which was $20 which was high priced for what you got.  It really wasn't a maze but just a bunch of hay bales lying in a circle formation.  We ended up leaving frustrated.  This event could have been more organized.  Such a disappointment.
This is by far the worst festival I have ever been to. Complete waste of time and extremely poorly planned. If they knew they were expecting as many people as they advertised on their website then they should have planned accordingly. I went with the intention of spending lots of money and came from out of state for this and didn't end up spending a dime because the lines wouldn't move for hours at a time. It was a joke.
I was shocked at the lack of organization at this event. The  crowds were overwhelming but generally polite and well behaved. But the lack of bathrooms and food could have led to very disgruntled attendees. Plus, the rain and wind only added to the unorganized feel of the experience. This is all a shame because although not organized from a general standpoint, there was obviously a lot of effort put into the shows.  But how could one see them? 

But all in all my son and I are glad we went. He loved the costumes and the chaos.  Next year? Well perhaps the event should be held somewhere else, or expand it to include the side streets. 

We did have excellent pizza at Cosimo's. I hope to eat there again under less hectic circumstances.
They should fire the people that plan this festival. What a frisking mess. There had to be 10,000 to 12,000 people at this thing. They put out a total of 12 or so port a potties. They can not handle the crowds. On a positive note, everyone that I encountered was pleasant. A
This event has a lot of potential to be great, but as other posters have said, it is poorly organized. 

The best part about the festival is the people going to the festival. It felt festive to see all the costumes and Harry Potter fans. 

HOWEVER, the people in charge of this event definitely did not have enough activities planned for an event this size. I read that around 50,000 people attended this event. It was very crowded and lines were long for everything. I wasted a lot of time waiting for the bathroom as well as in the train station trying to get back to Central City so my husband and I can do other Philly things before leaving. 

Many activities at the event were disappointing because they were more suited for a small cute festival, NOT for an event with 50,000 people. A lot of the shops and restaurants that "participated" in the event did not even do anything Harry Potter themed or related to contribute to the event. I went into so many shops just to walk out because there was nothing to see or do there. 

This event could be much better. Please have a plan for the people coming. Please have FOOD. Please make sure all the shops contribute to the Harry Potter experience and make it fun for everyone. It seemed like businesses were just taking advantage of having customers and not doing a thing to contribute to the event. 

I did like the free wands, the overpriced butterbeer (which was just rootbeer and butterscotch), and the  pics I got from the event. But, please make it more worth it to go to for people like me, who are coming from out of state. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone based on today.
I liked the Festival... HOWEVER they were not prepared for the number of people attending. Bathroom likes easily had 30 or more people, and it was so crowded you could do anything. We left for an hour or so to grab lunch and came back for the last hour and it was much more bearable. There were a lot of things I wanted to see, but couldn't because of the lines. Id probably only come back if I  knew they'd expanded the location.
This isn't really fair because I didn't attend, but the event affected my commute to and from my destination.  I've never seen such a free-for-all regarding parking (in someone's grass, though?) and general lack of movement because the area cannot handle the amount of guests this event pulls.  I too love the charm and lore of Harry Potter but, if I lived in Chestnut Hill, I'd fight to request the event move somewhere larger next year. I watched people park and walk ALL the way from Joshua Road.  Yeah, it's exercise, but this isn't Philly and there aren't sidewalks for walking on some sections of the larger streets (just bike lanes).  I think it's a cool idea but it has definitely outgrown the original venue/location due to popularity and needs to be moved because quiet little Chestnut Hill can't handle thousands of walkers and drivers all at once.
Truly BRILLIANT! 
I live in Philadelphia, so it's easy access to the Festival. We go every year. AND every year it gets better and better. 
The Characters are GREAT. The guy who plays Harry is a dead ringer for him! The sorting demonstration is a charm. The Defense Against the Dark Arts show is great. Decorations from all the stores are GREAT. There are SO many bakeries along Germantown Ave that all particpate in the Festival... from Butterbeer to Butterbeer cupcakes to Golden Snitches cake pops to Hogwarts cookies..you can't get enough! 
Longs do get alittle long, but it's worth it. So many stores participate and have have Harry Potter Souvenirs.  From Harry Potter mugs to Scarves to Hogwarts Acceptance Letters. LOVE. 
And the local restaurants have Harry Potter related dishes and Drinks! Saturday is usually more fun for families, while Friday night is the Pub Crawl for adults. :)
Even little details are great: One of the bathrooms had Mourning Myrtle!!!!!
I can't wait to see what new treasures come next year!
After years of either working or being out of town, I was finally able to attend the HP fest this year. I was so excited to finally experience it and it was just....awful. I can't comment on any activities/events/food there because I literally didn't see any. I was shocked both at the exorbitant number of people and general confusion/lack of organization. I was also shocked at the lack of food and bathrooms (although to be fair, I'm not sure if there was a genuine lack of these things or if we simply couldn't GET to them)

We opted for the almost hour-long walk to the festival from my friend's house instead of driving, not that we had much of a choice in the matter. I felt awful for the poor people who were sitting in traffic for hours with absolutely nowhere to park once they got there. My heart aches for the people who came out of state for this trainwreck. I'm not sure why an event of this magnitude would be planned for such a tiny area that really doesn't have the most ideal parking in the best of circumstances? I really don't understand that? I guess because of the Hogsmeade feel? Otherwise it makes no sense to me. 

Cool as it was to see everyone dressed in their HP best and all coming together for a series that we love, I barely noticed any of that because I was so overwhelmed by the crowds and busy trying to see where everything was. As everyone has said, no one could figure out what the hell was going on or find anything, and there was no information, from what I could see, about ANYTHING related to the festival and its events or where anything could be found at all. 

Everyone we asked was just as clueless as we were. It wasn't clear who we were supposed to go to with questions or concerns...no discernible management, information area, event staff members, or signs indicating these things. There was just...no control or organization whatsoever. We saw random food tents or SOMETHING but not many and we couldn't get anywhere close enough to them to even see what they were or what they were offering. Restaurants all appeared to be full to capacity. There was nowhere at all to sit down and it took us forever to find a bathroom and when we did we waited in line for nearly 40 minutes which stunned me -- how the hell did that work out for all the families there with kids?!  
 
Every store we saw was packed and we quickly gave up trying to go into any. It also wasn't clear to me whether stores were even participating in the event. We tried walking around and kept accidentally ending up in lines because every single area we stopped in for more than 1 second literally ended up being a line for something. We kept trying to find something to see or do but didn't end up doing or getting anything. Not even to eat or drink, again not that we had a choice - we literally COULDN'T. We couldn't get near ANYTHING. We became so claustrophobic by the crowds and frustrated about constantly getting knocked into. And we walked the 50ish minutes back home with my friend apologizing profusely and telling me it's usually much better. We probably would have ended up eating at the pizza place like others if we had gotten that far.

I adore Chestnut Hill, but it is NOT meant for an event this size. It honestly seemed kind of dangerous as well as incredibly unprepared. The location of the event should be changed to somewhere with actual bathrooms, parking, areas for eating, and room to breathe.
Chestnut Hill was unprepared for the crowds of people that came to this event. We got separated from each other in the melee, me with one young child and dh with our other. The cellphone networks were overwhelmed and we couldn't contact each other to reconnect for at least 30 min. 

Parking was a nightmare. The event only had two cops directing traffic out of the area. It took one member of our party 40 minutes to go three miles trying to get out of Chestnut Hill. 

There were only 2 port a johns and 2 bathrooms at Weavers Way Co-op that we were able to locate. We bought sandwiches at Weavers Way first thing, if we hadn't gotten there early, food would've been impossible to find as well. 

The organizers hadn't lined up enough trash boxes for the event, when we first arrived we saw guys driving around with a gator and fresh trash bags - until the crowds grew too large for that plan to work. In the end there were bottles overflowing onto the streets and broken glass in a few places.

There were no tents for people to sit under to eat or drink, just a few tables out in the rain - the rain that was in the forecast at least a week ahead of the festival. Why not set up tents for people? Tented beer garden in one place, kids activities in another? There were so many people you couldn't get near anything to participate in activities. We did meet Hagrid, who was doing a great job, but his handler looked soaking wet and tired as hell.

In my opinion this event is not safe for young children or people with certain kinds of health issues. Getting through the crowd was really difficult with people shoving and crowding around the tents and a pub selling witches brew and pumpkin ale. We only saw one ambulance and no first aid stations. With crowds this size I'm used to seeing security checkpoints on entry, or at least more police on foot patrol, but this was a free for all. We spent most of our time in Chestnut Hill trying to get the kids safely through the crowd and back to the car. 

This event is a potential hit because of the wonderful energy of the many Potter Heads in attendance, but it needs a lot of work. The organizers need to look at small cities like Winchester, VA that have very large crowds for several annual festivals and see how they manage things. I'm so disappointed we traveled from VA and stayed overnight to attend this. Unless we hear of efforts to improve the planning issues we won't be back.
Drove 2 hours on Oct. 22, 2016 to the festival and followed the online directions of parking near the festival. What a mistake!!!!! At 12pm, there was no parking near the festival and we got stuck in traffic trying to get out of the neighborhood for an hour. Of course, as soon as I walked into the festival I was looking for a bathroom and saw none so backtracked towards the yogurt store. Waited another hour here to use their only bathroom. Hardly anyone was buying yogurt and instead there was a huge line outside the door to use the bathroom at the yogurt place!!!!! Thus far, 2 hours of looking for parking and using the bathroom before even getting a chance to look at anything at the festival. Then started searching for food. All the lines were an hour or more long so stopped at the sushi place and walked in at 2:15pm and as soon as we walked in they said they were closing!!!!!! So we walked some more, stood in line at the food place next to the Wells Fargo ATM and it was taking too long. So we walked another 30 minutes and walked into the chocolate store which was moving at a good pace; only took 10 minutes to get a brownie and coffee to eat before we passed out. So 3 hours already for parking, bathroom, and food. We eventually found the market by 3:45pm which had a good crowd but was accessible. Got a pretzel there. By 4:30pm the lines were better so got in line to get a burger and roast beef sandwich. Took 5 minutes. My babe said that was the best burger she's had anywhere and the roast beef sandwich was tasty!!!! So kudos to this tent/food place for providing tasty food!!!! We walked around some more and saw some stuff, but the Butter Beer, commemorative Harry Potter cups, and most other items all gone by early afternoon. For next year, they need to have food trucks on the side streets, close off the local neighborhoods to prevent parking there, have a designated large parking area with multiple shuttles bringing people in and out, and have multiple Port A Potties on every block especially for this 100,000 plus crowd!!!!!! At 5:30pm, we began our 1 mile walk to where we parked our car which was way past the train station. Best thing about the Fest is seeing the people dressed up in Harry Potter cosplay. Hope Chestnut Hill Chamber of Commerce or whoever planned this get their act together for next year...
So, this is a thing that exists, and it's amazing! 

I've had the pleasure of attending the Harry Potter Pub Crawl for two years in a row and it makes my friends and me so happy to geek out like this! The pub crawl is $15 if you want to get a T-shirt and some drink specials, but this year they sold out so fast that none of my friends got tickets.  I got one but was unable to pick up my shirt because we arrived too late, but I called the next day and they mailed me my shirt which was really nice. 

Despite not having tickets, we were not gonna miss this, so we got intensely costumed (A Snitch, a Firebolt, Professor Umbridge, Tonks, and Bellatrix) and headed out! All the bars have signs renaming them for famous Harry Potter landmarks (The Three Broomsticks, Hog's Head, etc) and serve up specials like butterbeer (spiked apple cider) or some other delicious drink we had involving butterscotch, root beer and whipped cream vodka. They even have Harry Potter mugs that you can buy that are really cute and say "I solemnly swear that I am up to no good." Even though my friend dressed as a Firebolt was mistaken for a Nimbus 2000 (please, that's almost as bad as asking if she was a CLEANSWEEP), we had an amazing time going from bar to bar, stopping to pose for pictures along the way!

The festival also includes a Quidditch Match and a conference and apparently a 5K, which I haven't done, but I definitely recommend the pub crawl!
First time at a Harry Potter Festival! i was really crowded and really hard to enjoy all the booths and stuff that they offered since everything just took so long to get to. I was looking forward to trying the butter beer but they ran out of the butter beer 4packs and the lines for the butter beer booths were too expensive :( it was still fun though!
2016 Festival was very poorly organized.  Organizers were unprepared for the crowds which defended on the area.  Thousands of disappointed visitors were crammed into a few city blocks.  A lot of disappointed & frightened children; poor kids were not used to this level of overcrowding. 

Organizers expected 50,000 visitors.  Well, they were unprepared.  Chestnut Hill area is not equipped to handle such crowds.  Very long lines to get some food; very long bathroom lines; only a handful of port potties for 50,000 visitors, some of whom were recovering from a pub crawl. 

SEPTA, which advertised express trains with characters was overwhelmed by the volume of riders; lines to get on the train were very very very long; probably thousands of enthusiastic passengers were waiting to get on the train.  Crammed into few train cars had no place to stand.  There was no room for characters to walk around.  Very long and arduous train ride, both ways.  A train a ride from the Jefferson station to Chestnut Hill West should have been no longer that 30 minutes but ended up being 2 hours long.. We traveled overcrowded and slow moving train cars.   Train back to center city was very late, very crammed, and very slow; took us 2-1/2 hours to get back to Jefferson station; this also should have been 30 minute train ride.  A total of 4-1/2 hours to get to Chestnut Hill West from Jefferson Station and back (this included long wait for trains which were delayed.

This was not a good experience.
Tried to come for a quick trip on Saturday but that was proving to be harder than expected.  As others have noted the parking situation was terrible.  People were parking on both sides of side streets making it impossible to drive two way traffic down the road. Us and several dozen other cars were trapped in these sidestreets for over and hour as we all played car shuffle. People were screaming out their windows and beyond frustrated...and all for Harry Potter??  Once out onto the street I could tell the town was not prepared for these 50,000 people.  I have been to a lot of festivals and this one seemed the least in control of what was going on.  

There were insane lines everywhere, people could t all fit in the street so we're trampling all the glass, and everyone had no cell service.  For a minute I lost my friends and was frisky concerned I wouldn't find them again...I can't even imagine what would happen to a child that got lost/separated there.

My last complaint is about the butterbeer bottles.  They are glass and we're broken everywhere! This is a huge safety concern with broken glass all in the streets a a having rained people already slipping onto the ground.

This festival needs real security and better preparation
The 2017 Harry Potter Festival in Chestnut Hill, Philadelphia was as good as it could possibly get!!! The organization's running the festival addressed all the criticisms of last year ten fold. Plenty of everything- activities, food, and restrooms with almost no lines for anything. The vendors all along the street provided an incredible variety of Harry Potter related merchandise all at reasonable prices. Well done Chestnut Hill, 5+ stars all around!
I took my three sons, ages 8, 11, and 13, to the Chestnut Hill Harry Potter festival on Saturday, October 22, 2016. It was a complete let down and a terrible experience.  It took about 45 minutes to go the last 3 miles. Parking was a total disaster-clearly they did not plan for the number of people who showed up. The "festival" consisted of a street of stores that had cardboard Harry Potter signs of various types. There were a few tables set up in the street with Harry Potter themed activities, but each activity was more lame than the last. There was a sorting hat demonstration, with a line containing a couple hundred people... And the sorting consisted of sitting in a plastic chair for about 10 seconds with someone then telling you which house you belonged to. My kids wanted to leave within 10 minutes of getting there. We finally found the butter beer stand... Only to learn that they had run out of butter beer after we stood in line for a solid 30 minutes. My advice-stay away. Spend an enjoyable day somewhere else with your family.
I grew up on Harry Potter, and I had never been to any Harry Potter fest before. I really wanted to like it, but even before the crowds hit, it was really disappointing. There was no food, nothing to drink, and no  activities besides arts and crafts for 5 year olds. None of the activities were aimed at the original Harry Potter fans, who are now 25+. None of the shops really DID anything for the festival, besides putting up a few Harry Potter themed signs. Wells Fargo changed their name to Gringotts, for example. Cute, I guess, but little changes like that aren't worth the trip, and I only came from Fishtown. I feel awful for the people who came from out of state. As my girlfriend said to a woman who came from Tennessee just for the event, "Philly is better than this." Apparently the Chestnut Hill businesses lobbied to keep all other businesses out of the actual festival, so I never even saw Zsa's ice cream (a Philly based ice cream company), who planned amazing Harry Potter themed ice cream sandwiches just for the event. It's a real shame the Chestnut Hill businesses didn't deliver, and an even bigger shame they blocked our businesses that would have. 

When the crowds hit, I began to panic. Everyone was chest to back, shoulder to shoulder. It was traumatizing, and everyone was m miserable, angry, or scared. I saw an abandoned stroller that was filed with trash, and many folks huddled in doorways to avoid the crowd. 

This festival was a huge waste of time. The people who decided to advertise on a national scale and do nothing to plan for the crowds owe every attendee an apology, especially the folks who came from out of state for that mess of a festival. Next year, expand the festival to include side streets, let in businesses that actually get excited about Harry Potter, include activities adults would enjoy, and hire someone who actually knows how to run a large scale event. If those changes are made, then I MIGHT consider going back next year. Maybe by then I won't be so traumatized.
