Took a kayak tour of the Schuylkill River with Hidden River Outfitters yesterday and it was a very cool experience! 

Having run along the river thousands of times, the chance to see the city and the Schuylkill Banks from the actual river was really great.

Jason led our tour- which departed from Walnut Street along the Schuylkill Banks and took us up to the Fairmount Waterworks (and back). We were provided with really nice kayaks, life vests and fascinating tidbits from Jason as he pointed out various points of interest along the way. 

Jason was really professional and provided a very helpful overview of kayaking to our group (which was comprised of first time AND experienced kayakers).

Whether you're a visitor or a local who has seen the river a million times, I definitely recommend experiencing a kayak tour of the Hidden River!
My girlfriend and I were meaning to try kayaking in Philly for a while when I came across Hidden River Outfitters. We signed up for the 4pm guided kayak tour on the schuylkill river. Although much more expensive than renting a kayak for an hour on a lake, this was an experience I would highly recommend. My one disappointment was it really wasn't a "tour". I was hoping for the guides to tell us some things about the river , but it was more of just them supervising the large group of us. We were on the water for about 2 hours, going all the way up to the waterworks restaurant.

On the paddle back you will get to see one of the most unique views of the city. It is a bit of a workout for those who haven't experienced it before. Overall a great date idea if you are looking for something fun to do outdoors.
Three of us rented out a one-man and tandem kayak from Hidden River for three hours to use on the Schuylkill River. Kara and Jason helped us out a lot by making the rental process simple and providing quality kayaks and gear for our use. Were relatively novice at kayaking, so Kara gave us some good tips before we headed off. We had an easy and enjoyable experience renting from Hidden River Outfitters, and we will definitely do business with them again on our next kayak outing.
