Hidden between Walnut Lane and Lincoln Drive on Wissahickon Ave is a very narrow driveway. Down that very narrow driveway you will find one of the premiere makeout spots in northwest Philadelphia: Historic Rittenhouse. For decades (possibly even a century), teens with drivers license and adults alike have slowly cruised into this quaint and charming little village by the Monoshone Creek to while away the latenight hours in amorous ecstacy. 

"But what about the people who live in the houses?" you ask... indeed. This is one of the unsolved mysteries of my life, and actually with regard to Fairmount Park in general: how does one go about becoming a caretaker of the historic houses on Park land? In the case of Historic Rittenhouse, are they caretakers or do they actually own them? Regardless of the answers, in all the years that my friends and I have been stopping there (and our parents and grandparents), no one has ever come outside to chase us away. 

There are great things to do in the daytime, too. There are programs and the visitor's center is chock-full of information about the history of the area and particularly its role in the Revolutionary war. The grounds by the creek are public and beautiful, with lots of benches generously spaced for your tranquility. The creek itself is walkable, and 75 yards or so downstream you'll find giant rocks that are made for lounging-- in the hot days of summer, they are shaded by the trees and "naturally air conditioned" by the shallow but swift-moving Monoshone! There are also various trails leading back into the Wissahickon Valley, some more developed than others, (meaning there's something for pretty much everyone).

The only warning is that the driveway leading to and from the area is a tiny one car wide, so be prepared to be the one who has to back up. Day or night, go slowly-- bikers, walkers and other cars will be coming at you occasionally. And if you're there at 2 am, not everyone will be sober, so be *extra* careful and don't count on seeing headlights first...
It is amazing that Rittenhouse Town has survived into the 21st Century.  This colonial village still stands astride the Monoshone Creek in the Germantown section of Philadelphia.  Today it is part of Fairmount Park although families still live in its houses.  That is except for one house which is used to demonstrate early paper making as this was where William Rittenhouse established the first paper mill in America.  Hiking trails and bike paths go through Rittenhouse Town and the Wissahickon Creek along with Forbidden Drive is only a few minute walk south.  Check out Rittenhouse Town when you feel like being outdoors and visiting one of Philadelphia's historic villages.
The "wiser" (older lol) I get, the more I like my peace, solitude and peace of mind. From time to time, I literally come to Wissahickon just to get lost. And today, I did just that. I literally was lost looking for Lover's Leap, which is one of the landmarks on the trail. So, I set out like the little explorer I aspire to be with my trail snacks and beverages. Hiking about, thwarting off pesky gnats, and ticks whilst still trying not to melt into a puddle from the sun. But to my chagrin I ended up on a golf course instead of the darling meadow I dreamt up in my head. Although I used their map  and google maps I still couldn't locate my destination. It was off of the beaten path and I wouldn't recommend it for scaredy cat first time explorers like myself lol. Take someone with you if you want to venture off the main trail or at least have a backpack full of Dora's exploring goodies...mine weren't too good for the sounds I heard but I was definitely prepared for a mini picnic which is more my speed. I did however, see my first chipmunk ever. The sights are beautiful, there's history to be learned at every turn and the sound of the rolling water is the perfect white noise to block out the worries of the world. I saw Come join me in my next quest...you bring the big stick, I'll bring the repellent!
If the museum was open when we visited, we may have enjoyed it more. But there was very little information except for two informational plaques. It's fascinating to see that history, but it just felt awkward being there because these are otherwise people's homes in this isolated neighborhood.
This is a treasure... Rich and fascinating history and located very close to home! I got a very warm greeting by Miles, and he very kindly welcomed me back.
