Ordered a custom banner, sent in the vector artwork, was told that it would probably be done in 10 business days and that Matt would send me the details for my order. 

I have called every. single. day. since then and only ever been connected to receptionists, who inform me that Matt is "out" and promise to ask Matt to contact me. 

Spoiler alert: Matt has not, in fact, contacted me, nor picked up when I call his cell phone. 

10 days later, I have no banner for our high-profile event this weekend. I contacted the Fedex in Willow Grove instead and learned that they print custom banners with a - wait for it - 24hr turnaround time. Thank goodness for Fedex. 

Please do not waste your time on Humphry's. Call the good people at Fedex and get your flag made right.
Well, it is a very interesting place to visit - that is certain - in a weird "hoarder" sort of way. 

But after buying a small Kentucky flag that was coming in later that week, paying for it with the postage, here I am 3 months, one email and MANY phone calls later with no flag.  Extremely frustrating.  2 weeks ago was the last call - promise of mailing it that day and said they had already mailed it once (I highly doubt that).  Then was told that if I received both of them,  I should pay for the other (this is a $4 item by the way)

I live in Kentucky and could probably find the flag here, but now it has become a matter of principle!

moral:  only buy what they have in stock
I visited Humphrys to pick up a USA flag for the World Cup. Little did I know the treat I was in for. Matt, the proprietor, is a wonderful, friendly  person with extensive knowledge of flags and their symbology. He is also a great person to talk to about political and social reconciliation post-conflict (he has a degree in political science), art (he is a practicing artist, and his work is present in the shop), and all manner of other topics. The shop is a riot of flags and banners, many of which they make themselves. Look for the 1994 World Cup flag, a vintage Soviet flag, and an elegant flag of a ballerina that he designed and screened himself. 

I highly recommend a stop by, even just to see the wares and have a lovely chat with Matt. If you need a flag or banner, support a local, family-owned business and go to Humphrys!
I finally made it into Humphrys and was blown away by how awesome the shop is. I was always curious to go in, but never had time during the day when they are open.

All of the walls are covered in flags, and being that they make flags, there was a lot to take in. After browsing, I decided to take home a Philadelphia city flag. All of the new flags available for sale are of good quality and come in a lot of sizes.

If you are looking for something a little different, you can bring in a design to have custom flag made, which is neat. Definitely worth stopping in.
What a cool, quirky place. They have every imaginable flag you could want. The owner, Matt, has amazing amount of flag knowledge as well.  A great place to visit if you are in Philadelphia, or order from their website. They are extremely helpful and friendly.
Wow this is a very odd little place right next to the Betsy Ross house.  If you need any sort of flag, FYI they don't carry confederate battle flags, you can't get it here.  That is a store policy and I think it is a sensible one given the controversial nature of its symbolism.  Some bozo came into the store while we were there and started to berate them for being a bunch of communists for having a Soviet flag but not a Confederate one.  As a southerner, don't lecture me on the symbolism of a flag  that the KKK flew when I was growing up please.  The war of northern aggression is over and the south lost!  Get over it.  
State flags, school flags, antique flags, foreign flags, 48 star flags, 24 star flags, you name it.  They also have a fascinating collection of civil war state militia flags.  Basically they have anything and everything.  They sell decorative flag poles and finials for the top.  Very cool place.  I bought a tea stained, to look old, colonial flag and a Serapis flag which John Paul Jones flew over the captured British ship the Serapis in the revolutionary war.  Very cool and unusual place.  It is a bit like a museum.  They totally know their stuff!  One of the most interesting shops in Philly.  You should go out of your way to stop by.
I went to Humphrys to get USA flag as a gift to my friend and ended up getting tea-stained vintage looking betsy ross flag instead! My friend loved it! The store has many historic old flags   on display which makes it more like flag museum. Its right across Betsy Ross house and highly recommended to cross street and check out this cool store
