Eine der wichtigsten Sehenswürdigkeiten in Philadelphia ist sicherlich die Independence Hall, dem Ort der Unabhängigkeitserklärung. Sie ziert auch die Rückseite des 100-Dollar-Scheins.

Wir hatten uns gleich morgens Karten für die Führung besorgt. Zur Besichtigung muss man allerdings eine Sicherheitskontrolle passieren. Wer eine schwache Blase hat, sollte vor der Kontrolle noch die Toilette aufsuchen. Der Mitarbeiter des National Park Service hat die Besichtigung professionell durchgeführt und sehr viel wissenswertes erzählt.

Das Gebäude wurde im Jahre 1741 als Pennsylvania State House in Philadelphia errichtet. Damals war Pennsylvania noch die dreizehnte britische Kolonie Nordamerikas. Erst im Jahr 1775 wurde dann aus dem ehemaligen Pennsylvania State House die Independence Hall. 

Die von Thomas Jefferson geschriebene Unabhängigkeitserklärung wurde 1776  hier vom zweiten Kontinentalkongress in der Hall unterzeichnet. 1787 wurde hier die Verfassung der Vereinigten Staaten vom Kongress ausgerufen.

Von 1753 bis 1876 befand sich noch die Liberty Bell im Glockenturm der Independence Hall, die als Zeichen der Unabhängigkeit seinerzeit geläutet wurde. Die Independence Hall ist auch ein Teil des Independence National Historical Parks. Eine Besichtigung ist absolut empfehlenswert.
Is there any place in the United States more American than Independence Hall? 

Even before there was a U.S., Philadelphia was a key hub in America and it was in this building, Independence Hall (formerly the Pennsylvania State House), where a nation was born. Within its walls, the Declaration of Independence was adopted and, later, the Constitution of the United States was debated, drafted, and signed.

Construction on the ambitious (for the time) building took 21 years because it was slowly paid for by the limited provincial government. After the building opened in 1753, the site became a symbol and beacon of the country to come. Independence Hall has undergone many restorations including a 1950's National Park Service effort to return the entire structure back to its 1776 appearance.

 * Open daily 9:00am to 5:00pm
 * Open until 7:00pm in summer plus free after 5:00pm
 * Closed Christmas with limited hours Thanksgiving & New Years
 * Admission is by tour only at set times (except Jan/Feb)
 * Onsite (limited) Independence Hall tickets are free
 * Advance tickets (recommended) have a $1.50 handling fee
 * Tickets are required every month except Jan & Feb
 * Some sections of the tour are not accessible
 * There are no restrooms on site

Key revolutionary events at Independence Hall include:
 * Appointment of George Washington as Commander in Chief of the Continental Army
 * Signing the Declaration of Independence 
 * Meeting site for the Second Continental Congress
 * Adoption of the Articles of Confederation 
 * Drafting and signing the U.S. Constitution

In 1979, Independence Hall was named a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Today, it is run by the National Park Service as a revered place of American history and the birthplace of a nation.
Fantastic tour! 

It was the last tour for that day and we didn't know that we needed to get tickets for an entry time to get inside the Independence Hall. We came in towards the last hour before they closed at 5:00p. The admission was free and tickets were available at the Ranger's Desk in the Independence Visitor Center at 6th and Market Streets. This was the only place to get the free timed entry tickets but we lucked out because the ranger allowed those of us without tickets to enter with the last group. Yay! 

The tour was led by a ranger who told us about the history of this landmark, I was intrigued in hearing everything he had to say. I mean this was the room where the Declaration of Independence and the U.S. Constitution were both signed. Is it safe to say that the Independence Hall was the birthplace of the United States?? For me it was a humbling experience to be standing where the Constitution of the United States was debated, drafted and signed. There isn't much to do here but it's about how special this place is and how it is related to U.S. history. There is a second floor in the building but we only saw the first floor of the Independence Hall.

Visitors must pass through a security screening area to visit the buildings on Independence Square, including Independence Hall. Not sure when I'll be returning to Philly but I was glad I was able to see this historic place and that our visit was before the government shutdown!

Review #1257
They currently do not issue an timed entry free ticket at the visitor center. So just come by and wait in a queue. (Although all the sign still indicate to get a free timed entry ticket at get visitor center including inside the visitor center).

They limit 9 people per tour to maintain social distance. I think we waited about 30 minutes for our turn. A ranger explained a short history while waiting outside. 

A ranger is knowledgeable and told us which part is still the original.

I got overwhelmed by just standing there knowing this is the place!
It's Independence Hall y'all -- a piece of American history and there's just no way you can come here and not give it five stars!

I think in these times when Americans are at times more divided than united that we remember and take note of what brought forth this great nation. 

Taking some lines from the Declaration of Independence, I'll repeat the following lines which still ring true hundreds of years later

"We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness."

In regards to the King of England, our Founding Fathers list the following injustices:

"He has endeavoured to prevent the population of these States; for that purpose obstructing the Laws for Naturalization of Foreigners"

"He has obstructed the Administration of Justice by refusing his Assent to Laws for establishing Judiciary Powers."

"A Prince, whose character is thus marked by every act which may define a Tyrant, is unfit to be the ruler of a free people."

A profound document to read regardless of your political party, religious beliefs, or country of origin. I'd highly recommend you visit Independence Hall while in Philly!
Amazing piece of American history in Philly.

Came here on a weekday and got in line to get in for the free guided tour. It wasn't super busy but right now they're only doing nine people for tour, and the tour last about 15 minutes. So they can only accommodate a handful of people per hour. So even though the lines are not long he still have to wait quite a bit due to Covid restrictions.

Once we got in it was super cool to see. Our tour guide gave us some information about the stories what had transpired during the writing of the constitution. It was definitely a little different from what I have learned from textbooks. The whole story is absolutely amazing.

Highly recommend if you are visiting Philly.
I'm going to do what Garland told me to do, because he has my family hostage in New Jersey, which is bad on so many levels. I'm just kidding, I love New Jersey.

He told me to make my review #1776 something do to with July 4th, and so here it is.

Independence Hall is an understated little tourist hot spot in the middle of Philadelphia, which is famous for the reasons you probably already know.

What I love about this site is that you can walk right up to everything, you can drive right past everything and right through everything, and whether you want to do a whirlwind 10 minute sightseeing breeze, or a drawn-out 3-hour everything-you-ever-wanted-to-know-epic, it will cater to you. There's a lot to see around this site too, as well as the Hall, such as the Liberty Bell and such. 

You can stand in the room where the Declaration of Independence was signed. Then you can go to the bathroom with your hot significant other (or a stranger) and do very naughty illegal things.

Anything is possibly at Independence Hall. I can even take liberties and "give indepdendence" to your own hall, if you want me to. Just say the word.
When visiting Philadelphia, how can you not get interested in visiting Independence Hall?  This was in basic terms where the United States was born and just to be able to walk inside and be able to see where the likes of Washington, Jefferson, Franklin, and Hancock all signed and adopted the Declaration of Independence.

The tour itself was very interesting and the guides were very friendly and knowledgeable.  You definitely need to come early though because the line can be ridiculously long.  We tried going on a Friday after at around 11am and the line was so long that we changed plans and went early morning around 9am on the following Sunday instead when the line was much shorter.

Independence Hall is definitely recommended for tourists and history buffs, but the tour experience alone is worth it for anyone really, even for locals as well.
"Independence Hall" was a walk down our illustrious beginnings. It gave insight into how the United States became what it is today. Some of the story was new, some I learned in school. But nevertheless all of it informative. The lady that ran our tour was a character herself. She made it fun and interesting learning about how out Government came to be. I learned that Independence Day was really on the second and that Benjamin Franklin wanted only one Congress. I recommend anyone who visits Philadelphia, come to "Independence Hall." The tour is free, but the knowledge you gain is priceless. Also be prepared to be crammed in a room with about forty people. The tour fills up pretty quickly.
When I knew that I was coming to the area for an interview, I had to come to Independence Hall. Unfortunately, I got to downtown Philadelphia too late in the day to go inside the place. I found a parking spot a half a block away, and I still got to take some pretty good photos, so it wasn't a total loss. 
It was great to check out this landmark and appreciate the history behind it. After all, the Declaration of Independence was adopted here! The building has a big place in our nation's history.
After hours, there are guards watching over this place. You can't get near the building once the place is closed, so come here before 5:00 PM! I got here 15 minutes too late, but I have a feeling that I'll be back to the north-east sometime next year, so I will have a chance to experience the site in its entirety. Stay tuned for an updated interview.
***Independence Hall is a must visit because of its history, but the tour was surprisingly bland and the experience was definitely weakened by the negative and uninteresting tour guide***

Independence Hall (the old Pennsylvania State House) is the home of many great historical moments in United States history and viewing the interior of this building feels really special.  There is a quiet and well-maintained (but not commercial or overly updated) feel that makes it easy to imagine the major events that happened here so long ago.

The area outside of Independence Hall is nice too.  It is a great looking building and the greenery, pathways and statues around the hall are all great.

The tour though was surprisingly bland and a lot of this was due to the very below average tour guide.  He had a very negative energy and attitude towards the history of the place.  He ended up making the historical proceedings here feel small and even somewhat insignificant.  He also delved way too deep into the details (focusing on minor characters and moments), which really detracted from the main storyline of this historical attraction.  It is definitely worthwhile learning something new, but I felt what was presented was very uninteresting.

Despite the poor presentation from the tour guide, Independence Hall feels special and worth a visit.  It is free to visit and not a long tour (it is a very small building), but you need to make sure you grab a ticket first at the nearby visitor center (a block or so away from Independence Hall).  With or without a great tour guide though, Independence Hall is still a major landmark and a must visit for those visiting Philadelphia.

There are a few pay parking structures near Independence Hall.  Metered street parking is also available.
Independence Hall is closed for the time being but how can you not be moved just by being here - hot, cramped and claustrophobic, these tiny chambers were host to some of the most consequential debates of mankind. 

It's anathema to modern thinking when conferences and business gatherings are now overweened spectacles designed with the expectation of luxury and ridiculous team building exercises, that any consensus could be formed without the benefit of high-end catering, 24/7 connectivity and one drunken buffoon from sales.

Would our country even exist if these debates had been conducted over Skype or Zoom absent the passions of a room sweltering in 95 degree heat. 

I have my doubts considering the climate controlled lassitude of our current Congress and the venomous keyboarding of our Commander-in-Chief who loves to taunt enemies from the cloud-based tranquility of the Twitterverse.

I have been to this building countless times and with each there's new learning. When everything is open once again, Philadelphia will be one of my first stops. A star rating seems so trivial. It's Independence Hall - it's part of who we are. Go immerse yourself in it.
While we were in Philadelphia we visited the independence hall. We got a tour around the building and to see all the history and patriotism behind what happened in the streets of Philadelphia. Philadelphia is filled with history a lot of different things that have shaped America back in the 1700s and 1800s so this was a very informative fun trip that we had
The admission is FREE!! You need to get a ticket at the Independence Visitor Center (open at 8:30am) with timed entry. Go as early as possible because tickets run out fast since they only give out the same day entrance. You can pick a later time of the day too. 

It is a guided tour so you will get lots of information about the history. Very informative. In that area, many other tourist attractions as well.
It's hard to give this place less than five stars given that it's the original home to the creation of the Declaration of Independence and Constitution.  

Groups of twenty to thirty-ish are ushered in at a time for a thirty minute tour/history refresher on each of the rooms in the building. It was very humbling to stand where history was made and imagine our founding fathers working by candlelight. 

Winter warning: we waited outside forty minutes in the line before making our way to the security checkpoint. Free to enter once you make it. Rumor has it, you can reserve time slots during the warmer/busier months. 

Located across the street from the Liberty Bell Center and the property that once housed the first presidential home of the United States. (Now a public restroom)
On my first visit to Philadelphia, I wanted to take in some U.S. historical sites. My friend and I reserved a ticket to tour Independence Hall on the morning of our visit to town. Many years ago, I was a history major, but early American history was never my focus, and I found the visit very interesting, very informative. A room in Independence Hall is where the Declaration of Independence was signed in 1776 and where the Constitution was signed 11 years later. Our park ranger/tour guide was a little scattered and hard to follow, but the information he provided made me interested to read more about the history of Independence Hall when I got home from the trip. The website and tickets say that you should arrive 30 minutes early, but I don't think that's necessary. We showed up 30 minutes early only to be told we would have to stand in the square for 30 minutes until our tour got called right at the ticketed time (although you can wander over for a short tour of Congress Hall if you get there early); we got lucky and the park ranger let us join the earlier tour! It's a short tour, but it's free and informative. It was a great way to take in some Philadelphia and early American history on a short trip to the city for the first time!
History and to be where our founding fathers sat is amazing.  Get your tickets at the visitors center.  There is much to see so plan and enjoy your time.
Historical hall and right across from Liberty Bell!

Patriotic place and very east coast vibes when I see brick buildings and plenty of monuments all around the area! 

It's a nice reminder to show the national aspects of how America came to be.  

I learned a lot of history when exploring the historical sites in this spot and vicinity.
Step 1: get free timed tickets from the Visitor Center
Step 2: Go through security 20-30 minutes prior to your timed visit
Step 3: (hang out in the courtyard area or go to a free exhibit nearby to kill time)
Step 4: form a single file line at least 5 minutes prior to your scheduled visit right outside of the hall
Step 5: Be prepared to sit through an hour of 7th-grade history lessons

Total time expected: a MINIMUM of two hours total if you get your tickets early in the morning. If you arrive during mid-day, expect to wait for up to several hours to get in the Hall.

There is no line at the Visitor Center. You get your timed tickets and an area map. Use bathroom (fairly clean) here. 

Shortly after (or you wait for awhile if your timed visit is hours later), you line up at security. You can either line up right then or visit an exhibit located right next to the Hall to kill time. After you line up for your timed visit, they bring you to a small room and give you a lecture (9 minutes) first on the brief historical significance of Independence Hall. Then you go to see the court room for more lecture for about 10 minutes. Lastly, they let you see the third section of the Hall where you listen to more history. They don't let you go upstairs (forgot what that room was about) during summer time because they are trying to let in and out as many tourists as possible. So come back during winter time where you get to view upstairs as well!

From its website, they make it clear that timed tickets can be sold out as early as 1pm on a daily basis. So if you are here at 1pm and get the last timed visit of the day, go visit Liberty Bell first (or the free exhibits inside the Hall that don't require any tickets) to kill some time.
Biggest MUST SEE IN PHILLY. Yes, I am screaming this at the top of my lungs because it is simply amazing. To see where our country's Founding Fathers signed, sealed, and delivered both the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution put me in an AWWW state. I am simply put one of the biggest history nerds ever to say the least. I am not going to sit here and say I know anything and everything, but I do enjoy learning about history and this was probably the biggest highlight of my trip to Philly. For me to simply be in the presence was a little piece of heaven for me.

NPS rangers are in the Hall giving specific details of the history of the building and what had roam these halls since its consecration in the mid 1700s. Independence Hall has seen a lot. It has also been remodeled and reconstructed over the last 300 years all of which you will learn here.

One thing I'd like to mention that I got to experience -- I met the innkeeper of Independence Hall and a young Mr. Thomas Jefferson circa 1774. That was a memorable experience in itself. OK, so let me explain...

My friends and I had just finished the tour on the inside and the place was closing. I walked outside to find these 2 gentleman in period garb... colonial times and all. I loved Mr. Jefferson's red hair. Our 3rd president was a fierce redhead back in the date and this actor was sporting his redhead wig with pony tail and all. I sat on the bench and started speaking to them about the Independence Hall. They never broke character. It was only my friends, myself, and the 2 of them. It was so neat and I enjoyed speaking to them.

This is the kind of stuff you're going to run into when visiting here, and I can't wait to return. Mind I mention Mr. Jefferson was a dashing look lad... the actor of course.
America was built here. I strongly advise you to take the tour. It's only 30 minutes, and it's not too hard on your feet. The building itself has remained in place since the 1740's, and saw the likes of Thomas Jefferson in his draft room writing out the Declaration of Independence -- which had forty-seven corrections, not because Jefferson was a bad writer but because too many blowhards wanted their take on precise language to how to make America its own country while shoehorning certain United Kingdom credences into the creation of the U.S.A. The tour spends time in three rooms, one of them the draft room as said, a second one the first supreme court. Fascinating. #historymaking
My boyfriend and I planned a last-minute trip to Philly, and after our second year of law school we obviously had to visit Independence Hall to see where the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution were signed. 

I checked the website to see if I could get advanced tickets for a Wednesday tour, but I was surprised to see that tickets were sold out for the rest of the week. I was bummed and thought that we wouldn't be able to make it, but we were able to snag tickets at the visitor center for a tour a few hours later. It seems poorly planned that you get the tickets at the visitor center and then have to walk back to Independence Hall. We saw a few people try to enter Independence Hall who were confused about the ticket situation. Even if you get the advanced tickets online you can't print them, so you have to go to the visitor center anyways to pick up your tickets at will call. 

After going through security, you have to weigh out in the courtyard for your tour time. Not sure why we were told to arrive 30 minutes early, but it was a nice day so we just sat on one of the many benches. When our tour time was finally called there was about 30 of us in the group. Our tour guide was great - he was very knowledgeable and cracked a few dad jokes. The tour took about 30 minutes and we saw The Pennsylvania Supreme Court and the Assembly Room where the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence were signed.
How can you *not* give Independence Hall five stars?

"The people in this establishment have produced some historically significant documents, but don't you think they're resting on their laurels a bit? It's been more than 200 years -- do something new already. Three stars."

In all seriousness, every American should visit this site and stand in the room where our Founding Fathers adopted the ideals that still shape our country today.

Tickets are free, though they are required to enter. And once inside, a park ranger shows off the rooms and enlightens everyone to the history made at this site.

The building seems well taken care of, and it's decorated and set up like it was during the Revolutionary War.

And after you're done with the tour, you can hang around the grounds. Be sure to find the plaque on the ground by the Washington statue that shows where President Kennedy stood to give an address on July 4, 1962.

Getting through the line and taking the tour didn't take long at all, so it's easy to fit in among other stops in Philly.  

It's easy to take our history for granted. This helps it seem more real and helps us understand just how extraordinary these men's actions were.
Best to come here early to avoid the lines. You need to go to the visitor center to get tickets to this tour. It's a great place to visit and learn more about our countries journey to independence. To be able to literally stand where America was created and revisit the stories that lead up to the Declaration of Independence, Articles of Confederation and the Constitution is was very informative and inspiring. The tickets are free and you can book in advance online.  

The tour takes you through two rooms which our ancestors deliberated on the inner workings of our government. Be sure to take a picture beside the George Washington statue in front of the building. This is where America was born. This is where the Declaration of Independence was signed and I felt fortunate to see where history was made!
Not much I can possibly add here that dozens of others haven't already stated more eloquently than I could.  If you have even a passing interest in American History and you're in the area, you absolutely must stop here.  Reservations for tours on Recreation.gov cost exactly one George Washington per person, so an extremely appropriate and high value tour. Was told to arrive 30 mins. prior to my tour time to clear the security checkpoint.  On a Friday morning, we were through in under a minute. Every Park Ranger there (and every one I've ever met over a number of visits through the years!) has been highly knowledgable and engaging.
Look, this is a no brainer.  This is one of the most important historical locations in the United States, and it's essentially free to receive a small group tour.  What's not to like?
When you come to Philadelphia this is a must stop. Literally the birthplace of America. Where would we be without the historic events which took place here. The founding of our country. To enter the hall is free, simply enter through a checkpoint and you go directly on a tour with 70 other people who wait to enter the hall. Usually the tour takes about 20-30 minutes. The tour guides do a great job of explaining the different events which took place there. The hall is exactly the same as it was when the historic documents were debated and signed. I can only imagine the conversations and debates which were had while formulating our government. So much history. Definitely a must see when in Philadelphia.
Free tours! Who doesn't love free?!?!

You get your timed ticket at the Visitor Center a block or so up from the site. And I think you can reserve tickets online ahead of time. We had no problem getting same-day 9:30am tickets around 8:45am, but I assume they go quicker as the day goes on and eventually 'sell out'. So I guess, go early!

You should enter the site 15-20 minutes before your tour time. This allows time for you to get through security check, which doesn't take long, but the less stuff you have the easier it is. (And hey, if you use a tray with the x-ray machine, re-stack it for the workers. It is a small kindness and they really appreciate it!) You get in line right inside and wait to file into a room to start the tour. A guide (ours, the embodiment of Philly attitude, dry and acerbic but in an entertaining and joking way).
We were able to see the two rooms in Independence Hall, followed by historical documents in the next building and the first floor of the Congress Hall. The second floor is currently under construction/renovation, but it was great to still be able to visit the first floor.

In all, for a tour of one of the most important sites in American history, we were there for about an hour and a half, including wait time, security and everything they had to offer. So it isn't a huge time-suck to get to see some history. Absolutely a must see if you're tourist-ing!
I've become a history nerd as I've gotten older and Independence Hall is one of the coolest places that I've visited. To save time, I made a reservation through the National Park Service online for a cost of $1.50 per ticket and then picked them up at the Independence Visitor Center. The whole process was easy peasy lemon squeezy. 

Going through the security line to get inside of the hall was slow, but understandable. Once you enter, they have everyone go inside a room and the tour guide will go over a brief history of the hall. After this the tour begins.

The first stop was the courtroom of the Pennsylvania Supreme Court. The gentleman went over the history of it. I found it interesting that the accused was segregated on a platform that resembled a cage, while the prosecutor and defense shared the same table (Fucking British) lol. My favorite part of the history was when a militiaman came in and ripped the King's crest off of the wall, because you know, we don't bow to no kings in America. 


After the courtroom we made our way to the Assembly Room. Ah, this is unequivocally the coolest place that I've ever stepped foot in. I mean to stand and breathe in the same room as our founding father's was fucking euphoric. Once again, the tour guide went over the history of various events that happened within that room. Obviously, the most important event was our Declaration Of Independence. Again, to stand in the same room where that happened was bad ass. George Washington's chair was even still in the Assembly Room, seriously how cool is that!


All in all, I had a great time at Independence Hall. I also think that every American that comes to Philadelphia needs to visit Independence Hall. God bless America!
Free!  (Make sure to snag your tickets about a block away at the Visitor's Center before coming here.)

This was really awe-inspiring and humbling.  You can't help but be proud to be an American while seeing (and listening) where and how it all started.

Our park ranger tour guide was brilliant and passionate (so much so that I can forgive her making a dig against New Jersey!) and now I'm off to buy 'Common Sense' by Thomas Paine or I'd write some more.
The complex which houses Independence Hall is a must see when in Philadelphia to check out the historical sites.  It's close to the Liberty Bell.  You do have to go through security to get into the complex of buildings.  The line was a bit long and we didn't have tickets to the main event, so we skipped going inside.

If you want to actually go into the main Independence Hall building, you must get tickets at the Visitor Center about a block north (past the Liberty Bell).  We were unlucky as tickets were gone for the day when we arrived around 2p or so, so get there earlier if you want to go in.

You can go into some of the other buildings.  The "Gift Shop" is part of it and outside of the security area.  This is also the building which housed the country's first US Supreme Court.  It you like history, that's worth it right there.

They need to rethink how they do the tickets as it is pretty far from the security line to where you need to get tickets and even walking fast, you can lose about 1/2 an hour.  Not convenient at all and no clear signs on what you need to do.  We just happened to overhear others that were angrily walking to the visitor center.  That's the reason for the 3 stars.  

You can still see the outside, take pictures, etc., but you have to plan in advance for this one.
Kinda boring, actually.  You wait and wait (timed ticket entry plus a security tent) and then hear a lecture and then see 3 rooms.

Whoopie!

But it's HISTORY so you kinda have to do it.  I did it as a kid 30 years ago and did it again today with my 11 year old.

Done.
I'm not a major history buff but I hoping to still appreciate exploring a part of our history, walking the path of our founding fathers. 
I saw they have tours every 30mins, I waiting in line for the next tour. You walk into the first room, sit in the seats and the guide begins to recount everything that happened in this room.
I was hoping for more. There wasn't much to see. Maybe I'm use to the magic of Disney and how they can transform a room and bring you back in time whether real or imaginary. 
Maybe more historical pieces, furniture, paperwork, photos.
I don't think I had access to the entire hall. Maybe there was a separate ticket to the real show but I didn't see much worth raving about.
I should probably "Talk less, smile more" because fools who run their mouths off wind up dead. With that being said, I need to write this because I'm tired of telling folks(in person) why I loved it so much. If you've ever been to DC, then you've been exposed to this type of history at some point. There's one huge difference. As cool as Washington DC can be, I'm not a fan because it's established history. A lot of the government buildings in DC are still used. 

"Don't say no to this." In Philly, these historical buildings interest me because you get to see the rooms that Congress and the Senate used before they had any type of idea on what this country would be. It's amazing to think about. 20-30 people in a small room debating on how to start a country. I can't imagine all of the discussions that took place in Philly. Pressures to be fair, to decide on whether to put the Schuyler Sisters in the sequel, and to create a government that didn't mirror what they got away from across the pond. It's definitely not perfect, but it's amazing what was accomplished here pre-America. 

I had a larger sense of connection in these simple rooms as compared to DC. I felt like I needed to start singing "Here comes the General." Along with the pressures, there were also British troops close by. "Can I be real a second? Let down my guard and tell the people how I feel a second?" It's no wonder that a strong personality like Washington had so much support. This was the first time I understood the influence he had in history. With those small rooms, I'm sure he didn't have an issue getting to know everyone.

At this point, you might be asking "How does Brad write Yelp reviews like he's running out of time? Write day and night like he's running out of time." As the tour guide takes you around and tells you stories about the sites, you also get a sense of all that was/is wrong with America. In those early days as difficult as it must've been to put a country together, you can also sense the imperfections happening. Even in a perfect and undefined world, there's no way to make everyone "Satisfied." The tour guides are awesome here! Educational and entertaining to keep you interested. At first I felt like I was on an elementary school field trip since it was early in the morning. It didn't take long for our guide to start cracking historical and geographical jokes. It would make me go back to see if the jokes change! The banter is on point... even for 1776 standards.

There is also another building with copies of the Declaration, Articles, and Constitution. Note: These aren't the original copies, but we were told that they're the first copies to be printed out. 

Other notables:
-- It's free with tickets(Get them at the visitor center.)
-- Go here first. "Figure it out. That's an order from your commander."
-- Get there early or expect an extra 10-20 minutes to get through security.

-- You're behind on life if you don't get all these references. Quit assuming that it happened and seek out the "Room Where it Happens."
As much as I love history, this attraction is a little on the dull side. (Similar to the Liberty Bell.) I still think it's worth a quick visit of course, but you need to get tickets and reserve a time at the Independence Visitor Center. Tickets are free, but they go fast, so get your ticket reservations first before seeing the Liberty Bell.

It's a guided tour, so you get to hear about some history, and you stand where our founding fathers gathered. Soak in the history and get ready to feel life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness rushing through your veins. Aside from that, there's not much else going on.
For its historical significance, Independence Hall gets five out of five stars from me. This is the birthplace of America. Both the Declaration of Independence (1776) and the Constitution (1787) were signed here. You can see the room where the documents were signed, an original draft of the Constitution, and even the inkstand used to sign the Declaration of Independence.

Admission is free. Admission is also free to the adjacent Liberty Bell Center (https://www.yelp.com/biz/liberty-bell-center-philadelphia-2). I recommend going to both back-to-back. While the Liberty Bell Center is open on a first-come, first-served basis, admission to Independence Hall is ticketed during most times of the year. Both buildings are run by the National Park Service. Rangers serve as guides and staff. You have to be screened at a security checkpoint in order to enter either building.

Tickets to Independence Hall can be obtained for free at the Independence Visitor Center located about a couple blocks north at the corner of 6th and Market Streets. Same-day ticket distribution begins at 8:30am daily on a first-come, first-served basis. You can also reserve tickets in advance for $1 per ticket (nonrefundable). Check the National Park Service's website for details: https://www.nps.gov/inde/planyourvisit/independencehall.htm.

The tickets are for tours. The first ticketed tour begins at 9am and tours start every 20 minutes until 4:40pm (last ticketed tour of the day). During extended hours (summertime only), no ticket is required from 5-7pm. Tickets also aren't required in the months of January and February and on July 4th, Thanksgiving Day, and Christmas Eve. The hall is closed on Christmas Day.

Most importantly, Rocky Balboa jumped a park bench outside the south facade in Rocky II (1979). There was even a documentary about it and Rocky filming locations in Philadelphia, released in 2008. It's called Rocky Jumped a Park Bench (2008): https://youtu.be/ryGnmGKbRFo.
It is a building with several rooms that has a unique place in history in that it used to be essentially where our leaders and founding fathers met and where it all began essentially.  You actually walk into the same room that Washington, Franklin, and others were in.  It really is cool history.
Plan ahead and get your ticket early from the visitor center across the street. We went to get our free tickets (yes, free to all!) at noon on a Monday and the earliest time available was 4 pm. Luckily, the US Constitution Center is across the street from the visitor's center and AMAZING, thus very easy to kill time. 

You line up 30 min. prior to your ticketed tour, go through security and then stand in an enormous line while a worker yells out instructions and calls out ticket times. You are taken in a large group into a staging room where your tour guide gives some rules and history about the building and what to expect (essentially killing time until the prior group was finished with the actual rooms where government met and signed historical documents). 

The actual rooms were our first government first met were really amazing to see in person. They renovated or recreated the decor and setup of the original rooms and the tour guide shares some additional facts pertaining to what happened there and who was involved. It was challenging to hear the tour guide and it was slightly slow and dull at times (and we love history). We would have greatly preferred a self-guided tour since it was free and a fee for those who opt into a guided tour. 

This was an average experience for us, although we're happy we saw this once. Some amazing moments for our nation happened there!
Make sure that you get your free time-stamped ticket at the visitor's center BEFORE you walk to Independence Hall.   (Otherwise, all you will be able to see is the gift shop.)

We had a great guide, a soon-to-be-retired MS history teacher that kept calling us all "boys and girls."   

Definitely a must see.   It took about 40 minutes total.
How could you give this place less than 5 stars? Tours are free. You can see real copies of the Declaration of Independence, see where it was signed and get a feel for what our founding fathers experienced in America's early days. 

We came in the midst of December so there wasn't a wait at all... and well worth the fridig temperatures to be see such a historical site!
I think this one also required tickets, but it was otherwise free. It made more sense to me that there were tickets for this. 

Again, with the security! Just like at the Liberty Bell, a metal detector, wands, and an X-ray machine. It just felt a little ridiculous. First off, the hall is only 15 feet away from the street with only a fence separating it (one that can be easily climbed) with temporary crowd fences surrounding it. If someone wanted to do something terrible, they wouldn't go through the tour. Just my observation, and just general disdain for the way our culture had gone to require security for the most simple of things. Rant over.

Otherwise, the national parks service rangers are all very pleasant and knowledgeable. There was one gentleman, he gave a very funny speech about being off your phone while visiting, but to take many pictures. I loved that they did this.

The place has been kept in great shape, and it is a modest structure of the 18th century, beautiful nonetheless. I was looking forward to visiting the birthplace of our nation.
The Park Rangers do a great job with making history come alive here on the tours. They tell a very detailed story about the overall history of each building and the times, artwork and overall details. On the grounds there's greenery with many trees and a few different buildings. The buildings are amazing, but they do a splendid job of engaging the audience and making sure that everyone appreciates the history before them. 

There were several interesting historical facts. One of the rooms, was the actual room that President George Washington was first sworn in for his inauguration. It was cool to see where senate and congress sat and discussed many of the founding ideals and principles that America is based upon. The Rangers did a great job explaining many of 'fun facts' that are often left our of historical texts. 

The buildings are old, therefore they are a little dusty. We looked around and noticed several people coughing or eyes watering from the dust. There is very little airflow and in some cases, the rooms can be dark. The Mr.'s eyes started itching terribly and a one of the ladies from our group had to exit the building. Take your allergy meds before this trip.

Visitors are allowed to enter some the buildings without a ticket. Independence Hall requires a ticket for admission. Pictures are permitted, flash doesn't seem to be a problem, though I did not see too many people using their flash. It is helpful since the space is rather dark. We were notified that much of the original furniture has been removed. However, a few of the original pieces are still present. Very cool to see and an added bonus to the Liberty Bell visit.
No tickets required in January or February... and we figured out why, its bleeding cold!

We had a few hours before heading back to SoCal, and came here on a Wednesday in February, and the place was empty.  Its walking distance (across the park) from the Liberty Bell.  Find this little door and that'll take you to the security area for Independence Hall.  

We had just missed the tour, and the next one was in 15 minutes at 11:45 am.  We didn't have much time, so a few of us opted to not stay and to head over to Betsy Ross' house.  A few of my friends did stay and said the tour was no different than going to Knott's Berry Farm in Buena Park, CA https://www.yelp.com/biz/independence-hall-buena-park so I was glad I skipped it.

We did check out the building next door which had drafts of our Declaration.  
Too bad I only had 3 hours to play tourist. I'd come back to visit again.
NATIONAL TREASURE STOP #1

Well organized tour of about 30 mins with an informative and interesting guide. You get to see two rooms with one room being where the Declaration was signed just as what Nicholas Cage said as "the last time this [the Declaration] was in this room was when it was being signed."

You must get tickets prior to your visit at the Visitor Center (free) or reserve online (small fee). It must have been low tourism season because we were able to pick up tickets at the Visitor Center for a tour an hour later. Get to the meeting spot about 15 minutes early to go through security.
This is what a trip to Philly is all about!  An absolute MUST for all Americans interested in the history of our great nation.  To actually stand in the building where our founding fathers proclaimed their freedom was like stepping into a time machine.  To make the experience even more memorable, bring a history buff with you. The tour guides help bring the story alive and our guide was informative, humorous, and kept everyone's attention.  

Tours (free of course) sell out quickly so plan to get to the visitor center early to secure a time.  You can pre-order on-line and pay a very small convenience fee (1.50 per person) which is well worth the hassle especially if you are driving a long distance or just coming for the day.  They will have your tickets ready for you at the visitor center. Not to be missed!
I went to Independence Hall on the 4th of July weekend. It was very busy but expected. Guest must have tickets in order to take the tour. The tickets can be reserved online or pickup up at the welcome center (free). The line is usually very long for ticket pickup, so arriving early is a good choice. Tickets will have the time slot for your Independence Hall tour. The tour last for 30 minutes. I thought the tour was informative. It's cool seeing the room where everything took place. Guest can take pictures. Independence Hall is a cool tourist attraction in Philadelphia.
Our tour guide was Sarah. She was very knowledgeable and sweet. It was ok. Kinda boring to me. I love history but its all recreations of the original stuff and i guess i was just expecting a LOT more. At least the George Washington chair was the same. When you leave and go next door to see the Declaration of Independence copy i was less than thrilled having to deal with all these yambags hogging up their time in front of the display to take photos. Take a photo and move it along sister. This absolute horrific twat and her 3 awful crotch goblins would not move until i finally pushed the one kid out of my way. Awful kids. This was def a one and done kind of thing. Glad i saw it never have to see it again. Philly is in itself a fairly grimy town and i was kinda happy to leave.
Bottom Line:  One of the most significant buildings in the history of the USA  and definitely worth a visit and some quiet contemplation.

When I think of Philadelphia I think of Independence Hall so of course I had to visit the famous building from the 1750s.  Seeing the actual space where the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution were signed was almost surreal.  It is wonderful that the building has survived for 250+ years (with some reconstruction along the way).

It goes without saying that this is a very popular place to visit and with that comes crowds, crowd control and time constraints.  Unfortunately we were herded in and out of the Supreme Court Room and the Assembly Room (where the famous signings took place) rather quickly, even in the least busy month of February.  There were about 40 or so people in my group so to see the rooms you kinda had to jockey for position or trail behind the group as the mass exited the space, We did not get to see the three rooms upstairs.

I would love to have ten or so minutes to survey the Assembly Room and the period objects on the desks.  It would be great to sit there and  contemplate the events that took place in that room and the inevitable confrontation and spirited debates that occurred. Plus, powdered wigs and tights in July without air conditioning or deodorant must have been so uncomfortable and malodorous.

After seeing Independence Hall visitors are able to go see the Great Essentials collection which consists of an ink well and three documents.  The ink well is cool because it is believed to be the one used by the 56 signers of the Declaration of Independence.  The three documents on display are the Declaration of Independence, Articles of Confederation and Constitution.  The day I visited the Declaration of Independnece was a copy and the Articles of Confederation and Constitution were "original printed copies." I'll refrain from digressing on the subject of originals v. "original printed copies" v. straight up copies.

Since I visited in February timed entry passes (we're not needed).  We waited in line to go through security for about 10 or 15 minutes.  After Security we waited in line for about ten more minutes before suiting the Supreme Court Room first and the Assembly Room second.
Take a step back into history here. There is so much to see here and definitely an abundance of information, so be ready to get schooled. I have a fascination with American History and coming to these historic sites are some of my favorite things to do. You cannot tour Independence Hall (main hall) unless you have tickets. To avoid lines, get your tickets ahead of time and you can schedule a time to go or if you can't do that, you will need to wait in line at the Visitor's Center to try to secure tickets. The grounds are beautiful, which you can walk around without tickets, plus visit the room that houses the original copies of the Declaration Of Independence and the US Constitution. Guided tours are led by the National Park rangers and they are highly informative, so ask your questions. We went during the summer (beginning of August), so it wasn't too hot and there are plenty of shaded areas because of all the trees around. It's close to other historic sites, restaurants, bars and stores. Enjoy learning about past leaders and the early start of America.
Stop at the visitor center (one block away) to pick up your free tour tickets. Earlier is better! 

In hindsight, I should have gone earlier in the morning to get my tour ticket before getting into the Liberty Bell line. Otherwise, it looks like you can also reserve in advance online but you'll still need to pick up your tickets at the visitor center from what I heard at security. 

If you don't have time for a tour, as was my case, you can still go through security and walk around and take pictures outside. 

I'll be back another time for the tour.
I do think if you a visiting Philadelphia, Independence Hall is too significant to miss. The two most important US documents were discussed and signed here and all your favorite founding fathers were here (not always at the same time). Having said that, people get it's important because it's also really crowded.

Suggestion: since it's free and important and thus super popular, come early. One day I was going to do it in an afternoon and line was crazy long so I came back in the morning. You are going to have a line, go through security, wait in another line, then groups of like 60 people will crowd into room #1, then you move to room #2, then you're out. There's a tour guide speaking, but they are trying to get as many people through, so it's not a discussion/question and answer seminar. You can snap a couple of quick pics still, just need to time it so people aren't in your shot. 

Definitely interesting but it can be time consuming to wait. It is a must see but probably a one time only need to see.
I visited here on 21 March 2019. Both as a grad student studying U.S. history and a long-time fan of Sherman Edwards & Peter Stone's "1776," I was thrilled to finally see the building where both the Declaration of Independence and the U.S. Constitution were signed. The tour is free, but a lot of it is outdoors so inclement weather could probably be unpleasant for some. There was only a light drizzle when I visited, so it was okay.

The National Parks Ranger begins the timed tour with a brief history of the building from its place as the seat of the colonial government up to its historical preservation before leading groups into the famous portion of the building. The signing room is restored, but it contains the original chair that George Washington sat in during the ratification of the U.S. Constitution. The tour and the path you take through the building are designed to let the full weight of history fill the group, adding to the overall experience.

Between the visitor center and Independence Hall is the Liberty Bell, now on display while the Centennial Bell chimes out the time. It's free to visit the bell as well and the NPS has it displayed so that visitors may walk around it to see all sides, including the back where early standards of spelling led to Pennsylvania appearing as "Pensylvania." Some say the bell is smaller than they expect, but it's still fun to see, especially since there's a glass wall behind it so NPS Rangers can point out where it used to reside just across the street.

The visitor center has further information as well as a reproduction of the President of Congress's chair for photo opportunities. It's well-worth taking the time to visit the room where it happened!
VISIT THIS NATIONAL LANDMARK (and UNESCO World Heritage Site) for FREE !

You will need an appointment ticket - available on line for a $1.50 per ticket service fee, or FREE in person at the Visitor's Center.  To be guaranteed the time and date of your choice, spend the $1.50 (or check availability on line).  During peak summer periods it is advisable to get tickets on-line.  If you are trying to walk-on and things are crazy busy, ask to be on the "stand by" list to take the appointment of no-shows.

The visitors center provides restrooms.  Go potty here, as there are NO BATHROOMS ON THE INDEPENDENCE HALL GROUNDS and it's a 10 minute walk away, across two streets + passing through security to get onto the grounds.  MAKE THE KIDS (and Grandma) GO POTTY HERE, otherwise you have a 20+ minute round trip !

The Visitor's Center provides a historical background of the Colonies & Revolutionary War.  Perfect for families with children and foreigners who need a little background.

Get to the Visitor's Center 2 hours earlier than your appointment, so that you can tour the Visitor's Center and the Liberty Bell (across the street between the Independence Hall Visitors Center and Independence Hall) before proceeding to the Independence Hall grounds.

You will have your packages and backpacks checked at the Independence Hall grounds and the Liberty bell Visitors Center.  No firearms, knives, weapons, spray paint, open drinks, chewing gum or cigarettes are allowed. Unopened bottled drinks are okay, but you cannot open them on the grounds.

A 15 minute verbal history lecture is followed by a brief tour of the building.  Most people leave without touring the adjacent Congressional Hall.  Those tours are every 20-30 minutes.  You need to get onto the grounds to do this tour.  This makes the visit complete.

Be wary of the pricing scam at "The Autopark" at the Independence Hall Visitors Center (http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-autopark-philadelphia).  They charge by the hour, not the $9 flat rate as posted on the LARGE ENTRANCE SIGNS (fine print states that the $9 rate is a special off-hours rate - when all of the historical attractions are closed).

Totally worth the visit.
This is the place where the Constitution was signed .  It is a massive campus, but the area the tour is given is very limited. Guests are taken into the hall for a 2-part 15-20 minute presentation on the building.  The first part is the judicial part where you see a reconstructed court room.  The send part is the legislative part where the laws were made.  While I waited, I was treated to an reenactment of a woman suffrage speech in the court yard.  The actress never broke character. I was impressed and felt the need to play along. I visited on the first day back since a 4 month break due to COVID. The Rangers were so excited. They are also so friendly and passionate about what they do. The tour is led by Rangers and they were awesome, so very knowledgeable. A visit here should definitely be a part of a larger trip because it does not take much time to see.  I would say about 30-45 minutes tops.  I recommend coupling it with the Liberty Bell, the Visitor's Center, the Constitution Meuseum, and the Betsy Ross House to Maximize your time.
(Review based on 3.5 stars)

If you are going to the tourist things on this side of Philly, then Independence Hall, The Liberty Bell and Washington Square Park should be part of your list to visit. Independence Hall is in the middle of both places, and a short walk from it all. At Washington Square, you can check out the tomb of the unknown solider and Washington's memorial. And of course with the Liberty Bell, this is America's symbol of freedom. All of these tourist attractions are free. 

Just as my fellow Yelp members had mentioned in their reviews, Independence Hall is free (in addition to the Liberty Bell and Washington Square Park). Tickets are necessary March through December. However if you are visiting in January or February or after 5 pm in the summer, then you don't need tickets. On a Friday afternoon, My husband and I were at Washington Square Park and had not realized that Independence Hall was so close (right across the street) and decided to check it out. We saw a sign that said no tickets needed so we got in line. One of the rangers told us that the wait should be about 45 minutes since they do a tour every 15 minutes and take quite a bit of people. Well the wait actually ended up being about 90 minutes instead. Luckily it was mostly shaded as we waited but please note that there are no restrooms here and you are required to go through a TSA like security check prior to waiting in line. 

When we finally got inside, the ranger giving the tour spoke too fast and gave too much information that was hard to process so quickly in such a short amount of time. We were shown the assembly room where the Declaration of Independence and U.S. Constitution were both signed in this room. Then right after, walked across to the Courtroom of the Pennsylvania Supreme Court, of how it was in the 1700's. If you have seen the musical 1776, this room and the assembly room are key to history of forming America. 

I honestly wished there was more on this tour and executed better. But it is significant to be in a place where history was made. That really is something.
National Park Ranger Ed Welch was our guide for our visit to Independence Hall. A very interesting, informative and memorable presentation and visit. Seeing where our country was founded and where  the signing of the Declaration of Independence & Constitution happened was a great experience and one not to be missed. 

Tours begin at 9am and happen every 20 minutes and each group is a manageable at around 70 people, which allows everyone to get a good view and hear the Ranger. 

Tickets are needed March through December and can be obtained for free from the kiosk at the visitor center, just across the road. We lined up at the visitor center at 8:15 for the 8:30 opening, and there were maybe 40 people ahead of us. The Rangers said that tickets are usually all gone by 10am, if not earlier. We obtained tickets for the 9am, first tour of the day. We used the restrooms at the visitor center, as recommended, and then made our way over to Independence Hall. There is a security screening area that we had to pass through before getting into the queue with our group. Both the line for tickets and screening moved quickly and efficiently.
This was awesome! I'm not even a history buff, but wow! Our tour guide was fantastic on our free 45 minute tour of the building where the Declaration of Independence was written and signed! The building is from the 1700s and they think is close to 90% original trim on the interior. I had a rush of emotion standing in the room where it all went down. Talk about an amazing moment in our nation's history!
Be sure to go to the visitor center first (in front of the Liberty Bell building) to get your timed ticket. I wish the tour had been longer and we'd had more time to ask questions, but the guide was very informative and engaging with the little time we had. This is definitely a worthy thing to do when you're in Philly. Do it in the morning, first thing, and spend the rest of the morning at the other historic sites. They're all very close together and they flow pretty well, too.
Happiness is instantly contagious; and you can easily become a happier person by simply surrounding yourself with others who are happy....

came here with my whole family just because...

The tour of Independence Hall is about 20 minutes.... It takes about 5 minutes to tour the Liberty Bell Pavillion...

Got early tickets (free) at the visitor center....Tickets are first come...first serve unless reserved on-line through the NPS site (nominal fee)...Tickets required for crowd control and the numbers admitted at each assigned time...which is very reasonable....go check it out for yourself!
As an American history lover I was so excited to visit here. I love visiting Philadelphia for all the awesome historic sites. It's amazing to have walked around and toured the very building that bears such significance to our nation!
The place where America started, yay! I came here for a tour, and I got lucky and got in without getting a ticket. I would definitely suggest getting a ticket online, especially if you're coming during tourist season. Anyway, we first sat in a room where we were told about the Declaration of Independence and basically the beginnings of America, and then we went to see the courtroom and the place where our founding fathers made decisions about America! Including reading the Declaration aloud, fixing it, etc. AND they still have the real chair on which George Washington sat and did his presidency! The speaker giving us the information was really informative and engaging; I really liked him. Definitely worth coming to, it's probably THE most important historic building in America.
History is something that I really do love and always wanna dive more into so when I get the chance I visit places like this because you can never stop learning about the past!

Coming here was such a random thing but totally worth it in every way as this was a very informative tour of the two rooms that made up Independence Hall the rangers were very knowledgeable with the story of what happened here with two different people explaining what happened in either room!

One of the coolest parts about coming here is you can just feel the energy in here from the past which is kinda a kick in the face to the current times as I feel our government is in shambles even more so with the election as none of the candidates are worthy because I feel they need to step back into this room and start over again just like they did back in the day!

This wasn't meant to be a political review but it needs to be said that what happened here in independence hall was definitely one of the greatest things in America history because if it wasn't for this happening who knows how much worse it would be today.

Overall super fun and very informative tour in s building that's rich with history I do hope to make it back here again at some point because you never know what else you'll discover!
We came here initially on a weekend and all the tickets were sold out. They are free, but because of COVID, they are no longer handing them out the day of. You have to reserve them online in advance for a $1 per ticket transaction fee. This is well worth it. They tell you to arrive 30 minutes before your ticketed time and we arrived a few minutes before with no problems. You go through a metal detector and can wander the grounds until your tour time. 

They will scan your ticket at this point before taking you in. One of the rangers will give you a tour and explanation of hall. It is surreal to be in the same room where the Declaration of Independence was signed. Everything is original except the furniture. The Continental Congress building is cool too and there is a ranger stationed in there that will cycle through some info for you. Both were very informative. This is a must-do when visiting Philadelphia!
As everyone else says.. it's a must see! I mean are you even American if you don't stop by here? You have to take a tour to see the Hall. There is two other sections that are free to roam. The tour is worth taking. You get to learn a lot! I enjoyed hearing all the facts you probably forgot from your 4th grade class.
Totally a tourist must do! Tickets must be purchased at the Visitor's Center before hand and you must arrive early or they will push you onto the next available tour. You can go in through security to see the other buildings for free such as the Congress Building, and such. 

The tour guides and site rangers there are super friendly and helpful. They openly, although a little indifferently disperse information about the historical sights. If you love AMERICA or even have any appreciation for revolutions, this is a place to see.
Touring Independence Hall, where both the U.S. Declaration of Independence and Constitution were adopted, was a highlight of our recent day trip to Philly. I'm no history buff, but I thoroughly enjoyed the trip back in time. 

Admission to Independence Hall is free, but tickets with a specific entry time are required from March-December (until 5:00 pm). Tickets may be booked in advance online for a $1.50/ticket handling fee. By the time we were planning our trip, tickets appeared to be sold out. The day of our visit (a Sunday), we headed to the Independence Visitor Center (down the street from Independence Hall, near the Liberty Bell) first thing in the morning to see if we could get tickets. We ended up with six tickets for a noon entry time, which was perfect!

You're asked to arrive at Independence Hall thirty minutes prior to your scheduled entry time. After a quick security check, you'll have time to wander around for a while before getting in line to enter. Highly suggest checking out: 
(1) the West Wing, which contains original printed copies of the Declaration of Independence, Articles of Confederation, and Constitution, along with the inkstand most likely used to sign the Declaration of Independence; and 
(2) the American Philosophical Society Museum (open Thursday-Sunday from 10:00 am - 4:00 pm), which is adjacent to Independence Hall and contains rotating scientific exhibits, plant specimens collected by Lewis and Clark, Benjamin Franklin's chess set, and more. 

Once you hit your ticketed entry time, you'll gather with an approximately thirty-person group and a guide will proceed to take you through several rooms of Independence Hall, including the courtroom of the 1700s Pennsylvania Supreme Court and the Assembly Room. Both rooms have been restored to look as close to the originals as possible, including being filled with period pieces and select original pieces. Our guide, Al, did a marvelous job of taking us back to the 1700s on an equally informative and entertaining tour. I believe the tour lasted around thirty minutes total.

Bottom Line: A fun, FREE way to immerse yourself in history, and an absolute must-see in Philadelphia.
The tour content appears to be crafted exclusively for children and there really isn't much interesting content in it for well-educated adults.
Get tickets from the visitors center, admission is free. Went on a Monday and got your tickets easily.... and we were lucky enough that our tour time was for just a small group. Paul was our guide and he was very informative. 

It's an awesome feeling to be in the room where the founding fathers debated and took the big step towards independence. 

I'm sure it would be more difficult to go during peak times. If you can go during an off peak time you save a lot of time.
A must do when in Philly. It is very touristy and a lot of information but you get to see and learn about American history.
The tickets for Independence Hall are free, but it's only $1.50/person to make a reservation online. Pick up the tickets at the visitor center ahead of time. The tickets are for the Independence Hall but you can also take a tour of the Congress Building (also free) which runs every 20 minutes. In total, we spent about an hour there.
Another tip: the Independence Hall is on the back of a $100- makes for a cool picture!
What an honor it was to be here!!  To stand where our founding fathers officially formed our great country...just no words!!  We took our 9 yr old and he was so engaged and loved the tour.  Our tour guide was fantastic.  

Tickets are free but you do have to get a ticket.  I imagine during the summer this may be harder to do when it is their peak season.  We went in November and there were plenty of tickets available for a tour in the next half hour.  You can reserve tickets online for a small fee.  This would probably be worth it during peak days.  You can't reserve tickets online the day of though.  

The Liberty Bell is right here too and it's great to tour that while you are here.  No tickets needed for that.
To step inside a room where life changing documents were penned by our country's Forefathers, (and where one of my favorite movies was filmed, National Treasure ) is such a surreal feeling.  To see the actual chair, George Washington sat in, almost 250 yrs ago, gives me goosebumps. Independence Hall was built in 1732 and 90% of the bricks on the outside of the building are original, and 80% of the inside of the building is original, including the chair, I mentioned above. 
Planning a trip to Philadelphia is a must do, if you're ever in the area. And by area, I mean within a few hour's drive. We drove 2 hrs, one way to visit the city today. Just make sure to check nps.gov before you to get timed entry tickets for Independence Hall, they sell out well in advance and quickly.
Interesting for history lovers, but if you're in a crunch for time, I'd skip this and just walk by the outside--you can feel the history of the place from out there--and go instead to see the Liberty Bell. 

Our tour guide was ok, he was trying to be fun, but his humor fell flat. I did appreciate hearing about the significance of Independence Hall, but wish the tours were a smaller group size, and a little longer.
"first thing to see in Philadelphia and YOU MUST KNOW HISTORY BEHIND IT..!!" - 

For me, it was just a big bell and was not that curious to see it, but in our way, I was googling about it and after reading some articles, excitement of seeing it increased.

I did not face big line, our visit was just for 45 minutes.. but memorable. In the line, you must concentrate on your left side where the timeline of liberty bell is mentioned. though I am not very fond of reading, but I liked it very much. 

would like to highlight some facts about this-

1- The Following Bible verse is on the Bell: "" Proclaim Liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof." Also included is information about the Assembly and the Bell's maker.
2-Bell had its first crack in 1752 when it was tested on its arrival in Philadelphia.
3-It rang to mark the signing of the Constitution, and the deaths of Benjamin Franklin, George Washington, Alexander Hamilton and Thomas Jefferson.
4-The bell was originally known as the State House Bell. In the late 1830s, it acquired the name of the Liberty Bell when it became a symbol of the anti-slavery movement.
5-The bell probably didn't ring on July 4, 1776
6-The Liberty Bell last hit the road in 1915.

Best part is- Its free. Thanks, national park Org for this.
Great place to just sit and take in the city (or people watch, or have a picnic). For all you tourists, it's  little far from other points of interest but I'd say that's no reason to make the 15-20 block trek.
The birthplace of America. Amazing to witness the room which charted the course for our great nation. Seeing the place with my eyes brings to life the many history lessons learned in school. Kind of an eerie feeling knowing our founding fathers met in this room and were probably scared to death about the decisions they were making. I was lucky enough to chat with a park ranger which showed me some pictures of the rehab work which was done. The building is well maintained for us to see. The tour led by the rangers was very informative and allowed for plenty of questions. If you are ever in Philly, you have to stop and visit, you won't be disappointed.
My motto is that you always need to see the historically significant sites whenever you can in a city.  I took my 10 year old daughter here when we were visiting.  This place didn't disappoint.  Very, very cool stuff from a historical perspective.  Tour guide was a little stiff, but it was free!
A must see when in Philadelphia.  You can take the free tour or go self-guided.  During our visit a lot of construction was in progress but as would still recommend a visit.  Lots of documents, artwork and history to see.  We took our time and looked at the areas we were most interested in learning about.  If you are in a group or on a time schedule reserving a space would be a good idea.
Great way to spend an hour or two in the historic section of Philadelphia. We stared by going to the visitors center but were a little put off about how long the line was to get tickets. We decided to explore the grounds  a bit and wandered over to Independence Hall to at least look around. We went through security since no ticket was required to get in there, and as luck would have it, as soon as we got through, we heard a park ranger announce that they had extra tickets for the tour that was about to begin 10 minutes later. 

All of the tour is guided, and I suspect your enjoyment of the tour will depend on who your tour guide is. Thankfully we had a great one who kept the 100 or so people on our tour engaged the whole  time. 

After you finish the formal tour, there are a few other buildings with exhibits to look though, but we were running short on time, so I suppose we'll catch them next time!
This should be a five star review, but for one thing.  You need to get guided tour tickets in advance at the Visitor's Center.  If you don't have a ticket, you cannot go inside, unless you are with a tour group that purchased those in bulk.  Other than that, the guides are first-rate history buffs that really want to share what they know of the site.  The complex's (including the out buildings) is very well maintained, scrupulously clean; and, runs like clockwork.  Had we had tickets, I am sure we would have learned more; but, we just arrived in the city in the afternoon; and, the day's tickets were gone long before we got there.
+++++
- Price; free ninety-nine, can't beat that
- Great for people into history


TIPS and INFO:
- Get ticket from visitor center (On a 40 degree March Sunday, I got there at 12:30, got a ticket for 1:45)
- Total tour takes less than an hour, a volunteer takes you through three rooms and describes the history
- Theres another small wing you can go to on, that's short as well
- May be boring for kids esp. those who are not interested
My first ever trip to Philly definitely called for a trip to visit Independence Hall. I got to re-live my life as Nicholas Cage in National Treasure, a childhood dream come true. Only kidding. 

A beautiful historic site that has been well preserved and well taken care of over it's 200 years in existence, Independence Hall is a must-see. With over 90 % original architecture on the outside and over 70% original architecture on the inside, it truly is awesome to see such an instrumental piece of American history. 

Do yourself a favor and don't prepay or preregister for guided tours throughout the day. They say space is limited (which it is) but we visited on a rainy Friday and were allowed to hitch along with a guided tour that was just beginning to start. The tour guides and park staff are truly great sources of knowledge, and everyone we met who worked there was very polite and informative. 

The Liberty Bell is housed inside it's own building across the street, so make sure to venture over there and take a look. It, too is free however, you will have to wait in a rather long line.
In order to visit Independence Hall, you have to go to the visitor's center the day of to collect tickets. From what I heard, tickets usually are finished being claimed by 1pm-ish, so go early in the morning. Tickets are free, but you need one to visit.

However, without a ticket, you can still visit the two other halls next to Independence Hall and take a short tour (guided by a park ranger) of those. Tours seemed really frequent; like a few times every hour. 

I lucked out and managed to get into Independence Hall without a ticket because there were a lot of no shows. Highly recommend it as it is one of THE most important rooms in US History. The tour itself is pretty short, say 30 minutes or so.
It goes without saying, if you visit Philadelphia you must visit the historical sites. And the best part is, it's all free! The tour guides are very knowledgeable. Security is kind. Make sure you wake up early and get to the visitors center to make sure you get the tour time you want!
Oh my gosh!!! This place makes me so appreciative for what our forefathers accomplished. Don't forget America, as a nation's,  history starts right here in Philly!
I want to be clear, a visit to this place translates to literally walking the path of America's founding fathers. History nuts will have their minds blown. But, not just lovers of American history- my wife is far from truly interested in history and she also mentioned being overcome with a certain level of astonishment at what she was taking in.

Worth the visit.
Independence Hall was fascinating, especially for the history buffs! The tour lasted about 30 min and was totally free. Make sure you go get tickets a little earlier than you want to tour. (We got our tickets at 11, and our tour started at 1:20). It is incredible seeing where our founding fathers signed the Declaration of Ind. and the Constitution! We went to see the Liberty Bell afterwards, which is in the same courtyard and is also free! Such a fun way to spend the day.
It's free.   I realize it costs money to travel here and you either take public transportation to get here or pay for parking, but think about how much there is to see and do here.

If you want the full tour and a set time, go to the nearby Center to get your pass.   Or, if you want the "express" 12 minute tour, go about 4:45 on a weekend afternoon to stand in line.  They bring in 85 people at a time for a tour of the main floor, where you get plenty of information and context and are in "the" room where decisions were made and the document was signed.

It's quite a perspective to view the building from the front or rear with all of the modern city around it and think of all that happened here so many years ago.
I have taken the Independence Hall Tour three times over the years, as an adult.  Once when I lived in Philadelphia and twice since leaving Philadelphia.   

This is a free tour.  You can reserve a specific time ahead of time online, with just a $1.00 fee or you can obtain free same day tickets at the Independence Visitor Center which are timed and given out in the order received.   (It is recommended you arrive early during peak tourist seasons)

The tour itself usually lasts around 30- 40 minutes and gives you a brief overview and a glimpse into two of the main rooms inside Independence Hall.  I think it is pretty good.  Now, you never know what kind of tour guide you will get.  Tours are done by Park Rangers from the National Park Service.  I have had two excellent tour guides and one that was a little bit less enthusiastic.

However, I would highly recommend taking this tour.
Obligatory visit to the building where the Declaration of Independence and U.S. Constitution were both debated and signed.  The Park Ranger who gave the tour was endearing and knowledgeable.

However, the operations supporting Independence Hall needs improvement.  There is a serious lack of signage on instructions on how to visit.  You have to pick up a free timed-entry ticket at the Independence Visitor Center BEFORE you walk to Independence Hall.  The line you see outside of the Hall is just for the security check.  There is another line for the tours once you are cleared.  Although you need a timed-entry ticket, they are flexible if you are lucky enough to visit on a less busy day.  They honor the proper time, then call those who have a ticket but missed the allotted time, and lastly call those who do not have a ticket at all.
Independence Hall and the park that surrounds it is a very cool place. The hall itself, I wanted to go up to the roof and check out the brick where in National Treasure, those glasses were hidden. However, they don't allow people up there. 

I arrived in Philadelphia pretty late and wasn't able to get tickets on that same day, but I talked to the park rangers and since it was a last tour of the day at around 4:30, they let me go in and do the tour without the tickets. There wasn't as many people and they might as well talk to a full room rather than a half-empty one and have everyone enjoy their experience. I wouldn't count on it, but if you aren't able to get a ticket, that might be a way to experience the tour. Honestly, things are a lot easier in smaller groups so if you show up with 10 people, it may not happen, but I was by myself, so it made getting into places a bit easier. 

I will say that our tour guide was really funny and I definitely had a great time there. It's pretty cool to be able to stand in the same room where the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution were signed. 

Awesome tourist spot.
This place is pretty awesome, especially if you like history. It's a UNESCO World Heritage Site; even the UN likes it!

To tour the actual building, you need to get tickets in the visitor's center. They're free in person, or a small fee online. You have a better chance of getting the time you want online, but they're free in person. The Liberty Bell is in its own building between the visitor's center and the Hall. I liked the parts that explained how the bell got so cracked, and how it became such an enduring symbol. But also it is kind of hard to get really excited about a bell.

There are lots of neat things to do nearby, too, like see the oldest post office in the USA (still running! they have their own special hand-cancelled postmark). The Independence Hall gift shop in the visitor's center has a great selection of postcards, reasonably priced. Much cheaper than across the street at the Bourse and of course your purchase here benefits the Park Service.
FREE.  Independence Hall is another place you should visit in Philly.  Get the ticket from the Visitor Center, it's a Timed Ticket.

We had a 2:30pm, but we were able to get an earlier tour because Nobody in the Winter 3/6/14!  I recommend winter only for the tourist spots!

Ranger took us to where they signed the Declaration of Independence, another room, and optional room upstairs.

Take all the pics you want.
How can you not get chills thinking that America was born here. See the spot where the Founding Fathers signed the Declaration of Independence and Constitution. Amazing site to see.

Tickets are free and should be booked ahead of your trip here. Gets busy since this is one of the top sites in Philly.

Tour was not long at all and you get to walk through Independence Hall and pretend you remember what you learned in high school American History. 

Worth a visit. Soak in as much history as you can!
Was closed by the time we got there but we were able to get some great photos of the building.
If you are visiting Philly this is THE historical building that you must visit. You get to stand in the actual room in which the Declaration of Independence and U.S. Constitution was debated and ultimately signed.

First, you must pick up free tickets at the visitors center a block away. Once you pass a security check point next to Independence Hall a tour guide will take you into a room and give you some historical facts. The guide then takes you into an old courtroom first, then the room the documents were signed by George Washington, Ben Franklin and the other founding fathers of the country. The room still contains original chairs, books, quills,  and walking sticks used by our founding fathers.

When the tour ends you can walk into another wing of the building on your own to see old copies of the Declaration and Constitution.

Don't even think about visiting Philly without stopping by Independence Hall.
Amazing!

1) The tour is excellent. 
2) It is free. 
3) Get ticket from visitor center.
We paid $1.50 for the advance tour but almost lost our reservation because we showed up 30 mins prior to the tour time. The hall itself was very cool and worth checking out but the tour which lasted almost 35 minutes was a waste of time since we had to listen to a park ranger provide a history of the revolution and how we have forgotten some of the folks that helped write the constitution. Rating this three stars because I would have preferred to opt out of the 7th grade history lesson and have 20 minutes of my time back.
Cool, cool, cool.  Period.  I think more people should come and visit (I'm sure hundreds of thousands do.. but..) as this place is just very cool.

There is something about seeing where our founding fathers sat to discuss, argue, and fight, over things that made our country what it is today.

It's neat to hear the guides discuss what is original, what had to be recreated,  and who sat where (if they knew).

I thoroughly enjoyed the visit.  The guides were pleasant and willing to answer all the questions.  It has to be a very difficult job of telling the same story over and over, day after day, and keeping it engaging.  Good job!
Great tour and only $1 per person. The birthplace of the United States has knowledgeable employees telling the stories of this great nation.

I learned quite a bit during the tour and took in being a part of history.
Crowed but hey, who doesn't want to see the Liberty Bell. Took some photos and read some of the history that was posted at the center where they keep the bell.
I can't say enough good about this amazing piece of history! The guides are well-informed and detail so many great anecdotal stories that truly bring the rooms alive with awe-inspired stories of the significance of these incredible venues. 

Even if you can't get tickets (free) to go inside the Independence Hall itself (where the Declaration of Independence was signed), I HIGHLY recommend going on the West Wing tour to see the original Congressional Chambers... no ticket required. It is AMAZING. 

In those halls is where Washington was first inaugurated... the first taxes were passed, the Navy was created, John Adams was inaugurated... it is AMAZING. 

If you are in Philly and you value the history of our nation at all, you can't miss this!
