Beautiful Park and educational experience. Bring your children. I'm catching up on my reviews. Since I've been there, done that, I really wouldn't return. I do highly recommend for visitors of this beautiful city.  And for visitors from other countries. I felt like I was in a 'You Are There '  Time Warp Experience. See It As it happened. Feel the Ghosts. 
Make a donation if you are able. It's Money well spent.
This really is a must-see spot for any US citizen or history buff, American or otherwise: the birthplace of our nation and of our democracy.

I've visited Independence Hall/Park half a dozen times, and the impact never wears off.  The awe never fades.  The patriotic pride never diminishes.  It's still an incredible experience to stand where our forefathers made the brave, irrevocable decision to sever political and economic ties with Britain;  where our Declaration of Independence and Constitution were penned; and where our nation was first governed.

Best of all, it's a National Park, so it's free.  Get there early to get your timed entry ticket for the tour.  Wish it didn't start out so dryly.  Expect crowds.  Do it anyway.
If you're a history buff, or are curious about the beginnings of the United States, this is a must visit.

Even if you're not, it's the touristy thing to do; it's not every day you get to walk into Independence Hall.

The grounds are well-kept, and as long as you go during off-hours, it's not too crazy. As for staff, I've been lucky enough to run into personable, knowledgeable park rangers on my visits.
Many landmarks within this "park" have their own Yelp listings, but if there's also a listing for the overall Independence National Historical Park, then I guess I'll contribute to it.
 
The park stretches across 55 acres in Old City and includes many of America's founding venues, whether Independence Hall, the First and Second Banks of the United States, Carpenter's Hall, the remains of the first President's House, or the Liberty Bell. Many, but not all, venues within the park are free to all because of federal oversight, although in the case of Independence Hall, you'll need to reserve a ticket online, and in the case of the Liberty Bell, you'll need to wait in line.

Still, with consistent signage throughout the park, it's easy to find your way around and learn more about your surroundings. The well-preserved nature of the landmarks and the neighborhoods around it make for an especially pretty sightseeing experience any time of year. Simply lots for all to see and learn - whether you're a visitor or a local - any time of the year.
I feel like we really missed out on a lot when we toured the historic part of Philadelphia. It was miserably balls hot outside, which zapped our motivation to do a lot of walking, but much of it was poor planning. With little prior planning, we just walked over from Reading Terminal Market (in the sweltering heat, huge mistake) to the Independence Visitor Center and and grabbed the first ticket available for Independence Hall, which was 3.5 hours later. We saw the main attractions - the Liberty Bell (sort of) and Independence Hall - but there's so much more to see. 

Independence National Historic Park covers 55 acres and 20 city blocks (according to the NPS website) of the most historic locations in the country. If you love 'Murica, this is 'Murica in all its historical glory. The Independence Visitor Center is an excellent starting point to plan you attack, but I recommend exploring the NPS website and show up with a plan from the start. This is also where you go to pick up tickets to get into Independence Hall. Tickets are free, but it's better to splurge an extra $1.50 per ticket to reserve a time online. Otherwise, you'll get first come first serve times, and if you come late you might not get a ticket at all. 

The Liberty Bell Center houses the Liberty Bell, but the line is almost always SUPER long. I hear it moves quickly ... but you can also view the bell through a glass window on the side. You won't be able to see the crack or get as close as you would when inside, so you need to make the judgement call of what is important to you. 

But there is so much more to see in this area. The Benjamin Franklin Museum and the Portrait Gallery within the Second Bank of the United States are the other main attractions. (The First Bank of the United States is also nearby) Just up the street from the Independence Visitor Center is the National Constitution Center. The wife and I did get to stop into Old City Hall, which housed the Supreme Court until they moved to their permanent home in DC.

There's a lot of stuff to do here, especially if you are really into history. One day simply won't do it justice. The nearby hotels aren't cheap, but they are very upscale. You may want to splurge if you want to soak in all of the historical goodness that Philadelphia has to offer. I'm definitely going back ... with a plan this time.
How could a visit to Philadelphia be complete without a visit to Independence Hall? While this landmark is free to tour, you still have to pick up a ticket at the visitors center where you're assigned a particular time.  Groups of 80 people are toured every 15 minutes.  

We got lucky and were able to take the tour right away. Our Ranger was very friendly and knowledgeable and shared a wealth of information. 

We were first taken into one room where we were given a quick history lesson and were allowed to ask any questions we might have. No one in our group bit. You are then taken to the next building which is most historic of all, the Assembly Room where the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution were drafted and signed.  One word. Amazing. 

The chair that stands at the center of the room is the same chair that Washington once sat in. All the other pieces of furniture were not original pieces but were from the same period.  

The tour itself lasts no more than 30 minutes and then you're asked to move along so another group can come through. It's a quick tour but certainly worth seeing this historic site and I would highly recommend to anyone. Highly!  it's an American treasure that we should all be proud of and never take for granted.
I love American History.  I love seeing old historical things so the thought of going to Philadelphia and getting to see Independence Hall was pretty exciting.  I knew there might be some problems when I was told that I had to go on a tour with a tour guide rather than just look at it myself, but I figured that maybe they would at least have interesting facts and other exciting details about the Declaration of Independence or the Constitution that I already didn't know!

Well my dream was quickly shattered with the introductory talk.  There were some definite questionable "facts" that were presented.  Um... The Boston Massacre was not completely the fault of the British.  Sorry, I refuse to listen to your lies.  I understand that it's an American landmark and we're bound to play up the patriotism so I went along with it.  I didn't want to be like Howard Zinn and just make it depressing and ruin your positive view of the country.

After the introduction you are taken to a court room which wasn't tied into the tour at all.  It seemed like an odd stop and I wish that they had given me a reason to care more about it.  Why don't you tie it into your last segment on the Boston Massacre and discuss the trial which was incredibly interesting?  I realize they would have been on trial in Boston, but it could still be a case to discuss what trials were like back then (or find some type of trial that did take place in that room).  The British were defended by none other than John Adams! I bet a lot of tourists might not know that fact! And bringing up John Adams gives you a natural segue into the room where the Constitution was written and signed.  He had a bunch to do with that!  You could make a whole unifying theme! 

Instead we were given something about how nothing in the room is original and how they don't know where anyone sat.  It just makes the tour boring and completely worthless.  Give me something interesting!  Tell me some fun facts about how difficult it was to compromise.  Anything, really.  I would have settled for just something that was remotely interesting so that I didn't have to leave and complain to Emily about the historical inaccuracies.

You should still probably go when you're in Philadelphia, but make sure to take a grain of salt (or 100) with you.
I feel like this is the biggest "must see" in Philly.  Even if you're not a history buff, if you're an American, or ever been to America (which you obviously have if you're standing there) then you should visit Independence Hall.

Just go.  Get your learnin' on.  Just don't sit in George Washington's chair.
As I was walking down Market st on my lunch break, I discovered this wonderful huge park. 

I also saw a patio area with an assortment of historial paintings which displayed the history of Philadelphia as well aa information about the Declaration of Independence. 

The Independence National Historic Park also has a building where you can get free tickets to Independence Hall and view the liberty bell and the Ben Franklin Muesem. 

Overall it's a great area for tourist to come and get a historical vibe of Philadelphia. The place gets pretty crowded and the lines to get in the building are always very long. I simply go to sit on the bench, eat lunch and enjoy the beautiful scenery of the park!
They are pretty busy here during the summer, so I think it's worth paying the $1.50 for the reservation (tickets are free) and not hassling with the crowds in line. 

You have to go through a security check before you can enter the grounds, which is across the street from the visitor's center. 

There are free tours of Congress Hall, which served as the seat of Congress for about 10 years (1790-1800). No reservations needed. I think the tours runs every 20 minutes or so and you get to check out the first and second floors. Check this out before your tour of Independence Hall because it closes at 5 pm. 

And you can also check out the Great Essentials exhibit in the West Wing. You can view copies of the Declaration of Independence and Constitution and the inkstand used to sign them. 

The tour of Independence Hall was short and we saw only 2 rooms. One of which included George Washington's "rising sun" chair. It's reported that Benjamin Franklin talked about having looked at the chair and was not able to tell where it was a rising or setting sun. However on the day the Constitution was signed he said, "Now at length I have the happiness to know that it is indeed a rising, not a setting sun."  :)

I am amazed with all of the history here. This was a great visit.
This is a nice place to spend some time and get some culture. I was going to be in the area with my mom and started doing some research and I was quite amazing at the tours and sites being offered all along this stretch of park that makes up Independence Mall. 

You have the mall of course, Independence Hall, Carpenters Hall, the Liberty Bell, Independence Beer Garden and a whole host of museums. But aside from all those attractions are miles of greenspace that is meticulously kept and plenty of places to sit, be still and take it all in.
** First you need to go to the Visitor's Center and stand in line for your free tickets to Independence Hall** Go early (first tours are at 8 or 9 am) and then once you do that, you can plan around your tour time and go to the Liberty Bell then all of the other places within the one block distance of the Visitor's Center. Like any other National Park establishment, don't take any sharp objects/weapons, etc. They will screen your bags and then you get to wait inside the park on the beautiful grounds until it's your time to stand in line. Our tour guide was very knowledgeable and shared a lot of history and information on Independence Hall. It was probably one of the best tours I have ever had AND it's free. Can't get better than that. Don't miss this tour.
I've been here before, the first time was 7/11/09. It's really not a bad place to is it, it's really nice and informative. You learn a lot about the city of Philadelphia along with the history of the Liberty Bell. It's always free to the public but there are long lines to get in.
This is obviously THE thing to see and do if you're in Philly.  So imagine our disappointment when upon our first visit over Thanksgiving weekend, all the Independence Hall tickets were gone for the day!

Yes ladies and gents, you need tickets, but they're free.  I think on any normal non-holiday weekend, tickets are plentiful, but with paranoia getting the best of us we reserved tickets online for our second go around the next weekend (http://www.recreation.gov/tourList.do?parkId=77815&contractCode=NRSO).  Just keep in mind that it costs $1.50 for reservations.  Boo.

The visitor's center is alright, nothing special.  Has two theaters playing VERY cheesy movies.  The left side will take you through a "back to the future" type of experience complete with all the major colonists of the day walking you through that most exciting time period in American history.  The right side...well, let's just say you should best avoid the right side.  Trust me.

As for the tour of Independence Hall itself, it was awesome!  But it really depends on who your guide is.  Our's was a middle-aged woman who said she was a park volunteer.  She clearly enjoyed the history of it all, presenting the birth of our nation in a fun and engaging manner.  It's pretty cool to stand inside the actual room where our forefathers including TJ, Benjamin, G-dub, and Big John officially endorsed the idea of giving a big middle finger to the king, all in poetic and elegant prose.  There's a definite sense of "Yes-we-motherf'in-can!" here.

All Americans should visit this most sacred and hallowed ground at least once in their lives. U-S-A!
I'm a historian, so I think that historic sites are important.  But I'm a bit cranky because Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell used to be really laid-back places to go, and now they are more heavily guarded than AirForce One.  Back in the day, when I was a kid, the Liberty Bell was in a tiny glass building, and you could wander inside and touch the bell.  Then some jackass tried to hit it with a hammer, so they put a velvet rope around it.  But still, you could wander in, see the bell, and be out all in 5 minutes or less.  No line, no airport security process.  Now you have to wait like a half hour in the sweltering heat just to get through security to see the bell.

And Independence Hall was pretty much open - you could walk through the courtyard and find a place to sit and eat lunch.  Now, you can't even walk on the same side of the street if you're passing by, and you've gotta get tickets to see the inside.  And the day my friend came in from out of town, we went early and were told the tickets were sold out for the entire rest of the day because some kiddie convention of some sort had reserved them all.  So I had to content my friend with looking at the outside of the building from across the street.  Not cool.  I liked the good old days when no one thought that the bell and Independence Hall were potential targets for some sort of terror attack.  The whole area is way too uptight nowadays.  No fun.
The park so to speak is pretty much some grass area that surrounds Independence hall.  It is nice if the weather is nice but there isn't that much to see and do.
So yeah what better way to start this day off but where it all begin. Here at this location in Philadelphia a bunch of "ye olde heads" got together and signed off a piece of parchment to tell "Great Britain" F*CK OFF! 

Today it is now the sight for tourists, fans, and locals alike to come to the place for one of the key reasons we are America. Though I'm not too keen on the new methods of security that has taken place over the years. Prior 9/11 days you could actually walk freely all over the park, including the cobbled roads around the perimeter of the historic building. 

Now you have certain roads blocked off and many "forest ranger" dressed men and women directing crowds and keeping anyone who might be a "terrorist" to do something diabolical either here or across the street at the "Liberty Bell", it's already cracked people, nothing is going to happen folks. Take a deep breath, please.

 I'm not totally bummed out by all of this and it does make for less build up of zombies gathering with cameras. I have been on a tour back in 2002, just as these new security measures were taking place and it has been much different and well sped up a bit too, through the interior of the Independence foundation. Maybe it was a busy weekend day, so anything is possible when you have hundreds of spectators waiting outside in the heat hearing their children go...

 "What is this place?! This isn't Disney World! I want to go home! MOMMY JOEY TOOK MY BETSY ROSS DOLL!" 

Well actually I'm glad I don't walk around here often and bless you good men and women who give tours everyday, have to hear questions like...

"What is Independence? Why wasn't Lincoln allowed to sign? What was on Ben Franklin's i-pod playlist?"
(pre 911) I remember at 230am going over to visit the Liberty Bell on a few occasions. They had this foriegn Language recording box outside, and you could hear the story of the Liberty Bell in about 6 or 7 different languages. I don't think they have this box anymore, at least outside, but nonetheless a great landmark everyone should see. I have been here post 911, The wait is crazy, and if I remember correctly they almost confiscated my dad's pocket knife, but definately worth the hassle. Nothing can top this symbol of independence and Philly soul. You know this a beacon of  freedom when Alt-rockers Ween got arrested attempting to steal the Liberty Bell(well ok maybe this was just one of their music videos)
Yet another well-managed park that is meticulously neat and gives character to Philadelphia's historical roots. Assuming I understood it correctly, this park consists of the Liberty Bell Center (no tickets required), Ben Franklin Museum (tickets required) and Independence Hall (tickets not required in January and February).

Yes, we all get dragged here as a child on a school trip and remember nothing and are just concerned with getting a dumb souvenir we lost months later. But coming back as an adult (well, okay, more like, I was staying nearby and just happened to wander through it), you gain an entirely new appreciation for it. Granted, I was here in winter, so I probably didn't get the full experience. Aesthetically, everything was also quite dark and blah, but I could appreciate it for its historical importance.

I mostly just perused the outside statues and garden areas, but I felt it was well laid out and deeply informational. I listened in on a few free tours nearby (its way less creepy than it sounds) and can recommend this park is worth a visit if you're in the area.
A must-see when you're in Philadelphia, this excellent and free tour/museum hits all the major highlights when it comes to the US's founding forefathers. Learn how our nation was formed and see rooms and objects that were used during the early days of our country.
First - don't go straight to Independence Hall when you get to the site, thinking that you need to get in line there... The Independence Hall Guided Tour requires you to get a ticket at the Visitor Center. That's the building 100 yards on the other side of the Liberty Bell building.  The booth to get your tickets (which are free of charge but are for a time slot) is about halfway through the building on your right.

If you want lots of facts and history about the Liberty Bell, go through the museum.  If you don't, there is a viewing station from the outside of the building on the courtyard side, with a plaque that summarizes everything you can read inside.

All tour guides are not created equal.  When you get inside Independence Hall for you tour at the appointed time, and your tour guide introduces herself as Terri, you may want to step out and wait for the next person.  While she had lots of history to share, her bad jokes and polling questions of the audience were annoying to the point of making me want to not listen at all.  I consider myself a history buff, and I thought the way she presented some of the information was not entirely accurate.  She talked often about what she could have remembered instead of making what she could remember interesting.   

Also, when Jimmy went this summer, the upstairs was open for viewing, but it wasn't on our particular day, so if you really want to see it all, you may want to ask at the desk in the information center when you get your tickets.
I like that the Liberty Bell is in almost a classy museum type thing rather than the crappy pavillion it was in when I was growing up.  You can also see it from outside after hours from the Chestnut Street side nearer 6th Street, which means it's an awesome stop to bring out of towners when you're walking around down there.  "Hey there's the liberty bell!  Cool!"  All without waiting in line or dealing with boyscout troops.  

The National Security stuff doesn't bother me because it stops the Mitchell Guilliatt 's of the world from smashing the bell with a hammer while screaming about God and stuff.  I mean that was funny, but it would be sad if it ruined the Liberty Bell!
As a fan of American History, it doesn't get ANY better than this. It just absolutely doesn't. Sure, all you get to do is look at a couple of old, empty rooms with ancient furniture. But still. This is it. This is the place. That's all that matters.

Independence Hall is where the Declaration of Independence was signed and where the Constitution was signed by the Continental Congresses of 1776 and 1783, respectively. Everyone was there - Ben Franklin, G-Dub, John Adams, John Hancock, you name it - this was the place. It's a simple brick building. And it just reeks of America. Awesome.

As a tourist, I really recommend the tour. The day I was there, the tour guide was this somewhat frazzled middle-aged woman who was very eccentric, but very awesome. She had a very unique delivery and made for an interesting tour guide - and she knew her stuff cold. Her energy and commitment to the site was obvious and endearing. I'm glad they have people like her working at a place like this.
My out-of-town parents and I joined the throngs of tourists to see Independence Hall and it's adjoining accouterments.  

First, you need a FREE ticket which you get at the Independence Visitor's Center at 6th and Market.  Independence Hall itself (where the Declaration of Independence and Constitution were signed) is the timed tour for the ticket, but there are 2 other buildings (the first Supreme Court location, and the first Congress location) where speakers give presentations.  

Together, all three buildings seem quite small, considering it's where a new nation was created!  But perhaps that is part of the fun of it--if so few people could create such a great country, what can each of us do?
Don't be turned off by boring US history classes you took in school. This place is awesome!

If you reserve tickets ahead of time for $3, you can schedule your tour of Independence Hall. Otherwise, if you show up at 11 am like we did, you're going to have to find something else to do.  But tickets are free if you can get them for that day. Lots of school kids come here and it's not very big so they sell out daily. 

The tour guides are very informative. They knew everything about everything inside the hall and about the documents, history, etc. They give nice quick tours but are open to questions. Ask them and you'll be surprised to know some of the stuff in there.  Like the little sand boxes that look like they're for cats, but really spittoons. 

I'm really bad when it comes to US history which is sad, but this visit inspired me to go to the bookstore and at least get a good book on all of this. 

I've been on many tours around the world, and this one actually had the biggest impact on me. It's not the most beautiful or grand place, it's more about what happened there.
Bitter, party of four.  Well, I'm not feeling the love from the city of brotherly love.  Seems we showed up too late, and all the tickets to check out Independence Hall were already gone.

This may be an unfair review, but at least I'm warning you to get your tickets early, or you'll have to go pop $12 at the National Constitution Center to bide your time, like we did.

And while I'm complaining, let me tell you how much I enjoy waiting at a streetlight while a handsome-cab horse takes a monster leak in front of you.  Ahh, the scent of ammonia rich urine as it hits the hot street, quickly changing states from liquid to a vapor.  It's magical, really.
Excellent. 

1) Tons of stuff to do and see. 
2) Make sure to come early, as you can easily spend the entire day here. 
3) Great place for history lovers.
Tickets:  You need to get tickets for tours between March 1st to December 31st.

Outside of that time period you still could get a ticket as a souvenir, but it's not needed as demand over the winter is small.

Tickets sales start at 8:30am at the Visitors Center with the first tour beginning at 9:00am. Tickets can also be reserved by phone (877-444-6777) and via recreation.gov. Tickets can be ordered up to a year in advance if done by the website or via phone.

If you decide to just show up, tickets can be and will be sold out on busier days.

When we were there on a Friday in August everything was gone by 1:30pm.

There is a lot to see here between Congress Hall, Old City Hall, The Great Essentials Exhibit, and Independence Hall itself.

If you're doing all of it give yourself a few hours to soak it all in. The one thing that will really have an impact on your experience is the ranger that leads your tours.

The Ranger that we had for the brief tour in Congress Hall was fantastic.  She was funny, informative, and did great with the short amount of time allotted.  Where as the Ranger we had for our tour of the Assembly Room of Independence Hall was bad.

I mean really bad.

The enthusiasm of Ben Stein with a nasal whiny voice that would drone on and then race and then drone and then race.  I noticed several people looking at their watches and phones waiting for the end.

Now don't get me wrong the information provided was great and the building was awesome but clearly not every Ranger there should be giving tours to the public.

Some should just in the back shuffling paperwork or maybe upfront screening bags.

That said, this place is one of my favorites in the city and is well worth many visits.
If you go do yourself a favor and take SEPTA.  Taking mass transit down to this area is sooooo much easier than trying to drive and park.  (And it's cheaper too.)
This area is a must for anyone who enjoys American history/ Period. The park is anchored by Independence Hall, the place where both where our Declaration of Independence and United States Constitution were debated and adopted. Across the street is the Liberty Bell Center, home of our Liberty Bell. Other historic buildings include: the First and the Second Banks of the United States, Carpenter's Hall (1st Continental Congress), Franklin Court (location of the Benjamin Franklin Museum), the National Constitution Center, as well as a variety of other attractions. It would be a good idea to spend a couple of days to take it all in properly.
Independence National Historical Park is Part I of my husband's three part tour to take our out-of-town friends. (Part II is lunch at Reading Terminal, Part III is a trip through the Italian Market and a stop for cheese steaks. Yeah, it's a pretty thorough Philadelphia experience) 

The bell was a pretty neat experience. All in all, it is the historic bell behind some velvet ropes. People are coming at it on all sides to take pictures to post on Facebook, which of course we did as well. I have a lot of random people in our family photos, but that couldn't be helped. 

Independence Hall was not a highlight. We did know to go get tickets ahead of time. We rolled up with our gigantic stroller, and our friend's single stroller and picked up tickets for everyone. This might have been a good time to tell us that strollers, especially our double stroller, would be hard to maneuver on the tour. But they didn't, and frankly I am used to that stroller being the bain of my existence anyway. 

Our tour guide was also not a fan of my stroller, and not a huge fan of my kids, which he made clear right away (initially without prompting from them). We were seated in the back row (to stay out of the way) and the guide walked up and started to half- push my 2 year old daughter towards the stroller. He told me to put her back in (a please was no where to be found). When I tried to put her back in the stroller, she became upset (which was why I had her by the chairs to begin with). As she began to whine (loudly) the tour guide looked at my friend and said "Take her out of here!" (Apparently my shorter friend looked like she belonged with my shorter husband) We were not more than 30 seconds into the intro to the tour.

I understand some things are not appropriate for small kids, and I will admit that she was whining loudly, and I was more than happy to remove her. However, the attitude of the tour guide was out of line for a person who should be well versed in dealing with families and children year round. 

I would recommend this tour for anyone with even the smallest historical curiosity. I would not recommend this tour for anyone with children under three, or anyone with a large stroller.
You obviously have to visit Independence Hall if you're in Philadelphia - it's the birthplace of America!  The Declaration of Independence was signed here.  The Constitution Congress met here.  The Constitution was signed here.  The original Congress met here from 1790-1800 while Philadelphia was our nation's capital. 

Since it's owned and operated by the National Park Service, the tours are given entirely by park rangers.  This can definitely be hit or miss because our tour around Independence Hall was coherent but a bit rambly and our tour around Congress was disjointed and kind of useless.  They do a great job and they definitely try to give you a good history, but sometimes the information just isn't worth hearing.  

All tours are FREE but you need to get tickets from the Independence Visitor's Center and I highly recommend getting them before noon because they disappear quickly!  If you can't get tickets, you can stand and wait near the start of the tour and go with one if some people don't show up.  That's what we did and it totally worked.
This park sits in the City of the Birthplace of our nation. On or near this park you can see and read about the history of the Liberty Bell and you are just a few steps from Independence Hall. This park is centrally locates to many important sites in Philadelphia. It is a great place to sit and people watch and if interested you can catch many of the bus tours to all of the tours sites in Philadelphia. We loved our time in this great city.
This is a must-go location in Philly if you haven't been. I wouldn't come to Philly specifically for Independence Hall but it's still a worth while stop. It's the most important building in American history as well as one of the most picturesque spots in the city. In addition to the building itself the grounds (both in front and behind) are beautifully maintained and have plenty of open space. Unfortunately you can't just walk into the building and walk around at your leisure but it's extremely easy to walk into the visitors center get a free tour ticket and go over to the building and wait for the next tour to begin. The visitors center I've found is pretty boring and consists mostly of wordy plaques with lots of reading (and very few if any historical artifacts). Make sure to also visit the famous bell in the building adjacent to the visitors center, it's a little over-rated but it's free and it's a great part of history. The tour of the hall is very short but extremely informative and brings you into the two main rooms of the hall, the court room, and the meeting room where the Declaration of Independence was written. The rooms don't have a lot of original furniture but much attention has been paid to make both rooms as authentic as possible. It's a great experience to be in the space where the nation was practically born and then leave the building and stand in the back were the Declaration was first read to the people of Philadelphia.
Independence National Historical Park preserves several sites associated with the American Revolution and the nation's founding history. Included within the park are Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell. The Declaration of Independence and U.S. Constitution were both debated and signed inside Independence Hall, which is now a UNESCO World Heritage Site. It's an incredibly well-managed park that also houses the First and Second Banks of the United States, Franklin Court, and the National Consitution Center, and many more important spots that are very close together. If you want to be able to go inside the museums, leave all knives in your car and make sure to get there early because lines get long FAST. A must visit and could easily spend a whole day at just these museums and sites alone.
This place is great. Some of the greatest minds of all time sat down together at Independence Hall. That should blow your mind. It definitely gave me goosebumps... but I studied history in college, so I'm a nerd.
Independence Hall is a must do for any resident or tourist of Philly. Reservations are required and you can make them either by phone or at the visitor center. It is only about a 30 minute tour, but very worth it.

In the mood for more American history? Check out the Liberty Bell across the street, Benjamin Franklin's grave site a couple blocks away at Christ's Church, Thaddeus Kosciuszko National Memorial, and the Betsy Ross House.
Definitely a must do when you're in Philadelphia.  I had made reservations ahead of time for the tour of Independence Hall.  Our very knowledgeable park ranger was very informative in giving us a thorough lesson on the history taken place in the building.  After the tour we headed over to Liberty Bell, which is housed in a very modern building which focused on the iconology of the bell.  The visitor's center is helpful for those planning their stay in the city.  It's amazing the amount of history that happened here which created the birth of our country.
I'm writing this review not for the whole of the Independence National Historical Park but for the square block of park behind Independence Hall. 

This park has become my favorite in Philadelphia, and other than that there's not much more to say. Rittenhouse is beautiful but crowded, and Washington Square seems to turn out the rambunctious crowd every time I settle in with a book. This square block between 5th and 6th to the East and West, Chestnut and Walnut to the North and South is a real gem... quiet and spacious with tall trees, open benches, and a very laid back atmosphere. If you're looking for an ideal reading, relaxing, break-taking, or weather-enjoying spot in Old City this is most certainly the place.
--- Short Synopsis ---
 
National Historic Independence Park is a great park that provides a step back into colonial times and US history!
 
--- Detailed Review ---
 
Just walking to the visitor center from Penn's Landing was an experience, as it felt like I was being taken back in time. The architecture of the buildings transitioned from a modern appearance to a more colonial appearance as I walked toward the park. I spent about 6 hours here exploring all the areas of the park, but probably could have spent around 8 hours if I had more time.
 
I came in the morning and knew I had to go to the visitor center first to grab a tour ticket to inside Independence Hall. The people did not check my ticket. It was most likely because it was early and the hall not reaching full capacity yet. Regardless, you have to go through a security screening to get next to or inside Independence Hall.
 
In National Historic Independence Park, my favorite areas had to be the Liberty Bell Center, Independence Hall, and the Franklin Court (Benjamin Franklin area) with the printing press room, his museum, and some remains of his house.
 
For Independence Hall, the tour is the way to get inside the historic building for the public. It was great getting a US history refresher about the US Constitution and the Declaration of Independence from the tour guide. I also learned some details about Independence Hall; however, the best part was just being able to see and visualize what the place looked like!
 
It was crazy to think I was standing in the birthplace of the United States of America, where the fathers of this nation debated on how to govern the U.S.
 
Onto the Liberty Bell Center, there is another security screening here near the entrance, so there might be a line outside the door for that. I did enjoy all the reading material provided as you walk down the hall toward the Liberty Bell. Being able to see and visualize the Liberty Bell was awesome! It is also placed in such a manner that Independence Hall is in its background; good job to the designers/engineers/architects.
 
The Franklin Court was the last area of the park that I went to. It turned out to be really interesting! I liked the look of the area and the main entrance from Market Street. They display a large grey frame of the structure of Mr. Benjamin Franklin's house. There are also cool little displays that display the excavation sites of the remains of his house. On one side of the main entrance building, there is an interesting printing press area, where workers can tell you how Benjamin Franklin was involved with the printing industry. They also can show you how the printing press works! There is also a Benjamin Franklin Museum here.
 
The other areas, like the Independence Visitor Center, Carpenter Hall, New (Military) Hall, Franklin/Washington Square, and the Rose/Magnolia Gardens, were interesting; however, I liked Independence Hall, Liberty Bell Center, and the Benjamin Franklin area more than the rest. They were just on another level compared to everything else the park had to offer. Regardless, I had a good time exploring the park.
 
I recommend coming here for a day to walk back into US history and to see the birthplace of the US!!
I've traveled to many other cities around the world, but Philly remains my favorite primarily due to this park. I feel empowered each and every time I walk by Independence Hall. That's a good feeling to have considering I'm usually working when I'm in the city. The (admittedly necessary) security measures are a pain in the butt. To fully experience the whole park, you should reserve 2-3 days--most of the stuff is free since it's a national park. Forget most of the other tourist stuff and spend your money dining out in Philly. We have the highest tippers, the best servers, and some of the most awesome food selection on the world here.

Also, don't be shy--ask the docents/security personnel about their favorite spots. You'll probably learn about something obscure.
"Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the birthplace of the United States of America!" proclaimed our guide to Independence Hall. And that pretty much sums up the whole point of the jewel in Philadelphia's tourism industry.

The visitor's center includes a small cafe, several theaters, and underground parking (pricey, but very central and therefore worthwhile). You pick up (free) tickets to the Hall here; you can reserve them ahead of time to avoid the long lines.

Right across the street from the visitors center, the Liberty Bell sits, surrounded by eagerly snapping tourists, within it's own building. There's not much here of great interest, but it's a mandatory stop in the area. Much more interesting are the horse carriage tours that circle the area; you get on/off right next to the Liberty Bell building. 

Our carriage ride was only 20 minutes ($30 for 6 people) but really gave us a better appreciation for the park and it's surrounding buildings.

Independence Hall Itself is, as you'd expect, treated with pomp and reverence, and rightly so. It's a beautiful building, for a start, but it's the events within it's walls that capture your imagination. THAT's the chair Washington sat in, and THERE was where Ben Franklin was, and over THERE was John Adams, and... You get the idea. The tours are free and really very good indeed.
i visited in early december and, since it was the off-season, had little interaction with the security (besides a guard investigating the cheesesteak i had in a brown paper bag), and didnt have to wait in any lines.  i enjoyed walking around and checking out all the old buildings.  i'd definitely come in the winter if you can handle the cold b/c the summer crowds sound awful.
Wow! 

To think I stood in the very room where the Constitution was signed is amazing!  I saw the very chair that George Washington, our very first President, sat.....wow!  Chills were going up & down my spine.  I had goosebumps thinking that our forefathers who created this country were all in this building at some point.....wow!

You need to go to the Visitors Center to get a timed ticket.  Then you get checked by security before going into an area outside Independence Hall.  The tour starts on time, so be there.  Grab a seat & get a quick history lesson.  If you get Mike, he is a sweetie!  Good guy.  Very passionate about his history....which I love.  

First stop, the courtroom.  You will see the prisoners box & how small & simple a courtroom was back in the day.  

Across the hall....the room that will make you proud to be an American.

Yup...the very room where the Constitution was signed.  And written.  And worked on.  And it came to life!!  

Definitley a must see for all American's who make the trip to Philly.
Free tours of the birthplace of America - the place where the The Declaration of Independence and Constitution were signed, the place where the Constitutional Congress and original US Congress met, the place where the Liberty Bell is still stored today.  A large green space with tons of history yet lacking all the obnoxious security measures of Washington DC.  5 Stars, no doubt.
Visitors who know Philadelphia is home to more than just the cheese steak will want to make this the first stop on their itinerary. Particularly impressive is the fairly new  13,000-square-foot, $12.4 million glass pavilion housing the Liberty Bell. The building offers excellent information and interactive exhibits, including an X-ray of the bell's crack and a film produced by the History Channel about how it became an international icon of freedom.
Super cool place. Visitor center shops and parking can get a little expensive, but tickets to the bell and Independence Hall are completely free. It's surreal to stand where the Founding Fathers stood at our nation's birth. Highly recommend.
Visited 3 times in the summer of 2016 -Liberty Bell, NMAJH, Constitution Center, City Tavern and many local restaurants, cafes and shops.

I am proud and glad to live in the Greater Philadelphia area.
A great slice of American history, all in one place!  The line for the Liberty Bell (now complete with metal detectors) is a pain, but you have to do it once.
Unimpressive for a historical site (compared to sites in Boston). Obviously it is a must see for first time Philly visitors but I'm not sure if I'd go again.
Independence Hall and surrounding buildings; roped off on one side, the other with a small fence. Bag check to get in. Bathrooms are across the street; no open food or drink into the building.

You can get timed tickets for the tour in the Independence National Historic Park visitor's center. You can reserve tickets online and pick them up at will call for $1.50 per ticket. Otherwise free tickets for entry if you just walk up and get into the next available tour. Every 15 minutes there's a tour.

Inside here, the tour guides will sit you down initially to challenge you with a bit of history on why the US War of Independence was fought, when it was fought, and when certain documents were created and signed. The bell used to be in the building but once the steeple was rebuilt, they didn't put the bell back up.

They lead you into the justice's room first, and then they take you into the deliberation chamber where the Constitution was drawn up. All the while you'll have a park ranger giving you a bit of the story behind each room.

In July & August the second story of the building is open for visitors to look around in - this is where the Pennsylvania Legislature used to meet, go into the Library, and play the clavichord, etc.  An interesting part I've never gone up before.

The stairs to the steeple are not open to the public, too dangerous to go up to visit that.

And yes, totally agree with Melissa, bring the kids here when they can appreciate it... when they're around 8 or up.
This is free, but make sure to get your timed ticket.  I think it really depends on who your tour guide is on what you'll get out of the tour.  Also not having screaming kids around would have helped - thanks awesome parents.  But our tour guide for the main part was not good.  Her theme was on if we would turn against our country (GB) and when we'd do that.  The history had factual errors in it.  (I am a history teacher).  Perhaps the worst was her statement, imagine if soldiers lived in your homes.  This never happened.  The quartering act did not allow for regulars to live in private homes.  But the historical side of the tour was great.  Seeing the real places where history happened was cool.  Our guide in the original House of Congress was very well informed and even stuck around to talk with us for some extra time.  I think this is a great place to bring older kids and to go as an adult.  The kids who can't sit still for 5 minutes, maybe do a duck tour instead.
This is OUR National park and we must treasure and enjoy it.
Great for singles, couples, families, kids, seniors - everyone can find something to learn about and/or enjoy here.
5 stars no doubt!!  Reading a history book is cool and all but there's nothing like the feeling of actually being there, standing in the location where they drafted the Constitution and Declaration of Independence. According to the park ranger nothing is original except for the main chair where George Washington sat at and the artwork piece in the courtroom side. The furniture is from that era though.
The most historical thing in Philly besides the Cheesesteak, the Liberty Bell.  You get there early get a tour ticket time, and this is the first stop.  You can stand here and stare at it, take pics with it, and read the misspelling on it.  After this, take the tour and get info and a walking tour on all the places where famous stuff was signed and where people lived.  Pretty good stuff!
Goodness, I've visited the Liberty Bell tons of times. It's a nice easy historical landmark to bring the out of town guests, since it's easy for me to drive to Philly (compared to NYC) and it's only 40 minutes or so away. My one friend wanted to go see it, since he's never been and so we walked over after a breakfast feast at Reading Market (it's about a 15-20 minute walk down market street). 

The visitor's center is pretty new. A must to start- it looks like it's half owned by Philly tourism and the other by the NPS (note, passport stamps are available at the one main information desk). You can also get tons of info on other things to do in the city and the rangers and info desk people are very helpful. 

If you want to visit Independence Hall, they only let you in through reserved ticketing which you can either get online for a $1.50 reservation fee per ticket, or you go extra early and get a free ticket to one of the reserve times. If you're going on the weekend and especially in peak season, the online reservation might not be a bad choice, or you have to get there super early. We were there a little after noon, and the only tour available was at 4:15, which was too late for our plans. I haven't yet gone to Independence Hall, since all the tours are either sold our or it's too late, so maybe one day i'll be able to tour it!

The gift shop is huge and there are also concessions in the visitor's center, along with some films and exhibits. Cross the street and peruse through the newest exhibit before the bell- the location of washington's original house. The exhibit has tv screens and the exhibit is neat- an open air plan of the original house, and a section enclosed in glass that you can peer down into and see the actual original remains of the house. 


Fall in line to see the Liberty Bell- your bags will be checked. After that (there was bit of wait), look through the useful exhibits, and at the end you'll see the bell. It'll always be crowded, but always awe-inspiring. You can then go over to the hall and catch your tour if you're fortunate to get a ticket. The Liberty Bell is always free, and a must for any tourist visiting Philly!
The area surrounding Independence Hall was quite beautiful with lots of history and magnificent architecture.  It reminded me a lot of Boston but with a more... uh, colorful smell (to put it nicely).  

We reserved our tickets online and were able to pick them up no problem. Getting through security wasn't a major issue, but logistically the set-up is sort of nightmare. There is only one entrance and one exit for a location the space spans a city block.  The bathrooms were horribly disgusting even early in the morning when we got there.  

The tour was shorter than I expected, but very cool since you got to see the long hall and the room where they signed the Declaration of Independence.  The tour guide was helpful and friendly, but the park rangers outside seemed to hate their life (or their job, not sure which one).  They were rude and lazy.  There was one guard in particular that was manning the exit, who started yelling at tourists to shut the gate when there was no reason they could have known that was their responsibility.  It was obviously his job, but he was shirking duties.  Anyway, being from D.C., I thought the park rangers could have been a little nicer and a little more helpful.  It is their job afterall.

Definitely worth a trip.  I think all Americans should want to make the pilgrimage here.  But please, parents, wait until your kid is old enough to appreciate the significance.  There were so many crying and disruptive kids on the tour,  who seemed bored by the experience... probably because they just didn't get it.
A must stop if you visit Philadelphia, the Independence Hall Tour is the site of the signing of the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence and the Liberty Bell. 

The Liberty Bell tour is free and is located in a separate building just across from the visitor center. You will be able to take a photo of the liberty bell with Independence Hall in the background.

The Independence Hall Guided Tour requires you to get a ticket at the Visitor Center. There is no charge to the tour and it lasts about 30 minutes. You will be given a time slot for your tour.  You will see the original chair that George Washington sat in and the painting of the Signing of the Constitution.  On the tour, they might also ask the trivia question, how many individuals signed both the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution and who were they? For the answer, see www.wikipedia.org
Beautiful.  I'm an American history nerd (I say that proudly) and have been here a couple of times.  I've also seen the film 1776 countless times, so walking into this place feels like stepping into the movie.  There wasn't much on the talk that I didn't already know, but that's probably because the colonial and revolutionary time periods are favorites of mine.  You don't have to know much walking into it to appreciate what happened here.  The guides do a great interpretation.  

The last time I was there, I was with one of my best friends, who I've also subjected to the film.  We really, really wanted to go up the stairs, which were roped off that day.  (Back in 1992 my family visited over the summer and we were allowed to go to the second floor but I don't know if that's still an option.)  We kept pointing to them and singing to each other, "Pennsylvan-eee-aaah, Pennsylvan-eee-aaah, refuse to use the pen!"  We even joked with one of the rangers after, saying, "That was very cool, but you didn't mention the singing and the dancing.  When do they talk about the singing and the dancing?"  I give the rangers credit for laughing with us.

In all seriousness, though, get to the visitors center early in the day to buy your tickets and ensure yourself a place on a tour.  Even though we were being a little goofy, I really do feel that this place is pretty hallowed ground as far as US history goes, so prepare to be a little awed.  Adams, Franklin, Jefferson and Hancock, among others, sat in that room and started this country.  It's one of those museums where you can actually feel that.
Beautiful park, although I only was able to visit during the night, it was still amazing. Gorgeous lawn and great view from all around. Just sit there and enjoy the view. Believe me I'll be coming back to see the whole park area.
Again, grew up with the Knott's Berry farm Independence hall replica, so i was SO excited to see the real thing! I was kind of disappointed though to know that they just fill in the room with pieces from the era that they ASSUMED would have been there. I guess a lot of historical places do that, but it kind of makes you wish they just kept it as is. Even if that means I don't get to see a feather pen at every desk spot.
I can't believe I just visited Independence Hall for the first time!
I love visiting national historic sites (last year went to 4 presidential homes!) and now can check this off my list.
Visiting during an off-season period is great. We arrived at around 10am and there was absolutely no wait. And no need to obtain advance tickets in January and February!
We listened to two rangers describe the site. They each had their own quirky personality and gave different perspectives.
This is a must!
If you're in Philly, this should be your first stop after visiting the Visitor Center to get your free timed entry pass. 

It is a worthwhile tour, albeit a bit boring when at first your group is corralled into the room across the hall for the history lecture. I was impressed by the high school tour group with their ability to answer history trivia. Way to go Public Schools in America! 

The room where the signing of the Declaration of Independence and Constitution took place is cool. You can view G. Washington's original chair and Thomas Jefferson's walking stick (that might be a replica). 

The courtroom across the hall has a cage which the defendant had to stand in during the entire trial, hence the name 'standing trial'. 

It's a tour that is definitely worth 30 minutes of your time.
You should definitely make this part of  your trip next time you are in Philadelphia. They had lots of historical items such as letters, trinkets, etc. Some of it was a little boring but you should at least see it once in your life.
Good thing I actually read Yelp and my tour book, as you have to actually motivate to get tickets well in advance of when you want to visit Independence Park. That being said, I didn't think the line was that big of a deal, and when I got to the front I was able to choose what time I wanted to go on the tour -- I thought it would be "here is when you go", but it wasn't. 

The park itself is pretty cool. Very historic stuff, obviously; I really enjoyed the adjoining buildings to Independence Hall and there was an exhibit there that had a copy of the declaration of independence...very moving if you like that stuff! 

The tour was another story. I think our ranger was tired (we were the last group of the day) or ornory, or just plain bad. Not sure which, but I totally agree w/Michelle A.'s assesement; enthusiasm in your teacher makes a difference, even to us adults! We were 'oriented' for 30 minutes and told a laundry list of things we were not allowed to do...no, not only on the tour...in Philadelphia. And in life. WTF?! This debacle continued throughout the tour, to the point where a few left early and everyone was eager to leave near the end. Aside from the ranger, though, the hall and imagining the history taking place was astonishing. I mean, the words "We the People..." rang through these halls...incredible! 

Independence Hall and Liberty Bell Center are a required stop if touring Philadelphia. Like Boston, so much of what the city stands for, is ingrained in it's history. I felt that here like I do in my own home of Boston.
You can smell the American history with each step you take through this park. 

Can't imagine that Washington and Franklin and all the other Founding Fathers walk through this same park hundreds of years ago. 

This is where Independence Hall is located. Was no crowded. Easy to walk.

Great place to take a stroll and picture how life was here before there was an America.
A great place to learn about Philadelphia's place in history.  There is a lot of see and most if it i free.  There are NPS staff on site and they are more than willing to share knowledge and answer questions about what happened on that sites back in the day.  If found them to be very passionate about what they do.  

This is a great place to take kids as they are learning about the American Revolution, constitution, etc. in school.  The historical park is very kid friendly.  

The various sites are quite spread out so some comfortable walking shoes are recommended, along with plenty of water if the weather is warm.  Use the restroom in the Visitor Center as most buildings do not have facilities for public use.
This Park is amazing and has the most impressive collection of history that you will find.  It is truly amazing and a must see. This is the Birthplace of the greatest country in the world. At the Center you will find a very helpful Visitors Center that can help you develop an itinerary for the park's attractions which include the Liberty Bell, Ben Franklin's Grave, Independence Hall, the Declaration House and the Constitution Museum. You need to come here with a plan to maximize your time at the park and see all the attractions you would like. As I mentioned, The Visitors Center is the place to get that plan. You can probably see all the sites in a full day. Be mindful that each place has their own set of hours and some charge a small admission fee.  

The park has many large grass areas around that you can lounge on. There are also, park benches around that you can sit and enjoy the park areas.  I saw some people playing frisbee on the grass and others just laying out enjoying the day. The grounds are very well maintained and kept. It is very clean and landscaped.

They have a parking garage nearby and there is also metered street parking available in the vicinity of the park.
What's not to love about this area? Experience the birthplace of the Constitution, see where they signed the Declaration of Independence and see the Liberty Bell. 

Free tours at every building. In peak months, see if you can make a reservation... otherwise in the dead of winter, nobody's around and you can get in pretty quickly without any waiting. 

Come to see history!
We visited during the July 4th holiday and this was my favorite place.  Steeped in history, you will certainly learn a lot.  Start by getting a ticket for the tour and try to get an early time.  The tour was great and the guides were funny and helpful.  Take the time to think about our founding fathers and the model for democracy they created here.  In the summer heat they toiled for many days crafting the foundation for the country we live in today.  Their intelligence, foresight and sacrifice become evident.  They put life and wealth on the line for freedom.  They knew that they did not know everything and left room for change.  I marvel at what these men created and laid on the line for the liberties we take for granted.  Just look at the oppression in China or Iran and you will be grateful for the nation these titans built for future generations.
If you're ever in Philadelphia, like I was during my epic road trip (http://KananAcrossAmerica.blogspot.com) you gotta do yourself a favor and stop by!  The place is not only historic, it is also beautiful, there's lots to learn, and most of the exhibits are completely free.  Freedom may not be free, but Independence (hall) is!
I come to Philadelphia once or twice a year and finally made it to Independence Hall.  Be sure to get your tickets ahead of time online and get there early, because you'll need to go through a couple of security screenings in order to see the exhibits.  I've now visited twice and found it more interesting each time.  On my last visit, I had an absolutely terrific docent who could have been (and probably should be!) a professor of American history.  I believe his last name was Madeiros, or something similar, and he gave the most compelling, fascinating, enthusiastic tour that really brought history alive.  It was infinitely better than any collegiate (or high school) lecture I've ever received and I came away from my tour with a new appreciation for how difficult it was for early Americans to do something as simple as spread the word about voting.  Their productivity and activities were limited by daylight and a day in court was usually followed by a visit to the local pub (some things never change!).  I wish the docents were available for leading people through the entire complex, because they are so knowledgeable and could really change peoples' appreciation for American history and I think that most folks (present company included) would be willing to pay an extra fee for it.
It's a simple little park, close to the old city. There's a statue of Commodore John Barry in the middle of it. It's right in front of the Independence Hall.

It's nicely shaded and there's tons of trees and benches. It's got some short pathways all around it.

A good spot for a little rest and relaxation.
Made a brief swing through the Park the last weekend in February since no tickets are needed at that time of year and the lax security screening is even more lax than usual.  The pro to coming at that time of year is that the crowds are indeed lighter but the downside to that of course is that tours of the grounds can really get backed up since admission to the grounds is not timed but first come/first served which is great when a group of 50ish show up all at once.

We got into the Great Essentials exhibit and took some decent pictures but going into the Hall itself wasn't possible as the first tour was full with the aforementioned large group and we had no interest waiting/freezing outside for another half-hour until the next tour started.

Either way the grounds are still beautiful and the buildings looked iconic as usual.

Like millions of others, we'll be back.
Great park in the middle of downtown! Constitution center was packed with tour groups by mid-day so try and get this part done early! Free tickets to independence hall were definitely a plus, the hall itself though was a bit of let down in my opinion. Would have liked to have learned and seen more about our nation's history from the tour guide. Much of the building has been restored, only a few chairs and tables were actually "original." Definitely worth seeing, but did fall slightly short of my expectations. Liberty Bell was worth seeing as well, you can easily kill 4-5 hours in this area of Philly!
Bottom Line:  Independence Hall might be the crowning jewel of the park but there is so much wonderful Revolutionary War-era history to see here.

Independence National Historic Park consists of American icons like Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell but there are over 30 sites within this park.  Many of the sites, which are probably the most popular sites, are located within a few blocks of each other in the part of Philly called the "Old City."

A lot of the sites are "free" (prepaid through federal tax dollars) but some sites charge admission like the Franklin Museum and the National Constitution Center. While many of the sites you can enter and tour like the Independence Visitors Center and Congress Hall, other sites are open air exhibits like Franklin Court, Christ Church Burial Ground and the President's House Site. 

A great way to gather information on this park is by visiting the Independence Visitors Center or using the "Independence" app offered by the National Park Service.
I agree with so many other Yelpers that Independence Hall is absolutely a "must see" for any American.

If you come in January or February, you might have to stand out in the cold for a bit, but you won't need a timed ticket.  Even so, you won't get a lot of time in the building as there are still many tourists waiting to see this landmark and you do not get a lot of time in the building.
