If you have a tattoo or are thinking about getting a tattoo, you have to see the new Tattoo exhibit at the Seaport Museum.  I went last week and our group had a guided tour by the curator, which was awesome.  The way he told the story of the exhibit shows the life and death of the sailor and how the tattoo lives on forever.  I truly think that if everyone I worked with saw that exhibit, I wouldn't have to hide mine anymore!

That's just the most recent exhibit... I went with family to see the museum a few times and if you're in to Philadelphia history, this is the museum to go to.  Between the original art work, the stories and actual artifacts, the museum displays how Philadelphia used to prosper, centered between two rivers.  Words can't describe how great the museum is for kids and adults.
Here's the Scoop: Beautiful museum with great ship artifacts delayed. There are 3 floors and unfortunately I didn't get the opportunity to see all 3 floors I did see 2 floors. My family came here to see a play written by James Weldon Johnson's called "Gods Trombone. We've seen this play 2 other times in Harlem directed by Craig Harris a famous Trombone player.  Everyone's rendition and interpretation is different. I thought this rendition was "just okay. " I liked Craig Harris's rendition so much better. If you've never seen the play you would not have understood this version directed by Frankie Darrell. However, several actors performances stood out. This particular rendition did not have an intermission either which I think made it feel longer and dragged on. I think also the director needed to add more movement and less talking. It was entirely too many speaking parts and not enough music. I did understand that the theme in this rendition was to utilize the ministers preaching moments as "Gods Trombone" but it should have been broken up even more with music or dance for a better flow.
The coolest part of the museum is the outside Navy ship and submarine outside. I walked the overall museum and saw some nicely setup exhibits. You would be surprised to learn about how many tragedies happened in history involving crashed boats and accidents that caused them to sink. It was not just the titanic. They touched base on a little of everything even how the Africans came across the sea and sold off as slavery.

We wrapped up with checking out the Navy warship and the submarine on the marina. It was crazy to believe that people had to live in such tight quarters. The museum was not packed at all even going on a Saturday and seems to be a hidden gem. If you have a student id will run you 10$ a person (5$ discount)
I love this place! Here's the thing: I think it would be great for kids, but some of the other reviews say the employees treat kids badly. I didn't go with any children, I went with my dad on 4th of July weekend when it was empty, so we also didn't run into any employees. Anyway, onto the review.

The museum is huge, and it has a lot of interactive exhibits and things you can touch, and let's be real here - the best part of any museum is touching things. I'm not a rule-breaker, so I enjoy touching things even more if I'm allowed to touch them, and there is a lot here you're allowed to touch.

The first thing my dad and I did was go through a "choose your own adventure"-style room that taught you about the history of shipping in Philadelphia. If we'd just been reading about it I would've been bored, but you got to move through it and use a spinner at various stations to determine what happened to you, and that element made it a lot of fun for us both. Some other things you could do were put your hands in gloves and pretend to be a welder on a ship (which was extra cool because my brother is a welder on an oil rig), sit in a boat and "steer" with the tiller, and write/draw on a whiteboard wall that other people have contributed to. Even the displays you couldn't touch were really neat, and I enjoyed walking around and reading about everything.

Next, we went on the submarine (which is included in the price of the ticket). It's very narrow and tight, as you would expect a submarine to be, so I was claustrophobic at first, but I quickly got over it. We took our time checking things out, reading the plaques, and marveling at how so many men could fit all together in one sub. It's pretty dark in the submarine, so if you're going to take pictures, make sure your flash works. After that, we went on the ship (also included). You could sit in the dentist's chair, and touch the guns (not in service any longer, obviously). 

A few things to note: I really enjoyed getting to take my time through all of the exhibits, appreciate things at my own pace, and not be crowded. I think it would really be worth it to call ahead and see if they're expecting any large groups, or else go on a day like we did when there are bound to be fewer people. Also, we went on a really hot summer day. The museum was nice and cool, but the ship and the submarine were pretty hot. Not uncomfortably so for me (but I'm always cold), and they had big fans going on the ship, but especially with the submarine if you are prone to overheating you should plan ahead.
I would recommend getting admission to check out the boat and the submarine in the harbor, which are intensely cool.  The museum itself is decent, if a bit sparse in exhibit material.
If you pass by Philly by the river right across from the USS New Jersey on the NJ side, you may notice a trio of ships permanently docked nearby the Spruce Street park: the 19th century cruiser USS Olympia, the submarine USS Becuna, and the 4-masted ship Moshulu. The first two are part of the eye-opening Independence Seaport Museum just a few dozen steps north of the ships (pass a real torpedo used in the sub). The ships are a testament of seafaring life of the last century, and it's truly amazing to visually realize how much ships have evolved through the past century.

The museum itself is another gem of the city of Philadelphia. It is packed with nautical artifacts and historical exhibits of the trumphs and tragedies of the national and local seafaring life. Model of ships, including of the ships outside, are available for inspection. Even if you are not exactly a seafaring person, you would still delight at trivial exhibits, such as the box used by Henry Box Brown, a former slave who shipped himself out in a box into freedom, or the first slinky toy created by the docks of Philadelphia, or try your hands at the boring machine to drill a hole through a wooden plank -- necessary skills of a seaman (or woman!)

We were there 2 weekends before Christmas (check the schedule for exact date/time...) so we also enjoyed the parade of lights right from the museum's balcony performed by the local boats where they decorate their boats with lights for the competition (or just for fun).

Excellent place to bring yourself or your family to enjoy and learn the nautical history of Philly and beyond!
Underrated and often overlooked maritime museum right on the Philadelphia waterfront.  The displays are fairly wide-reaching given its size, ranging from the life and risks of a colonial-era sailor up to modern search and rescue and environmental responses that have occurred on the Delaware and covering both military and commercial topics.  Many interactive displays for kids and adults, and the staff is great.  The Olympia & Becuna are the real stars of the show, and tickets to get on board both of those vessels are available here.  If you are at Penn's Landing looking for something to do or are already planning to see the Olympia and Becuna, you'd be remiss if you didn't stop in here for an hour or two.
The Seaport Museum consists of a regular museum, a ship, a submarine, and a working boat-building shop.  Almost anyone will enjoy the sub, it is pretty freakin cool.  You can touch what ever you want and imagine how claustrophobic to it must have been to live on this thing for months at a time (It also made me question the notion that straight men resort to homosexuality aboard subs; I think you'd want to maintain what little personal space you have). The ship is nice, but just have a quick walk through unless it really interests you. The museum is very quiet and dark. I found it fascinating because I am interested in things like the history of technology and industry, but I could see how others, especially kids, would find it dull.  The boat-building shop is sort of along the lines of 'living history' in that the people are practicing a traditional craft for you to see, except that they don't dress up or pretend that they actually are from the past.
Oh my goodness, I was so bored.

I read all the reviews and have a tattoo so I thought I'd check it out. Some of the tattoo stuff was interesting but not enough to warrant a trip from out of town. I happened to be visiting a friend anyway and he likes sailing so I thought he might enjoy it. He did find some of the boats to be pretty cool but again, nothing spectacular.

What makes a trip to the Seaport Museum worth while is the self guided tour of the boat and submarine waiting for you down the promenade. They were so cool and the photos even entertained my ex-Navy step-dad when I went home.

If you're really interested in boats or you are looking for a way to kill several hours by strolling around, check out the Seaport Museum.
Came back one more time - and this time there was a special exhibit on Sugar and Candy Making (how ships brough the sugar to America) by the Berley Brothers (Shane Confectionery/Franklin Fountain).

My kid - who by then was 8 -now she's 9 - loved it and she really likes this museum.
Don't miss the ship-building shop where they will cheerfully answer your questions and the master craftsmen will stop their work to talk to you.  What great (and talented) guys!

We also thoroughly hit up the gift shop on this trip and there are lots of over-priced toys and knick knacks that appeal to kids so beware if you have children - they will want one of everything.\

A fun museum - and if they keep roating the exhibits we'll be back for a 3rd go.

P.S.  The tattooing exhibit is lots of fun as well.
We stumbled upon the ships while at the hammock park and decided to check it out. Just the ships costs $8 a person (the museum is $16/ person). It was well worth the $8. You get to walk through these ships and see all the rooms and common areas. We had a lot of fun here and learned a lot with the self guided displays.
This museum located on the waterfront contains a building and two ships to tour. I began in the building where I bought my ticket ($16 adult) and visited the two story museum. It depicts Philadelphia and the surrounding area's involvement and history in both military and civilian shipbuilding and ship traffic. There is a performance auditorium on the second floor and a gift shop on the first floor. I gave this part of the museum a 3 and would budget about 75 minutes to go through it. Then I proceeded to the USS Olympia and USS Becuna which are berthed next to each other about 100 yards from the museum. You can also buy your museum tickets at a manned booth at the ships entrance if you would rather start there first. 

I started with the Becuna, a Balao class WW 2 sub. Starting in the forward torpedo room and moving aft, the ship is well preserved and well documented in the different compartments. I have been on several WW 2 subs before and this one is one of the best. Without a doubt, you will be amazed at the small spaces that the crew had to live and work in. Moving to the Olympia, this 1800's battle cruiser built toward the end of the century, is the exact opposite and is a great study in contrasts to the Becuna. Space is abundant here. The living quarters almost make you feel like you are in a boutique hotel with all of the rich and dark wood in place. This ship fought in the Spanish American War of 1898 along with being part of Teddy Roosevelts' Great White Fleet. Both ships were a pleasure to visit (4). I would budget 75 minutes for both ships (even though technically Becuna is a boat).

And finally, across the river about 1/2 mile away is BB62 USS New Jersey in all her splendor. That is a separate tour not affiliated with this one. She is beautiful sitting over there in Camden. I did not actually visit her on this trip, but I have now seen 3 of the 4 Iowa class BB's (Missouri, Wisconsin and New Jersey with Iowa in LA still to go) and there aren't any better looking warships ever made.
On its surface its a family friendly museum that's ideal for kids who dream of living the life of a pirate. But from the occasional summer beer garden and adult nights, to theater productions and other special events, Independence Seaport Museum also has some events that make it worthwhile for all ages.

The Seaport Museum is one of those spots I forgot about before I saw Philadelphia Artists Collective put on their production of The Sea Voyage during this years Fringe Fest. But once I entered I instantly had memories of living up during the Yelp Event here, and learning to fight like a pirate on a ship during an after hours museum event. Add in the beer garden nights that they have during the better weather occasions, and they really know how to live it up with their special events.

For regular museum attractions the bulk of their displays do lean towards being more kid oriented. But as an adult its still cool to wander upon and explore some of the vintage ship displays that they have. They also have cool displays that are dedicated to things like nautical themed tattoos and bad sea weather. So overall its a good visit for everyone.
Let me start by saying my 3 year old son is obsessed with pirates. Being able to take him on a ship and a submarine was amazing. He loved every minute and didn't want to leave. It's pretty cool to be able to go down and see what it is like inside of a submarine. There were only a couple of other people there so it wasn't crowded and we could take our time. The museum in the building was ok. When we walked in we stood there for 5 minutes waiting for someone to check our tickets and when nobody helped us we just started walking into the exhibits. Once we did that a girl came and said she couldn't let us go in without a ticket. So for that I probably would give 3 stars. If we go back it won't be for the museum it will be for the ship and submarine.
This place is pretty cool.  

You can walk along by the river first, see all the ships, check out the sub, then even see the boats being worked on from the huge glass windows along the exterior of the museum along the museum.  

Like I said, cool.
One of my favorites growing up! They have a workshop, and lots of fun interactive and educational exhibits. The Olympia and Becuna are also really interesting.
Went here for a Yelp Event. We were on the fourth floor. The view was fantastic. We did not get to see the rest of the museum other then when we walked in-- but all of the ships were very cool.

It was a nice place-- the fourth floor has a bunch of decks with tables you can eat at!
I attended my first Yelp event here and the atmosphere was great! The view of the water and buildings from the outdoor patio was beautiful at night. It was a very nice experience attending my first Yelp event here. This is an awesome place to host a party!
I drove up from Atlanta last week specifically to see the USS Olympia. Not at all disappointed, although I'd have liked to go into the engine room. Also, the gun deck was closed off for some reason.

The Olympia is just beautiful -  a national treasure, even more so than the hulking battleship parked across the river (which I also visited). If you like American history, especially naval history, the Olympia is a must-see. The submarine Becuna is a bonus.
Really enjoyed this place, especially since we kind of wandered in by accident and it turned out to be surprisingly cool.  The highlights are definitely the big old navy ship and submarine that are included in the price of admission to the museum.  We checked those out first... the sub especially is so awesome as it seems that hardly anything has been changed, it and it's been left almost in the same condition it was when it took its last tour.  You almost expect to see a sailor in his bellbottoms lying on one of the bunks.  The museum itself is actually pretty interesting, with a variety of stuff to do.  Looks like it's kid friendly too, with lots of stuff for kids to touch and climb on/into. There are tons of interesting, informative videos to watch as you walk around, and cool interactive exhibits.
I was actually here for a music performance in the auditorium, but got to sneak some peeks at the artifacts and I would definitely like to go back and spend more time.  Lots of historical and nautical information to be found.
Definitely worth a visit. Great exhibition covering variety of topics - from tattoos to slavery. Best part was visiting the full sized real submarine and ship from WWI. Tickets are 17$ for adults.
The best part is not in the building but the ones floating outside...USS Olympia (late 1800's  cruiser) & USS Becuna (WWII submarine).  Enjoyed the walk through in leisure pace and learn its history.  One of the best things to do in Philadelphia.   Don't miss it.
**REVIEW FOR A WEDDING VENUE**
My dad worked here when I was younger and ever since I attended a 4th of July event on their 4th floor I knew I wanted to get married here. It was such a unique venue with beyond breathtaking views of the city and a great location! The open bar was included in our pricing. Dena was accommodating and we were able to truly cater our day to have the exact experience we were looking for. The staff was great, but it is a place where you have to do setup yourself and reserve vendors on your own. The ceremony took place on the rotunda and we had a cotton candy sunset for cocktail hour on the 4th floor terrace. The venue is a hidden gem that could really provide the wedding of your dreams!
A friend of mine got us 2 free passes otherwise, I quite honestly never woulda thunk to come here.

Today I took my 6 year old daughter here and we arrived at 3 PM (They close at 5).  We will definitely come back one more time - soon - to see the rest.

We straight away headed to the submarine (creepy & cramped) and ship that are docked nearby.  This took about 35 minutes.

Then we started in on the exhibits - and did not get all the way through.  We spent a long time in the boat shop.  I had no idea they actually build, replicate and restore boats for museums all over the east coast.  While we were there, one of the head builders stopped sanding long enough to tell us about a design they are working on for the Seaport Museum at Mystic, CT.  Neat-o!!!

The lights were dimmed at 4:45 - so we headed to the gift shop.  Whew - narrowly escaped that one.

We'll be back soon.  I enjoyed this a heck of alot more than I thought I would - on the surface it seems like a real snooze fest.  But with the 6 year old in tow - it was much better.

Oh and it was great to come on a random Monday in April than say - July 4th when tourist central swoops in.
Extremely poor customer service and even communication among the staff. I was interested in the pop-up pub aboard the USS Olympia featuring Crooked Eye Brewery on 9/2. The manager of my b & b advised me to call 1st, and I was told that the pop-up was cancelled due to weather, but would be held Sun. Evening. Sun. Eve I showed up after 5 and was told the ships were closed. Another woman told me the pop-up pub was open. However, it was not on the ship, and the pub only served mass-produced American swill. They really need to get their act together.
This is a good place to bring Children because they have a lot of hands on activity. There's some exhibits that invite you to climb into, like a box, a bed, and a boat. 

I wouldn't suggest coming here on a day when you are on a tight schedule because there is a lot of reading in here. I quickly skimmed everything because I was trying to fit 2 museums in the afternoon. 

Call ahead to see what time they close so you can pace yourself with other museums if you're a tourist like me, because today they closed at 7pm so I could have came here last since a lot of places close at 5!
Independence is a fun, informative museum which includes a ship and a submarine which you can walk through and explore.  The museum itself is interesting with different exhibits showcasing the development of shipping over the years, there is also a section about the many immigrant groups that passed through Philly's ports.  There is also a sad but important exhibit on slavery and how it took place locally and it goes into details on the struggle that people made fighting for their rights.

The museum is definite a good value for I believe the $10 or $13 a ticket.

Note: Check the website about parking - as they have a lot of deals worked out with the local parking lots.  When we went the museum pretty much covered our parking fee.
