If you're a freelancer, consultant, entrepreneur or anyone else who toils away at home or in random coffee shops around Philly, you must do yourself and your business a favor and get your bad self over to IndyHall, stat. It's a vibrant, dedicated community of our city's best and brightest - on any given day you'll find designers, programmers, writers, start-up leaders and more tappity-tappin' away on computers while bounding ideas off of each other (and guzzling coffee!). 

The new space is big, bright and beautiful - just like the IndyHall community. Awww, isn't that sweet?
Indy Hall is an amazing place for freelancers and anyone who does not want to work at home to enjoy a collaborative and welcoming atmosphere. However, they have one particular asset that is the icing on the cupcake. Nap couches. Indy Hall's nap couch is top notch. Extra wide so you're not all cramped up and folded in half. Clean, soft pillows and a soothing color that practically induces power naps. Myself and many others have found themselves rejuvenated after some quick shut eye on these gifts from the coworking Gods. Best part? They're big enough for a nap buddy.
Indy Hall is a fantastic place to find some of Philly best and brightest independents. Bring a laptop and some work to do, and you're sure to have a productive and enjoyable experience!
Name a better spot in Philly for freelancers, consultants, entrepreneurs to get some coworking done at a place that's been consistently gaining attention for their devotion to this city, technology and new media.

That's what I thought.
When I moved to Philadelphia I looked for co-working spaces around the city. I tried out Indy Hall for 1 day but decided not pursue a full time membership.

Positives:
- Great location if you live in Center City or do not plan to drive. If you do drive, paying for parking in Old City will cost an arm, a leg and a few other ligaments. 

- Great community with weekly events that are open to all members. 

- Interesting sculptures on display :)

Negatives:
- 1 Day pass cost $30 back in July; many other places have a free 1 day pass so prospective members can test drive the co working space

- Desk space is a very tiny compared to other facilities; when the office is full, you're practically on top of each other.

- Technically not a 24/7 facility but some members do have key access. This was the biggest sticking point for me as I worked most weekends

Advice:
- If you're looking for a co-working space in Philly, try a few out before choosing one. There are a lot of options available in Center City and just outside it. Each has their ups and downs.
Indy hall is the future of America. Best place to work in philly if you have the freedom to work from anywhere. down with corporate business, more power to the entrepreneurs. The community is the best part. There are dozens of events at any given time, including a weekly "night owls" where everyone stays late and has a home cooked dinner together. AMAZING RIGHT???
I like working here. 

Makes it seem like every day is Bart's bday! 

Totally awesome.
Between it being an incredible shared workspace where you can network and make connections with plenty of interesting people from all kinds of businesses; to the plenty of awesome art events that they host during the occasional First Friday, Indy Hall is just one of those spots that has plenty of endless possibilities.

For a reasonable fee ($30 for a day pass, with plenty of membership packages) Indy Hall can be the perfect workspace of your dreams for when you need to get out of the office, home, or coffeehouse/library environment to get a project done. And it has plenty of desks, table, and couches to suit your ideal work environment while you kill off another good story on your laptop. But the best thing about the Hall might just be the other people who work there that you have the ability to work with and establish a connection with as you'll find plenty of journalists, graphic designers, members of Geekadelphia, and other people who attend on a weekly basis.

On at least every other First Friday Indy Hall also features quite the awesome art party (some that have even featured fellow Yelpers!). Last month featured the Sideshow carnival inspired art of Michael Heston, while previous events have been inspired by music and spirit animals. And each gathering has a couple kegs and special freebies that go with the theme.
