While we were in Philadelphia this is one of the cool statues landmarks that we came across. Philadelphia had a lot of neat looking murals in public art and statues and memorials and all kinds of cool things to see. This is located pretty close to the art center and is a very neat tribute to John of arc
Honestly when I saw the Joan of Arc statue, I just saw the pretty gold statue and was gravitated to it.  I had no concept of who the figure was, but after doing some digging and googling, it was very cool to stumble across this history.

Part of the Museum without Walls Audio program, the Joan of Arc statue is across the street from Philadelphia Museum of Art.  While we didn't get a chance to truly tour the museum or do the Audio program tour, it's nice to know that you can begin soaking up artistic beauty in traffic.

Worth planning your entire trip around?  Well, no, but it's hard to miss if you're out and about downtown, and although from afar it's still shiny and pretty, when you're up close to it, you really can appreciate this piece of work.

Lovely, eye catching, and worth taking a few photos of if you're in the area.  Check it out!
Gorgeous statue next to the art museum. You can't miss the golden lady~ It is so beautiful under blue sunny sky. If you are visiting the museum, definitely take a short walk and appreciate this golden statue.
It is hard to miss this brilliant gilded  statue of a mounted Joan of Arc. She;s riding an armored horse and hoisting a flag. All are brilliant gold, though they're probably not actually gold. She is facing the Philadelphia Art Museum, to the right if you're facing the Rock Steps.

Joan of Arc was the heroine of France for her rule during the Hundred Years' War and she was canonized as a Roman Catholic saint. King Charles VII sent Joan to the siege of Orléans as part of a relief mission. She gained prominence after the siege was lifted only nine days later. On 23 May 1430, she was captured and handed over to the English who put her on trial. Declared guilty, she was burned at the stake on 30 May 1431, dying at about nineteen years of age.

[Review 10379 overall, 145 of 2019.]
Not many people, especially Philly tourists like me, probably know this statue exists. But it is found just within a short walk from the Philadelphia Art Museum and the Rocky statue. Its very brief, as I didn't get too close to it, but from across the road. Found at a busy traffic stop (I don't recall seeing any crosswalks that led to the small grassy island with the work of art), the statue is gold in color but it is not actual gold. 

I did a little research on this statue before doing this review. The statue was designed by Emmanuel Fremiet, who also did a similar statue that is found in Paris. Apparently in Philly, she is known as "Joanie on a pony". It is 15-feet-tall, and it was first unveiled in 1890, and was placed at its current location in 1948. There you have it, folks. Take a few extra steps and check out this magnificent sculpture from the museum.
