John's is so classic South Philly! This corner, grab and go counter only spot is serving up delicious, pure "wooder ice" in that unmistakable South Philly no nonsense manor. For those reading this not from Philly and aren't familiar, that's how it's said here here in the heart of South Philly..."wooder". It's super classy :) 

The offerings are simple...4 classic flavors with the occasional special of the week. That's it. Nothing fancy. Nothing crazy. Chocolate, cherry, pineapple or lemon are their staples. Their cherry is THE best cherry I've ever had and I've been eating water ice my entire life. Their pineapple is my second favorite, tangy lemon is quite good and definitely refreshing! 

Prices are inexpensive. For just $1.75 you can get yourself a small 90's retro cup filled with two flavors. They are generous with the scoop and a small is really enough. Gelati (1/2 ice, 1/2 ice cream) is also available and is made with hard homemade ice cream here, not custard. If you're used to other gelati, maybe try it here since it's so different. 

The girls slinging the ice are super efficient and you can tell they're ready for a crowd which you will see gather on sweltering days. They're so sweet and notably cute. On our last visit when the girl handed me back my change (they are cash only of course) I automatically motioned to put it in the the tip jar except I didn't see one. I asked about it and she told me they have to keep it behind the counter because people steal it. Oh, welcome to Philly. So if you so feel inclined to tip, just hand it to the girls and they'll safely put it away. 

Please, I beg of you, if you're in the city DO NOT go to one of the water-ice chains! It's almost sacrilegious, especially while in South Philly. Places like this are the real deal and what you want. John's has been a family run business since 1945. It's currently run by a 3rd generation owner who uses ​only fresh fruit he personally selects and squeezes by hand, filtered water and sugar.​ That's it! No preservatives, no additives and no junk like the big names chains use. Trust me, this is where it's at. THIS is Italian Philly "wooder ice". 

*Knocking a star off because I feel they could set up a table or two. Maybe at least a bench. Moms who don't want their sticky, wiggly kids in the car feel me..
My gf doesn't think much of her Johns, but I think a lot of John's. It's one of those amazing water ice places that can only be found in South Philly. It's my 3rd fave of the 4 that I frequent, just ahead of Jimmy's, just behind Italiano's and Pop's. Not sure how to compare Dati's to these ones.

Water Ice is like the Roast Pork Sandwich and the infamous Cheesesteak. Only unlike the Cheesesteak (and much like the Pork), it's absolutely delicious. I have no idea why, of these 3 claims to food fame, it's the bland, boring one (Cheesesteak) that became internationally famous. Forget it. Come here and get yourself a water ice or a Gelati, and you'll see what I mean.

Water Ice has been exported around the country now by Rita's, which is from Philly, but it's still not as famous as it should be. In South Philly you have an assortment of tiny little family-owned water ice shops, which over time will go out of business if we are unlucky. I believe Italiano's already has, or will be soon.

Gelati mixes layers of frozen custard with water ice. It sounds like it might not work but it absolutely does. It's wonderful. Rita's does a version using soft serve and it works really well, but since you can get that at Rita's, skip that option, and do the Pop's original, the unique specialty for South Philly Water Ice shops... the Gelati using hand-dipped hard ice cream. Vanilla, specifically.

There are some ridiculously attractive servers here at this location, especially the owner (I think) who is the really extremely tanned one (swoon). The boys are really hot here too, so my girl says. She flirted a little too much with them and I liked that she did that a little too much.

As for the products. Nice lemon, has a good taste. Not too crazy about the cherry but it wasn't bad. I love the texture of John's, it has an excellent mush consistency. The birthday cake flavour ice cream is just awful. It'll set you back around 1 75. 

I was going to say this is the most "Jersey Shore" of the Philly water ice stores, and then I found out that *omg* they have one in Jersey too. Figures.
Summer has only just begun, but I've already made several trips to John's for their delicious water ice. My favorite is a pineapple and cherry combo. Both flavors are perfection and just the right amount of sweet. The prices are great; it's two bucks for a small which is perfect for an every day sort of treat. I look forward to many visits as the weather heats up!
Word on the street was water ice is a must for any visit to Philly. I honestly hadn't heard of it but always up for a foodie adventure, came with my group to John's Water Ice. It was just what I needed on a hot summer's day. 

I went for a small cup of half mango and half strawberry water ice. SO REFRESHING. It can't quite be compared to a snow cone because the ice is so smooth and not crunchy. Also, the fruit flavor is strong but not as artificial as you would get from syrups. There were even little pieces of mango floating around. The small was the perfect size for me, but I could imagine wanting more. 

There's no where to sit so grab your treat and hang on the sidewalk or enjoy elsewhere! Cash only, with a small costing around $1.75. Next time, I'm definitely game to try their ice cream!
Lovely water ice place. Nothing fancy about this place, but it's amazing! Water ice is like the Philly version of Italian ice but they taste pretty much the same. 

They have their classic flavors but also rotates around a couple "special" flavors throughout. 

If you can't decide if you want water ice or ice cream - get the gelati. It's a combination of water ice and ice cream. First layer is water ice, then ice cream, then at the top is another layer of water ice. We got mango water ice with butter pecan ice cream gelati. So HEAVENLY - especially in this hot heat wave! I love eating the refreshing water ice paired with the creamy ice cream. 

Perfect place to take people that are visiting. John's ice water is a must try dessert in Philly!

Tip: they only take Cash!
If you feel like your face is going to melt because the sun is so damn hot, and happen to find yourself in Philadelphia, John's Water Ice will help save you and drop your core temperature down a few degrees. But what's water ice, exactly? Well, it's water. It's ice. It's flavored. It's drawing from practically every American's nostalgia of summer in some way. And it's delicious. You should go there, now.

Things to know:
*****
I. LOCATION & PARKING
Since the establishment is located in a residential area, there's residential parking around. They don't have their own lot - at least from what I saw - unfortunately. And it resides on the corner of Christian Street and South 7th Street.

II. WATER ICE
In other regions of the country, you might know this as a snow cone. It's also synonymous with Italian Ice (probably the most common term), but I guess here in Philly they call it water ice. 

I tried both lemon (top) and strawberry (bottom). The ice was plenty cold, and the flavors seemed to actually have real fruit in them. They weren't just a concentrate. Both were wonderful, and I would get them again. 

For other flavors, they also have cherry, chocolate, pineapple, and pina colada (not pictured on the menu outside). Aside from water ice, I'm not sure why one would go there for anything else. ;)

III. SERVICE
The staff were fast and polite - so no qualms here. 

IV. AMBIENCE & DECOR
There's no seating, so it's more of a grab-and-go type-of-place.

V. PRICES
It's cash only. Also, here are the prices, for water ice: 

Small: $1.75
Med: $2.25
Large: $3.00
QT: $5.25

Everything is pretty affordable, if you ask me. These prices are stuck in the 1980s.

VI. OVERALL
Best water ice/ snow cone/ Italian ice that I've had in recent memory. Definitely worth it in every single way.
As fall rolls in, I'm already feeling nostalgic for this past summer.

Speaking of nostalgia, I didn't grow up in Philly. I spent the early formative years of my childhood in New York City. And there, we didn't have water ice. We had Italian ice. It was sold in push carts, scooped into pleated paper cups, and enjoyed long past the time the paper cup became a mushy mass in your hands. 

I don't quite understand how John's has done it, but the flavor profiles and textures of the water ices at this corner in Philly, bring me back to those pushcarts in NYC. 

This past summer I tried all kinds of water ice around the city of brotherly love, including some hand made hipster water ice made with local fruit and flowers. But nothing else scratched the itch like John's.

Can I imagine a better water ice place? Sure. There might be more flavors. There would definitely be seating. Absolutely there would be air conditioning. I could imagine a better chocolate water ice too, with a deeper cocoa flavor and richer in body. However even then, John's would hold a place in my heart, because there's no better flavor than the taste of one's youth.
i am so glad that john's is reveiwed already! this was one of the first places that i was allowed to walk to as a kid (with mom-mom and her best friend following behind, ostensibly staring up at the sky and looking at....???? mmm-hmmm....). john's lemon is the best ever, and whomever said that it was too sweet must have caught it on an off day, it is not too sweet and has lemon bits in it. their cherry stains, but it is delicious, as is the chocolate and the pineapple. they had an awful foray into the flavor wars over ten years ago, i can't remember what they added but it was the pits! and they had 'gelato' for a while (that bizarre mix of vanilla soft serve and water ice that some people actually thought was gelato, BOO!), but they are back to doing what they always did. and how could they stay open all year round? they have the best gig ever, water ice in the summer, heating oil in the winter. perfect merging of two necessary resources into one organization. :)

and you should try a pretzel rod with yours.....i don't see many people doing this anymore, but you should try it!
What's Italian water ice? Growing up in Taiwan and canada, water ice is basically slushie or slurpie. I had tried Rita's to confirmed my assumption. With zero expectation, I ended up at this place due to the yelp rating and the fact that I was dying of the heat...

I got a cantaloupe water ice and my partner got the pineapple one...

OMG, I thought my mouth just died and came alive in some heavenly crazy universe. The water ice was so pure of the actual fruits, and didn't seem to have added sugar. In fact, I could taste tiny pieces of the fruits in the water ice. That whole thing was so pure, clean, and refreshing on a hot humid day that the water ice revived me from a heat stroke. It is basically medicine. Also, the price was unreasonably good.

This hole in the wall is a pure gem and please stay away fro it so that I can have more. 

They have ice cream too, but I just want their water ice. In fact, I dreamed about it.
Why 5 stars? Because this was some of the best frozen sugar I've ever tasted.

   ---   ---   ---

I've always had a fondness for all things frozen sugar. As a child, I once ate 100 Pop Ice's in 2 days. And when I say as a child, I was like 15. But 15 year old me could never have dreamed as something as glorious as John's Water Ice.

There isn't much to write about this place, outside of the fact that the water ice is absolutely unbelievable. I could literally eat it every day for the rest of my life and never get tired of it. Sometimes after eating something sugary, I feel kind of gross - like my stomach can only handle so much sugar. But for whatever reason, this didn't do that to me. I felt ready to go play full court basketball afterward. John's Water Ice gives you wings.

It's a small place - really just a covered counter, and it's cash only. Don't go expecting thrills, just deliciousness.
You hear about something for so long and wonder if it really measures up to the hype.

John's Water Ice lived up to its reputation.

I base this only on the chocolate ice I enjoyed. Others in my party seemed less than impressed with their fruit-based flavors which they deemed too artificial. 

The chocolate water ice had a perfect, delicate, mild chocolate favor. It did not taste artificial and it was not cloying. The perfect treat on a hot July night. I would be so happy to indulge in that chocolate again sometime very soon.
The grammarian in me hates the somewhat redundant term "water ice," but that doesn't stop me from gulping down buckets of the stuff when the mercury starts to rise. As the purveyor of this icy treat closest to my home, John's is a regular stop for me during the summer months. I love their pineapple water ice like a fat kid loves... well, you know. Sure, Rita's has more flavors and I do go there when I'm in the mood for passionfruit or mango water ice. But John's is still my nearest and dearest.
tl;dr the quintessential taste of summer, this no-frills shack offers slings Dixie cups of pure joy

The first day of Spring is an unofficial holiday in Philly: it marks the opening of water ice-eries throughout the city. For the uninformed, water ice is a beloved Philly frozen dessert, smoother than shaved ice but lighter than sorbet. And nearly everyone in Philly knows that John's Water Ice ranks among the heavy hitters. Just out of Italian Market propper, John's dessert easily trumps many of the more sophisticated dessert options around the Italian market.

The red-and-green sign draws your attention to the otherwise unassuming, garage-sized shack. Expect a line, but rest assured that it will move at lightning speed. Cash only, but fortunately an ATM is aptly placed just outside the door. John's doesn't offer any indoor space, seating, or even umbrellas -- try your luck at finding a shady bench or curb nearby to chow down before your water ice turns to ice water.

On this particular visit, my partner opted for a lemon water ice, while I decided on chocolate ice / butter pecan ice cream gelati. The queue stretched 5+ parties, but everyone filed through quickly -- arguably faster than Rita's spends ringing up just a single group. And the generous portions were nearly toppling out of our flimsy Dixie cups.

Two things, in particular, stood out to me during this visit. First, the flavors taste noticeably less artificial than water ice chains. The lemon ice even sported a few fragrant chunks of lemon peel. Second, the decision to pair water ice with ice cream adds a hearty oomph that isn't captured by frozen custard (sorry, Rita's).

At $7 total, John's is a rip-roaring deal. Standing by their secret, generations-old recipe, John's features both iconic flavors (lemon, chocolate, cherry, and pineapple) and rotating specialties (e.g., cantaloupe). Open until 10PM each day, John's is a sure way to beat the heat even on balmy Philly evenings. The only drawback: you'll be craving John's every muggy day for the rest of the summer.
I may be from Philly, but I'm not sure I can discern between good and bad water ice. Is there even really a difference? Regardless, Johns is tasty, its close to where I live, and its a cool scene (really seems like the whole neighborhood is there some nights). They don't have many flavors, but the no-frill atmosphere is part of the appeal. If you're in the hood on a hot day, worth a stop fo sho.
Water ice is one of those Philly Staples that is a must eat in the summer. Philadelphians pronounce it as "wooder" or "wooter" ice. So water ice is like Italian nice, but not that hard packed dessert you find in the frozen section at the market. It is a lot lighter and smoother and something you would want on a very hot and humid day. 

John's Water Ice is an all brick building, located on a corner that is an easy find, with (free) street parking. Served in a Dixie cup, patrons can choose from 4 flavors of water ice (but you can also order ice cream and gelati if you prefer) and the size (small or medium). You can also purchase by the pint and quart if you want to take this home. John's Water Ice only uses the most simplest of ingredients to make water ice with just water, fruit and sugar. You can definitely taste that simplicity.

Anyways, my husband and I ended up ordering Medium Pineapple Water Ice, $2.50 (tax included). Please note that this place is CASH ONLY. The pineapple flavor was subtle but very refreshing. It did not taste artificial and syrup like, which was nice. 

Please note that this place is just a walk up counter, with no indoor seating. There are no tables and chairs so you just stand and eat your dessert. There are also no restrooms available.

We came here on a Tuesday around 3:45 pm. It was nice that there was no line. However when we walked up to the register, the employee taking our order was rude. She said "what do you want" when we approached the register. I don't get why people who work in dessert places can be jerks sometimes. You should eat some of the stuff that you sell so you don't scare off all the customers. Anyways, we paid with three dollar bills, she just snatched it from my hand and threw down the 2 quarters as change. It really made it pretty damn awkward and made me wonder what the hell was wrong with her. For this employee's attitude, I have no choice but to give this place a lower rating. 

But despite that encounter, this is definitely the place for a nice refreshing treat on a hot day. Just remember to bring cash.
Great for Warner you're craving a scoop of ice cream or water ice on a hot day! The prices are extremely reasonable ($3 for a small ice cream cup that isn't super small) and the taste is great. Be warned there may be a line because they are pretty popular. Don't be alarmed-the scoopers move pretty quickly do the line goes by fast!

**Johns is cash only!
What an amazing classic place. I am happy just to sit under this sign. The water ices are good, fine. Who cares if it's the best in the world, the city, or the block? It's a water ice. As long as it's not saccharine it's a good water ice and I'm happy to be there.
I'm not sure I understand the love affair with this place.  When I ordered a cup of the lemon water ice, I felt like my teeth were going to fall out upon eating it. It tasted more of sugar than lemon.  In that regard, it didn't taste any better than Rita's to me.  Give me Philly Flavors, Italiano's, or Sundae's over in Jersey anyday.
In searching around for things to do and eat in Philly, I'd bookmarked John's but it didn't look like it'd fit in to our itinerary. But, as we were driving out of town back to where we came from, I saw a store on the corner that said water ice, so I hopped out to give it a try.

The only place I've had italian/water ice from is Rita's, so I was looking forward to a non-chain, original type deal. The texture at John's was almost like a snow cone, and their preparation seemed to be similar, so watching it, I was sure it'd be great.

However, despite the staff being nice (1 star and letting me sample literally all of their 4 or so daily flavors and the 1 special flavor of water ice for the day, I was not impressed but ordered a small because it's cheap (1 star) and I felt bad. The flavors felt bland and artificial, and instead of sample spoons I ended up with five full size spoons full of ice and had to awkwardly juggle them until I could make my way to the crowd to find a trash can.

I had no idea President Obama had ever been here until I saw the Yelp pictures. Guess this is one of the few things I'll have to disagree with him on.
A Philadelphia institution serving lines of water ice aficionados since 1945. If you love water ice, but have never been here, than you owe it to yourself to get here ASAP. Easily the best, and most original, water ice there is. The Cherry is a classic and just fantastic. The classic lemon is equally good. I've never made it for the "blueberry in July" (Saturdays only!) but I'm hoping to remedy that in 2021. Third generation family owned business.  It's worth seeking out. Just look for the lines of happy faces queued up on the sidewalk.
Multiple attempts to figure out when this place was open and the stellar reviews led me to over-anticipate just how good it would be. Would this be the greatest water ice or the greatest dessert in general of all time? 

One taste quickly settled the debate. 

The cherry water ice combined the metallic, artificial flavor of a years-old decarbonated diet cherry cola with the consistency of cough medicine and chalk. It was just shockingly bad from the very first bite. 

I threw it out after forcing my way through a third of it (it had to get better...but didn't) and went to Rita's, whose wild cherry was a million times better. 

Not sure what happened here.
In order to prepare myself for the upcoming heat wave I concluded that I was going to need some water ice post haste (A margarita too but I doing the teetotal today so opted for a smoothie at Cafe Grindstone instead). I went to South Philly to give the real deal a try and it was definitely worth it.

It didn't have all the flavors of Rita's but it doesn't matter since the flavors are au natural. and even if there was just 5 water ice choices to go through choosing what one was still pretty tricky. But I needed to finally try a Gelati and I was on a chocolate crave. So I doubled up and went with chocolate water ice on chocolate ice cream. It's as decadent as it sounds, and it gave me killer brain freeze, but damn was it worth it. Bring on the heat wave cause I'm ready.
i dont know what they do it it.  
i dont know why it's so delicious.  
i dont know why it's named water ice.
i only know i was told to have it here, and that john's water ice is the best in south philly.  and since it was the ONLY water ice i had in south philly, well.. it easily fell into the "best" place.

so there it is, told  to you by the chick  from california.  
John's Water Ice is the best water ice i've ever had.
The hubby craves this place and I kinda do, too. I get the cherry ice and vanilla ice cream gelati and it's always refreshing and deliciously sweet. The hubs like lemon ice and vanilla ice cream gelati. 

They have other ice cream flavors and ice flavors, but be sure to go "in" the building so you can see the sign to your left that lists all of the flavors of the day. 

The location is great and lots of people illegally park to get their John's fix. I don't see any tickets on their windows, so the cops must be cool with it, so long as you get moving when you're done. ]

CASH ONLY and cheap.
After having tried a range of water ice places in the area, this is our current favorite. It's not overly sweet and artificial tasting, likely since it looks like real fruit and juice is used in the process. It's also quite reasonably priced for the quantity. 

Great place to stop on a hot summer day!
So affordable and so good! They now have mango as a water ice flavor! The water ice is not super sweet and all the sizes are affordable. I like the texture since it's not too watery like Rita's. Definitely a place to stop by on a hot day. They also have ice cream so you can mix your water ice with it.
Sooo much better than Rita's.Texture is so good.Flavors are very basic
1.Lemon.
2.Chocolate 
3.Pinapple 
3.Cherry

Three sizes. You can do half and half .
They also have ice cream and make Gelatis.Most ppl I see order plain woooter ice.
I'm not sure if there is another place like John's water ice out there.  

There isn't anything more reinvigorating on a hot day than a cold refreshing ice and no other place like John's water ice to grab one.  All the ice are super fresh and the constant lines are a true indication of how great they are at their craft.  The Lmon ice is especially all natural and fresh.  There might be a lemon seed or two in each cup of the lemon Ice that speaks volumes on how these are handmade, created in small batches.  It's really hard not to drop by grab one of these Lemon Ices on a hot summer day.

They also do ice cream as well, but stick with the ice, because I'm not sure you can find some this great elsewhere.

Check business hours before coming in the fall and winter seasons.
Happened by when there was no line. Got a mango water ice: delicious with bits of mango throughout. So good, so refreshing on a hot day. 

My husband got a gelati with vanilla ice cream and lime ice. The lime was soooo good. So much fresh lime flavor. 

Definitely in my top 3 water ice shops. 

So glad I made it before they close for winter. I'll be counting the days until spring so I can return.
Thanks for the trash in my Gelato, 3 times now!

John's Water Ice is just around the corner from me and I have had their water ices and gelatos about 6 times now.  However, last night was the straw that broke my back and will drive me to Rita's from now on.  I ordered a gelato (Vanilla B-Day cake and Cherry ice) after getting 3 spoonfuls into it I started hacking-up an unidentified gelato object.  It turned out to be a soft contact lense.  This would surprise me from any other business establishment, but 2 orders ago I pulled a plastic price tag out of my mouth after a spoonful of gelato from John's Water Ice.  My first trash-in-mouth experience came in early June with a Cherry Water Ice, after I was about 1/3 of the way down I started finding a bunch of black specs in the water ice.  I pulled a few out and set them aside, they did not melt and they were not food items.  After attempting to crush them with my spoon and failing, I came to the non-scientific conclusion that it was some sort of crushed rock or plastic.  

Unless you like finding trash in your summer treats, I would avoid this place until they clean-up their act.  For me, I will walk 2 extra blocks and have a Rita's that comes free of trash.
Visited John's with our neighbors on a very warm Saturday, and the cool treats definitely hit the spot! While John's has "Water Ice" in their name, they also serve ice cream and gelati (ice cream + water ice) as other cool treats. On such a warm day, there were a decent number of people, but the line moved very quickly so we didn't wait long at all. I can imagine that it gets pretty crowded on the 95+ degree days! 

I do like water ice on a hot day, but I definitely gravitate towards ice cream when given the chance. So, my fiancee and I both opted for ice cream on this hot day. The server was a bit confused that I only wanted ice cream and not a gelati, but after we got things sorted out, all was well. They feature your classic ice cream flavors, but they also have a rotating special flavor list, which I focused my attention on. They probably had ~8 varieties to choose from, and you had your choice of cone, cup, or waffle cone with very very reasonable prices. For just $3, I got a small ice cream with the cup being PACKED to the brim! John's lets you split flavors, so I tried the birthday cake and the coffee chocolate chip. Both were excellent - loved the pieces of cake in the birthday cake and loved the balance of coffee and chocolate in the other, and they were both so creamy. My fiancee went for the blueberry cheesecake in a waffle cone, which I think wound up being only $5 for a HUGE cone. He was quite pleased with the ice cream and the size! 

We were a bit disappointed to learn that John's doesn't actually make their own ice cream (sad), but it still was good nonetheless. They certainly do make their own water ice, and our neighbors confirm it is the best in the city! That day they tried their honeydew flavor, which was a big hit. We can't wait to make it back to John's on another scorcher and try their water ice for the full experience!
The water ice here is absolutely delicious. We had lemon and pineapple, and both did not disappoint. Make sure you know your order before you get to the register (cash only!) and dont keep the ladies waiting. They are working hard to dish out as many sweet treats as possible! I cant wait to come back here.
John's waterice is a staple in South Philly and I can see why. I came on a day when they had Mango as a flavor of the day. They have Cherry, Chocolate and Lemon every day but also have one or two flavors on special. They have icecream and soft pretzels also. The water ice was very good to me, not too sweet but very flavorful. That is just the way I like it. I prefer my WOODER ICE as Philadelphians call it,  to be refreshing, which it was. I dont go for an overpowering of Sweetness. This WOODERICE was just the thing for me. If I am ever in South Philly and need a cool down this is the spot for me. There are plenty of WOODERICE places in South Philly but this spot is one of the best.
Sure I like Rita's, but John's is sooooooo much better.  They have a small selection and their water ice is made on the premises (you can see the machines behind the people working the counter).

It's delicious and refreshing!  I've been known to eat it twice in one day!
I finally got my water ice fix this weekend. Well actually, I kind of went twice, ssshh. The chocolate-cherry gelati was seriously orgasmic. Why did it take me until August to finally make it down there??! I will definitely be back a few more times while they are still open for the season. And if you haven't been, GO! I corrupted not one, but two Rita's fans this weekend.
Yummy yummy in my tummy. The texture and taste of this water ice joint surpassed my expectations, big portions, nice area, and you can mix flavors. I wanted lemon and cherry in a medium for 2.50. Awesome. I enjoyed the lemon the most. Want to try pineapple and chocolate as well
Water ice is refreshing and reasonably priced. Staff encounter was rude and abrupt. W
On my first visit to the City of Brotherly Love, we happened to pass this corner shop.  I'm from the west coast, and never heard of water ice, but I'm all for the motto "When in Rome..."  

Didn't matter that I was still full from the massive cheese steak I inhaled just a couple of hours before.  The water ice was a perfect dessert - light, refreshing, and so simple, yet so satisfying.  I tried the lemon and chocolate (ok, not the best combination).  I would opt for the ice cream and lemon ice combination next time.
Cash only, but super cheap. The syrup the use for the water ice tastes all natural and isn't chalk full of artificial stuff like other places. There isn't really an area to sit down outside aside from a bench. Overall, a nice summer treat.
Best water ice in Philly! I have been coming here since I was a little girl, and I always find myself coming back. Their water ice is high quality, great tasting, and cheaper than chains like Rita's. They are not overly sweet or articial tasting like many others I have tried. This is true South Philly Italian water ice and you cannot find anything like it elsewhere. 

I have seen complaints of their lack of flavors, but they are delicious! They do offer weekly special flavors that are displayed inside on the left-hand white board. I really loved their mango and the cantaloupe specials. 

However, when I am feeling nostalgic, I always go for a half chocolate/half pineapple water ice!!! Simply a must try. 

P.S. They have really great ice cream and custard as well. But Im more of a traditional, no frills type when it comes to my favorite "wooder ice" place LOL
If you are new to Philly and you're wondering what this "water ice" is that you keep hearing about, go to John's and get some.  John's is the best water ice out there, by far.  It is delicious and cheap and located in an awesome neighborhood.
Went here on a super hot day and waited in the sun but it was totally worth it!

John's is like an old walk up store front in the middle of a residential area. It was cute to see the community that flocked to this place: couples, small groups of friends, and families picking up a treat before putting on the game later tonight!
This was my first time in Philly and I've heard a lot about water ice and for some reason assumed by the description that it was the same as italian ice, but no! It's way better! It's more creamy and smooth than italian ice or maybe it's just John's that does water ice so well! 

After a long walk around the city, I stopped for a small combo of pineapple and vanilla icecream which was only $4! We couldnt get enough so we got seconds. The mango mixed with pina colada ($2-- what a steal!). The mango ice had real mango chunks in it and the vanilla ice cream had vanilla bean speckled within. Whoever thought of mixing ice water with ice cream was obviously a prophet sent from some higher all knowing power because that was heavenly! I can't wait for my next trip to Philly so I can stop by again :* I miss u water ice
Giving John's 2 stars is generous because my gut tells me to go with one star.  Basically, the hard ice cream did not agree with my or my friend's stomach.  It gave us both explosive (albeit brief) diarrhea.  There, I said it.
      I also didn't understand the lack of soft serve ice cream option...how do you make a decent gelati without soft serve ice cream?
      That digustingness being shared, the portion of ice cream we got was HUGE!  It was also relatively inexpensive.  We were there at the end of the season so my friend wanted to give them the benefit of assuming that they were practicing inventory control rather than blame for the lack of extensive flavor options and sugar cones. 
     I will not be a repeat customer at John's.
Best ice cream and water ice in Philadelphia.

The water ice does NOT taste artificial and too sugary.

Ice cream - they have great flavors.  Favorite is the coffee chocolate chip!
FINALLY made it for the blueberry! So worth the wait. Awesome blueberry flavor with small bits of blueberry throughout. It's only avail weekends in July and ya gotta get there early. Returned at opening on Sunday (12pm) after striking out Saturday night. 
Thanks for staying up all night to whip this up! Heaven!
This is the real deal. What water ice should be. Just a few good regular flavors (cherry, lemon, chocolate, pineapple), some special ones (like mango...and no crappy flavors like Swedish Fish that they have at Rita's) and real ice cream for the ultimate gelati (basic flavors like vanilla, chocolate, butter pecan and specials like peanut butter swirl). I enjoyed a gelati with chocolate water ice and vanilla peanut butter swirl ice cream. It was very, very good. It was so good that I swore I heard the mummers strutting in the background until Rocky punched me in the gut (or was it the gelati?) and socked me back to reality. The reality of which is I will probably never eat a Rita's again.
We've been living in Philly for many years now and never have been to John's water ice, my oh my we've been missing out on greatness! 

I got ice cream and water ice mix, cookies and cream with chocolate water ice it hit the spot! 

I tasted a few other flavors and they were all great as well. In addition two great taste the serving sizes or solid as well. This place is now going to be in my normal rotation!
Best stuff ever!!! My Soror from Philly always use to tell us how good water ice was when we were still in undergrad. I'm thinking "yeah right... better than Rita's?" I came up for her baby shower this weekend and decided to finally try some. This place was luckily a 8 min walk from our Airbnb. Soooooo good!!! It's 10x better than Rita's. The lemon ice is delicious. It's the right amount of sweet and tart. It's a must that you come here when you visit Philly!
HANDS DOWN, my FAVORITE water ice place in philly (and basically the world, but philly is known for water ice so especially philly). I literally wait all year for them to open in the spring/summer time. This place should be on everyone's must hit list for philly :')

My go to order, aka what I get every single time I come here, is the gelati (mix of water ice and ice cream aka best of both worlds) with lemon water ice and raspberry chocolate chip ice cream. The water ice tastes fresh you can even see the lemon pieces and indeed it is made in house. The raspberry ice cream is so creamy and complements so well with the water ice, I have yet to find better raspberry chocolate chip ice cream. And the best of all is this comes to $4 for a small (although it is called a small, they fill it to the brim and is definitely satisfying!). My friend tried the gelati with mango water ice and coffee chocolate chip ice cream which was also so good (I'm gonna get the coffee chocolate chip ice cream next time hehe). If we had to name a flaw, I guess it would be that they only take cash (barely a flaw..) so remember to bring some cash!

But yes, if you haven't hit this place up, you are missing out D:
Absolutely delicious!! John's Water Ice sparked a lot of childlike joy. It's such a cute gem in the neighborhood, everyone is so friendly, and the prices are perfect (cash only tho!) You can get water ice, ice cream, or a combination of the two, and there are various sizes. 

Walking down the streets with a cold pineapple and vanilla ice cream combo felt like I was living my best summer life! The combo is layered, with water ice at the bottom and a generous scoop on top and ice cream layered between. (Optimal ratio and scooping experience) The water ice is so fruity and natural (not too sweet) and perfectly complements the creamy ice cream. My favorite part is that a neighbor saw what I was holding and instantly knew it was pineapple water ice - shows how beloved this joint is in the area :) (and how dope the people are!)

I loved it so much and hope to be back soon!
It took me a couple hot months, but I finally made it to John's, a Philly institution.

It was a hot summer's day. I had enough cash (simple considering you could find enough cash in your couch (note to self: get couch) to buy a water ice) for our water ice/ice cream outing. We stood in a short line, gave our order to surly teenagers who served us simply and promptly, and then we were easily on our way for our evening walk around the neighborhood.

My husband liked the ice cream as a simple, chocolate deliciousness, and I enjoyed the randomness that is Pineapple as a regular flavor on the menu. I haven't yet tried their daily flavors, and I have heard that it's better to pass on the lemon water ice. All in all, I think this place will remind me of summer and a refuge from hot days.
hidden in the surburbs....kinda middle of nowhere..a little sketch if youre heading here for hte first time and late in the night...from the bus 

this was listed on one of the food/travel channel...so figured..why not?

i got the cherry ice and it was good...simple and reminisce of my childhood days going to the carnival.  

I got a decent amount for the price i paid

its cherry syrup and ice..im not sure what else to say about it lol
I love Rita's but choosing from a Baskin Robbins-sized menu of water ice flavors--not to mention gelati, Blendinis and other concoctions that you could probably make yourself if you did some aggressive stirring--is just damn confusing. John's offers four flavors that never change and has the most ridiculously good cookies-and-cream ice cream that I've ever tasted. Not  the powdered-down kind like you know who (ahem, Rita's) but chunks of Oreo-like cookie goodness. Stop by on a hot summer night, when people are balancing on sidewalks and fences to eat, and it reminds you of what's good about living in this 'hood.
I've tried all their usual flavors (Cherry, Chocolate, and Lemon) except Pineapple which, by the way, I will definitely be back because it's a nice and refreshing inexpensive treat to cool me off on a hot summer day. :) By far, I think Cherry is my favorite (as it's always been my favorite flavor) even though it does stain my lips after the first bite.
Figures I only retapped into this neighborhood gem over a weekend that heralded the first blast of fall. For the most part, water ice is water ice, but John's has two things going for it - the homegrown, South Philly attitude (epitomized by the new Godfatheresque t-shirts worn by their nubile crew demanding you "Get Iced") and the Hershey's ice cream, scooped - make that heaped - into a waffle cone for an unheard of $2. Suck it, Dairy Queen.
Great philly water ice, reminds me of the hot summer days growing up in Philly many years ago, delicious and refreshing
Classic philly water ice, the place has been around since 1945. It's definitely a philly staple. The only reason I'm giving it 3 stars is because the quality of water ice isn't great. It's a bit watery / icey and not as thick as some other water ice places. Maybe that's just preference. It is cheap though. Cheaper than Rita's. A small water ice is 1.25 and a medium is 2.25. They only have 4 flavors of water ice that never change... lemon, cherry, pineapple and chocolate. So that's a bit disappointing.
I wish this place was open all year long!  The water ice is very flavorful - i've had cherry, lemon, and once, cantelope(sp) which was delicious. I haven't had the ice cream, but based on the reviews here, I want to try it. I think John's beats Rita's any day - in taste and price.
South Philly water ice is pretty good. Try the rainbow or pineapple if you haven't and want something new to try. Cherry and lemon flavors are usually are the way to go if you aren't sure.
I sometimes feel that this place is a hidden gem, because not many people know it outside of residents in South Philly. I for one think this place is the BEST place to get water ice, and one of the best to get ice cream in Philadelphia. Philly is known for their water ice, so if you're visiting... make sure to stop by! You will not be disappointed. 

Water Ice: Incredible flavor and incredible texture. All of the water ice really captures the natural taste of the fruit and doesn't have that syrupy taste that you find at other places. The texture is also very smooth... not to hard and icy and certainly not watery! I love all the flavors but my favorite is their blue berry water ice (only on Specials though). Has blue berry chunks and has a nice sweet blue berry taste and not too sweet or sugary.

Ice Cream: I am biased towards ice cream, but I think it may be better than their water ice! I like that their ice cream has good flavor and doesnt taste too milky. Texturally, it's a bit thicker which I like personally. My top two favorites are their cookies and cream and blueberry cheesecake. Cookies and cream has a good ratio between the creamy flavored ice cream and oreos that they put in it. The blue berry cheese cake (specials only) is amazing. Literally tastes like a cheese cake in ice cream form. They dont put any cheesecake chunks in it, but they're able to transform the ice cream itself to have that flavor. And when you combine this ice cream with the blue berry water ice and make a gelati......you will thank me later :)

Costs: Reasonable and cheaper... especially compared to franchises like Ritas

Customer service: They are very fast and attentative

I completely recommend going to John's. I think on one weekend this past summer, my girlfriend and I literally went there on all 3 days. For some one whos a picky eater like me... that's telling you something!
Johns water ice is the best!!! I want for this to be open every what.
I absolutely love the chocolate and pineapple ice. Their ice is so smooth and perfect!
The ice cream is also great. I like doing a chocolate ice with strawberry ice cream mix. Or pineapple and vanilla ice cream mix.
Superb place! Friendly service.
As a new Philadelphian, this was my very first "woder-ice" experience. With its already stellar reputation on Yelp, John's was my choice to take my water ice virginity.  As a newbie, my only basis of comparison is the snow cones you get at half-rate tourist attractions and the 7-11 Slurpee. So I thought, what better way to describe my John's Water Ice (JWI) experience, than to directly compare it to these two well known icy drink counterparts. 

1. JOHN'S WATER ICE VS. THE SNOW CONE

In contrast to the Snow Cone, which simply takes bottles of colored syrup and dumps them over unflavored ice, JWI blends its ice and flavoring together in a giant Slurpee like mixing machine. The result is a much smoother and much creamier consistency, with the flavoring evenly distributed throughout. Unlike a snow cone where you simply suck the flavoring out of the ice, and then that's it, here you get even flavored icy taste from the top to bottom.

__

2. JOHN'S WATER ICE VS. THE SLURPEE

Having grown up on the Slurpee, I am used to its more intense, more sugary flavor. JWI by contrast is much more subtle and subdued. Despite my generation's (Y) sweet upbringing and increasing desire for more and more sugar, John's has chosen to stay true to its long standing original recipe (so I think), when a little less was a little more. I respect this 100%; only my brain is trained expect something just a little sweeter.  

Compared to a Slurpee (and the snow cone too) JWI boasts much smaller ice crystals, giving it a smooth, almost sorbet like consistency; best eaten with a spoon instead of a straw. 

__

While overall the flavor could have been slightly more sugar spiked for my liking, overall I found JWI to be a perfectly refreshing, cool summer snack. 

JWI is a South Philadelphia institution through and through, and for just $1.50 for a small serve, I look forward to sampling more from their wide variety of icy flavors. 

-SZ
John's Freakin' Water Ice! Today you had the most delicious canteloupe water ice, in addition to your usual 4 flavors in rotation. You only cost me $1.50 for a small, except your close proximity to my house means I'll probably give you around $50 this summer.

Sometimes you elude me with your hours. They're not posted on your website or anywhere at your storefront. I think I've caught on a bit: you don't open on Sundays, holidays, or in inclement weather of any form. You open in the late morning and close whenever the f' you feel like it. Very South Philly of you.

Anyway, thanks for helping me up my daily fruit portion. It counts, right?
Gelati craving satisfied! Cherry/Vanilla cup of gelati for $3.50 beats any pricey restaurant dessert on a warm day.  The cherry water ice was better than Rita's.  The vanilla ice cream had a perfect consistency.  I had a taste of the mango water ice and tastes just as good.  Definitely the water ice spot to come to when in the city.
I still have not found ice that is as silky smooth as John's....the lemon and pineapple are fantastic and balance perfectly with the chocolate...the cherry just turns my whole mouth red.

I wish you guys had more flavors like real peach, real NJ blueberry and strawberry, and maybe a cantaloupe or melon all just local summer flavors.

Nevertheless...I love the girls who serve me with their nails all long and perfectly painted and detailed....never stop...you guys are a real icon in Philly...just like Pat's Steaks.

You are simply the best !!!!!
OMG OMG I wish we had a John's Water Ice here in California!!! :(
I love this place!
So let me explain to my fellow Californians what water ice is.
I guess it's sort of like Italian ice & icee? 
Not too icey, very smooth texture & flavorful. It's not like shaved ice with syrup on top, nope.
It's water ice! And at John's Water Ice, it's all HOMEMADE! Water ice & ice cream is ALL HOMEMADE...droooooooooooool

It seemed a little pricey but it's worth $3 for the gelati!
Gelati is water ice with ice cream!
I got chocolate water ice, vanilla ice cream, and pineapple water ice= orgasmic treat! It's not too sweet at all, simply thebomb.com I loved it! 

So if you're visiting, do pay a visit or stop by often to John's Water Ice :) it's truly a gem...like I said, I realllllly wish we had one back at home!
Yo hey I just drove by this strange place that said water ice 90 minutes later must have been on the same street cause I drove by it again oh no I'm stoppin.

Chuck Norris would!

I parked right up front got out of my car, buddy give me a Pineapple and im gonna take a picture of this bad boy so just step aside.

So good I could have ordered three but they would have melted all over my rental car this is what you need after big 'ol italian sandwhich.
This place is dangerous. You can get a HUGE ice cream in a waffle cone for only $2.25. I've been known to skip dinner and head right to dessert that John's. In fact if you don't want to have water ice or ice cream as your meal replacement, I would suggest you go with the kiddie cone. No really, it is still a pretty big serving.

Remember to look inside at their specials board before selecting your flavor. They usually have additonal flavors like peanut butter or birthday cake.

Yes it is werid that these guys service my oil burner and sever me frozen dessert treats, but hey I've seen even more bizzare business models that that.
Can't beat the price for the dixie cup filled with happiness.

The classics: Cherry, Chocolate and Pineapple flavors (all winners)

If I'm in the mood for their gelati; I get the Chocolate water ice with Rasberry ice cream.  They have off menu items such as rasberry choco chip ice cream; vanilla birthday cake; and vanilla peanut butter.  All winners.

Summer is right around the corner and I'll be sitting on my stoop enjoying one of these bad boys.
Whenever I visit my friend is S. Phila I go here. I always go for the Lemon. Then I leave my friends house and go back for seconds.
I was referred to John's by a friend who said the Rita's wasn't a true representation of good water ice and that I should go to John's. 

Yes, John's is a lot simpler with only 5 flavors (cherry, chocolate, peach, pineapple and one other). It DOES taste a lot healthier and like it has less sugar. But the peach ice that i had was nothing out of the ordinary. Not much flavor at all. I'll stick with Rita's.
Sadly, John's is only open for a few short months -- April through September.

This is THE place to get water ice in Philly. They have four flavors-- cherry, chocolate, pineapples, & lemon and make special flavors for the weekends using locally sourced fruit. Their water ice is worth going out of your way for, as I have done so many times. Don't ever settle for Rita's. Get in your car or walk twenty blocks if you have to...if you want water ice, get it at John's! 

Their ice cream is also unbelievably good. My favorite is the Vanilla Peanut Butter --Vanilla swirled with slightly salted roasted peanut butter. It's SOOO good. And at $2.50 a cone, it's an incredible deal!
Ive been on the hunt for GOOD Italian ice this summer and this place is it!! Ive tried Rita's and a bunch of places in the DMV Area as well as philly and in California and this one is SOLID. I'm so glad I found this on the Yelp ad!!! 

The ice itself is not too sweet but has a strong taste of the fruit or whatever flavor you choose (for me, Rita's is too sweet). The consistency and texture of it is great too: not too soft or chunky. But what makes this a five star joint? The price!! This is the cheapest Italian ice place I've tried and they give you so much and you can have multiple flavors in your cup!!! It's a little out of the way from all the touristy places but definitely worth a try if you're in philly for a day!! It's a 10-15 minute walk from Pats's and Geno's
Local business- check
Quality product- check
Little to no artificial colors-check
Perfect refreshing treat for a woman who has spent the entire summer pregnant- check.

I stopped on a whim at Johns Water IceA and I wish that I had done so earlier in the summer.
You see, I had never been there before util today. Rita's is ok- just a little too heavy on the sugar and food coloring. 

Lemon was perfect. Like a frozen homemade lemonade!! Loved it! I will be back to try the other flavors before the season is over.
Water Ice: 4.5 Out of 5
This place is a haven in the sweltering August humidity. Water ice is light, refreshing, & doesn't have the artificial flavoring of Rita's. I had the small lemon water which didn't disappoint! 

Service: 5 Out of 5
The ladies that served us were fast and professional. Thank goodness because my California body was crying out of help on the inside!

Environment: 4.5 Out of 5
Fast casual place. Unfortunately there aren't any outdoor seats, but who really wants to sit outside in the humidity. 


Overall: 4.75 Out of 5
One of the must go places while in Philly! A lot of the people I know from Philly rave about Italian water ice and this place lives up to the reputation.
Fresh, simple and original. Perfect on a hot summer day in Philly! My favorite flavor is pineapple.
Crisp and refreshing,
John's has good tasty flavours. 
Plus, you can mix them!
Hands down the best spot in all of Philly! I'm actually partial toward their ice cream more than the water ice but always opt for the gelati where you can do two flavors of water ice with ice cream in between. The water ice is so fresh and not too sweet since they make it with real fruit. The ice cream is my favorite (the raspberry chocolate chip is to die for) in all of the city! Nothing beats a cup of water ice and ice cream in the summer! A must get if you are in the area and so affordable compared to other dessert spots! I wish I had pictures to share but I'm always too focused on eating and enjoying it :)
THE BEST WATER ICE IN PHILLY. I've been coming to Philadelphia for 3 years, and just discovered this ice dream palace tonight. It's actually a corner garage. Until now I've been gulping that striped chain store crap. Well tonight was my water ice epiphany. I had the special flavor, cantaloupe. First, the ice is smooth, it stays icy, doesn't get watery at all in the cup, during the spoon to mouth ritual. Next, the ice is not syrupy sweet. They never let the sugar overwhelm the fruit. Perfectly balanced. These guys are geniuses! Five stars is not enough!
Talk about bang for your buck! I had two huge scoops of birthday cake and chocolate chip coffee ice cream all for only $2.50! The birthday cake tasted like my childhood in a cone. Haven't had the water ice, but will definitely be back to try it!
If you are from South Philly or respect real Italian water ice, you are not suppose to eat at Rita's.

Because of this I gave John's a chance one lovely summer evening. I was disappointed because there were only three flavors. I guess when you are suppose to be classic you can't get too crazy, but maybe it's just me - when I want water ice and have a choice between lemon or chocolate chip, I'll pick the later. But then again I am Generation Next and I've never walked 5 miles in the snow to get to a black and white TV. 

I think John's is classic water ice Coney Island style. For modern day ice, I like Rita's (please don't hurt me).
John's Water Ice is similar to Italian Ice. Although I think the shaved Italian ice a little smoother? My tour guide, Sean F. recommended John's Water Ice which was near his old neighborhood where he grew up. We both had the lemon water ice. It tasted similar to frozen lemonade! During a hot summer day, it was exactly what I needed and totally inexpensive.
Definitely the best water ice I've ever had! Way better than Rita's! The lemon and the cherry were both out of this world good, flavorful, refreshing, perfect just slushy enough consistency, and not too sweet. Just what I needed on a 100 degree Philly day. So glad I discovered this place!
I don't like Italian ice and I would never go out of my way to order Italian ice unless it's John's. They also have some of the best homemade ice cream I've ever had.

There are probably 6 flavors on the menu and that's fine because everything is perfect. 

The staff is really fast/efficient. There is a sense of urgency when ordering at John's, but that's how I know I'm in south philly.
At least the artificial lemon flavor they use is half decent.
Solid water ice and hard ice cream spot in South Philly.  It is located just a few blocks from the Italian Market, which is awesome. The lines always move fast and the staff is super nice. The cherry and chocolate eater ice are my favorites. I never got the ice cream here but I hear it pretty good. The prices aren't bad either. I cant remember a summer in Philly where I didn't visit this spot several times. There is no indoor seating so we prepared to grad and go.
Had lemon and pineapple water ice.  Great texture but the flavor was very chemical tasting.  Bitter and overly sweet at the same time.  I'll stick with Pop's.
You know you're near Johns by the trail of plastic spoons on the sidewalk. As we live 1 block away and summer is officially here we have had to limit ourselves to 3x week. There nothing better than sitting on the stoop at 10pm with a cup of Johns on a warm summer night. In fact that pretty much sums up my summers in Philly.

Gelati is amazing and comes in 3 layers: wate ice, ice cream, water ice. Best after a few minutes once melted slightly together.

I recommend the following flavor combos:

Butter pecan/pineapple
Strawberry/lemon
Cookies n cream/chocolate 
Vanilla/cantalope (seasonal flavor)

See you on the corner!
I regard  myself an amateur Water Ice connoisseur so when I visited a friend of mine who lives across the street from Johns Water Ice, I just had to treat myself with a taste. A pal and myself walked over on a sunny June afternoon and were pleasantly greeted by two college age young women who may have been related since they shared similar features IMO. The place is super casual as you walk thru opened doors and arrive immediately at the coolers.  
I got a cherry and lemon mix ( lemon is my all time fave)  cause I wanted to give both flaves a whirl. I enjoyed the technique the girl used while scooping my ice, I had never seen it performed like that  before. 
The ice had great texture and was t too sweet which I loved! It was refreshing and didn't leave me with a sugary hangover. I was grateful for that.  I got a small which was the perfect size for what I needed. 
I went back the next day and can't wait to visit again!
One of my favorite things about summer in  South Philly! Everything is great, but I especially love their homemade special flavors like banana and cantaloupe - they actually taste like the real fruits, not syrupy!
Great prices, yummy water ice. I had the chocolate - so delicious! The staff wasn't the friendliest but it was a busy Friday night. The medium looked small but it was actually more than enough.
Dont tell me i never gave you anything!! 

Cherry Waterice  and Birthday cake icecream  gelato. 

You will be dancing in your shorts and high fiving random strangers.
I went here for the second time yesterday and I have to say it was great. I got a lemon and cherry water ice. I liked the lemon more so I went back to get another. When I went to pay the ladies told me not to worry about it. At Johns they take into account customer satisfication which is new for me in Philadelphia. So thanks John and keep up the good work.
I've always drove by this place and have never gotten the chance to stop by until the other day. 

I stopped by with my friends and ordered chocolate water ice and a pretzel rod which were 5 for 50 cents. My friends ordered the same thing. The water ice was good but lacked some flavored when compared to the other homemade water ice places around South Philly. The pretzel rods completed the chocolate water ice adding some salty to the sweetness. They were a bit stale but still did their job. 

I would come back.
This is my new favorite. I came here on my cousin's school trip and the staff was so nice. They put up with 22 loud and crazy 8 year olds really sweetly, and gave them free cups of water. Their chocolate water ice was delicious, and the perfect thing for a hot day. 
I love that they didn't have too many options, as I'm terrible with decisions. They keep it simple.
At first i was like WTH is water ice?!?!?! 
My cousin took me here back in summer of 2006.
This place is super small and the workers were RUDELY nice =) 
I remember that it was super cheap! a huge cup of water ice for only $2!
And it was good. It wasn't watered down at all. I miss itttttt!
Great Mango & Strawberry Water Ice! Fit for a foodie. For this to be my first authentic Philly Water Ice experience, I'm pleased. Not too sweet, and the actual tiny pieces of fruit was a nice touch. Will definitely be returning to John's.
I love this place.  It's so sad when I drive by and it's closed.  But soon enough spring will be here and I'll be ordering giant ice cream cones again.  We come whenever we're remotely close to it.  Water ice is good too but the ice cream is where the money is.
Best water ice I have ever had without a doubt. Have heard about it for a long time but never had a chance when in south philly to stop by until today . Highly recommend
Great neighborhood sweet spot. Lemon ice on a hot day - slightly sweet, nicely tart, with the texture of newly fallen snow. Nice people, great product.
