What a lovely place to come to decompress and get a little exercise!  There's a sweet little honeybee garden right near the parking lot, with labeled plants.  I had an upclose visit with a cicada there : ).

When you walk in, the shaded paths are lovely, and tall trees and brush line either side.  Some trees are labeled and there are signs that tell you what wildlife you could possibly see.  

Further down the path, there's a creek (? I think!) where you can launch a canoe, and a few people were fishing.  Walk in further, and the water opens up into a marshy-looking area that is teeming with birds!  A serene-looking bridge goes across, and there are benches to sit on and just gaze out, as well as signs that identify the different birds that could be out there.

The day that I was there, I saw several binocular-armed birdwatchers, tons of egrets and herons and ducks and different flying birds.  A walk down the path around the water led me to a 2-story viewing platform that gets you closer to where the waterfowl are.  There were others walking or biking on the path, but on this weekday afternoon it was very quiet.

The visitor's center had educational exhibits of the water life that you may see - like turtles and catfish and the microbes in the water. 

I loved coming here and just wandering around, watching the birds, and soaking in some sun!  It's super close to PHL, so a brief detour here would be very easy to do, even if you have a flight to make in a small window of time.
Have come here dozens and dozens of times since it opened..Trails are well marked. Great place to commune with nature. I am frankly sometimes at a loss of words for just how incredible this place is so close to the city and yet worlds away. 
Today's walk with fellow Yelper Regina M and a few of her friends was awesome because I got to see the refuge through other people's eyes. 
It's definitely always been five stars. For further info check out Regina M's eloquent, spot on review.
John Heinz National Wildlife Refuge At Tinicum is amazingly beautiful. I went here with a friend and took one of the Beginners Bird Watching tours. I thought it was going to be just a short seminar but we walked around for 3 hours while we identified birds. 

The staff is very nice and everyone who comes here is very friendly. I was shocked this place existed so close to home. It is about a mile away from the airport so you do get the occasional plane noise but it is not bothersome. 

This place has some really great things to offer weather you are just looking for a hike or bird watching. We saw everything from Robins to an immature Bald Eagle. You would also find Great Blue Heron and Egrets among the birds. 

Definitely check this place out. Its free and has its own parking lot so you have no excuse. This place is awesome if you are into photography and still awesome if you are not.
A bit of an oasis near the airport.  Locals, you can get here by bike or by bus, even though it may seem far.  There is a short loop that includes a boardwalk over the marsh.  There are some free scopes that you can use to spot birds, as well as binoculars in the nature center that you can use to view the bird feeding area they've set up.  

While I was there (I had time to kill before returning my rental car and remember this place was nearby), I came within feet of four wild turkeys.  I walked up to a scope on the loop trail and saw a great egret in the middle of the marsh.  Saw toads and a variety of birds.  Just beautiful.  

According to the signs, the longer trail takes you to an observation tower.

It's nice to know that some of the land that is left after industry and air travel took over Tinicum will be preserved.  Bring the kids--there's also a nice nature center with programs for all ages.
Another fantastic find where it makes no sense that a place like this exists where it does.  The Heinz Wildlife Refuge began back in '72 as the Tinicum Wildlife Preserve.  It's America's First Urban Refuge and was founded with the idea of preserving, restoring, and developing the natural area known as Tinicum Marsh along with promoting environmental education.  The refuge serves to protect the largest remaining freshwater tidal marsh in Pennsylvania which means in essence that the area is more or less a swamp.

With that website quality boilerplate out of the way, what's the point of coming here?  Partially I don't know but it has something to do with the idea that the refuge is close to Center City and the location is really unique.  Nothing like a wildlife refuge right next to PHL Int'l, 95, refineries and an active CSX line.

We came in via the main entrance on Lindbergh Avenue and I have to say that I was impressed at how busy things were.  I mean it was a Sunday in winter but almost every parking space was taken.  

While there are over ten miles of trails we, like most people, stuck with the basic Impoundment Trail which makes for a nice easy loop.  In terms of wildlife we really didn't see much.  Two Bald Eagle nests, a few birds and a turtle or two.  While more would have been nice it was winter so I didn't expect much.

Overall the trails were well maintained and according to their website they offer a lot events, walks, talks and kids activities throughout the year.    

It's free.  It's a very unique location.  Well worth a visit if you are in the area or even if you just have some extra time to kill before heading to the airport.
John Heinz National Wildlife is a great oasis to check out if your a nature lover like myself.

John Heinz is located in South West Philly. Its a large refuge area that offers views of exotic wildlife such as birds, fish and different mammals.

I came to John Heinz for a hiking adventure and had a great time hiking the flat surface. The hike that I took was a little over 3 miles and it was a peaceful stroll all while exploring and learning about nature's habitat.

Overall this is a great place for weekend family fun. It offers a variety of nature hikes and their always having different events throughout the year.
Your experience at Heinz will greatly depend on what you're going for (hiking, birding, etc.) and what time you go.

If you're going to photograph birds (like I do), you should go at sunrise or sunset. Otherwise you will usually find the trails crowded with people on bikes or families with little kids who hoot and holler and don't care about scaring off your subjects. It's really frustrating to have a bird in your frame and then some little kid comes screaming down a trail. This is less likely to happen very early in the morning or very late in the day.

The parking lot fills up quickly on the weekend, which is another reason to get there early. Please don't be a jerk and park on the "habitats" that they're trying to restore. Just because you see grass or dirt near the pavement doesn't mean it's an appropriate place to park.

You should wear hiking shoes rather than running shoes - unless you plan to stick to the boardwalk loop. The trails (wetland loop, frog pond trail, etc.) are usually muddy, especially after a recent rain.

I also suggest that you follow the Instagram page, where they post about closures: https://www.instagram.com/johnheinznwr/

A note in times of COVID: the visitor center is closed, and you SHOULD BRING A DAMN MASK WITH YOU!! Just because you're outside doesn't mean that you're not passing people closely on a trail, or walking in the midst of crowds.
I love this Refuge! It is simply Beautiful and it's a hidden gem in Philadelphia. I've been three times and always find something new. There are main trails and small trails; if you are a bit directionally challenged like myself you should stick to the trails with the most footprints (haha). You are allowed to bike, fish and canoe in specified areas and there is a picnic area with bleachers. While walking you will see and hear many animals in the waters and trees that can be viewed while catching the breeze sitting on a bench or viewed from the many observation decks.

There is also a welcome center which contains Wildlife history, classroom area, gift shop and bathroom facilities. This is federal land so there are actual Park Ranger who work there and are very knowledgeable of the site. 

Take a break from the loudness of the city and enjoy the Refuge for a couple hours, you won't be disappointed:)
Wedged between a busy highway, bustling airport, an industrial area and blocks and blocks of rawhomes is an oasis of beauty, nature and peace.  This, my friends, is the John Heinz National Wildlife Refuge at Tinicum.  Easy to get to, yet nearly invisible to everyone, it waits for you to come and find peace.

When I was a little girl, this place was a tiny portion of the wetlands that covered this area. Before there were all those houses and shopping centers lining Island Road and Lindbergh Boulevard, there were miles and miles of land covered with grasses, flowers, marshes.  I used to love seeing all the Black Eyed Susans, Queen Anne's Lace, milkweed and tufted marsh grasses.  Then, of course, development came, filling in those marshes (my father calls the houses there "Wet Basement Acres"), paving over, replacing.  Except for one swath, saved from destruction, and our city is the better for it because we know now the vital role those marshes played in drainage and water quality.  You mess with Mother Nature, you get her horns.  

The refuge is a simple place.  There is a visitor's center with a small but informative exhibit, teaching us about the importance of wetlands and the species that live there.  This place is the only one with modern restrooms, so if you think you might have to relieve yourself, do it there.  Otherwise you are in Porta Potty land or, in very desperate times, behind a bush.  There is also a large picnic shelter for group use, and then the main attraction - miles and miles of wide, level, well maintained (even in winter) trails, threading their way through the refuge and all its' wonders.

There is a handicapped-accessible loop, complete with ramps and a wide wooden bridge breaching one of the larger inlets.  Joining this loop (which is closest to the Visitor Center) there are longer trails spreading out in all directions, such that it's very easy to walk 1 mile and return to the parking lot or go 7 miles and return to the same place.  Trails are well marked with symbols indicating which direction you heading, there are also informational plaques identifying various trees.  

There are observation points built out along and into some of the marshes, one double-decker, and one out surrounded by the inlet.  When you are quiet, and even when you are not, you will find many species of bird from Green Owls and the famous Eagles to blackbirds and herons and of course, all the different migratory waterfowl.  Don't worry if you don't know where the Eagles' nest is, there are big signs showing you when you are at a good observation point. Bring good binoculars or a birding scope because at your closest point, they are still barely visible without magnification.  

As you go deeper and deeper into the refuge, the sounds of the city recede, to where they are a low rumble in the background.  Yet there are people. Joggers, who always say hello.  People walking dogs on leashes.  Birders and serious photographers with their equipment, who will almost always happily show you what they have spotted if you ask.  If you go mid-day, there are families, kids climbing the fallen trees and seeing if they can spot a turtle or a frog.  

The Refuge is open from dawn to dusk, the visitor center has slightly shorter hours, opening at 8:30 and closing at 4.  My favorite times are in the early mornings, after sunrise, before the migrating population gets on their 'road', leaving for points north or south.  It's beautiful all year around, changing with the seasons.  As with many of the National Park system, there is no entrance fee.
We had some time to kill before heading to the airport, and we'd already stopped at John's Roast Pork for lunch.  We wanted to give the little guys some run around time, stretching their legs and such before the confinement of the airport and the plane.

Looking at Google Maps, you see lots of green space near the airport.  Having visited the free, beautiful, natural area that is the John Heinz National Wildlife Refuge at Tinicum, I now know that it used to be even more green space.  

We started at the visitor center, which has a display of the different types of local wildlife, history of the area, and explanations of the threats to the area and wildlife. They've also got classrooms and bathrooms.  After that we wandered down the path toward the huge lily pad area and boardwalk.  We were thoroughly entertained by the bird life, especially the spoonbills.  We walked along the gravel path where we encountered several others biking, walking, and even fishing.  We climbed up to the observation tower before heading back.  It was a great couple of hours!

I highly recommend.
Directly across from PHL International Airport lies a world all of its own. It's hard to believe a place such as this exists but it's easy to see how you could go past this area for years and never know of its natural wonder. 

After parking I scoped out the immediate area to get a bearing of my surroundings. In doing so, I noticed a Hawk perched above a resting place near the parking lot. I managed to get my phone out just in time to watch it poop just before flying away. Fascinating, I know! Well, more like irony. 

I proceed to the visitors center and immediately greeted by an attendant at the front desk. I regret not getting the man's name considering how much of a help he was. He was knowledgeable, gave tips, fun facts and much more. 

So what did I see on the hike? 
1. Hawks
2. A Bald Eagle (Really!)
3. Geese 
4. Cardinals

He mentioned most of the wildlife had flown elsewhere due to freezing temperatures but in the warmer months it's a booming habitat. Renting Binoculars was another tip. All you have to do is sign them out and return them once you're finished, and they are free. He mainly recommended it because of the Bald Eagle sighting. I was reluctant to sign them out because I highly doubted I would see one, but I did! If it wasn't for the Binoculars I wouldn't have seen as much of it, in as much detailed I was able to. 

This trail (loop around the lake) was about 3.3 miles. They also have a longer trail which is 10 miles. There are bathrooms within the visitors center(clean), and bathrooms along the trail(clean). Marked posts line the trail, informing you of the direction you're headed towards. They do allow dogs, as well as bikers on the trails. When I return, I'll concur the 10 mile trail. 

PS: They have a stuffed Passenger Pigeon. Definitely something to check out seeing as sadly they are extinct.
Pros: If you're into biking, jogging or dog walking with an energetic pooch, this is a great place to go. The visitor's center appears to be new and clean with porcelain restrooms (yay!). The boardwalk is really cool and a fun way to see the pond. I think kids would enjoy the visitor's center and the boardwalk. The path is relatively level and raised between two bodies of water. Not much in the way of litter. Park users were very nice. 

Cons: There wasn't much to see when we were there. A few turtles and egrets. Basically a swamp. Once you get past the boardwalk, the trail gets pretty monotonous. Signage is not very good in terms of which trail goes where and trail distance.  

I'm glad to see that there are still city folks enjoying nature in their backyard and I hope Heinz continues their improvements.
I love the Wildlife Refuge. I've been running here for years and it's a very peaceful place. You never know what kind of animal you'll come across. Turtles, turkeys, Groundhogs, Deer, Geese and all kinds of birds. The refuge is well kept and has a variety of guided tours. I've never taken one because I go just to run and explore. In all the years I've been running there, I seem to find something new every once in a while. Love this place!
This is my sanctuary. I come here 4-5x per week and it's almost therapeutic. I take my Labrador and we hike 4-5 miles almost every day. I haven't been to this place without seeing deer, rabbits, various birds (including bold Eagles!). I come here on my mountain bike as well and just escape all of my daily stressors. 

I want to buy a canoe and start doing some sort of volunteer clean up in the river. It's extremely polluted with plastic waist and I feel like I can have fun canoeing, while giving back to nature.
I've been wanting to go hiking in a tranquil place that's not overly crowded for a while now. I usually go to Kelly drive. This nature trail was way better. There were so many beautiful birds and trees and sights period. My boyfriend and dog joined me on our 5 mile hike around the refuge. We had a ball. We even got up and close with a snapping turtle. I enjoyed my day.
This is a really beautiful and relatively easily accessible wildlife refuge; part of it is in the city limits of Philadelphia.  Philadelphia has lots of great forest habitat, especially northwest of the city in Fairmount park and in the Wissahickon valley area.  However, there is less in the way of wetland habitat...and if you want to see wetlands, this is the place for it.

There are great trails, including a main loop, and some smaller side trails in the forested area (some of these can get a bit damp / muddy).

This area is outstanding for birdwatching, and there are many birds for which this site is probable the best / easiest place to see them in the whole state of PA.  I always see lots of interesting stuff whenever I go birdwatching here.  There is a bald eagle nest in the preserve, and there are lots of other types of wildlife too.  In the winter, it's a great place to see waterfowl.

The only downside of this place is that it's a little tricky to access by transit, so it's not very accessible to Philly's residents who do not own cars.  It's a little over a mile from a stop on SEPTA's airport line...which is do-able but inconvenient.  There are a couple bus routes and a trolley route that get a bit closer, but these routes are still a bit awkward.

This place has a great, modern visitor's center, staffed, and with lots of space and bathrooms with running water.  Luxury living for a wildlife refuge!
Have come here dozens and dozens of times since it opened..Trails are well marked. Great place to commune with nature. I am frankly sometimes at a loss of words for just how incredible this place is so close to the city and yet worlds away. 
Today's walk with fellow Yelper Regina M and a few of her friends was awesome because I got to see the refuge through other people's eyes. 
It's definitely always been five stars. For further info check out Regina M's eloquent, spot on review.
The Heinz should be considered a Philadelphia treasure. That such an environment (the largest freshwater tidal marsh in Pennsylvania) is preserved in a bustling urban environment is truly commendable. And don't worry you'll be reminded that it is in an urban environment due to its proximity to I-95 and International Airport. 

But let's get to the chase. While their might be larger, closer, and more developed parks to Philadelphia, i wonder if many of them have the natural visible wildlife diversity as the Heinz. On my visit, i caught a glimpse of a muskrat, several herrings, egrets, and rabbits, as well as heard a number of other birds i wasn't able to identify visually. The Heinz also has an extensive trail network (with the main loop around the pond/lake/lagoon being just over 3mi long) very well-marked. The trails are for the most part wide and improved enough for cycling, hiking, and jogging (activities which were going on during my visit). They also are relativity flat, making it easy for the beginner in these activities. Other activities are as well, such as fishing and kayaking. It's also nice to see that areas in which certain activities can and cannot take place are well-marked. The Heinz features a visitor/interpretative center on the grounds as well as plenty of parking. The Lindbergh entrance is not the only access point to the refuge, but it is the one with the most parking, information (where the visitor center is located), and access to activities. 

That's not to say their aren't drawbacks. Your easily reminded that you're in an urban environment. While i can't speak for the refuge as a whole, but at least around the impoundment trail your can constantly hear the roar of engines from the airport (which is only a couple of miles away). The southern portions of the park also abut to I-95 and an active rail line. Both of which can produce plenty of noise, but are somewhat dampened by the vegetation. Don't be surprised to find some unsavory characters in the park or in the parking lot (where i noticed a couple soliciting for something). You are in an urban area. But the one big problem i had was getting to the Heinz. The signage directing you to it is almost non-existent. My recommendation, if you're not familiar with the area, bring a map or directions, otherwise you could easily just drive by it. 

regardless though, if your want a nice day to explore a natural habitat that you don't find in SE Pennsylvania, i recommend the Heinz.
What a great park to walk and observe birds and other wildlife. I came on a brisk but seasonal November morning, arrived around 830 AM on a Saturday. Went to the visitor center and was pleasantly surprised at the number of cars already in the lot!!

We walked Wetland trail loop, which based on my phone was just shy of 4 miles. Birds were on display. Blue Herons, a bald eagle, and varieties of ducks and other water fowl. 

Very safe, all people we saw were wearing masks. Our dog loved it. All dogs we saw were leashed and well behaved.
Found this place when looking for somewhere to kill time near the airport.

Cool place with lots of parking.  There are a number of trails and some cool views.  Good place for a casual stroll -- and no fee for admission or parking.
The wildlife refuge place, where I can walk and smell the fresh air, see the birds, turtles.
It's free to get in and limited parking space.
I recommend to visit early in the morning.
Bring your binocular, try to spot those eagles or cranes.
Bring your kids as well, teach them to leave their ipad for several hours, be with the nature
Back in the late 1970's we used to ride motorcycles here as kids before that was outlawed. Recently, over 30 years later and needing to get in better shape, I started riding a mountain bike. What a refreshing re-discovery this wildlife refuge was.

There is a network of several trails. The terrain is flat mostly gravel and dirt paths. Due to much thick tree shade you will spend less than half your time in direct sunlight.

You can access from 84th street in Philly or as I do from Rt. 420 in Tinicum / Prospect Park. It's about 5 miles from one entrance to the other so If you are walking and want to keep it short you will probably want to enter at the 84th street entrance where the loop and observation tower are nearby.

There are sections near the Tinicum end where you can still hear the traffic from I-95 but that is minimal. Otherwise you have the feeling of being much deeper in the woods.

The wildlife is abundant... lots of birds and even the occasional deer.

The fact that this is within pedaling distance of my home makes this a biased 5 star for me but otherwise for Delaware county / Philadelphia it's a solid 4.
After eight years in Philadelphia I've finally visited the Wildlife Refuge at Tinicum! 

I went on a Sunday around 3:30 PM with my SO. We stopped at the visitors center first where normally you can borrow binoculars (for bird watching!) but we came too close to closing so that'll have to wait for next time. We did however pick up a map and some suggestions on routes to walk, and information about upcoming events (like bird watching!) We ended up taking a 3 - 3.5 mile route which took about 1 hour and 20 minutes with stops. It took us along the marsh lands, through the woods, and (this is how you know you're near the city) next to the highway. 

There weren't too many people out so it's a really peaceful walk, and though at brief moments you're near the highway, even then you'll forget how close you are to the city. 

Previously my SO and I have gone to wissahickon for quick weekend walks/hikes, but I think we'll be throwing Tinicum in the mix from now on.
AMAZING!! It's a great place to go again and again. There's so much to see, and when you think you've seen all of it, there's still more. For example, we went and walked the trails in the forest, walked across small bridges, so ducks and geese. We enjoyed the songs of bluejays, red robins, etc...

Next time we went, we saw herons, and turtles sunbathing on platforms, and hiked the trail around the lake. Third time, we hiked all the way to route 420 and back, about 8 miles. Next time, we might do so BYO kayaking. Like I said, plenty to do there. Oh! We also so a snake and hundreds of fishes as well :-D 

All this for the price of $0.00 (free)
Stopped here for a hike, you can access a trail right off of 95 by getting off the PA 420 exit going north.  Be careful as the Google Maps directions tried to get me to go to the middle of some shady industrial park.  Instead, just went to the trail entrance right off of 95.  Nice wetland trail, I enjoy wetlands and swamps so it was good for me, and also mostly shaded which was great in the heat.  

Stopped after at Richman's Ice Cream just up the road for water ice, in case you want to cancel out the benefits of your hike.  

Overall, a good place to stop and walk around, stretch your legs when driving on 95, since there is a trail entrance very close to the exit.
This is a surprise in the middle of a very residential area - very close to the airport.  

While it isn't the prettiest of places, and there's some trash in the water and on the property - it is absolutely worth a visit especially if you are a birder.  The boardwalk area is really nice - and there are some lovely places to sit and watch the birds.

We saw Red Tailed Hawks, Barn and Tree Swallows, Wood Ducks, a Least Bittern, Yellow Warblers, Cardinals, Chickadees, lots of other birds - and a Beaver :)

It was a nice walk - and a fun way to spend a couple of hours.
Beautiful place to take a walk.  There's plenty of free parking and they have guided bird walks that they offer.
I'm right around the corner from the refuge and I love this place. It's a comforting departure from city life and it opens up a new world of wildlife and nature. The staff and contributors to the refuge have really done a great job with making the refuge an amazing experience. This place has a lovely variety of birds, reptiles and amphibians and some mammals. I can't say enough how much I enjoy visiting here.
Love coming here to bird-watch and walk around on a nice spring or summer day with el kiddo.  Free - and fun and can e educational.  Good for biking, too.
My entire life I lived in Philly and never knew this place existed until about 5 years ago! I am a real outdoors lover and frequent many different parks and this by far will always be my favorite. I recently moved out of the area and this park is literally the only thing I miss. I spent so much time here. It was my first choice go to place to walk with family and friends and majority of time I would come alone for hours and sit and reflect on life with the beautiful surroundings. The park is very well kept and the visitors center is really nice with very clean restrooms. It never fails everytime I come here I see amazing wildlife. I have seen a 3 ft turtle on land, several bald eagles, wild turkey, fox, deer, and loads of beautiful water birds. This place makes you feel like you are out in the country. You would never know your in the city.
I'm an avid hiker and have done most everything in the surrounding area, but haven't seen the diversity of wildlife on any hike as I have here. The irony is that it's next to the airport. We saw a snake, a juvenile bald eagle, loads of turtles and fish and a multitude of other birds today. 3.5 miles of flat gravel is an easy under two hour, all skill levels walk. Highly recommend!
Close to South Philly but not a challenge as it was flat trail.  It was nice meeting up with about 20 people and walking.  Not much to see but the bridge close to the end of the trail was nice.
Nice area to walk. Make sure you stay on the paths if you're walking with your dog ...  found over 25 ticks on ours. Luckily we found them right away and they didn't attach to her skin yet. Apparently it's pretty known that there's a lot of ticks there but we didn't see anything about it on Yelp so decided to say something to warn people who want to bring dogs.
Only 15 mins from Center City, and a gorgeous place to hike, walk or jog. Lots of paths by the rivers, over bridges and through the woods. Today we saw six swans, a few baby ducks and beds of yellow butter cups pushing up. It's a 1000 acre wildlife refuge, near the airport. They also have summer camps, my son did one years back it was wonderful, and my daughter did a one day environmental program there through her school a few years ago. We even went to an art installation there many years ago. It was a chilly overcast day, it was the perfect day for a walk, and bonus they allow dogs!
Amazingly well kept running trails! Routes are clearly mapped out with accurate mileage at the start. Only one stretch is against the highway; the rest is among the trees and marsh! Lovely. Quiet. Bunny-filled.
I love Tinicum
Beautiful place to recharge
Biking near wildlife

Birding is good here
Osprey, swallows, orioles
Deer and turtles too!
Great place wall, think, breathe, and see cool birds. Love walking the trails!! Early morning or at sunset, beautiful views! The people you encounter are friendly and you could walk forever.
I love it here and the atmosphere is amazing. I live almost right across the street and i have for most of my life, and its great for early morning bike rides or runs. You never know what you might see here so dont forget to bring your phone/camera!
This is a really wonderful place, lots of wildlife and beautiful scenery. Highly recommended place to get away and wander. It's really huge with so much to see. It's quite accessible with sporadic restrooms along the trails (and they're kept fairly clean)
Somehow I lived in Delco pretty much my entire life but never managed to make it to this park.  So for my first time, I decided to go in the dead of winter when everything is bare...I make interesting decisions.

The first thing that struck me is that this park is kept so clean!  I was really expecting there to be garbage and beer cans everywhere, but that's not the case at all.  There were a couple of bridges we encountered on our four mile walk, which also looked well-maintained.  The trails were clearly noticable - big plus.  I brought my dog and she was a happy camper covered in mud.

I must say I was impressed!  I know I will definitely continue to go here when hiking in Ridley Creek State Park isn't an option and look forward to coming back in the Spring & Summer.
Great place to see lots of local flora and fauna., or just ride your bike.  It's one of Philadelphia's hidden treasures located near the airport.   Eagles' nest, owls, and plenty of marsh birds in addition to turtles, snakes and other things.  Nice welcome center.  Take advantage of the nature walks with local experts and of course it's free.
This is a great hidden refuge at the edge of Southwest Philly about 10 minutes from the airport and 10 minutes from my house. Score! This is great for a beginning hiker and offers a trail you can't get lost on. There is a lake in the middle of the refuge where it has signs about the birds you can see. Great place for a nice quiet walk or free family time to get you off the couch and into some fresh air.
Hands down, Heinz is the 
Best place to see wildlife in 
Philadelphia:

Migrating warblers
Hunting herons, bald eagles,
Woodpeckers and more...
This place is a gem! I have lived 10 miles outside of Philadelphia my entire life and I'm upset it took me 24 years to discover this place. It's right off I95 and right across from the airport so the location makes next to no sense but i was very impressed with the refuge! The trails were all clean and maintained and there was a multitude of wild life to see. I saw many different birds (I wish I knew more about them, I'm sure i would have enjoyed my visit even more if I did), turtles, amongst other wild life. It was peaceful  and people were enjoying walking, kayaking, and fishing. Oh! And they are pet friendly so be sure to bring your pup to share on this adventure. I'm sure I will bring my pup next time! I was a little upset that i was unable to see the visitors center as it was a holiday. I will definitely be back to update how that is on my next visit! Great place to visit, i highly recommend!
Being within Philadelphia, it's hard to sometimes believe that towers of steel skyscrapers don't actually dominate the entire planet's landscape. This urban wildlife refuge serves to remind us city folk of that - it's a beautiful nearby oasis of wildlife animals. My boyfriend and I came here on a late Friday afternoon and had the opportunity to have close up encounters with rabbits, turtles, deer, egrets, and lots of species of birds I can't identify. 

If you're looking to momentarily escape the city life for a few minutes or hours, this is a good hide-away to go to.
It is a beatiful place in an area loaded with urbanism. The amount of birds you can see is amazing.  The trails are also great and not crowded. The only downside is the i95 noise and the fact that is near sw philly.
A great place to take in nature. I'm jealous of those that are within walking distance. We live in DE and took a day trip. The refuge area seems to go on forever, they have over 10 miles in trails. We spotted herons, egrets, and more. The trails are flat and. There are bridges that cross the creek. People were fishing in various areas and they have a ramp where you can put in a canoe or kayak. Definitely a beautiful place to visit.
My home away from home. It's very peaceful here in the morning and there are lots to see. I would recommend the Lindbergh entrance rather than the Tinicum side, it's nicer and safer.
My favorite wildlife refuge. There is something to see every time you go in every season. I'm never disappointed. Beautiful visitors center. Helpful staff and volunteers. Hidden gem right alongside I-95.
Quiet and peaceful place in a surprising part of Philly/Darby.  Good for hiking and exploring.  Lots of events too.
I would not recommend the hiking trails unless you're looking to spend the rest of the night picking ticks off of you and your dog. So far I have picked 15 off of my dog and 2 off of me. We were only on the hiking trails for about 2 hours yesterday. I have taken her hiking several other places and she has only ever had 1 other tick in 2 years.
My favorite place in the city. My place to destress and relax. I love to just walk around and enjoy the nature. This is also an great place for fishing. Most common fishes are sunny, crappy, common carp, snakehead and catfish. Open from sunrise to sunset. Love this place. Can't wait till summer so I can truly enjoy the place.
Beautiful day to walk, bike, canoe, Fish and enjoy scenery,  birds and wildlife.  It's peaceful. Bring your dog and family. Located within minutes of Phila airport.  Dropped off our son for his flight and headed here.  The trails are well marked.  Last time I was here I dropped my wallet and  lost it along the 4 mile trail ail. I panicked.  And next thing I know the folks called me from nature center saying someone had returned it.
A nice local place to take walks....very peaceful ...and I love the boardwalk across the water
Very nice place to walk and bike, and see nice wildlife, but unfortunately I DO NOT RECOMMEND BRINGING YOUR DOGS TO THIS PARK. I went with my two dogs and I have found around 20 ticks on them. And we were there for probably just 1 hour. Once we saw the ticks crawling up their legs, we left right away and have been getting ticks off of them all afternoon.... Not a good place for the pups unfortunately...
What a perfect spot for walking, sightseeing or fishing. There are trails to walk on thru the park. They have signs in the park to let you know what kind of birds you can find. It tells you what plants are in there. Very nice spot to catch and release fish. One of the big fishing attractions there is the snakeheads that a lot of people want to catch. Just a perfect spot for a relaxing day. Also there are bathrooms that you can use that is always a plus!!
This place is really nice to come walk or bike. There's a lot of wildlife to be seen, and you can fish off certain docks. There are a few different offshoots from the main trail to change it up once in a while. The trails are dirt/gravel and paved closer to the entrance. The office also has a neat display with a bunch of stuffed wildlife you might see. There is plenty of parking, and dogs are allowed. Go get your fresh air on!
This place has a lot of trails. Good place to run, walk or even bike. Just keep an eye out; it is in a not so great area. Other than that I had no complaints. I'm training for a marathon, so I imagine I'll be frequenting this place more often!
An urban oasis, about a thousand times bigger than you'd ever expect. 

Come here to jog, walk or just relax. If you are contemplating the direction of your life and need some time to just consider your options, here is a good spot to choose. I also think this would be a good dispose of evidence. If yknow, you're looking for that sort of thing. 

But seriously, the Refuge at Tinicum is a little off the beaten path, hard to find, but it is a source of great tranquility. There is a pretty neat bridhe spanning the main pond section of the park, with lots of informative pictures and descriptions of the native wildlife.
Being so close to PHL you'd think you'd catch some of the noise pollution BUT you don't. I don't know if it is because you get caught up in the beauty of everything or what. Tr trails are alway clear and they have port-a-pottys strategically placed. Their educational center is quite interesting and the staff is always very knowledgeable and do a great job interacting with the children. I usually enter on the Philadelphia side but there is also an entrance on the Delaware County side. You could easily spend a half a day here. This is also great for mountain bike riding. Don't forget your binoculars as there is all kinds of wildlife the check out. There is even a family of bald eagles living here! A great way to spend the day with your family!
This place is amazing. 

My hubbys dad took him here as a child.  It was/is one of his favorite places.  

My son is here all the time.   He loves it. He learned to ride his bike here 

The place is quiet and peaceful.   Perfect walking and riding trail.  So many different birds including Eagles.  We saw rabbits and foxes on he trail.  There are so many cool turtles in so many sizes.  

We love coming here to relax and enjoy the Earth.
This was a dream come true! We went in the beginning of November. I told Joyce at the visitor center I was there to see Eagles. She prepared me so I didn't really have my hopes up. We borrowed binoculars from her. We took the 3.5 mile loop. The marsh was very lively. Lots of birds. We come up to the sign with eagles... We stopped... Waited... Looked... And waited more... All of a sudden we see something with the biggest wingspan I have ever seen! I saw the white head and quickly was able to spot the white tail. "Omg it's an eagle!!"  The rest of the walk was a blur. It's so amazing that a pair have chosen to nest so close to civilization... How all the wildlife have adapted to us when they existed first. This experience was amazing. Free, close to the city, good wildlife watching!
It's pretty hard to believe that this wildlife haven is right in philly close to the airport. I'm just sad I wasn't able to walk through more of it; I just walked a short loop with the hubby on a beautiful day. We saw turtles covered in moss and large areas of Lilly pad covered water. We would go again in a heartbeat, and I'm so glad that we went!
This place is so pretty and magical! It's always a special treat to come here!

You get woods, marsh, and miles of trail. You get plane spotting from the nearby Philadelphia Airport, and you get loads of wildlife!

My last visit a couple months ago, I actually saw a WEASEL!!! No joke, I am completely positive! I have never seen a weasel anywhere else in the wild, but darn if this guy did not run across the path right in front of me, my dog, and my toddler! I was amazed! I have seen multiple shooting and falling stars (it actually freaks me out how many I have seen) but this was my first weasel! Sorry, just can't get over it. I was stopping people down the path to tell them, lol.

Point is, you will encounter amazing nature here without even trying. The paths are always clean and clear, people are respectful with dogs (and keep them leashed), and the lookout platforms are all well maintained and perfectly positioned for great views.

If you are visiting Philly, you need to add this treasure to your itinerary! If you live here and have never been, GOOOOO!!!! NOW!!!!!

Open sunrise to sunset, year 'round.

Visitor Center open 9am-4pm, daily.
