I found this nice little park while walking down Rittenhouse Square. 
After grabbing some nibbles and things at De Bruno's I decided to plop myself at one of the chairs in this lovely park to eat. 
This  haven is tucked between two buildings and I thought it was part of someone's house.  I found it by accident and I'm so glad I did! 
There's a few tables and chairs there and it's pretty quiet and peaceful.
Definitely a great refuge for reading or just appreciating a beautiful day.
There's nothing better than when one comes upon an unexpected calm and green space in the middle of a city.  Especially when that city is unbearably hot, muggy, sticky and stinks to the high heavens.  This space provides a little piece of shade, a water fountain, outdoor sculptures, native plants and trees - and that is a much welcomed respite when one feels that they are melting away amongst the concrete and the exhaust fumes.

Chestnut Street Park is that little oasis that delivers.  It's the unassuming hidden green gem in the middle of the hustle and bustle that is Center City.   Flanked by Ciao Pizza to its left and Tokyo Lunch Box to its right,  its length runs from beautiful wrought iron gates on Chestnut  through to Ranstead Street.  It's also a nice airy, two-second walking shortcut if you're passing through.

p.s.  on the downside, Christopher R. thoughtfully reminded me that this park closes up at end of the afternoon of each day so try and get your fix in before that happens.
Wayne from DC is too school for cool for being FTR this oasis and sanctuary, just a few side steps from shopping and hubbub. Some architectural badass knows how to maximize space between buildings.

Welcome, weary soul. Won't you stop a while and center thyself?
The park is a sliver of land between buildings on Chestnut Street, named after a former landscape architect, urban planner and educator who developed other parks in the area. 

What caught my eye was its peaceful lushness in the middle of a concrete jungle.  Trees, plants and flowers adorn every inch of the garden setting, complete with a small water feature tucked into the corner.  Benches and tables are available for perching.  According to a tabletop ad, the Chaddsford Winery hosts a wine garden every Thursday & Friday afternoon from June through August.  

Because of passing rain, everything was wet so picnicking wasn't possible.  Had it been dry, it would've been a killer place to chill with some takeout food. 

OVERALL:
A diamond in the rough of a bustling city.
I've walked by on my way to and from work every day for the past few weeks and never stopped in. (The gate's closed in the morning, and I'm in a hurry to get home in the afternoon.) 

While walking back from Chinatown with the boyfriend, I pulled him into the small park because I was dying to check it out. I'm so glad we did! It's a cute, albeit small, oasis right on Chestnut Street. I wasn't expecting a fountain or benches and chairs, but there they were. This park has a lot of shade so I'm sure it will be a great spot to hang out during the intense summer days!
Sometimes you need to whisk yourself out of a busy city street and find yourself in a alleyway of sculptures and a fountain with plenty of seats; which feels familiar while being something completely different. And for that John F. Collins Park is my kind of Wonderland.

Either something was up with construction/preservation when I used to live in Rittenhouse, or I had failed to follow the white rabbit. Because for a spell I had remembered seeing this park gated off and had always wondered what had lurked from within. But when I saw it open during a recent visit to Buffalo Exchange I had found the perfect park escape from city life despite it being tucked away from a major street of Rittenhouse Square.

Once you enter through the sculptured gateway; you're instantly welcomed by an inviting fountain, plenty of tables and chairs to sit at and indulge upon food from one of the many takeout options that the Rittenhouse Square area has to offer, and a good dose of history about Collins' architectural endeavors. Not too shabby for a compact city alleyway; and for that much tucked into such a small space it could be as much or even more of a park destination than the square itself!
I love to come here on my lunch break when the weather is nice.  You may not even notice it when you walk by on Chestnut, but that's the best part - it almost seems like a secret little park that only you and a few people know about.  

If you want a table during the lunch hour during the week, I'd recommend coming just before noon to find a spot.  I've noticed the park is usually patrolled by an officer or security guard so there's limited riffraff, although like any public area just be aware of your surroundings.  

Feeling pretty lucky to work just a block away and plan to frequent the park well into the fall!
Such a cute little hidden gem in the heart of center city. It's a small park, think maybe a small fraction of the size of Rittenhouse park, hidden in between businesses. You can access it from Chestnut St, or thru the alleyway back behind the jewelry store on 17th.

Great place to grab lunch midday, with tables & chairs throughout. The small park is shaded by trees, and there's a nice decorative fountain, all which makes you forget you're in the city, and feel like you're in a garden oasis. Sometimes in summer, Rita's water ice sets up a pushcart at the Chestnut St. entrance. 

Def worth checking out!
Just one of the little parks I found while on my lunchtime walk wanderings - during PRE PANDEMIC TIMES.  Find yourself a shady spot and bring a lunch here, take your trash with you, but I've been known to OOPS I DID IT AGAIN drop a few crumbs here and there for the raucous wildlife species who inhabit the area.  

One of the reasons I love Philly is just finding little green parks like this oasis tucked away in alleyways and back streets.
This place is a total hidden gem. Nestled in between two buildings, it's definitely easy to pass. Best part is, I never see any kids or homeless people, so it's very quiet and relaxing. It's the perfect place to eat lunch, read a book, or have some one on one time with someone.
Very cozy little park in the middle of the city. The fact that it has opening hours keeps it clean and well maintained. Beautiful landscaping and fountain in it. Tables make it a great place to eat lunch (I strongly recommend getting delicious food from Di Bruno Bros about 30 ft away). I was very pleased to discover this place.
This little park is so beautiful. My first time there was over the summer for live music at lunch time. I loved how crowded it was and all of the activity going on, and the music was great. So this summer I ate my lunch there really often. More recently though, I've been in the park alone and that's amazing too. It feels so peaceful and like a secret, hidden place in the middle of a busy city. I wish I had a book with me, I probably would have stayed all day. I would love to see more of these types of parks in Philly. 

The park does have hours and the fence closes, so it's not open all the time.
Got an hour to kill on your lunch break?  

Screw Rittenhouse.  Screw Love Park.  Screw Liberty Place food court.

Weather permitting, this is my top pick to sit and enjoy my lunch.

HIdden in between two buildings on Chestnut, I always manage to find a seat despite the small size of it (there's plenty of benches and chairs, as well as the steps leading down into the fountain) and the shade from the trees makes it a little cooler in the hot summer months.

Sometimes there's live music from violinists and keyboardists if you're lucky.

Just an overall beautiful and peaceful place amidst the hustle and bustle of center city.
I moved to New York three months ago, and this is the first place I've wanted to write about on the East Coast. I was in Philly over fall break at school, and I stumbled across this park while walking up-down-up-down Chestnut and Walnut and around Rittenhouse. This place is amazing. So quiet and photogenic, with ivy crawling down the high walls and neatly arranged lawn chairs. There aren't too many children running around, but there is seriously no better place in Philly. Besides Rittenhouse Square.
This park is *not* called Chestnut Street Park, but is called John F. Collins Park. Redirect all reviews to the appropriate page here:

http://www.yelp.com/biz/john-f-collins-park-philadelphia
How many times have I passed a hand crafted iron gate between 17th and 18th St. on Chestnut? Hundreds. I thought it belonged to a building. Today I took my dog Louie there. It is indeed an oasis in the city. There is plenty of shade, benches, and a series of concrete monoliths that form a fountain and pool.   What a lovely spot. I understand that it was donated by the William Penn Society, yet I cannot find anything about it on the web.We do need better photos.
Given the foot traffic on Chestnut, it's shocking that I often find this park empty, even on beautiful days.

If you want to read a book in a gorgeous place, don't come here. If you want to while away the time or meet with a friend by the sound of gently falling water, don't come here. If you're looking for a place that makes you feel like you've stepped completely outside of downtown Philly while being still in its heart, don't come here. In fact, don't come here at all so I can continue to keep it to myself. I'd absolutely love to see more places like this...
Cute nook in the middle of the city nestled between buildings.  Would be great to escape here for a quiet moment in the middle of the day.  It totally feels like you're isolated from the rest of the city when you're here.
An urban oasis! A tiny little green space nestled in a concrete jungle. Plenty of running water to give a vibe of Tranquility even if only for a moment.

We visited the nearby bagel shop (which has absolutely no sitting space or tables), and were very pleased to find this place practically right next door. Many benches/chairs and tables make an ideal spot to sit down in the shade of  the nearby tall buildings enjoy your ice coffee and lackluster sandwich.

Is a small park with not much to do except sit and relax for a short spell, but that's all that's needed it was perfect!
In the same vein as Septuagesimo Uno in NYC, this little urban oasis nestled between two buildings in the middle of Philly is a place to gather a much needed respite. I found it by accident, and was drawn in my the gorgeous cubical fountain, small tables and chairs, small trees and ivy-covered walls, and free WiFi to boot! (Admittedly, I did not use the WiFi, and I was trying to connect with nature...errr, relatively speaking...instead.)

Cute cute cute!
