This place is an interesting little hidden used bookstore/curiosity shop which, while not exactly off the beaten path, is certainly by no means "known". Right next to AKA Music, this "bookstore" offers much more than the typical library fare. 

From old rugs, to interesting paintings from the 30's that look like some high school art project (and most likely, that is exactly what it is), you will always find something completely and utterly unique in the store.  Not pretty or valuable necessarily, but if you are looking for something no one on earth has, this may be a place to visit.  

Spend hours looking through the dusty stacks for old books and magazines.  Enjoy the diverse, if off putting, crowd of local artists and vagabonds.  Note: somewhat creepy old men may jump out and scare you, but don't worry... they're just regulars and probably more frightened of an actual human interaction than you are of them.

Also, when you're done, check out Barbara Blau's Collectibles in the back (A separate but connected store).
It is often said that one mans trash is another mans treasure. But Jules Goodman has taken it to a whole new level by devoting a huge four room storefront to an immaculate collection of books, art, statues, music, vintage clothing and then some. 

In a way this storefront is where all good collections of treasure that people stored in their attic or basement for decades goes to be re-purposed into another persons home. As soon as you walk in you can just smell the musty air of multiple basements in the room, but in a way that also kind of feels like home. Especially when you leaf through the pages of an old book, find an old poster with random family photos from the 80's on the back, and go through so many paintings that unknown artists produced. What you find may or may not be worth anything in the long run (There's a lot of it that is!). But what you find and feel the need to take home is always pristine and likely to have a unique story behind it. 

With it being an art themed bookstore at its core and in Old City, Jules Goodman is especially in rare form during First Friday. And they usually have a featured artist showcasing their work in the front during it.
This place is awesome. Everything is kind of falling on top of everything else but the treasures you'll find. Lots of art, so much art. None of the books are organized but the records are. Great place to spend some time digging around. You can haggle too which is preferred.
I lost my soul in this store. Maybe it fell into the dusty eyes of one of the prisoners trapped in forgotten paintings-- or maybe between the September and October pages of a 1966 calendar with images of boats and American flags. Keep an eye out please. 

Stressful experience in general but loved the presence of a humble ghost in the basement in the hidden stairwell, not the kind that creeps and sneaks but the kind that smokes pot and writes poems about the Living Days.
