Contrary to common belief, or at least what a few people I've heard say, Juniata is, an extremely nice course! Just felt the need to get that out there before we discuss anything else. Yes, the neighborhood isn't the greatest, yes its a a bit higher priced its local competitors, but it is truly a nice course. Whats even important is that the spots on the course that arent in the best condition are constantly being looked after and renovated, which means they take pride and place care in what they do.
Oh Philadelphia; must even your GOLF be a hot ghetto mess? I mean that in the nicest possible way however. Let me explain:

Played here Saturday with 3 friends of mine with a Groupon that made it $20 a piece for 18 holes and 2 carts. (I'm not sure what the REAL price is, but I'm not sure I'd pay much more to play here.) First, the good stuff: the staff were really nice and friendly, and the course is pretty obviously for beginning to mediocre players. The course is maintained decently, and it was nowhere near crowded so we had the luxury of playing at our own terrible pace. There are deer and foxes that just walk on the course so that was cool to see as well. The not-so-good: the place is a maze. NOTHING is clearly marked. There were times where we had NO idea where the next tee box was, and when we got there, we had NO idea where the greens were. EVERY SINGLE GREEN had a piece of PVC pipe in place of a flag, so none of the greens had numbers. The cart paths stop and start so youre not even sure where to drive the carts half the time. The 18th hole actually SHARES A GREEN with the 9th hole, so that was weird as well. BUT, like I said, my friends and I aren't exactly what you would call pros, so we were ok with everything. They sell beer and let you take it out on the course with you, so they automatically got a lot of leeway from our group. There are some good hazards; mostly little ravines and sand traps, but as you can imagine, they aren't meticulously kept. The sand traps had rakes, but the rakes had no "teeth" on them because they had all been broken off. 

I can maybe even give a little more leeway because its rather late in the golf season and this place might be much better in say, July. But for what we paid, and who we are, we were very happy.

PS, One of the reviews says they "don't take tee times." Not sure what has changed, but I had a 1:10 tee time for Saturday. They DON'T have a website though, so everything has to be done by phone.
I was a participant in a charity event held here on Saturday and could not say enough good things about them. They were super nice to our group and all the furry friends (dogs) we had attended (it was an animal rescue event).

We basically had free reign over the area (since it wasn't too crowded) which was pretty cool. We didn't stray too far from the main building, but it seems like a nice little course.

As Andrew already stated, there is a ton of backhoes and tractor equipment in the area, which was both a positive and negative since it made for some fun photos! The people we dealt with from the golf course itself were pretty nice as were the golfers (though who would be rude to a group of models?)
I am a so so golfer living in Florida. I took my brother here for his Birthday, his wish to play. My sister made our tee time, she lives in Philly. Now a little word about this course. I like it, the layout is excellent but my goodness, you hit the ball on the fairway dead on and I could not locate the ball! It was a great view to play this course, deer stopping for look and see. The golfers behind were great for not rushing us.  I rented my brother in laws clubs for the day and the fee were pretty high considering the clubs were unmatched. Looks like these were clubs that were lost and kept by the club? Sad course not recommended for so so golfer.
I came here on a groupon which came out to $18 per person. I really couldn't complain. If your paying full price, I might skip. The greens look like my backyard. They are a bit rough and need some major maintenance. The course is fun though. There are some challenging shots and nice down hill hits which keeps it interesting. Parking is secure so don't worry about that its near the ghetto.
Not even an exaggeration here... This is the single worst golf course I have ever played in my entire life. There is no fairway, the tee box is a square of dried mud, PVC pipes are substituted for flags, and just an absurd pro shop. There is a home gym in the middle of the pro shop and when I told them I had a 3pm tee time they said that they "kinda don't keep track and you can go whenever". The biggest issue are the fairways. You can stripe a ball down the middle and lose it just due to how long the "fairway" grass is. This could be an absolute hidden gem of a course if the grounds crew did any sort of work. Imagine if a bunch of south philly Italian guys were sitting around a table and Joey Meatballsub went out on a limb and bought a golf course in north philly with uncle Vinny's money. Then after about 4 months they got tired of actually trying to maintain it and just slugged Miller Lites in the pro shop while shoving anabolic steroids in their a$$ via needle. Do better.
A Diamond in the rough, hidden gem, or buried treasure are all accurate idioms I'd use to describe this incredible country club. Nestled between two prospering neighborhoods you'll find yourself both surrounded by the magnificent skylines of center city and a rural country side with burrowing creeks twisting throughout the course. 
Follow the olde cobblestone walk way and you'll be greeted with the local wildlife and passerby's out for lunch or just settling in to watch the action from clubhouse deck. 
Once inside, you'll notice the painstaking efforts taken to keep up with the modern golfer all while maintaining the old school feel of a 125 year old course. Upgrades include, one stop pro shop, state of the art members only gym, cafe/bar area offering all ranges of food/drink options. 
If that's not enough to keep you coming back you'll be happy to know the prices are always competitive and the play is always honest. You won't regret it.
