Hate your daily drive?
It's the best alternate route
Shhh, don't tell tourists

I only run if I'm being shot at; sadly I may never experience what most people see as the true draw to Kelly Drive, unless a serious series of unfortunate circumstances arise.

I do however drive, and Kelly Drive is about the best way into or out of the city if you're sick of 76. It makes me feel like a Formula 1 racer with all its sharp curves and narrow underpasses. That and the blatant disregard for the speed limit by damn near every motorist.

My main love for this little stretch of scenic roadway in the middle of the city is that, unless it's a race day on the river, there's almost never any backup. I like a little scenery in my day, so when I'm taking 76 home from Valley Forge, I get off at the Kelly Drive exit unless I'm in a great rush.

It has year-round beauty, unlike West River Drive which feels more like going through a canyon.

I love Kelly Drive. My only complaint is the omnipresent construction on the Manayunk end of the roadway.
Is indoor claustrophobia having a negative impact on your everyday life? Do you constantly feel lethargic, restless and confined?

Allow me to introduce: Kelly Drive.

Kelly Drive works quickly and effectively to combat symptoms of onset cabin fever, lassitude and type I stationariness.  The path is uniquely designed to maximize your outdoor experience by providing easy access right from center city, with an entrance conveniently located at 25th and Locust Streets.  The paved path meanders past the art museum, along boathouse row, to downtown Manayunk and beyond - so no matter where you are, Kelly's there, too. 

Go ahead, escape the stale air of four-wall detainment, frolic among the Canadian geese, and embrace the great outdoors.  Kelly wants you to.

The fine print: side effects include but are not limited to: heavy breathing, sense of freedom, healthier lifestyle, an addiction to the path and/or the activities associated with it.
Welcome to Philly 101: Strategies for Maximum Enjoyment of Kelly Drive

1. Wake up early (no, 10am is not early) and ride a bike/run/walk Kelly Drive from the Art Museum to the Falls Bridge (almost 4.5mi.).  If feeling ambitious and/or frisky, cross Falls Bridge and return via MLK Drive to do the entire Loop (nearly 9mi).

2. Show up any old time and take a totally unathletic stroll.  Read a novel in some grass. Smoke a cigarette and ponder the nature of the river. 

A word of caution...

Don't try to ride Tour de France style or train for your triathalon at 11 am on the first sunny Saturday in ages.  You will only frustrate yourself and the hand-holding babyJoggers everywhere. 

Stay to the right.  Pass on the left.  Simple yet effective, this absolutely minimal courtesy reduces danger for the veritable rainbow of users of this two-way trail.
My regular (and very censored) thoughts as I navigate Kelly Drive:

"Please remove yourself from my bumper. I am in the right lane. Go around me."
"Thank you for sliding in front of me without a blinker. Fantastic considering all the curves. Woo-hoo, go you! Driver Of The Year."
"Don't hit me. Oh my god, don't hit me. Over the line. They're over the line. Don't. Hit. Me."

As a city-to-burbs commuter who passionately hates driving, it's unfortunate that this is really the only way I can avoid hangin' out on 76 for a prolonged period and get to work at a reasonable time.

This road absolutely terrifies me. If you ever see someone clutching their steering wheel and driving precisely 35 mph while slowing down around the crazy curves, it's likely me. I don't know how some people can drive 55+ without careening into a car/the river/other objects.

Three stars for the pedestrian path, and...well, I suppose the views too, but I can't say I ever take my eyes off the road.
I just recently moved into Philly, and this was the first place I thought to come to rollerblade.  It's very well kept, and highly populated with bikers/runners/walkers/skaters.   There is free 2hr parking just behind the Art Museum, and various parking points up north along Kelly Dr.  There are also a few entrance points from the city on the southern stretch (including 30th St. station). 

The scenery is very nice, and I've found it to be a very safe route to ride.  There are indeed geese everywhere, but I've never had much of an issue with them crossing the paths (they seem to know to avoid fast-moving humans).

On a nice summer day, I'd likely consider taking a small lunch out and sunbathing/picnicing along the banks as well.
I like driving this way to avoid 76, but it's pretty intimidating, lots of narrow curves, and everyone drives pretty fast.  If you are on the inner lane, looks like you are going to hit someone, it's an adventure.  Mostly I go here for running, biking, to get to the boats to row.  It's Philly's version of lake shore drive and I like it.
A friend and I spent some time down here recently just drinking beer and enjoying the view of the water. Many folks were out and about enjoying all that the river drive has to offer which is plenty. Jog, walk your dog, have a picnic, ride a bike, row a boat. This has always been a great place to be. Watch out for the geese though, they like it there as much as we do and not shy about letting you know it.
Gorgeous scenic views, a fantastic public space, areas for picnicking, walking along the riverside, or renting bikes. There's something for everyone here, and I think it really showcases much of what Philadelphia has to offer. I will say driving around here can be a pain, but there is a free parking lot nearby which is super helpful!
Here's a different perspective on Kelly Drive. As a (car) commuter and a cyclist, I don't love it. 

From a general athletic standpoint, it's great. Who wouldn't love to work out with this gorgeous scenery? As a matter of fact, a lot of people love it. It gets super crowded, especially during peak times like weekends and evenings when the weather is nice. As a cyclist, it involves dodging runners, walkers, rollerbladers and other cyclists. I find it to be a little dangerous and opt to talk West River Drive whenever possible. I know the tendency is to blame the cyclists, but we are (mostly) the ones paying attention. We aren't screaming "on your left" because it's fun to say. We don't want to get hurt and we don't want to hurt you. Additionally, I just find parts of the road on the trail aren't in the best of shape anymore. 

From a commuter's standpoint, this route will take you on twists on turns. There are many more curves than its West River Drive counterpart. I'm sure many more accidents as well. Pay attention, stay in your lane and slow down! Drivers are whipping around these curves 20 MPH over the speed limit. 

Beware of regattas. Some of them will cause partial shutdowns on the road and cause a lot of foot traffic. 

What can I say? I'm a West River Drive type of gal.
Most beautiful view in the whole city. I might be bias, because I grew up here but there is no season where this isn't a perfect place to visit for the scenery and a good time spent with loved ones.
You can sit by the river, play frisbee on the grass area, watch sunsets along the boathouse row. Really this is just the perfect place to appreciate nature and enjoy quality time. 
There is so much area to walk, people host celebrations there and you can walk to the front of the Philadelphia museum of art from Kelly drive area. There is a side of it full of flowers and little designed alcoves for picnics and private celebrations.
Springtime is here & its timeeee to get this body right! So after a little gym session I decided to head over to Kelly drive to get a light jog in & it is beautiful! Absolutely stunning, lots of people also exercising or just having a nice time enjoying the view of the city, the water, or other people (people watchers exist y'all!). You can come down here and rent bikes or eat at the cute little cafe on site. It does get pretty busy in this area as soon as it gets nice out which can be annoying, particularly the people on bikes, not that it's their fault I just wish there was a bike lane on the trail to make it easier for us on foot. It is extremely romantic for the couples, a fun time for the kids, or a soothing environment for the stressed. I recommend it to those visiting who want some nice photos.
Kelly Drive--definitely one of the most notable local flavors of PHL! It's scenic with lush green grass, along the Schuylkill River. It's really a great place to get out and move, or just to enjoy the scenes. Whether you want to walk, run, bike, skate, or even picnic, it's certainly multifaceted. They host outdoor events like outdoor movie nights too. Explore as much as you want!
This is my main spot for my morning runs. I usually Park up by Lloyd Hall stretch and start my journey. What's their to write that hasn't already been written?? The winter months are my favorite because all the as I like to call them "seasonal runners" aren't out and about along with the bikers. I'm able to enjoy my run in the peace and quiet and don't have to maneuver around people.

The view of the river is still beautiful and it's a smooth run. I like the fact that each bridge has a posting of how far you've run if you start by Lloyd hall. However you can figure it out if you didn't but just letting you know. The loop is about 8.5 miles or so I can be a little bit off. I at times stop and just take in the view and enjoy the outdoors. They have some trails across the way I've also ran thorough. All in all it's worth coming up here if your a runner.
I run on Kelly Drive. A lot. I'm really lucky to live closeby. That's not why Kelly earned a 5-star rating from me though. I actually often get bored running on Kelly. She earned her rating because when I'm having a bad day and need a breath of fresh air or a dose of sun with a nice view, Kelly is ALWAYS there for me. Whether it's sitting on the benches people watching, enjoying boathouse row, or daydreaming while walking the entire loop, Kelly Drive has something for everyone in need of a little Kelly therapy.
Kelly Drive is another one of those Center City escapes that make you appreciate the beauty of experiencing all four seasons. Come here in a comfortable pair of shoes and a bottle of water to enjoy plenty of trees and lush grass. The statues around Kelly Drive only add to the visual appeal. If your dog is down for a long walk, this is an ideal location!
Absolutely beautiful when it's not under water :) 

Kelly Drive/Boat House Row is absolutely something everyone must see when visiting Philadelphia. The boathouses during the winter months when decorated for the holidays is especially nice to see. 

Running, jogging, walking, roller blading, cycling, you name it - it's done on Kelly Drive. Each time I go for a run here I find something new that I love about it.
One of the best spots to run in the city!!! There's free parking behind the art museum weekday afternoons. I typically come here after work so by the time I get here it's 6-7. There's a decent amount of people here so I would say it's pretty safe (Fall/Summer/Spring)...not sure about the winter or who is jogging out here in the snow. 

I like stretching/warming up behind the art museum (there's a mini hill and some steps I like to run up and down on). Once I'm done warming up I'll start jogging towards center city. The trail is pretty long I've never ran the whole trail. I usually run towards center city but you can also run the opposite way towards fairmount. The view is breath taking in the summer if you're like into nature and scenic routes. People are typically friendly- joggers, cyclists, dog walkers, mothers walking their baby strollers, etc. Just be courteous and stay on the right- don't be taking up the entire path. Sometimes I'll walk my corgi here and bring him to the dog park (there's a little path to the park once you pass 30th station).
Whether its for a weekend morning-afternoon run, an after work stress relieving jog, or the quickest way to get to Manayunk and beyond from the city..... Kelly Drive you make me appreciate living in Philly.  

It's never too loud, never too crowded, and the views of the Schullykill are the best of anywhere in the city.  I honestly don't have one bad thing to say about Kelly Dr. and I never appreciated as much as I did until I started regularly visiting other metro-type cities.  We are so lucky to have this much green grass and water landscape maintained so nicely.  Thanks to all those people that work so hard to keep this area clean and safe.
Besides for the rude dicks, the overly aggressive joggers, the angry cyclists, and the general lack of regard for your fellow man, Kelly Drive is really nice.

The scenery is so relaxing and taking a walk along Kelly Drive is a great way to get your exercise in while taking in the natural beauty of what's just outside DT Philly.

There's normally parking along the street that's free but limited to time or tiny side lots. If you're going to walk or jog, best not to take more than one friend with you to chat with because the pathways aren't wide enough for more than 3 people walking side-by-side without taking over one side completely.

If the weather calls for some cool weather in the general area, walking along Kelly Drive will be cooler and there will be a breeze so best to wear a light windbreaker or long sleeve on a cool day.

Kelly Drive is long enough to walk for the whole afternoon and best of all, it's connected to the Philadelphia Museum of Art so that's pretty awesome. Also, there are a few cool places to eat at the end of the path (towards the art museum and Center City) and also the historic Philadelphia East Penitentiary that you could tour. 

So in closing, there are plenty of overly aggressive assholes here but the natural beauty and historical structures make up for it.

Parking: Limited free street parking or tiny side lots
Kelly Dr. is definitely one of my favorite places in Philly! 

Great for families, runners, walkers, lovers of fresh air, etc. When it's sunny, there are always tons of people out and about! Philadelphia is such an active city, and Kelly Dr. is a great addition! 

If you are a runner, it's a pretty nice scene for a long run. I like to loop around, at the East Falls bridge and run back on MLK Dr. Finishing up at the art museum. I believe it's around 8 miles total ( don't quote me on that).
why have i never reviewed kelly drive? i just ran 5 miles on it yesterday. i trained for a marathon there. i love, love, love it. its so beautiful. it inspires me to be active. on a gorgeous day, it will be packed with people running, biking, blading or walking. all walks of life with one thing in common, the love of the drive. and for the ladies, hot dudes running shirtless. that also inspires me to be active! kelly drive is the best way to get exercise. it has parking. its free. its clean. even the bathrooms at loyd hall are not disgusting. theyre almost nice. if youre not the active type, kelly drive is a nice place to pop a squat and chill. maybe feed the geese. great people watching. i will be going again tomorrow.
So what can I say about Kelly Drive that many on yelp doesn't already know!! Y'all already know that this is a remarkable 4 miles stretch along the schuylkill river.  IF you are training for the Broad Street 10 miler, half marathon or even the full marathon...this is perfect for training.    You can do the 8 mile Loop along Kelly drive and Martin Luther King Drive!  This is where I train for all of my runs including my first marathon!  

There is also a bike rental area so you can bike ride along this scenic route!  Many people bring their bike out for some good exercise and serene views along the river.  There are also people who pick that special spot to fish and catch tonight's dinner!  I'm not one of those but it seems pretty cool to me.  All around beautiful views and great for people watching or excercise! One of the top destination in Philly!
The go to place for a nice walk, watching a sun set, biking, jogging, maybe a picnic, watching row teams practice. Drive safely. avoid crowded times if you can.
My favorite place to be when I'm back home.  I usually rent a bike or just walk along the river.  Its so peaceful.  Sometimes there's free events happening throughout the summer.  This is a great place to come to enjoy the weather, fish, jog, or just relax.  At night boathouse row is lit up, which looks like a scene out of a Christmas movie.  Sometimes my friends and I would bring tons of food and have late nite picnics. 

If you're looking for a place to chill out on a cool summer night, or a place to jog or run for an early morning workout, or just simply lay around and tan, this is the place to be.
This is a great place to run. It's scenic, easily accessible, and a friendly environment. It even has mile markers if you're training for something that's a longer distance. Dog friendly and in a safe area, I'll definitely be running here more often!
The road that has been my training ground for my 2 Broad St. Runs, Half marathon and upcoming half marathon next week.  I want to go off on how go it as a running trail.  It is a very scenic trail that lets you see Boathouse Row, the Sculykill river, the Art Museum as well as the ducks.  But what I also like is that the trails are marked by each 1/4 mile, so you know how far you are going, not only by mile, but how far you are into each mile.

There are other uses besides the running.  For couples, its offers a romantic stroll and plenty of grass to have a nice picnic.  Speaking of picnics, there are plenty of tables for families and friends to join.  Likewise, there is plenty of parking lots for people to park and is free to boot.  Also, if 76 traffic is too bad, like it always is, there is an alternate route briefly to avoid traffic.
Everyday I drive over an hour to get to work. The only good moment in this commute is when i get to ride down Kelly Drive. I can't help but smile when i see the crew teams. Kelly Drive is beautiful every season of the year and I couldn't imagine a more beautiful spot in the city.
One of my former roommates said it best, "Living up the hill from Kelly Drive makes me feel like I'm always on vacation."  Regardless of the season, Kelly Drive provides a venue for exercise, entertainment, people watching, landscape gazing, pet togetherness time, etc.  Granted, some spots are a little sketchy after sundown; but, with the right provisions (including an entourage) Kelly Drive also has a lot of great evening picnic spots.  During the summer, you can even catch the fireworks shows from the Mann Center from Kelly.  If you're considering undertaking a new exercise regime, let Kelly Drive give you the inspiration you need.
Beautiful, gorgeous, peaceful walkway for a run/stroll in the day. I love that it wasn't hard to find free parking alongside it, and it's so closely connected to the city (I lived northeast). Others come here with dogs, and as a biking route. I would love to check out the scenic view during spring/fall times. If you're driving, beware of the aggressive drivers on the road. Very curvy roads with drivers going at 40mph, which makes no sense to me.
I have to say that I am quite shocked not see any reviews of Kelly Dr and two for West River Drive??

Okay, fair enough, if you're a local, you know it well.  Though if you're an out of towner looking for a good place to run/walk/bike/people watch or just get a breath of fresh air, I suggest you make your way down to the Drive.

Kelly Dr (formerly known as East River Dr back in the day) is a great escape from the confines of being pent up in the concrete jungle.  Starting at the Art Museum, KD cuts right through Fairmount Park and hugs the east side of the Schuylkill River for about 4 miles until it ends at Route 1 in East Falls.

This is one of my favorite spots to put in a long run in the city.  There is a wide paved trail between the river and street, which makes for a great place to run or hit up some biking and it is relatively flat the entire distance.

The scenery is awesome.  You get the river on one side and on the other side you can take in a numbers of hills, rocky bluffs, and never ending deciduous greenery.  It's also worth mentioning the crew teams on the river, Boathouse Row, & downtown skyline, amongst other notables such as other statues and historic landmarks along the route.

You won't need to worry about "blocking the box" either.  The path is uninterrupted from motor vehicles from start to finish, which is great for when you are keeping up your momentum and not having to stop at a street to cross (save for the East Falls Bridge, but at that point your close enough to the end that you might as well consider it the end).

An overall great place to get out of the city, while still being in the center of it.
Love this place!

We have visited several times, it's a shame we don't get there more often.  Very relaxing to walk by the water and just take it all in.  Plenty of parking in the lots and a lot of benches to stop at if you need to.  Although there are a lot of people around, everyone stays to themselves and has their own thing to do (fishing, feeding birds, running/jogging/bike riding, on a walk, picnic, etc).
My favorite park! Just just breath taking place. 
I personally think this place is even better than central park
This is a great place to run, a great place to bike, a great place to just take a stroll.  Boat house row is pretty cool too, if you need to get your butt in shape or just want to get out of the house, kelly drive is the place to b...
I moved away from East Falls in '09.  Kelly Drive is the thing I miss most about the area!  (Along with Wissahickon park!)
Philadelphia is blessed to have so many gorgeous green spaces. And Kelly Drive is among the prettiest with great people-watching. If you are a walker, runner or jogger, the paths here are perfect and really never too crowded unless there is a special event being held. The views of the Schuylkill (pronounced Squew Kill if you are non native, Sure Kill if you are - haha) are really lovely.
The park/path along Kelly Drive is pretty nice, I found it a little too crowded on a Saturday to get up to speed on a bike without having to swerve around people but overall it wasn't too bad. It boarders the boat houses and has some real nice waterfront seating. I think to get a real nice view of the boathouses you might need to go across the river to West River Drive (another great and more secluded paved path with the occasional bench or picnic table). As I have Hudson River Park/Riverside Park in NYC I'm a little spoiled so feel free to read all the other glowing reviews from native Philadephians about why Kelly Drive is so wonderful.
Statues. Boathouses. Water. Pathway. What more do you need? 

Kelly Drive is often my go-to when I need to take a walk, run/jog or go bike riding. There's a scenic path where you can really take your time to clear your head. 

Kelly Drive is apparently a nice place to take a date too-at night the city lights and the water make a pretty nice romantic scene.
Oh Kelly Drive... you're so beautiful! Definitely one of my favorite places to visit in all of Philly! I've been here countless times for skating sessions, walks, photography and events. It's a beautiful place to find peace of mind and relax.
