While walking to Shad Fest today with my roommate, we were lucky enough to stumble upon this beautiful park in the heart of the Northern Liberties. I don't really spend a lot of time in this area of the city, and I realized after strolling through this park today that I need to change that. I was quite taken with the number of beautiful trees (lots of pretty pink cherry blossoms everywhere!). They distracted me from all the construction going on around the park. It's been almost two years since McThrill's review, so I guess not much has changed in that respect. Once they're done, though, this will be a really great little area.

It reached 90 degrees today, so you can imagine how many people were there. There were people sunbathing and picnicking, kids on the jungle gyms (separated from the rest of the park, creating a nice little noise gap), lovers sitting on the benches inside of a little metal car sculpture thingy... whatever they were doing, they all seemed happy and relaxed. The vibe was very welcoming, and I felt right at home. 

They even have recycling bins here, which was impressive. I'm sure they play a large part in the park's sparkling-clean appearance. What a great little park! I'll have to keep an eye out for events happening here this summer... I'm sure it's a great place to hang out and listen to some music.
Liberty Lands Park is an island of green in the middle of Northern Liberties.

Pros: 
-Always plenty of dogs, children, and adults playing
-A large beautiful community garden attracts many happy birds
-Ample benches and picnic tables
-Tuesday movies in the park.
-A well-kept park (which is a tribute to the dedicated community members who keep it this way!)

Cons:
-People doing drugs in the park. Like today. At noon. In broad daylight. When children were present. (Although not the parents partaking, thank goodness).  WTH?

This park is the quintessential NoLibs place: unabashed hopefulness combined with skeletons in the closet.  Enjoy at your own risk.
I have been using this park for 7yrs. My kids love this amazing city space. This past summer the dog owners have now adopted this as a 2nd dog park. My youngest no longer wants to visit the park because of 2 near dog attacks. Dog owners you have a dog park across the street pls leave Liberty Lands Park for Families. Dog owners the children's play area was designed for children to play not Dogs.
A community owned park -  that's how Liberty Lands (and Northern Liberties) rolls - and that's how it's kept up, maintained - by the loving hands of the community, who mulch, seed, clean, plant and maintain year round.  In the nearly ten years I have lived here, I have never spent as much time here until I had a kiddo and man, am I grateful for this green space.  

Here there are two play spaces dedicated to the kiddos, an area for the older kids, and another for the young 'uns.  There is even a children's garden, where there are stepping stones for kids to explore plants and flowers.  Along with the community garden and the small curated spaces, stone benches, and new plantings every year, it seems that the blooms and the landscape get better every year. 

I love to come here for the bi-annual music festivals that benefit this park with local music acts and bottomless beers.  They have a great movie under the stars series and plenty of space to 'rent' for private parties.  I love to come here now, because it provides an open, safe space with soft ground underfoot for my kiddo to explore.  

Like most urban parks, it has its share of problems, trash, littering, pet owners not picking up after their dogs, and most heartbreaking, graffiti on the children's playground - and for a park that's run solely on volunteers, those are issues that are hard to keep at bay, but they do a darn good job in the face of all the obstacles to keep the park as beautiful as it is.   

Perfect place to bring a blanket and a book, or your litter of children to run amuck (hopefully nowhere near those who want to chill with a blanket and a book!)
This is a great space for picnics, playing in the park, walking your dog, etc. Many fun events are held here. There are also great family friendly aspects including a children's play area that seems clean and well maintained. You can rent spots for small parties and often times in the summer they have free concerts here. 

On the other hand, I walk my dog here and often encounter poop that was not picked up, broken glass, homeless people sleeping (early in the AM), teens drinking and smoking pot, and of course those dog owners who don't understand that their dog needs to be on a leash no matter how "good" it is... for that reason I avoid the park during peak times. There is a dog park directly across the street, yet I regularly see dogs off leash and have been told by owners not to get too close with my dog (who is on a leash) because their dog isn't friendly... well WTF is it off-leash for???

I love letting my dog have grass under his feet and I admire all the hard work the volunteers do, but there is still room for improvement to get the few bad eggs out of the park.
This used to be an industrial dead space until the residents got together and dreamed up this park.  

This is a great place to come year round - but booming in the summertime.  The residents do their best to keep this park maintained, fun, and clean.  All summer it is filled with parties, gatherings, food and music.  

More communities should take the initiative that NoLibs residents did and make a dead space their own/
Liberty Lands is awesome! Many kudos to the neighborhood association for all their hard work. I have spent many warm summer nights here with friends watching old films. The park is a great place for a small BBQ or picnic and it is conveniently located near the foodery and other various nolibs stuff.
Dogs have taken it over. It was a great park for families but there are way to many dogs. I wish the dog owners would use the dog park directly across the street.
I first came across here when my magazine organized a table at this years first annual realizePhiladelphia Festival. I was instantly impressed by how serene and clean it is. there is a fresh green field to sit in and plenty of trees. they even have a small playground for children, and a community garden. it's also the perfect place for a picnic. Philadelphia needs more places like it. 
My only slight complaint is that the area around it is currently under a lot of development. so you find yourself looking at a lot of construction sites. But the area is getting there.
Liberty Lands Park also has the occasional incredible event going on that is worth checking out.
First off, the ground is a little lumpy.  The park was cold & humid.  How is that even possible?  Like a certain fellow reviewer mentioned the park has been taken over by dogs.  My cat almost jumped out of her harness the last time I took her there.
Such a great addition to the neighborhood.  It really brings the final touch to Northern Liberties making it the perfect place to live.  Great for kids, great for pets, great for everyone!
I love Liberty Lands because it's a very versatile space that's big enough to encompass several different uses at once. For instance, yesterday there were representatives from the Franklin Institute doing a demonstration around the stage, farmer's market stands set up along the sidewalk, and of course kids playing on the playground. I have also been there on days when one group was hoola hooping at one end, another group was playing bocce, and I was having a picnic on a blanket with friends.

There is a good mix of sun and shade at any given time, which is an underrated quality in a park that is actually very important. In the summer it's a great place to lay out, get some Vitamin D, read and/or picnic, etc. In the winter, it's an ideal place to build snowmen or just test your ability to keep your feet whilst crossing ice. Best of all, it's centrally-located near some great food options. I highly recommend getting a bagel at One Shot, a sandwich at Paesano's, a cupcake from Brown Betty's, or frozen custard from Rita's and enjoying some food and sunshine in the park.
Nice little park near a dog park with a playground, lots of open space, trees, and a stage area. Great for community events! Their fall fest was a hit this weekend, with so many sponsors, donations, kids playing and dogs dressed up for Halloween. I like the idea of having a nice little spot to see some greenery in the concrete hub that is Northern Liberties.
Such a nice place to relax on a nice weekend afternoon. I haven't seen 1 homeless person which is nice.
They were having some kind of True Detective themed festival here last weekend. 

I was a little scared.
Have you ever seen a bearded "hipster Screech" look alike playing bocce?

I have.
