Wer sich im Independence Visitor Center mit Informationen versorgt hat braucht nur einmal über die Market Street und kann die erste Sehenswürdigkeit, das Liberty Bell Center besichtigen. Die Liberty Bell zählt mit der Independence Hall zum Weltkulturerbe der UNESCO. Eine Replik der Liberty Bell befindet sich im Liberty Bell Garden in Jerusalem.

Die Glocke wurde damals geläutet, als am 8. Juli 1776 die Amerikanische Unabhängigkeitserklärung auf dem Independence Square in Philadelphia verlesen wurde. Auf der Glocke befindet sich die Inschrift: "Proclaim Liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof" u
nd ist ein wichtiges amerikanisches Symbol für Freiheit und Demokratie.
Die Glocke wurde 1753 in der heutigen Independence Hall aufgehängt. Die Geschichte rund um die Glocke ist nicht eindeutig belegt sowie auch der Riss in der Glocke entstanden ist. Angeblich soll die Glocke im Jahr 1846 zum Geburtstag von George Washington zum letzten Mal geläutet haben, was aber wie viele andere Geschichten rund um die Glocke nicht belegbar ist.

Die Glocke kann man im Liberty Bell Pavillon besichtigen. Leider war die Schlange so groß, dass wir uns aus Zeitgründen mit einem Blick durch das Fenster begnügten. Die Geschichte der Glocke kann man im Gebäude in mehreren Sprachen (z.B. deutsch) nachlesen. 

Der Eintritt in den Pavillon ist frei. Die Sehenswürdigkeit gehört zum Independence National Historical Park von Philadelphia. Ein lohnenswertes Ziel bei einem Besuch in Philadelphia.
My daughter ran the Philadelphia Marathon. I'm her cheerleader so naturally I went with her and we made a weekend of it. There were two things I knew I must see. The Rocky Statue and the Liberty Bell. 

The memory is blurry. I mostly remember being disappointed that it was enclosed in a plexiglass and I wasn't allowed to touch it. I'm very childlike and naive when it comes to rules like that. 

That's all I've got to say about the experience. I marked it off my bucket list. If I ever get back to Philadelphia there's lots more sights to see!
This is a very brief visit to the Liberty Bell (which won't take a big chunk out of your day) but it is worth visiting because it is such an historic landmark.  Before entering the building, you have to go through a security check point very much like the 9/11 Memorial Museum in Manhattan.  You remove your belongings and electronics and place them in a bucket and you also walk through a scanning machine to make sure you are in the clear to enter thorough the doors also, there is no admission fee too; its free.  When you enter the building, it takes you through a detailed history on how the Liberty Bell was created including props from that era and newspaper clippings too.  The last thing you encounter is the infamous Liberty Bell. From learning about the history, you will learn how the Bell was sculpted, how long it took to make it and what eventually cracked the Liberty Bell.  I think this is a definite must see when visiting the city of Philly.
Give me liberty or give me ... actually, just let me see the Liberty Bell without a long line and we'll call it good for today.

Any visitor to Philadelphia must make time to see this iconic symbol of the city and pursuit of freedom. The National Park Service manages the modern exhibition hall (Liberty Bell Center) that displays artifacts and explains the historical and symbolic significance of this cracked bell in giving America life, liberty, and the pursuit of tourists.

Tips:
 * Free; No tickets required (first-come, first-served)
 * Open 9:00a - 5:00p (until 7:00p in summer)
 * Closed Christmas Day
 * Bring only small bags because of security screening & limits
 * The center is wheelchair accessible

Facts:
 * The bell was cast by John Pass and John Stow in 1753
 * There is no evidence that the bell rang on July 4, 1776
 * The bell was commonly rung to call politicians to Assembly Hall
 * The bell did ring to mark the Stamp Act tax repeal in 1766
 * It is made of bronze (70% copper & 25% tin)
 * The bell weighs a ton (literally about 2,000 lbs.)
 * The wooden yoke is likely not the original
 * A thin crack likely began in the 1840s 
 * A "repair" effort in 1846 widened the crack ... and broke the bell
 
A famous inscription from the bell is "Proclaim Liberty Throughout All the Land Unto All the Inhabitants thereof." This Yelp review is to proclaim the Liberty Bell as a must-see free historical attraction for all the inhabitants and tourists of Philadelphia.
Extraordinary symbol

When I was in high school U.S History was not my favorite class at all. I had a hard time focusing on what was taught. It was my 3rd period class... now I love it and I should've paid more attention during lectures! The Liberty Bell rang to symbolize America's independence from Great Britain. 

There are murals and displays outside the building and upon entry we had to go through a security screening. Once inside the building there were exhibits to view that I found to be informative, there is also a film to watch and finally see the famous cracked bell. No tickets were required. FREE! 

The line was pretty long when we arrived to where the bell was displayed but thankfully it went by pretty fast as visitors took their photos. There was a rope around the bell and, although it is visible to the eyes, I really wanted to see the crack up close. For some reason I had a vision of the Bell to be much larger! This bell used to ring in the tower of the Pennsylvania State House (now the Independence Hall, which we also got to see). The bell would ring to call lawmakers to their meetings and the townspeople together to hear the reading of the news. 

I was glad to see this piece of our nation's history. We spent about 30 minutes in the center before heading out to the other historic buildings. We didn't want to leave the City of Brotherly Love without seeing this icon of Freedom and glad we made it here before the government shutdown! Oh hell no, that would've been messed up...

Review #1256
"Give me liberty, or give me death!" Quite literally this was my chant as I ran between the visitors center and Indepence Hall to see Liberty Bell just before the doors closed.  See, I saw it as a kid just before it was moved to its current location and despite being in Philly plenty of times, *this* was the trip I had to be back to see the bell.  Why not add on a dose of drama with a time crunch?  The security and National Park rangers could not be more helpful as they urged me to run this way or that to get to the location.  I dashed down hallways, past buildings, over children, jaywalked streets, hopped over old ladies, and ran like an Olympian until finally, I made it!  The guards all laughed and by the skin of my teeth I saw it.  It looks the same.
What a cool piece of American history! Can't believe it took me this long to visit.

Honestly I really wanted to see the Liberty Bell after watching national treasure with Nicolas Cage. Delivery Val used to be outside under a covered patio, but it was relocated inside this glass building in the early 2000s. I guess to preserve the bell. 

Right now it is first come first serve so you stand outside in line and wait for the next tour. Tours have been every 15 minutes and they only allow nine people on each tour due to Covid. The lines can get long so plan accordingly.

We waited about 30 minutes on a weekday before we got in. The tour was very quick you can look at some of the posters with histories of the Liberty Bell. And then in the glass room is where the actual bell lies. You can clearly see the crack and the place where they try to repair a bell. 

It is a beautiful facility and a beautiful place to house such a historical artifact.
Must see for all Americans.

Yes they are open but number of people inside is limited due to COVID.

We got here early and waited in line probably for about 10 minutes. Line got longer as the day progressed.

A Uber driver a few days prior to visit here warned me about this place. It's free and if anyone approaches you with an offer to skip the line for $20, it's a scam. He also told me not to bring a large back pack due to security.

I came with a small purse and a camera bag. They let me bring in an opened bottles of water. They asked you to remove a jacket but a hoodie is not a jacket although I was using a hoodie as a jacket. I tried to remove my hoodie but I was told I didn't have to.

Since they are limiting the number of people inside the building, it's not crowded at all. I took time to read all the displays and learned so much about the Bell.

Also since it's not crowded, it is very easy to take a picture of the Bell without anyone in the background or anyone waiting to take pictures of the Bell.
While visiting Philadelphia we hit up all the major landmarks and tourist things for sure. So I want to Liberty Bell Center I got to see the Liberty Bell took a picture with the Liberty Bell read all the history behind it and it was a pretty amazing site just to learn about HAL you know America begin and got away from England just learned a whole lot my girls really could care less because they're so young but it was a wonderful trip and a wonderful thing to see
Don't lick the Liberty Bell. You'll get in trouble and I'd bet it doesn't taste too good.

It's been decades since the last time I paid this historic a landmark a visit. I was shocked how close you are able to get to it. I was also shocked that there wasn't any sort of time limit or line regulation once you were near it.

There's a lot of museum type displays as you approach the bell, but they aren't mandatory stops. This inside attraction has a nice air conditioning system in place if you are looking for a place to beat the heat.

Despite the lack of regulation it surprisingly didn't take too long of a wait to get in. I probably won't visit again soon, but that's definitely good to know.
As a local, I was really impressed how accessible this symbol of life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness is to Americans and internationals alike.
Am I being un-American by not giving the bell full marks?

There's little to see beyond the bell. No one really reads the exhibits and signs in there. On the bright side, you don't need to purchase tickets to enter. On the poop side, this place gets crazy packed during tourist season, with folks trying to snap shots of the aforementioned bell.

Still, the Liberty Bell should be part of any city tour - the facility is rather clean and air-conditioned - just remember that there's little sense driving around for parking JUST to see the bell.

Be sure to make a donation!
What does "Liberty Bell Center" mean to you? What does a bell wrapped in America's history mean for all of us? For some it's a beacon of the birth of America. But for many others, and I agree, it represents the freedoms bestowed onto the American people. Liberty bell rang for us and it will continue to be part of our history. When I first saw the building it was in, I was confused. In most movies it feels like it's in a open Colosseum and early approached. However, it's nothing like that. You enter in a building on the opposite side of the bell. You walk into a museum that gives history on the bell and all the powerful people in the past that touched it. Once, you brush up on about two hundred years of history, the bell is in a room surrounded by a divider. You can take pictures standing next to it, but touching is a no, no. That bell is the actual bell, from the past. From time to time, they coat it with a wax to protect it, but that's as much as they do with caring for it. When the said "made in America" back than, it meant last forever.
At the risk of sounding like a communistic subversive...which I'm not...or an unappreciative malcontent...which I'm not...or a disrespectful jerkoff...which I'm not (although there are probably those who might disagree)...I can't say it made an enormous impression on me. In fairness, I didn't take whatever constitutes the free tour. I never entered the building itself. My oldest friend now lives in Philadelphia, a city which I'm not really very familiar with, and I visited him there recently. He lives near this historic area, and after lunch, we took a walk around. I'm impressed and fascinated by history; any history, large or small...whether its the Pharoahs of ancient Egypt, Imperial Rome and the emperors, the Medici family and the Renaissance, the discovery of the Fayum mummy portraits, Lenin and the emergence of Communism in Russia, Ulysses S. Grant at Vicksburg, the Weimar Republic of Germany and how its failure helped usher in the emerging horrors of Hitler and Nazism, the struggle of Ireland against British tyranny, the barbarity of Leopold II of Belgium in Africa, Billie Holiday and Miles Davis playing jazz in Harlem, the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire in 1911, Legs Diamond monopolizing the bootleg booze trade in the Catskills during Prohibition, the Lincoln County Wars of the late 1870s and Billy the Kid getting shot down in New Mexico by Pat Garrett...well, as I was trying to say, in my own long-winded way--- any history, large or small, American or international, can work for me, and be of interest.

My friend pointed out a variety of historic buildings to me, and explained briefly why they were historic. I was interested and appreciative. But, in fairness, I probably wasn't in the best frame of mind to take his impromptu tour. It was hot, and I was distracted. I went out with a young lady years ago in a West Philadelphia suburb, and had occasionally ventured into the city itself way back when, but that was many moons ago. I felt uncomfortable in a city I really didn't know, wasn't familiar with. I worried about the parking garage I had parked my car in-- I had visions of that crappy reality TV show-- "Parking Wars." Am I gonna get towed by some over-zealous geek with a little bit of authority and "reality TV" credentials, despite the fact that I'm in a supposedly "legit" parking garage? How much am I gonna get soaked for parking there? And if I do get towed, am I gonna have to pay an arm and a leg to get my car back? Am I gonna be able to make my way onto Rt. 95 before that brewing thunderstorm hits? My night vision is bad-- will I be able to make it back to Jersey before nightfall? Whatever happened to my ex-girlfriend?

Then my friend interrupted my neurotic, self-absorbed musing and asked, "Wanna see the Liberty Bell?" "Ah...yeah, ok. Sure." "You never saw it?" "Never was in this part of Philly before. Ever." We walked over to a building, looked through a window at the iconic bell with the crack in it. Two security guards stood on the opposite side of the bell, watching us warily (or so it seemed). There were several buttons you could push on the wall running alongside the window where we stood, each button representing a different language that gave a recorded, capsulized history of the bell. We stood a little while, wanting to be properly respectful (although I couldn't resist pushing the button to hear the recorded history lesson in Chinese), and then left to make way for a cluster of tourists.

As we walked, I asked, "Isn't Ben Franklin buried near here?"

"Yeah? Probably, but don't ask me where."

We headed back. At one point, we passed a restaurant that purportedly serves the same food that people in the late 1700's ate. The idea intrigued me until I saw the prices and the fact that tofu is on the menu. I don't think George Washington and Ben Franklin ate tofu. And they didn't pay $40 for steak and shrimp. I don't know if the Liberty Bell itself cost $40 back then.

Obviously, Philadelphia is loaded with history. The men who founded this country, flawed individuals all, nonetheless came up with a genius concept (borrowing a page or 2 from Greek philosophy) that was basically unprecedented in history-- the formation of a country where there wasn't an entrenched caste system, a country where someone could start out with nothing and by virtue of innate talent and skill achieve excellence and move into a position of prominence and benevolent power, where true Democracy and freedom had a chance to develop. Yes, they were too often slave owners, and exploiters, and had an elitist sensibility, but human beings are complex, and so is their history.

So...I need to come back and spend more than a few hours exploring Philadelphia's history. That's obvious. It's a rich history, and multi-faceted.

But...with all due respect...the Liberty Bell is an old bell with a crack in it. By all means, see it. But it won't take a lot of time to do that.
Fun fact....I had zero plans to visit the Liberty Bell Center. I thought it would be something boring and stuffy....and then I saw the ear to ear smile on my face when I had my photo taken next to the liberty bell.

Certainly you could make a B line straight to the liberty bell, which would take all of 30 seconds, but that would be a mistake if you walked past all of the history displayed on the various walls from the construction of the bell, to the preservation of the bell by the addition of a metal spider web installed to hold the crack from growing.  

I have to say I may not have gravitated towards science and instead fell in love with history if I was a kid in Philadelphia on a field trip to the liberty bell.

One of the most iconic monuments around, if you find yourself in or near the Philadelphia area, definitely check the liberty bell center out.  Well worth the trip!
The bell was originally known as the State House Bell. In the late 1830s, it acquired the name of the Liberty Bell when it became a symbol of the anti-slavery movement. It no longer rings due to it's infamous crack but it is tapped on Independence Day and Dr. Martin Luther King's birthday.

Admission is free.

Security is tight.

Be prepared to stand in line and pass thru medal detectors. 

This is history.
Philadelphia is rich with history. Seeing the Liberty Bell was high on mine and my hubb's priority list -besides cheese steaks of course. 

Finding parking wasn't difficult. There are many pay lots in the area, some with coupons if you search online beforehand.  After a quick walk, we found the Liberty Bell center.  The center is small, however it is open space and without any fees to enter. 

The walls are lined with pieces from that time, as well as tidbits of history.  Very cool to refresh some of that knowledge that most probably have placed out of mind.  At the end, is the Liberty Bell. There are stanchions around it, but not so far out that you can't get a good photo.  There are also wonderful elderly volunteers that love to stop anyone who's willing to listen to historical tidbits.
Coming here on a weekday was probably a better idea then coming on the weekend, judging by previous reviews. 
The line was pretty long, we waited for a good 30 minutes before we walked through the "TSA line" to get to see the world famous Liberty Bell. 

The Liberty Bell is at the very end of the center, placed in the middle of a circular of windows. If you don't want to wait in line, you would get a clear view of the bell if you decide to just peek in.
The true heart of the city. You can't visit Philadelphia without seeing the iconic Liberty Bell. The Liberty Bell is a significant landmark that's known for its' symbolism of American Independence. Yes, you've probably heard about its' significance in school and seen pictures of the bell and its' famous unfixable crack. But, seeing it in person really hits differently. It's not just a piece of U.S. history, but a piece of U.S. freedom. Right there, right before your eyes. 

The fact that they've been able to preserve this bell for so long even after it has cracked twice and traveled throughout the United States is simply amazing. I loved learning about the crack and how nobody really even knows the exact date of when it originally cracked (kind of crazy since our history books seem to keep pretty accurate timestamps). I also really enjoyed seeing pictures of the bell in different cities and states around the country, especially when it made it to San Francisco in 1915. 

I'll be honest, I didn't even know that the bell traveled to my side of the country (San Francisco Bay Area). But, this is what these landmarks are for. To not only preserve history, but to teach it to those who otherwise aren't familiar. The Liberty Bell Center definitely does an amazing job of this. There are some excellent exhibits that focus on the timeline before the U.S. became dependent and all that it entailed to get there. There's so much rich history just waiting to be explored here. 

This isn't the largest exhibit, but it's very informative and detailed. You'll need to go through a security screening before entering. Once inside, you can peruse through the exhibits and follow them to end where you'll be met with the iconic Liberty Bell itself. You can't touch it of course since it's blocked off (respectfully). But there are still some great opportunities to get pictures. Unfortunately, you'll be surrounded by other people,  but what landmark isn't like this?! Just be prepared to wait in line if you decide to come anytime in the afternoon or later. The great about this center is that it's free to public.


What an awesome little piece of history we have here. When visiting Philadelphia, a trip to the Liberty Bell Center should be at the top of your list.
Even if there's a huge line waiting to get in, it's totally worth it to see the Liberty Bell Center....plus the line moves quickly

(although I will say there was a strong stench of urine - could have been the homeless or the horse-carriages)

Nice backstory plaques & video lead you to the grand finale - The Bell
The Liberty Bell may now be known as an icon for freedom, but it started out as a plain old bell for the Pennsylvania State House (aka Independence Hall) in 1752

It originally cracked when first rung after arrival in Philadelphia, and was twice recast by local workmen Pass & Stow

Except for short periods, like when it was hidden away during the Revolutionary War, the Bell spent its first 222 years in the State House, ringing for meetings & special occasions.

Anti-slavery groups adopted the bell in the 1800s as a symbol of their cause & coined its name, The Liberty Bell. After the Civil War, the Bell traveled across the country, in an effort to reunite the nation. 

Since then, many groups have used it as a symbol of their struggles for liberty...freedom from injustice, freedom from discrimination, freedom to vote, freedom of equality - it all points to Lady Liberty....aka the Liberty Bell!

"Proclaim Liberty throughout all the Land unto all the Inhabitants Thereof"


FREE ADMISSION!
Visiting the Liberty Bell exhibit was pretty interesting to me because I had visited Liberty Bell when I was a little kid, and it looked a lot bigger to me back then.  Luckily we arrived early in the morning so the line wasn't too long to enter.  When I finally saw it in front of me, I was pretty amazed how well they've maintained it after all these years (http://bit.ly/2w3Rs3m).  The exhibit itself is nicely presented with plenty of video clips and artifacts detailing the history of the Liberty Bell.  It's definitely a sight to see if you're visiting Philadelphia for the first time.
***Liberty Bell Center is a must visit for the very historical artifact that resides in its modern and clean building; on weekdays, it is very quick getting inside the Liberty Bell Center and they allow you to get very close to the Liberty Bell and you are allowed to take pictures***

The Liberty Bell is one of America's most well known and iconic artifacts.  It is synonymous with Philadelphia and thus a must see if you are visiting Philadelphia.  It is pretty easy to see the Liberty Bell.  Admission is free and it is a wait in line and a quick security check to see the Liberty Bell (not that long of a wait on weekdays).

They let you get fairly close to the Liberty Bell and you can take pictures too.  The building that houses the Liberty Bell is nice, new, clean, and contemporary.

The Liberty Bell is a truly special part of American history and it is easy getting to see it (I think you can also get a glimpse of it, without waiting in line, from outside).  It is definitely a must see if you are spending a short time or long time in Philadelphia.

Pay parking structures are located nearby.  You can also find metered street parking just south of Liberty Bell Center.
While the line might look long, it moves quickly.  Once inside, there are lots of items to look at and learn more about the bell.  Once you get there, it is pretty special to see up close.  Lots of good photo opportunities.
Ding, ding, ding!  I wish we can ring the infamous National emblem, Liberty Bell!  

It's such a historical beauty! 

One of the treasures for the nation that signifies hopes, dreams, freedom and the pursuit of happiness.  The road is rough and the fight is tough, but the declaration of independence is mightily worth it. 

Symbolic crack of the amazing Bell! 

One has to get through the storms before seeing sunshine!
Very important part of the history. It is located at the center of this national historic park. Admission is FREE. 

It opens at 9am, come early before the long line. I would recommend after going through the security, go straight to see the bell & take pictures. Then go back to see the exhibition of it's history. It could get very crowded at the bell because so many people want to take pictures with the bell.
We hired a driver to take us to touristy spots, and the Liberty Bell and the Independence Hall was one stop.  He pointed to a building "over there" for the Liberty Bell, but we were still clueless.  I thought it was an open area with a bell, sort of like the Plymouth Rock.. out in the open.

Apparently after 9/11 (I'm guessing) they put the Bell in a museum setting, inside a glass room.  You enter through a TSA style security and then follow the museum pieces to the Bell.  If you're planning on taking pictures, try to go when the sun is not behind the Independence Hall.  The glare was awful, and hard to get a photo without a complete shadow.  Make it a late afternoon or early morning arrival.

If you are still lost, find the many roaming police looking guys.  They'll show you were its at. No admission fee and takes about 10-15 minutes
wow i remember when the bell was just sitting behind one of those sanguine colored velvet ropes and thats all that was blocking you from it. you used to be able to sneakily reach over and touch it or heck even stick your gum on it. but now.....they have it all glassed in with cameras and the whole deal, i mean maximum security for the liberty bell? since when?
The Liberty Bell Center is where they house the Liberty Bell.  It's a small facility in downtown Philadelphia.  Parking is limited and the city garage will cost you around $10 for an hour.  Plan to spend a little time here since the line to get in can be long.  You will have to go through a security screening and your belongings X-rayed.  The facility is maintained and run by the Park Service.  It's clean and modern inside.  The exhibit is free, and there is a nice gift shop and place to grab a quick snack as well.  It's worth checking out.
Rolling into town, trying to find parking...there is a parking lot right next to Independence Hall Visitor Cetner but it's $4.50 for each half hour. I drove around for like 15 minutes and finally found street parking at the meters for $2.50 an hour - beware though that they only accept coins. Initially I was parked between a yellow line and wasn't sure if I could park there so I asked a random person..

Me: excuse me, do you think I can park here?
Philly dude: where u from 
Me: Phoenix
Philly dude: then it don't Fu**in matta, if they give you a ticket tell them to shove it up your dry desert ass.
Me: Oh, ok, yeah - i'm going to move my car.

With that being said, I began my 2 block journey to the Liberty Bell. The line wrapped around the corner, but I was blown away by how fast it went. Didn't take longer than 10 minutes to get in. Once in, went straight for the Bell and it was historically legendary. You gotta wait for the park ranger to give his schpeel about the history behind the bell which is 10 minutes long. It will make the experience 100 times better. Loved it, you gotta hit this place up if you're around.

P.S. You are allowed to the touch the Liberty Bell, but the only thing is that you have to make sure no one is watching.
I looked outside my hotel window and the sky was a perfect blue, I set out to check out some historical sites. My first stop was the Independance park area and the Liberty Bell. 

Looking through the glass, I was trying to grasp how old this area is. I took pictures of the bell and came back each day. The museum is free to attend, but during certain hours there is a line, mostly because of the security check.

I was happy to be able to check out a part of history, the whole area will remind you of how far we have come as a country.
Always awesome to see a bit of history. Visitors must enter a building and go through a brief security screening prior to entry. The admission is free. The is bell within the building.

We arrived about an hour before close and there was plenty of time to make it through the historical exhibit. There are many references to the Liberty Bell's symbolism within America and interesting facts about the history of Liberty Bell. The bell is much smaller than one would imagine, but there is plenty of space for photos.

I visited the Liberty Bell many years ago, but had since forgotten the details so, I decided to make it a priority while visiting Philly again. Very happy that I made this decision. Great activity for families.
There is no admission fee or ticket needed to visit the Liberty Bell Center. This is different then if you want to visit Independence Hall just across the street. The only negative has to do with waiting outside in the line, but even that is an enough to detract from the experience. When waiting outside both when we visited and other times when we walked by there were homeless people looking for handouts amongst the tourists in line. So just keep your eye out.

There is some wonderful history as you walk into the building looking at the footprint of a home in the surrounding area in front of the Liberty Bell Center. After you go through security you're treated to a timeline in the history of the Liberty Bell. There are some very unique artifacts including a cane and jewelry made from pieces of the Liberty Bell. Seeing a timeline of its history where it has traveled during different times in our country including the Civil War.

In the final room for the Liberty Bell Center you are greeted by the bell. The view is simply stunning looking at the Liberty Bell representing freedom and in the background visible through the glass room walls is Independence Hall where this nation was born seeking freedom. Highly recommend this as a stop.
It's been a while since my last Philly visit having some time to kill we decide to give the bell another quick peek.. 
long lines form outside but moved rather quickly no ticket or admission charge here. 
Once inside u go through security & past medal detectors crazy we need to go through all this nowadays but glad it's in place for our safety. 
Inside u have some artifacts, pictures & short films to check out should u choose to read a bit of its history. 
The bell is located at the end & it is lovely to see a lot of history there.
Out of the few places to see while visiting Philly the bell is definitely a must see at least once.
Throughout high school I was a huge history buff.  Granted I didn't keep up as much over the years but I have to put that on some amazing teachers.  But seeing the Liberty Bell was one of my bucket list items.

I recently had a LONG layover in Philadelphia so my family made the best of it and explored the city.  We thought of it as a FREE trip.  We arrived into the city at 5 pm, which is when the viewings end.  But lucky for us we found a Philly by Night tour bus that would take us around.  We stopped near this park and was able to walk up to the bell.  Even though I was separated by class I got a good look at the bell and was still in awe.  

Seeing it at night was cool!
Waiting here in Line
Winding through the maze
Almost to the door
History ablaze
Empty your pockets
Go through security hell
Hopefully you are all clear
Now you can ring the bell
(not really)

Liberty Bell, Liberty Bell
It is a Must See
Oh what fun, it is to look
at this cracked piece of History

With that being said (or sung to Jingle Bells), the Liberty Bell Center has information on lots of various things, so you can mosey through and read all of the cool things about history.  But if your like us, you are already tired of the wait so you just walk through and B-Line it to the main attraction.  It's free and you don't need tickets like Independence Hall.  It's something you should see when you're here, but you're not in Awe like the Grand Canyon, Washington Monument, or the First Ever Taco Bell.
We walked in around 6:15pm with no line holding us up. We beelined straight for the Liberty Bell bypassing all the historic information provided about it. I divine mission was to see the BELL. This iconic bell that has withstood time, traveling, and most importantly a symbol of freedom and liberty.

A NPS ranger there to answer any questions you may have standing by the bell. The bell is roped off to prevent people from touching it and to keep their distance. 

Before going, remember don't take anything in there that you wouldn't take through the airport. They will check you and scan your items through an xray scanner.

Tons of people will be trying to get selfies with Bell to indicate that they've 'been there and done that'. I am guilty of it, and so are the rest of the people who roll in there. I didn't have a selfie stick though. I was more tame than that!

They close at 7.

I will write more in detail about the Liberty Bell Center as a whole under its Yelp listing. If you want deets -- go there and read.
Went to visit the Liberty Bell for the first time today. From the outside you can kind of look in and see the bell, but if you made it all of the way to Philly, why wouldn't you go inside and see it in person instead of through a window? 

On a beautiful 70 degree September Sunday afternoon around 2 pm, I waited about 10 minutes to get through the security line and get inside. Security is tight and I totally understand the reason for it, but I was bummed I had to throw out the water I literally just bought since no liquid is allowed inside. 

Once inside, there's enough to occupy you for 10-15 minutes tops. There's lot of tourists, but it isn't overly crowded and the lines move quickly. I imagine, at times, the lines can be longer and the wait might be much greater. There is no cost to get inside, which is a nice bonus, especially for the short amount of time you'll spend here.

To sum it up, this is history and if you are visiting Philly, make your way here, it won't take long, I promise and it will be worth it.
The Liberty Bell Center is very informative of the history of the Liberty Bell offering you to literally walk through the history of how it originated, how it is relevant to our history currently, and how its meaning has been interpreted over the many years of its existence. 

I truly enjoyed how thoroughly detailed it was. The center itself is basically brand new with lots of interactive exhibits with videos, photos, written historic information along with strong visuals. You can learn everything you need to know about it in here. It's very fascinating on how the Liberty Bell has literally traveled the country on a couple of occasions and been on display for people to witness outside of its home in Philly. 

National Park Service rangers are available to answer any inquiries you have if you don't get an answer through the extensive permanent exhibition. 

The day I went it was really easy to get around and there wasn't a line to get in. Maybe because it was Labor Day weekend at 6PM at night? I'd say come here a little time before it closes to avoid the day rush which ultimately might have you waiting in line for awhile. We were able to roam freely, take photos of the Bell without incident and still had time to walk around and explore the exhibits. 

Either way you go -- this is a must see in Philadelphia!
I stopped by the Liberty Bell Center while visiting Philadelphia. The bell was moved from outside to inside recently. It's free to tour the Liberty Bell (no tickets needed). Arriving early is smart because the line gets long very fast. A line started to form before the Libery Bell Center opened. You can take pictures of the Liberty Bell but you can't touch it. It's a cool attraction to visit. If the line is very long inside of the Liberty Bell Center, guest can see it from a window. Seeing the bell up close was a cool experience.
How anyone can give this landmark any less than 5 stars is beyond me. I thought the Liberty Bell was displayed beautifully and respectfully. I'm not sure what else people wanted; a red carpet rolled out for them? Fireworks? A quartet? Sheesh. 

True, you can't expect to spend an entire day here but you can spend a good 45 minutes at this landmark. Since its near Liberty Independence Mall, there are other attractions that you can spend a good part of your day enjoying. 

In the building the Liberty Bell is housed, there is plenty of information to digest and a short movie that you can also watch. No seating though. I actually learned a few things that I didn't know so it really does help to read through the materials. 

Everyone was very gracious about giving you the opportunity to get a picture with the Liberty Bell. I appreciated that.  The rangers were also very knowledgeable and were willing to answer any questions that you had. 

I would highly recommend this as a place to visit in your lifetime. It's free and a wonderful part of American history.
I'm glad I did not have to pay to view this.  It was a bit less fascinating that I imagined it to be.  It didn't really take us very long to make it thru the display which was nice and we were able to view it up close.  I just remember learning about the bell in early elementary school and the stories seemed a bit more focused on the colonial times and the Declaration of Independence compared to the more modern information and use of the bell in later years.
If you're in town, and you're an American, you are obligated to check out this piece of history once in your life... and maybe even get your picture taken with a bell... while holding a smaller bell.
It's free and the line moves along pretty quickly. I thought security was pretty easy. They peeked into my purse for a minute and then let me move along. 

The guard standing by the bell knew what he was doing because he instructed groups to stand on each side of the bell for pictures. This totally worked. 2 groups could take a pic at the same time and from that angle the group taking a pic at the other end didn't appear in your pic. 

During the day you can get a great pic of the bell with the bell tower steeple of Independence Hall in the background. It was a pretty cool pic.
Seems this museum is set up so the throngs of people who line up to see the Liberty Bell have something to look at while they wait their turn to gaze at the bell.   It's a good idea, and impressively executed.  Probably one of the better museums I've seen.  It's nice that you can also see the Liberty Bell from outside too, the room it's housed in has a large glass wall.  

It's free, of course, so the price is just right.
Someone please tell me how the freaking symbol of our independence only has 4 stars?

Now, I could dock a star for the long line or the weather or some of the tourists who took way too long to read the plethora of information provided at this landmark as we waited behind them, but this isn't that y'all.

This is the history of the land of the free and the home of the brave. 'Merica!  5 stars. The end.
My family had fun visiting the center and learning the history of our nation's forefathers. We were lucky to avoid most of the long lines since we came in the morning. The bottom neck in the lines was going through security. The signs were easy to read and the place is clean.
Everyone who visits Philadelphia should definitely see the Liberty Bell at least once. The wait wasn't that long (go early, especially in warmer weather), but the presentation leading up to it was well done. This is a great place to take school-aged kids. Great to learn about the bell and its place in American history. It's a great stop in an area where there are other things to see as well.
No trip to Philly would be complete without a visit here.  And it's free, good golly Ms. Molly!  

My first bell experience happened back in 1989 when the bell was located in the Liberty Bell Pavilion which is now long gone.  My second visit back in 2008 was to a brand new building now called the Liberty Bell Center, which features informational exhibition space with the bell at the end, now housed in a beautiful, modern room with high ceilings and huge glass windows.  A simple railing separates the bell from curious hands.  It's very impressive to see up close, and is supposedly hung from its original yoke which adds to its charm, being in such a contemporary space.  We must've gone on a slow day as the place never felt overcrowded.

TIPS:
Entry is totally free and advanced reservations aren't taken.

Go onto the National Park Service's website to hear an audio clip as to what the bell sounded like.  It's higher than I had imagined.
This is one of the first places I always tell Philadelphia's tourists to go visit. Of course, it's the iconic and mandatory "must see" place to visit, but it also grounds you in understanding Philadelphia's past and it helps you to see how the City has been a birthplace for "Freedom" for many groups of people. From the African American slaves to the women's movement for the right to vote, to the gay rights movement in the later 20th century - the Philadelphia Liberty Bell has held meaning for all.

This is a pretty quick place to visit and it's FREE. Make sure you go to Independence Visitors Center first to pick up your tickets to Independence Hall. Then go to the Liberty Bell Center either on your way there or afterwards! Also, engage the NPS rangers in conversation and you'll learn a lot more than just what's written on the informational placards.
There is no other place in Philly you can go where you see so many people from around the world who are beyond thrilled to be there. My heart goes pitter patter when I see everyone scrambling to get their pic with  the bell. The bell is prominently displayed for all to see. Just please, don't go beyond the fencing or touch her. 
Visitors are happy, proud, thrilled and emotional to be there and they can't wait to show everyone back home. It's both a thrill and an honor to come here to experience this.
Like the Statue of Liberty in New York, the Liberty Bell is *the* thing to see when in Philadelphia.  I was personally not fussed in seeing the Liberty Bell, but meh, what the hell.  It was there, so I saw it.

Located between Independence Hall and the Independence Visitor Center, the Liberty Bell Center not only houses the famous bell, but has a small exhibit, complete with a short film, on the history of the bell.  Quite interesting.

Free admission, and while there is security, it was very quick to get through.  Wheelchair accessible.  No washrooms, but you can just go across the street to the Independence Visitor Center.

[Yelp collections: East Coast 2016; Cheap Thrills]
I hadn't been in years! I appreciate that it is still free to visit and doesn't require tour appointment times/tickets, instead a first come, first serve basis. Came midmorning at the end of a running tour and wasn't too busy at all, people were good about letting each other take photos in front of the bell. Funny to see all the National Park Service rangers along the Mall, but it is technically theirs. The exhibits leading up to the actual bell are pretty neat, including the George Washington/John Adams "President's House" mansion remains below. My tour guide also said that during the Papal Visit, Pope Francis will deliver a speech in front of Independence Hall. There was metal detector security check at the entrance, I guess that could cause long lines when crowds increase.
My advice for tourists who want to see the Liberty Bell and Independence Hall - go to the Independence Visitor Center first and get a reservation/ticket/time for the independence hall tour. Go early because they will run out of reservation spots. While waiting for your independence hall tour, go to the liberty bell. Admission to BOTH is FREE.

Spend 30 minutes tops at the Liberty Bell. The site is a national park and there is a security checkpoint. The building is a modern museum, but everyone usually skips through all the historic information and heads straight to the bell. Then you grab a few selfies and you are on your way. Note that the bell is extremely popular on holiday weekends (especially July 4th) and the wait in line is about 30-60. On any regular weekend, the wait is non-existent or 5-10 minutes.

I'm giving it three stars because although it is such a notable piece of history and symbol of Liberty and freedom, I feel that the overall experience doesn't evoke an emotional excitement of wow. The building and the exhibits are fine and nice and all, but overall, it's pretty dull.

Also if the line is ridiculously long, you can see the liberty bell from some of the windows outside.
I have visited Philly twice now, and both times I have tried to see the Liberty Bell. Both times that I have come to the Liberty Bell Center the line has been so long that it reaches the street. I have next to no patience, so there was no way I was going to wait in those lines. Luckily for me, the room that holds the bell has glass walls. This allows people like me, who don't wish to wait in line, to see the Liberty Bell. You can even get a fairly decent photo of the bell from the outside viewing window. 

Maybe one day I will be able to see the bell without a glass partition, but then again maybe not as you will never see me waiting in a line all the way to the street!
Free admission, which is fitting because didn't "we" already "pay" for our liberty?

Security akin to a body cavity search at Riker's Island.

Trying to snap a pic of the bell without strangers in the photo: impossible.

A "well, there it is..." anticlimactic feeling (probably similar to those visiting the Alamo for the first time, only to realize it's next to a shopping mall).

Other than that, this experience was all it's cracked up to be.
How can you not like the Liberty Bell, a symbol of American freedom?

The Liberty Bell, which was originally cast in 1752, is located inside a building known as the Liberty Bell Center which opened in October 2003. The center is located next to Independence Hall within Independence National Historical Park, a park that consists of several blocks in Center City, Philadelphia.

Admission is free. The bell is owned by the City of Philadelphia and the center is run by the National Park Service. The center is open daily, except Christmas Day, on a first-come, first-served basis. There's not much to the place. You have to go through security (metal detectors, bag inspection) to enter. Once you enter, there's a hallway with various exhibits about the bell including a 10-minute video put together by the History Channel.

Of course, the main attraction is the Liberty Bell itself which is located in a room at the end of the hallway. The bell is roped off so you can't touch it, but you can walk around it. You can view and take pictures of the bell from 360 degrees. The room the bell is located in is cool because the backdrop is Independence Hall (https://www.yelp.com/biz/independence-hall-philadelphia). Admission to Independence Hall is free too. Whoever designed this center did a great job because the backdrop is perfect; very picturesque. The bell is attended/guarded by a National Park Service ranger.

We visited the center on an ordinary Sunday around 5:40pm. There was a line to enter the building, but it moved fast. We were through security in about 5 minutes. There was a small crowd around the bell, but luckily, everyone was polite and respectful, keeping their distance and taking pictures in turn. Our entire visit at the center lasted less than 20 minutes. We could have spent more time looking at the hallway exhibits, but were hungry and wanted to get to Jim's Steaks (South Street location, about a 15-minute walk away) for a cheesesteak dinner.

The center was clean, modern, and felt safe.

We're glad we came here. This is definitely a spot worth checking out.
It's a long review but work with me--
While you are in Philly, navigating the parking, eating the fantastic foods, meeting new people and walking around seeing the sights, it's important to take the time to also see the greatness in the history of this city. 

With there being so much to see and if you are just visiting for the day, you may not have time to see it all, there are amazing Museums, Constitution Hall or the many Historic Homes. But if there is one thing you should see, at least take the time to go see The Liberty Bell. 

The museum starts before you even walk through the doors or pass through security, take a few moments to look at it, I mean really look at it. Once I walked through security area much like TSA at the airport it is a long hallway with rooms divided by screens with each room having a different topic of the history on what lead up to the Bell, the people, the time, the meaning of the words, what it all represents... I'm reading all this history and in awe of the history that schools DID NOT teach, not when I was a school kid and certainly not now. It's a true shame.

A few moments later I was finally walking on through to finally see the Liberty Bell, but there was one last alcove and in this alcove was a video on the Bell itself and how the bell was rung at important gatherings and how it got its cracks, and I realized, none of us have or will ever hear this bell rung. I mean I am sure some may remember current times 1915, 1926, 1944,1962, but it still made me wistful... but then....

In 2004 to commemorate the 60th anniversary of the Allied Invasion of Normandy (Normandy Liberty Bell) was cast. It is a reproduction of the Liberty Bell, with precise measurements of the Liberty Bell- without the crack. This was a collaborative project with the National Park Services. There is a portion of the video that they show the ringing of the Bell and the sound it made.. because I was so into the historical film that I almost completely forgot to video the sound. BUT! at the last second I whipped out my handy dandy samsumg and pressed record and I was able to included the last few seconds of the bells ringing. I felt serious emotion and had to wait a few seconds, I looked around and a few others were also solemn. Once I was settled I went on to see the display of the Liberty Bell. Okay, it wasn't as big as I had imagined but I was moved by its presence, beauty and all that it stands for, it is truly beautiful Philadelphia, you may boast the best Philly Cheese-steaks and you got tons of them, but you have the one - and only true-----   Liberty Bell!!

This Museum is free and you can go back and re-read and see everything again! no time limit! no one telling us to "move along", which I immediately did. There are no restrooms, so if you have kids, "go" before you go. Disclaimer- I am pretty sure you can search the vast internet for the sound of the bell ringing, but why not just see it for yourself and grab a famous Philly Cheese-steak.
NATIONAL TREASURE STOP #2

It must have been low tourism season because it only took about 30 mins to go from waiting in line to seeing the bell. The exhibits outside while waiting in line and the exhibits inside before seeing the bell help to build up the excitement and provide some context on the bell. (I barely remembered anything about it from my 5th grade days.) Seeing the bell itself is pretty anti-climatic. There were lots of people crowded around it taking selfies and stuff, so you don't really even get to savor your time with the bell.

The visit is free and doesn't require tickets or anything. Another good way to enjoy the bell if there's a long wait is to see it from outside. There's a window positioned directly facing the bell with a marker outside. I promise that seeing the bell from the outside is just as good as seeing it from the inside.
A trip to Philadelphia without a trip to the Liberty Bell isn't really a trip at all, right? Well at least not for me.

It's a pretty short trip, which I like about tourist stops. You begin outside more than likely because there's a security line you've got to get though. Very reminiscent of the TSA line you went through to fly to PHL in the first place. Fortunately, it moves really quickly and you're inside.

Oh, BTW, the Liberty Bell is free so there is no reason not to come here.

You walk through a wide hallway and you're educated on all things Liberty Bell and that time period related.

A little further and you'll see her. You'll also see two men guarding her and you'll see a rope surrounding her too so you can't get too close to her, but you can take as many pictures as you'd like. Get your perfect selfie and then let the next person do the same.

It's a great piece of history to see. It'll probably take you 15 minutes to get through. It'll take you less if you go straight to the bell and leave. If you're a visitor, you kind of have to see it at least once. Totally worth your time for sure. You're elementary history and civics teachers will be proud of you for stopping by.
We were very lucky there was no line when we got here around 9am. Fast moving line, and a great exhibit about the bell too! No tickets needed! Free! Beautiful place filled with historical information about how the Liberty Bell served many minority groups symbolize freedom across time. 
Rich with information concerning the Liberty Bell. Fun trinkets and items celebrating the history of the bell since it's creation. Nice air condition hall with the bell itself at the end!! You can get very close to it and take a picture next to the bell! Highly recommended for the next time you're in Philly!
On our trip to Philly I expected two things. History and good food.
I got them both!

We saw the line for the Liberty Bell and thought "WHOA! This is never going to move!" A short 15 minutes later we were inside the air conditioned facility. The line moves very fast, so don't let it discourage you!

After the security check point there are graphics and information all over the walls. Did you know that the iconic crack on the bell was made when they were trying to FIX it? Now the bell no longer sounds, because of it.

At the very end, guarded by a park ranger, is the Liberty Bell. Everyone gathers around to snap a photo of the icon. I am all about taking photos with landmarks/iconic symbols, because you read about these places or see them in books/movies and to see in in person is crazy! It was well worth the time...plus it's FREE!

ANYONE going to Philly should make a stop at the bell for some history and a super cool photo.
Here it is.  The bell that rang the sound of freedom when our nation was born. It rang hundreds of thousands of times before it got  a hairline crack.   The one you see now was the result of a failed repair attempt.   But its symbolism is far from cracked.  Who knew that the liberty became so connected with the abolition movement and women's suffrage.  

There was no line on this cold winter day.   Just enter, go through security, read the interesting interpretive displays and watch the film clips.   Take a picture of the bell.  Hear a ranger talk if you can.   

Learning about the past can always be daunting but here you can see and feel the past in a way that few places in the country can do.  Don't miss this experience on hallowed ground.
I have been here and seen the Liberty Bell a few times and each time it's a new experience. This bell means freedom for so many people. To learn about the bell and the crack in a book, and then to actually see it in person is something magical. The Liberty Bell center not only houses the bell, but many other artifacts from the era. In 1846 when they tried to repair the bell, people took filings from the bell and melted them down to make trinkets, pins, buttons and souvenirs.
Very nice building and No Frills display of the Liberty Bell. You walk in and you do have to go through security but after that, you can read through many different informational exhibits and at the end, see the Bell. It was bigger than I thought it would be considering everyone says it's really not that much of a site. It was just sitting right there, out of the open only surrounded by a short barrier. It was really great to see it and reflect on all the things it stands for in this country. I was a bit disappointed that most people really were not taking it all in. For 10 minutes, I stared at it, thinking about what the bell stands for. Many people just came and took a quick picture and left. I guess we see the world differently. Overall, a great thing to see in Philadelphia and your can't beat the free price!
.....And therefore never send to know for whom the Liberty Bell tolls; It tolls for thee.

I'm big on history and especially when it has to do with an iconic symbol of American Independence. It's also across the street from the old Rohm and Haas HQ Building (my first employer) and of course Independence Hall where the Declaration of Independence was signed on July 4, 1776.  I first came here when I first moved to Philly in 1980, and I stop by to pay my respects every time I'm back in town (which unfortunately is not often enough). 

I like that you can see Independence Hall through the picture window behind the bell and the that it still hangs from its original yoke. I don't like that I can't touch it anymore and that the new display center is not as good as the earlier (pre-2003) version (IMHO). But see it again I will as this is part of who we are. 

"Yes there's a lady that stands in a harbor for what we believe. And there's a bell that still echoes the price that it cost to be free.."
I visited Philadelphia the friday before Labor Day weekend. Since I was in town, I had to see the liberty bell. there was a short line (waited for 10 minutes) , took us 15 minutes to read the exhibits before I arrive at the liberty bell. Great experience. must see if you have never been to philadelphia before. Bring a good camera as it was hard to take a quality picture of the liberty bell.
The Liberty Bell is the icon to America and the American revolution. The infamous crack on the bell itself was a marvel to see and it was totally a privilege to see this icon on a recent trip to Philadelphia. Although the government shutdown of 2013 dampened plans to see the Liberty Bell and the museum itself, there was a space along the building where you could see the bell herself through the glass. It was basically the only way I could have gotten to see her without having to not be here at all. It was a darn shame that the Liberty Bell Center itself was closed due to the shutdown. Many tourist folk come to see Philadelphia's iconic and historic attractions and its closed. 

The Liberty Bell Center is located on the Independence Mall, pretty much located in downtown Philadelphia's old city and historic district. Many of the historic colonial buildings are here, including independence hall and the Betsy Ross House. Ben Franklin's tomb is nearby as well. The Liberty Bell is probably the 1st thing you would think of when you think of Philadelphia. It is the cradle of American democracy and the birthplace to everything Americana way back when. If I had the chance to go back and visit the Liberty Bell again when its open, I will definitely will, since the government shout down made me mad. The Liberty Bell and it's associated landmarks are maintained by the National Park Service, a federal government agency affected by the shutdown. For what it was worth, it made me explore other places in Philadelphia and not spending that much time here at the Liberty Bell.

Still, it was an exceptional moment to be here at the Liberty Bell and see her. It made me think of all the sacrifices and the heroism of all who have came before us and gave their lives for us in the pursuit of happiness and freedom. It validated me as an American and I felt proud to be here to see it. If you haven't seen the Liberty Bell before, I encourage you to see it and it just may change your life. Sure its a tourist trap, but the Liberty Bell is an icon of American History that remains an enduring and permanent place in our hearts forever. 

Definitely recommended to see the Liberty Bell, whenever you are in downtown Philadelphia having a Philly cheese steak or a soft pretzel. While I can say that the government shutdown of 2013 sucks, its a reminder of what government we have versus the government we don't have (dictator, totalitarianism).

Support local!

A+
You walk down the long hall and anticipation grows, then you get to the end and can see Independence Hall in the background through the window and there it is in front of you, the Liberty Bell.  It's smaller than what you'd think and the infamous crack is very visible.  It's cool, what it represents and all the history behind the bell.
Loved it!! So many historical sites disappoint, but the Liberty Bell wasn't one of them. Loved the simple layout of information presented on the informational placards, and thought that the video at the end does a great job summing up the Bell's significance. Loved that the lines weren't long today, and we could all take turns snapping photos.
This redesigned showcase for a major Philly symbol works well.  Although the security and entrance lines may seem long, they actually move very fast.  Inside the building, before you get to the bell, there are some displays you could skip if you were in a hurry, but are good for a glance because they explain how the bell has been used differently as a symbol over the years.  The bell itself is housed in a glass room so that you see Independence Hall directly behind it. This is a great place to take the photo that proves you've been to Philadelphia.  You're not supposed to touch the bell, but you can, and no alarms will go off and no one will freak out...just don't hit it with a hammer, as some a-hole did years ago.

Since the time investment to see this attraction is low, and it is pretty interesting, I'd put it high on a must-do list for any visitor; higher than Independence Hall, which is incredibly historically significant, but also really just a dark old building.
TIP: It gets really crowded as the day progresses, so go early in the day if possible.  When we got there around 9am or so, there was no line to get in, and we were able to take pics w/the Liberty Bell with just the 3 of us in the picture! By the time we left, the line was really long & there were TONS of people crowded around the Bell... hard to get a good pic w/it.

I liked it because:
* It's free
* If you go early in the day, you can avoid the crowds
* There are informative exhibits giving the history of the Liberty Bell, including artifacts and pictures related to its history
Excellent. 

1) It is a must visit spot. 
2) All lovers of US history need to make this pilgrimage. 
3) Very tough security.
4) It is free.
1. Go line up outside

2. Put everything in your bag if you have one

3. No open containers!  Gotta finish your drink before you reach to the front of the line. 

4. Skip the history and go straight to the Liberty Bell.

5. Line up to take pictures. You can take pix all around, but don't forget to snap a picture with the crack in the bell

6. Go back to the history stuff before going out.
Bells, bells, bellls. I didn't want to miss the opportunity to see the Liberty bell. The line was long, but it moved fast. As I walked in I had to ask the location on the Bell. It is located straight ahead at the end of the building. I could say a lot about the bells but I think history says it better. Worth the visit, there are many more things and museums to look around this area if one has time to explore. The buses for sight seeing are parked right outside of this location. Meter parking available a few blocks away if you don't mind walking.
Of course I'm going to see the Liberty Bell while in Philly! Let freedom ring! 

It's located across the street from Independence Hall.  There was a line of course but that wasn't going to prevent me from seeing it.  The line moved fairly well and only took me about 30 minutes to get inside.  The line is long because they have to  look through any bags coming through and they also make you 'twirl' around.  

Once inside, there are other artifacts from that time period with various placards about the bell itself.  There is a room off to the side showing a video.  Unfortunately it was playing in a foreign language when we arrived. 

The Liberty Bell is located at the far end of the building with plenty of other tourists there taking pictures.  It's amazing to see this in person and wouldn't have missed the opportunity.
Cool place to visit in Philly! I definitely recommend stopping and visiting here when you are in the area. There was a line to get in, but it moves fast. Its also FREE, so that is another plus!
i'm goimg to lick the liberty bell.

oh, man. this place was crowded. sure, i came on a hot summer day when all the tourists decided to go too. there were huge boards to read and like my typical self, i didn't want to read it. i just wanted to get to the bell take a picture and be on my merry way. got inspected by security, walked thru a maze, pushed my way thru japanese tourists just to get a picture with the bell. how i did that? stood really close to them and kept moving closer and closer so i was in front of it. so selfish...

i wasn't that impressed nor was i feeling like i was next to something of spectacular greatness. oh, well....
I've visited twice. The flow of visitors moves quickly and it's rather easy to get your photo taken before the Bell. The videos, informational material, and visual museum-like rooms you pass through before visiting the Bell are informative and precisely conveyed. 

Definitely worth the visit if you're in Philly!
There is a bonus star here because seeing the Liberty Bell is free.  Located adjacent to Independence Hall, the Liberty Bell is housed in a large glass building.  During the day, you have to wait in line and go through security.  At night, you can see it from the outside lit up and personally, I find that almost a more impressive view.  Alas, the bell does not ring, but the souvenir vendors of Philadelphia have done an amazing job on creating tiny ones that do and bear a remarkable resemblance to the original.
"take a tour as without knowing history, it's just a building...!!" -
its walking distance from liberty bell. Liberty bell-Independence hall- National constitution centre- US MINT -Franklin court, all are nearby. 
it is the place where both the United States Declaration of Independence and the United States Constitution were debated and adopted. It is now the centrepiece of the Independence National Historical Park in Philadelphia.
It is listed as a World Heritage Site. We took a guided tour and it has its own importance. they wear history attire and make you feel like you are witnessing the history. It's fun when you indulge in their hurrah, bizarre. 
there is special benches and designated guy are there to tell you stories.
We came here initially during a prime time on a weekend and the wait to get inside was nearly an hour. Came back on a weekday morning and walked right in. It is FREE, first come first served, with metal detectors, and masks required. Once inside there are lot of informational boards and exhibits to get your history game on.

The last thing is the bell of course, and there was only a certain number of people let in the area of the bell at any given time. Honestly, this made it better. You could get a decent picture and not have tons of people in the background. I would say you could spend an hour here max as we were there about 15 minutes and did not read most of the information as we had little kids with us.
Tips: 
- Go early to avoid longer lines. I went 30 minutes prior to opening and literally watched it go from 7ish people to nearly 50+ within a span of 5 minutes (a tour group strolled in line). Luckily, I saw the pending herd and jumped in line just in time to not be behind the tour group. 

- The security line moves fairly quickly since there's 2 scanners. 

- The Liberty Bell is free to view and there's plenty to read while you wait but as I said the outdoor line can form quickly. There's a donation box just as you exit.

- Logistically speaking, once you exit the Liberty Bell building you'll be steps away from Independence Hall. So, my suggestion is to stop at the visitor center BEFORE getting in the Liberty Bell line for the free 30-minute tour tickets to Independence Hall. That way you're not back tracking a block and you might end up with an earlier tour time for Independence Hall. I wish I did this myself so I'm sharing this tip for others. You're welcome :)

- You can easily frame your Liberty Bell picture with Independence Hall in the background :) 

- IMO, this is a must visit for any age - after all, it's a part of our nation's history!
Compared to other historic sights in Washington DC with waiting lists, lines, and millions of tourists... The Liberty Bell is NOT one of those obnoxious places to visit.

Literally this is part of my "Here are the Top 5 Things to see in Philadelphia Tour"

90% of the time you can do this in 20 minutes and be on your way to the bar.

Sadly, I don't love all the historic museum stuff at the beginning of the museum... I just say head STRAIGHT to the back.  Jump in front of all the tourists wanting to take a photo, they won't even know what hit them.
I do, I feel terrible giving Liberty anything less than five stars, but visitors deserve to be prepared for what the locals already know and will tell you: the center is set up to make the viewing of the Bell suck.

When we arrived, we went straight up to the main entrance which was protected by a festively plump guard who instructed us to go around. Around what? Around the rope set up to maintain order among the throngs of visitors, namely me, my dad, and my boyfriend.

Once inside, we were asked for our bags by one of three security guards chatting to each other, but we weren't carrying anything, so we were asked to open our coats.

If anyone in the federal tourism department (probably it has another name) is reading this, please realize that when we walk in what we want to see is the freaking Liberty Bell. Not plaques, portraits, or sketches. Not tacky videos about the Bell played in rooms that look like barnyards. Not table lamps shaped like the Bell or trinkets made out of the metal shaving from the Bell. Just give us the freaking Bell.

So, after seeing everything the museum has to offer, you get to the Bell. She's hanging there, in all her cracked glory, for you to view and be photographed with and try your darnedest to feel inspired by. Taking the national symbol for what it means to be American and putting it in a sterile room under the semi-watchful eye of a rent-a-cop... well, don't let the symbolism pass you by.

Entirely anti-climactic. As you exit, though, cross the street to the food cart in front of the bank and order a Philly cheesesteak, which also has some kind of crack in it. 

USA #1!!!
I've been before and there is a long line that moved fairly quickly. You have to go through security bag check. 
Once inside, it's a fairly small space. 
You can  read about the Liberty Bell and understand its significance. 
What it means in our history. It's nice to see so many faces excited to visit and take pics with this iconic representation of freedom. 
**It's also very nice that it's free of charge!

My Japanese students wanted to see the Liberty Bell and the Rocky Steps. This is what America is all about, no?! ((Teehee))
this was one of the stops my west coast friend wanted to check out so we trekked out here on a friday afternoon. it was a beautiful day, so there were quite a lot of people roaming around. 

there was a band playing some star wars songs, which was weird but also cool. dogs, kids, and grown ups enjoying the sun at the park. it was nice. 

anyways, there's apparently a huge line to actually go in and see the liberty bell, but luckily it moves quickly. what i didn't expect was the tight security...i felt like i was checking in with the tsa at the airport. you have to get your bags checked in one of those xray thing-a-ma-jiggies. once you're inside, there are different spots, exhibiting facts about the bell and its history. 

this is def a tourist spot so be prepared to run into large groups of tourists wanting to take pictures with everything. as far as the bell goes, it's a lot smaller than i thought it'd be but still very cool. people surrounding the bell, waiting to take pictures with it are usually polite and patient to take their turns. i have to admit that i was surprised about that also.

it's free so if it's your kind of thang, make your way out there to visit.
The Liberty Bell Center is always worth a visit, even if one were not too interested in history. This iconic bell is so entwined with the American identity that it really should be seen in person if one were in the area.

I first visited the Liberty Bell in 2001 when it was just in an unassuming little building. Fast forward thirteen years, and it is now fancier and made more interesting by the other displays that a visitor can browse while waiting for their turn to admire the bell and its crack.

The best part? It is free! I highly recommend the Liberty Bell Center when in Philadelphia.
Compared to how the Liberty Bell used to be in downtown Philly, the current set-up is a hundred times more better!  Way back in the day of school field trips, the Liberty Bell was located outside in a glass enclosure.  As a kid, it was kind of cool and I went there nearly every year.  However, Hubs and I were in town for just 24 hours in Philadelphia and we figured we would check out the Liberty Bell since it was free, he had never been, and since we both work in education, we felt almost compelled to do so.

Now, I know what you're thinking ... it's not like the LIberty Bell has exactly changed since I was last there sporting my Reebok high-top sneaks, Jordache jeans, and a Walkman with a NKOB cassette.  Well, you are correct.

But from a glass enclosure to a full exhibit is certainly 5-stars above what it used to be.  Yes, there is a line to get in.  But it's free and you won't be disappointed.  Once you finally make it through the line, there is a form of (laughable) security and then you're free to wander about the Bell.  There is a walking tour that explains the history of the bell, the significance, how it was made, where it's been and that infamous crack in it.

So once you finally get to the Bell, it is rather anticlimatic as it's not like the heavens will open up and you'll hear the bells of the heavens in the background (think of Clark Griswold seeing the Grand Canyon in "National Lampoon's Vacation").  But it is a really cool piece of history that has been well preserved and maintained.  It is free and worth the 20 minute wait in line.
The entry is to the north of the building, where you undergo a bag check, then walk through the building learning about the casting, recasting, fix/breaking of the bell, with video and audio describing how the bell has been used as a symbol in many movements, from the Independence to to the civil rights and women's suffrage movements.

The bell itself is not within touching reach, but roped off at the very end with the crack right there... interesting how the spider works, and with one huge glass wall, you can see in daylight the bell in all her glory.

Completely free. Building donated partially by the Annenbergs, I believe.

Apparently the building stands where George Washington used to have his stables and house the Presidential slaves back in the day.
I do love history and it was cool seeing the Liberty Bell. I have gone to Philly several times without seeing the bell because the lines were too long. On a weekend trip to Philly a couple of years ago we got to see the bell up close very early in the AM. I was glad we got to see it up close without having to wait in a 2 hour line. It was satisfying to check it off of the historical sites to see in Philadelphia :)
I can still recall the old building that the liberty bell was housed.  This "new" building (which I say loosely since it's been around for quite a while) is actually very nice.  It's great how it is designed to see Independence Hall from where you view the bell.

Going here every year for a field trip in elementary school growing up, I basically wanna say, "what else is there to say? it's a bell." which is pretty much how it is.  You go, you walk, you wait in line, you walk, and you stand... and look at the bell...

But it is a good place to visit if you've never been.
Liberty bell has been on my bucket list for some time. I had the opportunity to go see it. When I got there I was like ah man long line. How much is it. It turns out the line was moving fast, and it was free to get in and see it. I like that they kept it small and to the point. They gave you history on the bell itself, the crack the whole thing. I was glad to see it up close along and take pictures.
I'm actually surprised that food stalls in Reading Terminal Market have 3x the amount of reviews the Liberty Bell does. This review isn't going to be long and winded like most of mine are. The Liberty Bell is iconic and most people are aware of that without me spending a lot of time stating so.

I will say, the museum they have attached to the bell itself is interesting and I appreciate the intense security. After all, this bell cracks on its own; we don't need anyone assisting in that! The security line wasn't long at all since we went mid-day Wednesday. I'm not sure I'd have the patience to see it during the weekend when the security line is 30+ minutes. I also like that admission is free; between that and the minimal fee to get into Independence Hall, you can spend a lot of time visiting important sights in Philadelphia and it won't break the bank.

The Liberty Bell isn't something you need to see over and over again, but if you're in Philadelphia you should definitely take time out of your day to see it at least once.
Very in-depth, very informative; we were lucky to arrive at a time without much of a crowd.  Like other National Park Services locations, you must pass through security, which is not too much to ask.  The hall where the bell is displayed is impressive; and, worthy of such a noted artifact.  The NPS personnel are helpful but not overly friendly.  We were very much impressed with the new display.
* History!
* Interesting exhibition!
* It's free!

The liberty bell solidly falls on my "things to take people in town to" because it gives them a solid answer to "So, what'd you do in Philadelphia?" and of course, I'm not out any cash money for taking them. 

The exhibit leading up to the bell is quite interesting, actually, and you just go at your own pace. Of course, during spring break or the summer months, you have to be careful of the crowd, but just like certain popular sandwich joints, it's not hard to find a time without a line, and even then, the line always moves quickly. 

You will be "searched" (they have to poke into your bag if you have one, so shadyness), just be aware. No tickets needed ahead of time, just show up and line up/go in!
On the Liberty Bell, a message reads "Proclaim Liberty Throughout All the Land Unto All the Inhabitants thereof" which is from the bible, Leviticus chapter 25, verse 10. This bell was actually originally called the State House Bell or the Province Bell. It wasn't until the late 1830's, it was renamed the Liberty Bell during the anti slavery movement (let freedom ring!). The Liberty Bell also is a symbol of American Independence. 

The crack on the bell is from the metal being too brittle and had to remade twice (melted down and reformed). The crack is very prominent on the front side when you arrive here at the Liberty Bell Center.

It is free to view, visitors must line outside and go through a TSA like bag check. Only sealed bottled beverages are allowed. Open drinks and food will need to be discarded. There is some reading available on the history of the bell and its symbolism before heading the bell. However, because my husband and I came here 5 minutes before they closed (we caught one of the last tours at the Independence Hall across the street, which is also free to attend), we just rushed over to the bell to view it and take photos. Afterwards, we were told by one of the state employees that we were not allowed to walk back to view the boards. But according to my fellow Yelp member reviews, you are able to walk back if you come during regular hours, not so close to closing. 

Coming this late to view the bell, we were still able to get some photos that was mostly people free. But it seems like if you come around opening, you may be able to get some great people free shots of and with the bell. 

Definitely worth a visit if you are plan on doing the whole historical tourist attraction during your trip.
This is for sure a must see for first time Philly visitors. You can super up close and personal with the bell, take as many pictures as you want and all for free. This is unheard of for monumental historical places! It will take you as little as 5 minutes or as much as 30-45 if you want to walk through the center areas reading all the history behind the bell, its making, preservation, ect. 

You do have to go through security here to get in similar to an Airport so don't be stupid and bring in alcohol, sharp things, weapons ect, because they will be taken and you won't get them back.
It's the damn Liberty Bell - automatic 5-stars, yo.

It's free.  (And there's going to be a long line to get in.)

All the history and trivia as you walk towards the actual bell is moving and inspiring.

Minor quibble - the park ranger constantly moving in front of the Bell to field questions and goofing up all of our attempts to get a quality picture.

Personal favorite moment - my younger twin (by a minute!) setting off the alarm at the security checkpoint and the guard was all business and my boy had to empty his pockets to show his 'contraband' of Pop-Rocks and Tic-Tacs.  (I'm pretty sure he was scared straight for life after that moment.)
It's the Liberty Bell. How can you not give it five stars? Of course, I was there on a Tuesday afternoon, and it was relatively quiet so we did not have to wait very long to see it. We did have to go through security, which I actually appreciated, as this is a significant piece of Americana that needs to be protected and preserved. If you are in the downtown Philadelphia area, I highly recommend that you take time to see this at least once in your life. And it is only a few blocks further to go see the Declaration of Independence.
It wasn't the easiest to locate by foot and we had to reset it 3 times to find it and ended appearing to use the street markers to get us to the mall.

The line to get in is over an hour long. There's a guy on a bicycle telling us to go check out some guy that looks like smoky the bear. 

You can see the glimpse of the Liberty Bell from the window. There's a guard watching over the bell people approaching and take pictures of the famous crack. 

As we only have another hour here in the city, we can't waste our precious hour waiting in line to get inside to go look at the cracked bell. Will have to be another time when we have more time here in the city.
Boring to visit the bell but worth doing anyway since it has a place in our countries history. See this only after you have visited more interesting local historical sites.
