Words can't describe the awesomeness of this tour. This was one of the best tours I've ever taken. This is a cool experience for Philadelphia Eagles and NFL fans in general. If you want the NFL behind the scenes experience, look no further. This tour gives you a firsthand experience of how things work at the stadium. The tour takes place during the week not on game day. Our tour guide Chris was very knowledgeable and friendly. As a Washington Redskins fan, I wish the organization did a stadium tour like Lincoln Financial Field Tours. The Lincoln Financial Field Tours deserves this 5 star rating (Round Of Applause). * All NFL teams should do stadium tours for the fans *
My friend that lives in the U.K. near London and his son came over for the recent Cowboys/Eagles match. They asked if we could do a stadium tour so I went to the Eagles web page and found the information about the Linc stadium tour.

I booked 3 tickets on line for the Friday before the game. The price was very reasonable, $10.00 per person plus a small handling fee. I think this was about $2.00. This was especially a good deal because parking was also included, right in front of the North Gate entrance. Our tour started at 2:00 PM.

I was really surprised how good this tour was. Our guide Dontee did a great job and he was very informative. We met in the Pro Shop and went over a few rules and reviewed a little history of the Eagles and the stadium. We learned about the Eagles commitment to a "green" stadium and how almost everything is recycled including the cooking oils. We visited the post game interview room, the press box, the broadcast booth, the Eagles locker room and a luxury suite. The really cool part was were taken down on the field and permitted to walk along the sidelines. We also ran out onto the sidelines from from the gate as the Eagles do. Sadly, we didn't have any smoke or fireworks but it was still loads of fun. We were encouraged to take pictures at all times.

The tour was about one and one half hours and like a Disney ride ended up back at the Pro shop. That was great as it gave us time to look around and my friend bought a jersey. I highly recommend this tour, it is fun, informative and a great value for the money. Tickets must be purchased in advance. There were about 15 people in our group.
This tour lived up to my lofty expectations and then some.  Our tour guide, Andre, was phenomenal!   Because there was a preseason game being played the next day, the locker room was going to close shortly after our tour started.  Andre made sure to start the tour in the locker room.  I felt like a kid once I stepped into the locker room.  From there we saw the press box, the post-game interview room, various high-roller suites, the broadcast booth, and the grand finale was being able to step onto the perimeter of the playing field.  The music was pumping and had me feeling like I was an NFL player, ready for kickoff.  Andre took time to thoroughly explain all aspects of the Linc.  I highly recommend this tour to any football fan and I HIGHLY recommend this to a lifelong Eagles fan, like myself!  

E-A-G-L-E-S...Eagles!!!!
I took my sons (16 & 12) on a tour and our tour guide, Zach, did not disappoint! So professional and informative! We loved all of the fun facts he told us and the tour involved the press box, locker room, tunnel with music, Lombardi trophy and much more! We really enjoyed everything and would recommend to any Eagles fan! Fly eagles fly! Now give Zach a raise!
This was the best tour I have ever taken! My husband is an Eagles fan, so he was in heaven! The tour gives you full access to the players locker room, field, press room and much more! The tour started promptly on time and was just phenomenal! Andre, our tour guide was amazing! He gave us information on the stadium, as well as the different teams who use the stadium. The fee for the tour is very reasonable and at the end of the tour, you even get an Eagles magnet. Would definitely recommend anyone interested in purchasing tickets and going to the tour!
Great stadium for the Eagles to play in. Seats are comfy and the beer is expensive. $10.00 for a beer. Typical expensive eats for any stadium. Can't take any bags in even for woman. Purses cant be much bigger than a couple packs of cigarettes.
Respect and props to our tour guide Andre... He was amazing! He is obviously still excited about the stadium and that just made the tour that much better. The locker room, press box, and must of all, THE TUNNEL! Super cool and loved all the fun facts Andre gave us along the way. Best $10 we ever spent! FLY EAGLES FLY!
I bought this tour for my boyfriend for valentines day who is a huge Eagles fan. He said the tour exceeded his expectations! I loved the tour as well and I am not even a football fan. Our tour guide James was so kind and had great knowledge of the stadium. We had ample time to spend in the locker room, media room, and on the field to enjoy and take pictures. Would definitely recommend the tour and James as the tour guide!
