Lovely area with beautiful fountain. There are an library across the street and a few museums in that area, all walking distance. Love the architectures there. Definitely historic area. 

If you are on hop-on hop-off tour bus, there is stop at this location.
The idea for an urban park that eventually became Logan Square goes way back to William Penn's 1682 vision of what Philadelphia should look like.

The park is dominated by the gorgeous Swann Fountain with statues and spraying water everywhere you look.

I saw three bronze statues in the middle of the upper fountain, one for each of the three major local waterways: the Delaware, the Schuylkill, and the Wissahickon Rivers.

The lower fountain has frogs and turtles shooting majestic streams of water high into the air.

We saw a lot of kiddies splashing around in the fountain and we also saw a lot of vagrants sleeping on the many benches that are spread throughout the park.
Logan Circle, also known as Logan Square, is a public park located in the center of the Logan Square neighborhood (yes, same name) in Philadelphia. It's managed by the city's Parks & Rec department. This is a great sightseeing spot in Philly. I recommend it. The views are beautiful.

Some quick Q&A:

1. Why is it called Logan Circle?

Because it serves as a major traffic circle for Benjamin Franklin Parkway (https://www.yelp.com/biz/ben-franklin-parkway-philadelphia), connecting it to North 19th Street, Vine Street, and Race Street.

2. Why is it called Logan Square?

Because it was one of five squares originally planned for the city in 1864 by William Penn, founder of Pennsylvania.

3. Who is the circle/square named after?

James Logan, 14th mayor of Philadelphia.

Logan Circle is actually surrounded by three other parks: Aviator Park, Sister Cities Park, and Shakespeare Park (small). Combined, the land area for these four parks, including the roads (Benjamin Franklin Parkway is wide and scenic) is about four city blocks. So for a city park, it's not huge, but not small neither.

The highlight of Logan Circle is a large fountain in the center called the Swann Memorial Fountain: https://www.yelp.com/biz/swann-memorial-fountain-philadelphia-2. We visited on a bright and sunny Sunday afternoon and the park was filled with people, both locals and tourists. Even though there were signs that said no swimming in the fountain, I can't tell you how many kids I saw swimming and playing in the fountain. A lot. It almost looked more like a pool or water park than a historic fountain.

Logan Circle is centrally-located between Philadelphia City Hall and the Philadelphia Museum of Art (Rocky Steps: https://www.yelp.com/biz/rocky-steps-philadelphia). Benjamin Franklin Parkway connects all of it. If you've never been to Philly before and want to sight-see, I think walking the parkway between city hall and the museum is a must. Including the aforementioned adjacent parks, Logan Circle is surrounded by sights and attractions including the Franklin Institute, the Academy of Natural Sciences of Drexel University, and the Cathedral Basilica of Saints Peter and Paul.

Note: At the time of writing this review, there's another Yelp listing for Logan Circle. It's called Logan Square Park: https://www.yelp.com/biz/logan-square-park-philadelphia. Technically, the two listings should be merged, but the Yelp moderators disagree.
Logan Circle (which is also known as Northwest Square) is part of the Benjamin Franklin Parkway.  It took it's place on the Historic Places National Registry in 1981.  The standout feature here is A.S. Calder's Swann Memorial Fountain.

Featuring statues of well-known Native Americans, the three fountain streams each represent one of the City of Brotherly Love's three rivers - the Wissahickon, the Delaware, and the Schuylkill.  A French architect did the design, and it's said to have been inspired by Paris' Place de la Concorde.

This is beautiful place to stop for a photo-op, especially on sunny days :-)
This is easily the most beautiful fountain in all of Philadelphia. It was built as a joint effort between Alexander Stirling Calder and Wilson Eyre to memorialize the founder of the Philadelphia Fountain Society. 
Adapting the tradition of "river god" sculpture, Calder created large Native American figures to symbolize the area's major local waterways: the Delaware River (a man), the Schuylkill River (a woman) and Wissahickon Creek (a girl). 
There are also several sculptures of frogs, turtles, and swans to be seen inside the fountain. the square is located in between places like The Franklin Institute, The Free Library, and The Academy Of Natural Sciences. So it is the perfect place to stop and rest after a long day of sightseeing.
I went here on a day where it was over 100 degrees.  The fountain could have been filled with bum pee, the blood of the innocent, or hydrochloric acid - at that temperature - I could give a shit.

I do know that the city does chlorinate the water (you can smell it), and the city does not turn people away.  I think that's fantastic.

Pull the stick out of your backside, jump in, and have some fun.
What a beautiful fountain!  I had a lovely view of the square (it's a circle, but it's called a square.  Silly Philadelphians) and Swann Fountain from my hotel room balcony and resisted the urge to climb into the fountain till my third day in Philly.  

Philly is full of fountains and sculptures and this one is at the top of the list in my opinion.  It's beautiful without being too much. Well done.
this fountain is so intricately carved and constructed, it is simply beautiful when the water is flowing. i would have liked to see the scupltures when they were originally built because i am sure the fountain was once in pristine condition.
This is my favorite spot in Philly. The fountain is the best, which by default I have been calling it "Turtle Fountain" (even though it's called Swann Fountain). Even though a million people run through it & probably pee in it every day, it's the most relaxing feeling when you dip your feet into the cool fountain waters. It's always a treat when the sprayers are on and the waterworks sculpture is in full force. Make sure to come on a sunny day to see a very active & playful amount of people having a fun time hanging out. And you can't beat the view of the Art Museum, City Hall, and the Ben Franklin Parkway.
It's a shame the majestic Elm Trees had to be chopped down due to Dutch Elm disease - but the PHC (Penn. Horticultural Sociaty) is replanting Logan circle.

I only wish they could depose the homeless people in a humane way.

A gorgeous fountian - but people literally bathe in it.  Yick!
I gotta be careful when my kid & I play here.
When it comes to city planning, Philidelphia got it right. The great rotary, the fountain, the monuments, all add to the beauty that makes Philadelphia what it is. This commitment to open areas and green space is very impressive. 

I only wish we had visited when the fountain was filled, and flowing. This past winter was especially cold and harsh, and we visited in March (so no surprise there). Still a wonderful place to visit.
Potentially the most attractive fountain I've ever seen.  Full of people given the 90+ degree temperatures during my visit...."no swimming" signs be damned.

Great location near the art museum and featuring gorgeous architecture - a must see for any Philly visitor.
Side note: Why don't people check to see if there's already a Yelp page before adding a business. Always do better Yelpers!

I present to you my Logan Square Park Review:

As we continued our Friday afternoon/evening walk around the city... the next place we stopped was Logan Square Park. 

To begin in Philly, I wanted to see if it was always Sunny(See It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia). I know I know... locals are probably rolling their eyes at me right now. To add to the sunny was this park. The opening theme music for Sunny has a shot of this park so naturally I had to visit this park at some point. 

This park is beautiful. There's not much to it and that's why I like it. It has a fountain, several benches, a few trees, and some history. It's one of the original 5 squares that started Philly. The others being Franklin, Rittenhouse, and Washington. The fifth one is where city hall is now... also amazing.

Other reviews complain of the homeless. We didn't have that issue around the 6-7ish PM timeframe. I expected slim to moderate panhandlers while being in Philly. We weren't bothered at all. There was a time or two where we were asked for money but those folks were asking as we walked by. They didn't leave their bench or anything.

If you want a starting point for your Philly trip then visit Logan Square Park. There are so many museums close by... take your pick.
Gorgeous - but it's a shame that there are just so many homeless around - and dogs pee in it.

Meanwhile, it's a treasure - and now that PHS (PA Horticultural Society) is re-planting the elm trees (they died), it will be even more special.

A Philadelphia landmark.
after walking from chinatown in the wee hours of the morning with a group of friends last year, we couldnt resist jumping around in the fountain to take a few pictures. fond memories... cute area.
"Is there anything more beautiful than a beautiful, beautiful flamingo, flying across in front of a beautiful sunset? And he's carrying a beautiful rose in his beak, and also he's carrying a very beautiful painting with his feet. And also, you're drunk." - Jack Handey

This is how I feel whenever I go to the Swann Fountain. It makes me smile. It makes Logan Square the best of the 5 squares: the others being Rittenhouse, City Hall (Centre), Franklin and Washington,.
Logan square is near the Franklin institute, the free library, the academy of natural science, Moore college of art and design and many other stops that people would like to explore. It is nice for taking pictures, not much more about it, but at least it's walking distance to all these amazing things surrounding the square.
We stopped at the park on our looooong walk on our first afternoon in Philly. Brad G is a fan of "It's Always Sunny..." and apparently this park and fountain is in the opening credits, so it was on our list of must-sees.

I am slightly baffled by the proliferation of parks/squares/public spaces in the middle of roundabouts and what appear to major thoroughfares. But I enjoy it! It is a nice use of space and an opportunity for outside community area. I am for it!

The fountain is lovely. There are some benches to cop a squat on and enjoy if the weather is nice. It is absolutely worth a visit!
When this place isn't swarming with screaming project babies, and north Philly Puerto Rican teenagers in tight shorts that would give any woman a nice yeast infection, it's an awesome place to relax and watch the sun set over the Art Museum. Actually from any angle this is a beautiful fountain, especially at night when it's all lit up. Best of all, this is the only fountain in Philly that doesn't smell like two week old urine.  I suggest you have drinks or dinner somewhere nearby with someone you like/love/want to have sex with, and then take a walk over to this fountain.
The scenery is very beautiful and quite relaxing. I've only put my feet in the water but kids seem to have fun.  When you're there, It's easy to forget about the contents of your mind if you're looking to take a break for a few hours.
I just wanted to make sure to note that when walking around town and down BF Parkway towards the museum, this circle is a worthwhile stop to stand and appreciate the beauty of the city and immediately surrounding museums. In addition, this fountain really makes the photos taken on the far end (near the 'LOVE' sculpture) looking towards the museum of art look really gorgeous! 

Many homeless people seem to sleep on these benches at night, just FYI.
You can't beat the photo opportunities at Logan Circle, as evidenced by the multitudes of wedding parties constantly dragging their photographers here. There must be something about having a huge fountain in the middle of the city that gets people excited. I only recently managed to get my own touristy Logan Circle picture here last weekend, and I was very pleased to have finally achieved this feat.

It's a surprising oasis of serenity inside an extremely busy traffic circle and a welcome green spot in the center of the Benjamin Franklin Parkway. Definitely worth a few pictures if you're in the area.
Logan Circle is an enjoyable place to relax in the middle of the city.  There's a fountain in summer that makes it feel cooler. When the breeze blows, you can feel the spray from the fountain. You can also put your feet in the fountain to cool off. The fountain is surrounded by well maintained grounds with flowers, grass and trees. There's a gravel circle around the fountain with benches. The landscapes areas are behind the gravel path so it's not muddy. The fountain has titles and frogs that kids love to climb on with or without water! The middle of the fountain has a bigger statue that represents the rivers in the area. 
There are nice views of the Parkway and its museums and the library. It's a nice place to take a break!
What a beautiful park! It was so refreshing to walk by, on the hot day that I went on. I absolutely loved the fountain and display.
There were a lot of people and kids playing in the fountain, which was really great to see. I appreciated the details in the statues and loved the water. Surrounding the fountain is a small park and then various businesses and food vendors. It's a fairly quick walk from LOVE Park and easily seen.
This is a great place to hang out, chill out, family hang out, casual date, to read, people watch, or to enjoy the fountain!
This is one of my favorite fountains in philly...only thing that ruins it is of course some people using it as their pool when it's clearly marked "no swimming".  Then again that's the norm around here.  Hot day = adults/kids in fountains.  Not sure how sanitary that is but the fountain itself is nice to look at.

Add the view down the parkway leading to the art museum with all the of flags...and the other way of city hall and love park...you can't beat it.
Plus this is right next to the four seasons and what the famous fountain restaurant is named for...
