A brief exchange with a mumbling homeless man really defined my experience here.

"Come here, my Spanish garden. Take off your shirt," he waxed poetically.

I'm pretty sure he meant: "come, stay a while, take off your shoes." 

Anyway, I was in a dress and how he knew I was a Spanish garden, I'll never know.
This is a charming little park in the Gayborhood neighborhood featuring a bike rental station, several benches and what appears to be live music throughout the warmer months. During my short visit, I was able to soak in the blooming daffodils and the cozy feel of this small corner park tucked away in downtown Philly. The surrounding area features an Abby dance of cafes and antique shops.
It's on the small side, especially for a Philadelphia park. but even though it's located on the corner of 11th and Pine, it almost feels like your stepping away from Center City for awhile. it can be very serene sometimes, especially if you stand by the small waterfall.
Kahn Park also has the occasional good free concert event going on throughout the summer.
The only flaw to this beautiful park is that a few bums do like to call it a resting place at night. so it isn't the best place to go for a getaway after hours. but it's great for every other occasion.
Came by here to volunteer/help clean up the park for the Philly LOVE your park service day.

Tbh it's a very quaint park. Just benches and trees, but it's really nice to just sit and take in the scene. (Tbh, I can see why many homeless people would sit and sleep here... it's literally benches/tables and trees. Probably has the least traffic and is "out of the way", compared to sleeping on sidewalks or something, *sad face*). When I came by, there wasn't anyone... but dogs and their hoomans pass through often!! I would love to swing by a coffee shop (Greenstreet and Good Karma are both a block away) and just sit and chat with a friend, given the weather allows. Glad Philly has little parks/corners like these amongst the midst of center city.
I'm surprised there's so little love for this nifty and unassuming park.

It doesn't have the historic cachet of Washington square, or the tony vibe of Rittenhouse, but it's a nice space to sit down for lunch or enjoy an ice cream cone.  The paving stones (rather than grass) give Kahn a distinctly urban vibe, but the surrounding garden is lushly maintained.  Furthermore, neighborhood groups (especially the Wash West Civic Association) put a lot of effort into hosting community events here.  Nothing fancy - little concerts, kids' Halloween parties, meet n' greets with the local police force - that sort of thing.

It's true that a strong "sketch" factor emerges in the lat night hours so, like with most parks, Louis I. Kahn is best enjoyed by daylight.
It's pretty small and there are lots of homeless who gather here - but when they have an event it can be very nice on a warm summer evening.  Philly needs its green spaces - so I am glad its here - I just wish we could help our homeless community more.

My 5 y.o. is frightened by many of them.
It's pretty sad to say it but This park has been overtaken by more and more dregs of society. The last couple of times that I've passed by I've seen random trash and shoes strewn about the park benches. And the last time some friends and I actually tried to stop in and enjoy a parklife conversation it was cut short by a guy nodding off on I know not what the crap he took.

Despite this it can be a relaxing park to enjoy every now and again. But it's best savored before the hour of 5pm.
Walking home from nowhere, I chanced upon the Hoppin' John Orchestra (formerly the Black Eyed Peas Brass Band, they changed their name to avoid any confusion with a similarly named lesser known ensemble) playing an evening concert in Kahn Park. Billed as a "Postmodern" brass band, I don't think they quite lived up to their billing. Thoroughly modern? Perhaps. PoMo? No. While certainly capable musicians, I found them a little too polished for my taste and a slight bit overamplified. 
(A note to musicians: If in doubt, turn down a wee smidge.)

Most people in attendance seemed to be having a good time. One of the park regulars was attempting to sleep through the concert. Some of the revelers were, what I took to be, making attempts to dance to the music.
(Waltzing on the banks of the Danube this ain't.) Overall, a somewhat pleasant and mildly enjoyable time.

My favorite moment occurred when a sketchy "gentleman" who was passing by yelled "Shut up! You suck!" at the pre-recorded music they were playing between sets. That about sums up how I still feel about Kahn Park.

(Sorry, it was too dark to get a good look at the flowers. If there even were any. So, this is not a flower-based update.)
I like that they have two or three tables where you can eat lunch, or play a game, or write a poem.

There are quite a few homeless ones there, but no more than other places.  Everyone has the right to enjoy the park!

I did catch one guy trying to crush my head (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1pKXMcfx1d8) ...but it didn't get me too down...  only a little.

The best thing to do is bring your lunch here, or your chess board.  It's a very quiet park :)
I really enjoy this lovely little urban square park!  It's conveniently located in the Gayborhood/Washington Square.  I often come here to sit and relax, especially if I am tired from a dog walk, bonus, dogs who are well behaved- meaning who are curbed and don't pee or poop in the park are welcome which is very nice!  They have nice benches, beautiful greenery and some flowers to look at.  It's a rather shaded area so it usually stays rather cool which is nice!  It would be a good idea for me to bring a book or my knitting and relax here.  I can also bring lunch or a snack at one of the tables here as long as I clean up after myself which I always do.  The rules of the park are very simple!  It's a lovely little place which I really enjoy!
The negative comments others have left about this park are sadly true. On a positive note, sometimes they have events here which is nice. 

Life music, food trucks, etc. the past two years they've had a 'witches and woods' event with a puppy adoption place- sweet little Halloween event.
I'm pretty sure Louis I. Kahn would be rolling in his grave if he knew this poorly designed park were named after him.
This city park is for those that have never been to it, a little oasis in what is called the Antique Row. In it, you can sit at your leisure while reading, writing and listening to birds singing in the trees,and the soothing fountain.

There is a group of people that voluntarily dedicate their time to take care of this space, organizing different events throughout the year to raise funds that allow to keep up with the park's maintenance.

If you want to learn more about the park, who Louis I. Kahn was, or want to get involved , visit www.kahnpark.org, there  you can also make a donation, or become a volunteer.

Philadelphia is a wonderful place and this little corner makes it even more special!
This is a nice spot to relax in Philly in theory.  

It is in a nice part of town, with multiple benches and picnic tables. 

Unfortunately the usual crowd consists of shady homeless people that sleep on the benches, lie on top of the picnic tables, leave trash and rotten food everywhere, and bring their huge shopping carts in the park. 

Last but not least, they use it as a public toilet.  

So go there to relax if you are 1: brave 2: enjoy the smell of old urine 3: want some creepy homeless guys to state at you and your food.
What a shame. This park is in a safe part of the city and should be a place where baby's get walked and couples picnic.

However after 7 Pm this place becomes a haven for drug dealers, homeless, and prostitutes. It is not uncommon to walk by at night and experience the aroma of fresh urine. This place would be great for undercover cops in need of fulfilling their arrest quota.

This place has good foliage and a nice fountain so I can't give it anything lower than 3 stars.
