Can't resist saying "Love is all you need"! On numerous occasions my family has visited the Love Park. I didn't realize it was on Yelp until my Yelp Friend Evan posted to the page recently. I take every opportunity to  show off my photos and reminisce about previous adventures in a Yelp review. 

My daughter ran the Philadelphia Marathon. I had the best time  in Philadelphia the whole weekend. I ran around to all the sites. I always heard that Philadelphia is the city of Brotherly Love, I had to see the sculpture. It's a must see every visit. 

I always thought this sculpture was exclusive to Philadelphia. I have since learned many cities have one. We have ours in NYC. It's on Yelp too! It's great. I don't have to wait to go to Philadelphia to enjoy it. You're Welcome.
A nice park in the heart of downtown Philly. 

Police presence is obvious and that enables visitors to not have to deal with any harassment. I experienced very friendly people who were willing to take your picture under the LOVE statue.

My winter time visit didn't allow to see the water works, but it was still a pleasant visit.
Lots of security Labor Day weekend 2021; I saw at least 7 uniformed policemen in the park on both Saturday and Sunday.  If you want a photo with the famous "LOVE" sign, you will need to wait at least 30 minutes.  People are generally friendly but there are quite a few homeless here, sadly some appear to be strung out and often yell at passersby, but nothing unexpected in a big city.  I love the idea that people still hang out together, albeit outside and not too closely, but humans gathering together in the fresh air and enjoying the sunshine.  I've missed that past couple years and I love it!!
A Philadelphia Landmark! 

After you have loved someone for 5 years and then go back to loving yourself for 3, you have A LOT of love to give even if it's to a park! The Love Park aka JFK Plaza is an expansive park in the center of Downtown Philly and is a popular place for tourist to visit, especially during the holiday time where they have the Christmas tree lighting and the beautiful tall buildings surrounding the Love sign.  

When I was here, I learned the "O" is off center, but there is a reason for that. The designer explains that the reason for the off-centered "O" is because Love is not perfect. Drop the Mic-- enough said! 
I made a point to visit the Love Park to see the LOVE statue and to take lovely photos in front of it. The line of people was not that long, possibly because it was early in the morning. 

In the summertime, there are concerts and outside events that happen in the park. The views of the Benjamin Franklin Parkway and the City Hall from the Love Park is amazing! The Christmas Village is sun for everyone and tourist should definitely visit if they come around the winter time. 

This place is perfect for a photo opportunity. Tourist shouldn't miss out on this!
Not bad, but I wouldn't really call it a park. Its basically just some cement, with a few benches and a LOVE statue that tourists can take selfies at. 

Its an okay spot to sit at if you're passing by or waiting to go to any near by place like court or whatever, but its nothing spectacular. 

A positive to this is that its in the center of pretty much a lot of places downtown which is cool.
Not my first time in Philly but for whatever reason never have come across this park? 
The park itself is a decent space where u can walk around , relax & take pics not a bad area to sit & enjoy a few moments. 
Nice enough that u can relax & take in the sites.  Happy that not a lot of bums / druggies around this park at least none that I notice seems like the city itself is having a bit of a problem with that , sad to see hopefully the city can get some sort of hold on that crisis, this park for the most part was a nice walk through.
Love Park is not so loving!  It's basically a square plot of grass with a Love sculpture and a few benches in downtown Philadelphia!  It's okay if you are in the area and just need a break, but don't plan on visiting and expect a fantastic place.  The sculpture is overrated.  But I guess it's a part of downtown Philadelphia!  I have no intention of going back to visit.  Once is enough!
This is a small park in the downtown area. It's a nice and relaxing area. They have a nice fountain. There aren't many stores for visitors nearby. It's a super small statue. It's recommended on the things to do and I am not sure why. The most exciting thing about the park was this guy who was dressed like Jesus guy who said he was a disciple attempting to preach and recruit people. Apparently love park is where he gives his messages. There are events in the park but they are Monday through Friday only. Why are there no events on the weekend?
I feel like "Love Park" is the heart of Philadelphia. My first time here and I could feel the love. They were hosting a Christmas festival where you can buy food, clothing and holiday trinkets. I feel the best seller was the hot chocolate with a mug. This park was small, but felt large with all the energy at the park. Philadelphia is a wonderful place, is it because of Love Park? Me, I believe it's the people of Philadelphia that make Love Park perfect.
Welp... not really much to see here?! Just a random red sign that says "Love" that all of the tourists like to flock to and take pictures with. The actual park is really more of a parklet that it's sandwiched between city streets and skyscraper buildings within the Penn Center.

When I finally reached this park I was like... "That's it's?!". It's hella tiny with nothing really to see. A couple of tables and benches here and there, the view of the busy city streets but... das it. Das ALL. It feels like more of a rest stop for people who work or live in the area. You know, like a place that you'd take your lunch or a quick little afternoon break.

If you ARE interested in taking some picture of the famous "love" sign, get ready to wait in line for your photo session. Everybody and they mama wants a picture with this sign. I mean, I get it... it's kinda cute. But, do they not know that there are several other credible landmarks within the area that are way more deserving of their pictures?! They probably didn't, but they do now. 

Honestly, it may be worth a visit if you're already in the area. However, I wouldn't go out of my way to visit this park. There are too many other great landmarks that was way more deserving of your time.
How can you not love Love Park? It's really pretty and scenic. The iconic LOVE sign is great for photo ops, and overall the park is well maintained. My only hang up is really the panhandlers who roam in the area trying to catch tourists for extra change. Some of them can be very insistent on taking your photo -- then once you do -- they expect a tip. "I'm good, but thanks. I've got 3 friends here who can take my photo." If you can overcome the pushiness of them, you'll enjoy your visit without being hustled.
Also known as John F. Kennedy Plaza, this open expanse directly northwest of City Hall here in Philadelphia features a replica of Robert Indiana's "LOVE" sculpture.

For most, the sculpture will be the main draw. It's perched atop a trapezoidal pedestal that allows folks to take photos of it and its surroundings while also cropping out duckfaced selfie photobombers at ground level. If you frame your photo correctly, you can see the Philadelphia Museum of Art far in the background, while if you view the sculpture from the rear, City Hall will loom above it.

The plaza itself feels nicely renovated, with lots of seating and greenery that would be inviting in the warmer months. During the winter, however, the lack of sunlight contributes to a cold, barren, windswept feeling - but this is the Northeast, after all.
Love Park would be great save for the numerous homeless and addicts that congregate there.  My little daughter loves the fountain and to run around it and the LOVE statue.  The water in the fountain is seriously gross.  (Probably from said homeless people bething and peeing in it.)

Wish Philly could address these types of problems better.
There seem to be more homeless and addicts here than even in NYC. (At least here they are more visible and aggressive.)
Philly's LOVE Sculpture
Not as large as expected
Like most famous art

The park is bleak
No fountain or skateboarders
But many homeless
Popular Love park~ There are seating area in this park, food cart vendor and the famous LOVE sign. Definitely an Instagram photo spot~ This park is located at a very busy area, near City Hall. In the day time, there are always police patrolling the area so less homeless people sleeping in the park.
I really cant hate on a place called Love Park!! Its very touristy. Love park is located across from city hall in downtown Philly.

Its a place that host many events. I was there for The Christmas Village and it was packed to capacity. 

Love Park is a great place to check out. The Philly trademark Love sign makes for a great photo op!!
The park's official name is actually John F. Kennedy Plaza.  It was designed by Edmund Bacon, a city planner and father of actor Kevin Bacon, which opened in 1965.  The name "Love Park" stems from the infamous "LOVE" sculpture that was placed in the park in 1976 to commemorate our county's bicentennial.  The artist was Robert Indiana (1928-2018) who first debuted the now infamous stacked letters of "LO" on top of the "VE" in 1965 on a Christmas card for the Museum of Modern Art.  The design also graced an 8-cent USPS stamp.

EXPERIENCE:
While the park has official hours, it's never closed off as it's a wide-open city block, so you can take pics with the "LOVE" sign at any time.  There are benches, tables & chairs, water fountains and artificial turf.  A food truck was parked near the seating area, which was a pizza truck when we were there (business rotate).  They also offer free board games and even hold wedding ceremonies.

During the day, the park was full of energy.  At night it quiets down and surprisingly wasn't shady at all.  We got great pics with the LOVE sign both day and night.  There's also a "I heart Philly" sign opposite of the LOVE sign by the fountain.

OVERALL:
Great photo ops and totally free to see!
When you think of Philadelphia, a few images comes to mind:
- Liberty Bell
- Independence Hall
- The Rocky Balboa steps (for some)
- Cheesesteaks
- And the LOVE sculpture.  

My group had limited time to see the touristy stuff, and I made it a point to make this a stop.  One person said the Rocky steps had AMOR, but that's not LOVE (in English).

We came here on a chilly February, and the park was under construction. Our driver dropped us off at the curb of this busy busy area and circled the park.  In front of the LOVE sculpture was a trowel and shovels, and the cops told us the mayor was breaking ground to re-do the park.  It was going to be a media fest at 11 am, but we didn't have time to hang around for an hour.

We got a photo of the iconic statue.  I would give it 5 stars if parking weren't so difficult.
If Philly is the city of brotherly love, then I am the sister of hatred. 

I thought the Love Park was going to be something great. It wasn't and the only warm feelings I got were from the blazing hot sun. I saw the park in the day and in the night and both times disappointed. I heard the fountain was really nice and when I saw it I was like, "What the hell is that?" No, no, no. The fountain at the Love Park was ugly and abrasive. Just water shooting up in the air at a nonsensical height. And the statue? It failed to make an impression on me. 

Love Park, we had two dates but sorry, there will not be a third.
I thought this place would be nicer. I mean it is advertised all over Philly ads and commercials. So one morning in Philly, I get up with the wife to check this "park" out. We walk into basically a homeless convention. The place was abysmal and really dirty. We quickly snapped a shot (because I am a photo snapping fool) and moved on to the next Philly locale.
I was excited to see the LOVE sculpture, so we swung by Love Park after a late-night meal at Morimoto. 

We didn't bother with paid parking because there was a bit of street parking open just in front of the sculpture, and I was just seeking a quick picture. 

That said... while the LOVE sign is iconic and beautiful, it is MUCH smaller than I thought. Not a bad thing, just... expected something bigger? In any case, very cool, and I'm glad I got to see it, but...

The park itself is a bit scary. Definitely an unsavory crowd, if you get my drift. I wasn't comfortable asking anyone in the vicinity to take a pic - I didn't even want to risk getting so close to the sculpture that I couldn't immediately bolt over to and reach the car - so I didn't. And there is virtually no lighting in the park. Nevermind the challenge for a photo - that's just not SAFE. This is a major city and this is actually a major tourist attraction... not sure who thought this one through. 

With all the security around Independence Hall and the like, you think they'd throw a guard over here for the evenings. 

Cool enough and would maybe go back at some point during the day when it's crowded... but for now, the entire experience was just kind of meh. 

Worth seeing, but go during the day! 

PS, as a side note: the parking garage is $11 (we didn't use it but saw the signs for it) and apparently doesn't feel much safer than the park itself.
Visited LOVE park on a recent trip to the city because they were having a Christmas market and if there's one thing I love around the holidays it's a Christmas market. With being a US passport only holder, I like others am trapped here in the states and can't experience a euro Christmas market so I suppose this is the next best thing. Beggers can't be choosers right?

I picked up a couple of really pretty hand blown glass ornaments for my grandma and me.

I decided I might as well visit the LOVE sign but I'll admit I've seen these before in other cities so it's nothing mind blowing for me. I really prefer the AMOR sign to the LOVE sign and I stayed near another xoxo sign and if there's one thing I'm not it's an xoxo type of girl so I didn't bother even taking a pic of this one.

Signed,

xxoo and amor 
type of girl

Go check out Love park, great views and the Christmas market makes the pandemic feel a little less pandemic'y
The "LOVE on the Move" parade kicked of the reinstallation of the LOVE statue today. The park has undergone many renovations to produce a redesigned park. Renovations including a new water installation, concession areas, and a green space. The statue itself, got a new pedestal and paint job. 

The original colors of the statue were green, red and blue. However, the true colors were supposed to be green, red and purple, which is what it has recently been restored to. I still say its more of a periwinkle now. 

Most of the reconstruction won't be seen, by many, until the warmer months so keep an eye out as they are revealed.
We were meeting a friend outside Philadelphia City Hall (https://www.yelp.com/biz/city-hall-philadelphia). On our way to City Hall, we happened to pass through Love Park, an urban park that takes up one city block adjacent to City Hall. It's nice. When we visited around 7:40pm on a Sunday, it was clean, spacious, and not crowded.

There was a big "I [heart] Philly" sign with City Hall serving as the ideal backdrop. It was perfect for tourists like us to take a picture with. This place isn't called Love Park because of that sign though. The park got its name from the popular red-colored "Love" sculpture on the other side of the park, closer to City Hall. This is the same Love sculpture that's on display in other cities like London, New York, and San Francisco. The original sculpture is inside the Indianapolis Museum of Art.

Unlike other cities, Philly's Love sculpture is propped up high so you can stand and pose for a shot underneath it (as opposed to in front or beside it). The park serves as the southern endpoint for Benjamin Franklin Parkway (https://www.yelp.com/biz/ben-franklin-parkway-philadelphia), a wide one-mile-long street worth walking if you've never been to Philly before. If you look north (technically, northwest) up the parkway, you can see Logan Square (https://www.yelp.com/biz/logan-circle-philadelphia-2) and the Philadelphia Museum of Art (https://www.yelp.com/biz/philadelphia-museum-of-art-philadelphia) with its famous Rocky Steps (https://www.yelp.com/biz/rocky-steps-philadelphia). It's a cool visual.

The park must have been renovated relatively recently because pictures I've seen of it on Yelp show a fountain which no longer exists. Instead, there's now a big splash pad. Dilworth Park (https://www.yelp.com/biz/dilworth-park-philadelphia-9), one block over, has one too. Kids were having a blast in both. Around Love Park's splash pad are several red lounge chairs. A nearby gravel space has umbrella-covered red tables with additional seating including tree-shaded benches. There's a lot of green space, but perhaps almost equally, a lot of concrete, gravel, and brick. The trees and benches in the brickyard on the southeast end of the square are nice touches. A modern-looking glass building on the northeast side serves as an entrance/exit to an underground parking garage.

This park is also known as John F Kennedy Plaza.

Fun fact: Love Park was designed by Philadelphia city planner Edmund Bacon, father of Kevin Bacon.
Love Park, named after Robert Indiana's iconic LOVE statue, can be found in downtown. It is a small structure but still makes for a great photo while you are playing tourist in the city of brotherly love. 

Also currently there is the I heart Philly structure, that is on the opposite side of this LOVE sculpture (by the fountain). Also makes for a great keepsake photo for your travels and memories. 

One thing that I did find interesting about this park, is that twice a month, on Wednesdays, you can get married at the LOVE sculpture. The fee is very cheap and makes for a very special ceremony. However, only 12 couples are able to sign up each month for this special wedded bliss. 

Being in this part of Philly has plenty of other great art installations/ structures worth checking out and makes for some photo worthy moments.
All the charms of a city "park", right here. Then again, I don't really see it as a park as much as a "rest stop" minus the public restrooms. Rittenhouse Square is a park. 

There's the beautiful-to-look-at fountain, the LOVE statue, and the AMAZING view down Parkway. Tourists, take note of this, it's probably the only stuff you should care about when you visit this area.

It's the city, so there will be the homeless and the variety of colorful people. The skateboarders don't bother me, they tend to do their thing and as long as they don't directly affect me, it's all good. 

If you are smart, don't go in that water. For anything. 

If there's something that bothers me, it's that gross pink color.
My fiancé and I recently visited Philadelphia and stopped by to see LOVE park and the iconic LOVE sign!  We loved it!  It's 1000x better than the measly little love sign on a corner of midtown in NYC.  The park is lovely with a beautiful fountain in the background and it's a perfect photo opp, which we took full advantage of!  Note - reasonable parking is almost impossible to find near this park.  We ended up parking several blocks away. You really are smack dab in the middle of the city in this park.  There are plenty of places to sit and it's a lovely green space full of trees with a backdrop of bustling downtown Philly.
Behold the concrete jungle! What is there to say about Love Park other than that it's easily the most overrated park in Philadelphia? It took away the architecture set up that not only made it stand out, it also turned it into a fabled skateboarding mecca (If your like me than you've played that stage on Tony Hawk's Pro Skater (sadly I forget what number.)). Compared to parks like Rittenhouse Square and Clark Park, it has no idea how to promote the events that it holds. And the fact that it has it's free concert series at 12pm makes me feel sorry for the musicians who play it. The fountain is also second rate compared to the other ones that Philly has to offer.

The sculpture that gives the park it's name might be memorable. But the park itself is a joke!
Everywhere you look in Philadelphia you will see this Love Sign. It seems like it is an absolute must; however, I don't really think that is the case. If you are passing it, it might be worth going just to say you did, but there isn't much else in the park. When we went, they were setting up for the Kriskindlemart and stalls were all lined up in the area. Other than the sign and a few benches, there really isn't much else. However, if you really want the iconic picture in the city of brotherly love, I say go for it. It's in the middle of the city, so you can easily find something close by. While I don't think a trip itself is worth it, a quick stop on the way to something else might be good.
this review is for the fall 2013 state of love park, for anyone looking to visit and check it out.

the recent state of love park is that it appears love park it has been abandoned by the city of philadelphia, except for basic maintenance like trash removal, for at least the past 2 or 3 years.

i've been to love park at least a dozen times this year alone and i have not once observed a police officer anywhere in the park. so, it's a good spot for skating again except for the fact that it's literally falling apart. lots of see-sawing tiles to wobble across.

besides skateboarding, there really isn't much to do here except ask whoever you're with to take a picture of you in front of the love sculpture, which was looking pretty faded yesterday when i was there. it's funny, there's an odd mix of tourists and transients milling about the sculpture at any given time (during the day) - but most locals probably walk AROUND the park to continue to their destination.

as for hanging out in the park - say as a lunch spot - there isn't much in terms of tree shading at the only really decent part to sit - by the fountain. but if you can't walk the 5 blocks to rittenhouse it will do.

i really hope the city does give the park a makeover - one that's in favor of skateboarding would be nice, but at the very least fix it up a little and make it as more of a real attraction or reason to visit philly. it wouldn't take a whole lot of polishing to improve things.
Like Philly Cheese Steaks, Love Park is underwhelming.

The actual LOVE sculpture is small. Like 5X5 ft. So with it being so small, you have to take turns taking photo's of/with it. 

About 3-5 local guys in the park have setup a racket on this. You wait in line to take a pic with your "Loved one" but since most couples cannot take their own photo, you hand your camera or phone to one of these guys. They will take your photo then expect a "tip."

There's also a bunch of skateboarders like others have said who have no regard for tourists. There really needs to be police presence in this park to keep it enjoyable for everyone to experience.
Love Park is one of the most popular Philadelphia landmarks. Of course it is a must-see, most especially if you are in the vicinity of city hall. This is the place to take your loved ones and take your mandatory vacation pictures.

Aside from the iconic LOVE sculpture, the park has a fountain where kids and kids-at-heart can play (fun fact: it is allowed to play in public fountains in Philadelphia, that is according to our tour guide, anyway). And it is located near other Philadelphia landmarks.

Now go and take your quintessential Philadelphia pictures! Or if you are feeling particularly playful on a hot day, go kick off your shoes and jump into the fountain to cool off!
One of Philadelphia's most iconic landmarks, Love Park is a fun stop for anyone in the city, whether with your SO or not. As others have mentioned, the actual size of the LOVE sign is a bit disappointing, but in the end, it's the overall significance and pop-culture based popularity of the sign that makes it such a draw.

Beyond the sign and groups of people waiting to take a picture in front of it, there's also a nice little park area around it, with bunches of people mulling around in their own groups, and usually some kids skateboarding and doing things of that nature during the weekend.

Located right in the heart of Center City, it's close by to other local landmarks and a bunch of restaurants and fast food joints, so you can swing on by on your way to Chinatown or other local digs. Definitely come by if you're in the area!
The park is within walking distance from City Hall - actually diagonal from it - and a 5 min walk from my hotel (Loews). I cruised on over since I wanted to take a picture of the infamous LOVE sign. When I visited there was a long line of people waiting to take pics. I was just happy to see it and to see it for myself.

HOWEVER, be mindful of your surroundings. I passed through a couple times and there are some really shady people that hang out here. I made sure I observed who was there to really help you take photos and who was there to take photos for your for a fee. YUP, there are people there to take your photos for tips. 

I noticed a lot of skateboarders around also who don't care where you walk. They will keep riding and don't even consider who is walking around them. 

Don't come at night!
We love love... clearly! The park is so cute. There's a fountain to make a wish and ramps that we always see skaters using. 

It gets busy, with people and pets and performers, when the weather is nice. Sometimes they will host events or festivals there as well.

The main attraction, of course, is the LOVE sign. This was us, in Philly, posing in front of the LOVE sign. It's huge and perfect for a photo op. You can see it all the way from the museums (down Ben Franklin Pkwy).  

Truly a beautiful piece that signifies a great emotion. Pivotal piece in Philly (and other cities). 

Can't wait to go back
Love Park was something of a disappointment.  Instead of a distinctive and classy recreation area, it's a very small park in the middle of the city.

There's some VERY overpriced parking below the park, and the "Love" sign (the centerpiece of the park) is quite underwhelming.

This is an AOK place to visit as long as you don't set your expectations too high.  That said, you'll get pretty much the same effect if you just drive by and skip parking for a look around.
Like most tourist Love Park was on our agenda. It was a short walk from our hotel. So we went for it on a Sunday morning.  

We cut through some sort of office plaza across from Love Park, which had FANTASTIC photo ops. HUGE, domino's, life and monopoly tokens. Just great. 

Onto Love Park. The statue/sculpture was definitely much smaller than I imagined. It's relatively small just raised in the air in front of a water fountain. There were SOO many tourists taking pictures we just decided to move on. 

We stopped at the Love Park visitors center.. which was set up weirdly. The staff was polite. They had your typical "city trinkets" magnets, mugs, key chains, etc. Prices were as expected which was a plus. Sometimes you never know what to expect. 

Onto the homeless population @ Love Park.. I caution you that they outnumber the tourist! None seemed to be an immediate threat or menacing, but there were so many of them it was hard to ignore their presence. If you have small children, keep your eyes on them. I can only imagine the germs and bacteria in Love Park. 

Needless to say @ the end of that, I had a new found respect and appreciation for both Giuliani and Bloomberg (NY mayors). No way in heck would the homeless take over NY tourism attractions!!
My favorite aspect of LOVE park is the fountain during the summer months.  My roommate promised me that this summer he will jump in after a trip to the bars in the area...I will not be bailing him out of jail.  The park in the winter, like everything else, seems dead...no people, no water, no birds.  But very shortly it will be revived and I will be sitting by its side.

Little side note: On Sundays there is always parking on 15th right across from the park...always.
"I Love You Like a Love Song, Baby.." Thank You Selena Gomez for reminding me to write a review about this awesome park with your catchy song.

But reallly.. What's so awesome about it? Simple. It's the LOVE Park and I'm all about Love! I quickly fell for this awesome city with sooooo much to do on my last visit that it was imperative that I see this park to see the famous "Love" sign. Now I can honestly say, I found "Love" (the Love Park) in downtown Philadelphia. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/S7tZmvSqrpH18cDE_fwVgA?userid=OtXxJ7vSPophigPyd12R3A

My impression: The Love sign was wayyyy smaller than I thought. Although, the fountain & the buildings in the background did accentuate the sign. Thankfully, the fountain was on during my visit. And nope, the water was clear, not piss colored yellow like someone mentioned. =P I didn't see too many bums.. But who cares, bums needs more love than anyone! lol

If you are ever in Philadelphia for the 1st time, you must check out this park. Great picture opp! It's very convenient because it's just across the beautiful City Hall in the heart of Philadephia and it was less than a mile away from the Hilton where I stayed and a few blocks from Chinatown. There's lots of good eateries around the park as well such as the Reading Terminal Market which practically has every kind of food!

While I was there, saw a few couples being lovey dovey & a group of children on a field trip taking pics with the famous sign. It was certainly a Lovely stroll at the Love Park!
Went to see Love Park because of the LOVE sign that's seen in tourist guides, web, etc.

It's pretty close to City Hall.  There's another park next to it with Giant Monopoly pieces, a weird sculpture art, and a sculpture of a Philly Mayor.

Worth it for photos, that's about it.
**2.5 STARS** According to many sites and reviews, Love Park is one of the 'top' attractions of Philadelphia so it was hard to pass up. We came in the winter time so the plaza is beautifully lit up and decorated with Christmas spirit. There are also a lot of neat little shops set up around the plaza. HOWEVER, it is overly crowded and you have to shuffle to get around anywhere. The floor tiles are loose so every time you step it feels like the floor is moving - definitely needs some maintenance with all the foot traffic. 
The LOVE sign is underwhelming and much smaller than I anticipated. There were a few 'workers' manning the line to take pictures with the LOVE sign but it was unclear if they truly worked there - no uniforms or any sort of markings to show they worked at the plaza and they kept asking for tip$; they also had nasty attitudes which all the visitors felt as you could see the looks on everyone's faces. The worker at the information center was also extremely rude as well. Come here to take your iconic picture with the LOVE sign and leave ASAP!
It's Valentine's Day... thought this would be appropriate to review LOVE Park today =)

Love Park is essential for me when I think of Philadelphia. Since I moved to Orlando 12 years ago and my love and foundation will always be in Philly, I got the Love statue tattoo on me =) Dedication for sure.

I make sure to drive by or stop by everytime I am in town, just brings warm feelings to me. Yes, it's centered around skating, which I do not do, but it has helped bring recognition to Philadelphia and I respect that!

The perfect picture spot too =) 

LOVE ME SOME PHILLY!
I've said it before, I'll say it again: sometimes a city's symbol makes a poor attraction. There are exceptions to the rule, of course, but flaunting the iconic image of a place as a tourist attraction is a little like placing a sign on the interstate advertising "The World's Largest Yogurt Cup" 4 miles ahead. 

Parisians hate that ugly Tower, St. Louisans hate their Arch, and the Scottish always have to argue with the historical validity of Mel Gibson's Braveheart. Symbols and those that live with them have a confused relationship at best. So it is and so it must be with Philadelphians and LOVE Park. The symbol shows up in a plethora of MTV videos and rom-com flicks, and it fills the people of this proud city with pride. At the same time, it's hard to imagine spending a carefree afternoon at the Park, or enjoying a nice evening stroll for that matter. 

An afternoon in the park might be nice, but unfortunately, there is very little grass and few available benches, most being occupied by homeless sleepers. It's a free country and they are welcome to the bench, but with the lack of seating, it can be a problem. By night, the place is overrun by mostly harmless skater punks and drinkers clutching brown paper bags. Not a place for a family, but if you're young and feeling free one night, it's certainly a nice photo opp. If the city could clean up the area, including the fountain itself, LOVE Park would be more than a symbol; it would be a legitimate destination.
A Philly landmark. It's not huge, but it's something that a lot of tourists like to stop by. I do think that it's something to be visited at least once in a lifetime if you're in the area. I did hear through the grapevine that they would be tearing it apart soon, due to a water fountain leak. Who knows when that'll happen though!

I don't think this park is overly amazing. Yes, there are a lot of homeless people hanging out there. Yes, someone will probably ask if they could take your picture for you. It is clean. The guys that "live" there do pick up the trash, as I've noticed. It's also kind of a shady stomping ground at night time, as is a lot of Philly. Not my first spot to pick for a serene moment, but hey...don't take my word for it.
Must see attraction if you're in the city of brotherly love.  The park is referred to as the John F. Kennedy plaza. 

Great chance for a photo op. Also there is a I heart Philly sign located on the other side. It is easy to miss I had to go back the second day and find it. 

For some people they might be underwhelmed at the fact that it's just the love statue.
I enjoy being in Love Park. But I've been going to it ever since before they changed it around in an attempt to not attract as many skaters. and it used to be a lot better before. I also feel that there are a lot of better parks to go to in this city. Love Park has just always been a little too concrete for my tastes. but I love the sculpture and the fountain.
If you find the time to make it out at 12pm on a weekday (a near impossibility for most) then you may come across one of Love Park's many fun free shows. If only they had them at a better time of day though.
LOVE PARK!

Pretty much an iconic face of Philadelphia.  A big fountain and a big LOVE propped up on a pedestal that all the tourists stand under and take pictures.

In college this is where we'd go during the 4th of July to watch the fireworks.  It's near the subway so I don't know what that guy was talking about with taking a cab.  Even if you're walking from the art museum, it's far but not that far!!

Anyway, it's love park.  And it makes me feel home and I'm there.  It is the city of brotherly love afterall =)
Is it true? Is this all we really need? Is love greater than hate ? Those are questions that never crossed my mind while I was busy taking selfies out here. A must if you come to Philly because I'm going to tell you a little secret. If you are solo traveling don't wait in that long line to take a pic. Just go off to the side and you will not only find the perfect angle but save time! You're welcome.
The newly remodeled Love Park is awful. The Love sign is the only reason to go there now. Here is a list of the problems with the new park:
1. There are rats/mice living in the bushes at the edge of the park. Far more than I have ever seen in any one place.
2. The remodel included a strip of parking space for food trucks, but as of this writing they have banned food trucks.
3. There is no shade form the summer sun
4. The fountain is not nearly as grand as the old one
5. The visitor's center is still closed

The first 3 items are a complete disgrace. I'm so disappointed at what Love Park has become.
Visited the infamous LOVE park yesterday. Based on previous reviews and vlogs, we decided to get their early to avoid the long line to take pictures. 

The piece itself was nice. There were some very aggressive people there that were quick to take your phone from you and snap your picture; then beg for a tip.... That was extremely annoying. 

Other than the CONSTANT panhandling, it was a nice sight to see. Definitely a one time only experience for me!
Brotherly LOVE!

I wonder why this site has such a sad rating.

LOVE sculpture is cool. Great place to take a picture if your with your love.

Wasn't busy, just wait your turn to take a picture. I enjoyed it.
This park, whose real name is John F. Kennedy Plaza is right in the heart of downtown Philadelphia, right across from the breathtaking city hall. It is a very small park and the term park is used very loosely here. The park seemed to be a popular destination/hangout for Dirty Mike and the Boys. It did not seem like the safest place, even during the day. The park has a bunch a benches around the park where you can sit, a fountain/water spout and the only true highlight of the park, the iconic Love sculpture. The sculpture was really my sole purpose of going here.  I did not have to wait in line for pictures either.  I was able to walk right up and get all the shots I wanted.  However, I was on a weekday though.

After taking pictures with the Love sculpture, I was out. I spent about 10-15 minutes there. This is a must see while in Philly, But, I highly recommend doing what I did.  Getting your pictures with the statue and getting out of dodge.
What's up with people asking for money to take your photos next to the love sign. It's not like they're dressed in costume like the people in Hollywood blvd. and you can take pictures with them. Beware of the locals asking for money.
There isn't much here as far as parks go. It's mostly concrete with very little greenery. 

Of course at one side you'll find the famous love statue with plenty of people taking pictures with it. 

I'm not sure that there is really any reason to come to this park other than to see the love statue. The love statue was actually a lot smaller than I expected and was kind of anti-climatic.
i used to love this place... 
until the city of philadelphia kicked out many of the 
youth of phildelphia and decided to give it to the homeless people.
So, when you're in Philly, there are a few "touristy" stuff you have to do, and don't try to tell me that you don't want to join in on the line of folks waiting for the perfect spot to get their Love sign photo, because you do, and you will. 

Love Park, and the Love sign is synonymous with Philly, and is at center city near City Hall. It is such a gorgeous area and in the summer, it's also nice to sit on the side and dip your feet into the fountain. When the wind blows, the spray from the fountain blows on you and it feels amazing. 

There are tons of what seem to be really nice people offering to take your photo for you, but just stand back and watch what happens after they seem to be so nice in doing so...they then demand money from the folks who just got their pic taken. Don't ask,  or agree for strangers to take your pic. They want money.  Take your own,  it's cuter that way anyway!

It can be a sketchy place at night, so be sure to stick with the daytime visiting.
My wife and I walked upon Love Park while on a weekend trip to Philly. It's a nice park in Center City. Everyone gets their pictures kissing under the LOVE sign. It's a touristy thing to do in Philly but kind of cool nonetheless lol.
A landmark of Philadelphia that one should see at least once.  Alas, this park is not something I would ever go out of my way to see, unless I was showing a tourist around.  

It's just mayhem at this little sanctuary in the city when the day is nice...you always feel crowded and the amount of homeless make you feel worse for enjoying yourself.
This place needs work. I have come here many times on lunch or dinner breaks with the hopes of enjoying my meal outside, but most times I leave the park grossed out. There's garbage everywhere! It's also not the most inviting place. Creepy looking trees and overgrown shrubs also surround the park, and there aren't many benches to sit on, just a few at the back of the park. So you end up sitting on concrete slabs near the Love statue that look like they haven't been cleaned in a while.

The fountain is nice, and it's especially cool when they dye it different colors to raise awareness about certain causes like purple for autism or green for environmental protection. But if it's at all windy, be prepared to be splashed by dirty fountain water if you walk anywhere near it. I do appreciate the love statue, and I, too, have taken the touristy pictures by the sign when friends or family are in town. But this is not the type of touristy place that you want to stick around for too long.
Even though the park has been closed for awhile now I'm anxious for it to reopen. 
The LOVE sculpture is of course iconic with Philadelphia.
I like this park because it's real. Lots of folks here from the homeless to tourists and businesses types.
Once it reopens I'll be back for sure.
I was so excited to go here, full of the spirit of the city of brotherly love!  I couldn't wait to go to the gift shop and get lots of love to fill Christmas stockings - didn't realize they closed at 5.00p, so ran 7 blocks to get there and arrived w/ 10 mins Tues to spare - yay!  And the doors were locked but someone was still inside - I knocked on the door - "Please, please," I begged, "it's ten to five, I'm from out of town, please let me in for a minute!" Nope.  She was ruthless.  When she came out, I asked her, "Why would you do that?  Why be so mean?" "I got things to do," she replied.  How callous.  What kind of representative for the city?  Simply awful.  I agree with others that the park is on the rough side, but hey, whatever, it's still cool.  I took my pic and tried to enjoy the moment, but I will forever remember the place for it's less than diplomatic ambassador.  Kind of sad.
Just a park in downtown philly that is basically diagonal from city hall.  In any season but winter there is a huge fountain in the middle with water shooting up in the middle.  There are plenty of benches surrounding the park to sit and enjoy the day with a friend, lover, family, etc.  

At nighttime? It is known for lots of homelessness which is real sad and I wish more was done to help these people out.

I came here this past weekend and it was jam packed because of the holiday market.  I did not buy anything but it is fun to walk and see all the little gifts you can buy here.  If you are in the mood, I recommend some of the sweet treats or coffee/hot chocolate some of these places offer, it smelled delish.
As a tourist couple, you have to come here and take a LOVE picture.  It'll take 2 minutes if you come earlier in the morning before everybody else gets there.  If you're lucky enough to find street parking nearby, you can visit different coffee spots or even the Reading Terminal Market.
As with a lot of other people (as it seems from the reviews and tips), I was a little disappointed with this sign. From the photographs I had seen of it I was expecting it to be a lot larger, it must just be the angles of the photograph which made this look much larger than it is. 

Set back from the sign is a large fountain with water jets, this allows for an ever better photograph if you can also capture this in the background. 

There are lots of people hanging around asking if you want your photograph taken, they attempt to guilt trip you for money and will give a little sob story if you let them. This is definitely a downside to this attraction, however it shouldn't put you off because they were not at all rude or aggressive. I still felt very safe.

This is more of a 'have a quick look and take some photographs' site. I certainly didn't feel the need to sit around once I'd seen it.
Hmm, not much to see here, just the LOVE sign. 

Philly is know for brotherly love, so it was apt for the LOVE sign to be in Philly. I don't know how many LOVE signs are in Philly, but I saw two. One here and one on campus at UPENN.

Drop by if you're near City hall!
Not really much of a park, more concrete than grass and trees. This reminded me more of an Italian Piazza, right in the center of the city for people to gather and meet and watch the other people go by.

Even the LOVE statue was smaller than I had imagined.......
at least it brought back all those memories of watching "Love American Style".....OK now I'm showing my age.
Am I the only one who doesn't notice any real difference to LOVE Park after months of "renovations?" They took our the skating bowl and put the iconic statue back, but what really was accomplished? As a native Philadelphian I always stop by his place for a photo opt, but all the months of renovations and hype (and money I'm assuming) have been lost on me.
The location of the Love Park is amazing. Many great photo ops and endless other attractions and restaurans within a few blocks in any direction. I've been to the park a few times and I wish I could give it more than two stars, but compared to other parks, the Love Park just doesn't measure up. From a distance, the park is beautiful. And who doesn't wanna take a pic in front of the Love sculpture or the fountain??? If you're looking for a place to bring your kids so they can cool down and go wild in the fountain, that's fine... Yes there's chlorine in the water, but just keep in mind there's tons of homeless people at this park at any given time of the day and I've seen them bathe theirselves in that water on a few seperate occasions. Speaking of the homeless people, I don't know what it is with this park, but it seems like the craziest, loudest, and most aggressive homeless people like to hang out here. I've seen a few hallucinating and yelling, being destructive, and throwin/ swinging things. Aside from that, this place is also a skate park. There's always large groups of skate boarders and bikers, which can be loud at times. So unless you really like to people watch and you don't care about the things that I mentioned, get your picture in front of the Love sculpture and leave.
I recommend either Logan Square Park or Rittenhouse Square Park.
Love Park would be a lot nicer if people didn't play in the fountain. It really grossed me out. Seriously. Go buy a kiddie pool. Yuck.
This is a perfect location in the middle of downtown, about a fifteen minute walk from the Liberty Bell. Apart from the sign itself, the fountain is large and majestic, and the planning is top notch: the fountain shooting off is a perfect backdrop for your photos of the sign, AND if you look down the road behind the sign, you get a perfect view of the art museum perched on its hill. High quality city planning right there. 

Other fun sights at the park: a dude covered in tats just jumped right in the fountain and threw his dog in too. I've never been to a place where so many people blew off the "no swimming" signs at public fountains the way people did here. But why would you ever swim in a public fountain? I'm not talking dipping their feet in people, they were fully submerged and doing laps in that bad boy. Ewwwww. Also, we asked a random lady to snap our pic in front of the sign, and her friend said "that'll be two dollars." We chuckled, but then in a straight face with a tone of annoyance she said, "I'm not joking." Her friend waved her off and took the pic anyway.
The Love Sculpture is bigger and more impressive........the area surrounding it also is not jam-packed with bums and unsavory sorts.

Not much greenspace, not much to do - though rumor has it that there are free concerts here and it is a significant landmark....overall the area needs an upgrade and other reasons to visit.
It's definitely a better sight to see during the spring and summer months, when the fountain is on.

Yes, the statue is smaller than many tourists probably think. Who cares? Wait in line, take your picture, and move along. 

Yes, the fountain does what many fountains do - it jets water into the air for purely decorative purposes. What the hell else should it be doing? It's relaxing so I recently enjoyed sitting by it during my lunch break. (And then a crazy person jumped in, at which point I decided it was time to head back to work anyway.)

Yes, you should watch out for the crazies, just like you have to do in any other part of the city.
love park, love park.  I've spend so many afternoons in you.  you're so horrible and so wonderful at the same time.  over run by homeless and crazy people and trash.  the smell of urine when i walk around your certain parts. the mysterious mist that sprays on me and my food from your fountain that is dyed every color of the rainbow that make me wonder what horrible pathogens I'm ingesting.  The amazing entertainment from crazy people and trashy couples fighting in front of me...oh and those free summer concerts at lunchtime, and thie line dancing!! There seems to never be a dull moment when I go to you, love park...that is why even with all your faults I will continue to spend many a afternoon eating my lunch and reading books in you, that is afterall what you do for love.
Beautiful park, used to be home to hot young guys on skateboards. Ah, the controversy. I actually adore the Robert Indiana sculpture and have it tattooed on my ankle as an homage to 'home' and the fond memories of sunny days chillin' in the park
Iconic of Philadelphia, everyone has a story about the park. I had worked and gone to school near the park for about 5 years (combined) and I have visited it year-round - hundreds of times. 

Love Park has a cycle through the four seasons. Its heyday is in spring, summer, and fall where the fountains blasts high. The greatest appeal for me is the look and sound of the fountain. The loud blast of water is meditative in that it blocks out the urban noise. I read somewhere that rushing water releases negative ions, which are healthy for people. The ocean has the same effect. I don't know if that's a myth or fake science, but it's an interesting idea. I certainly feel better walking the circle path around the fountain.

The fountain gets dolled up for special events, such as being dyed pink during breast cancer awareness month. I have seen it dyed blue as well, but can't remember why. In fall, the fountain is drained and they put up a holiday display, a large tree. That is less inspiring, but that could be the cold.

As for the Love statue, it's great for watching the tourists. Also you can see the vista along Ben Franklin parkway that terminates at the art museum. The park is a wonderful glimpse of the history of city planning. 

Love Park is my favorite location in Center City. Perfect getaway for people with only minutes to spare before they must return to the work grind.
I like to go there in the early morning as it becomes less crowded. I used to take my coffee and go there for reading or crocheting. It needs some kind of improving, but the fountain is amazing! Last time I visited they color the water with blue. You can find Dunken doughnut and 711 near the place.
beautiful park, nice waterfall in the center of the park, and gave tourist site for Philly!
The love "park" is kind of cute i guess. It's not really a park because there is just couple of benches surrounding a big water fountion (which was pink when i went today...) and the love sculpture was just random. I wish they had couple more of them there because there were actually lines of people waiting to take couple shots in it. But I liked how the park is small and cozy and it seemed like a cool place to just sit and relax. Not much to look but a good place to sit and rest!
Love Park? It's just ONE of those spots you have to check out when you're in Philly.

Personally, I'm more of a fan of the Love sculpture here in New York, but it was nice to take pictures and the scenery is beautiful nonetheless.

Just BEWARE of the shady characters that lurk around this tourist spot. They'll manage the long lines and ask you for your camera to take a picture of you. Of course, they EXPECT a tip or something. Be careful and either ask the person on line behind you to snap a pic or take a selfie.
Beautiful park, lots of people just hanging out, reading, eating, enjoying! It's walking distance from the Marriott Philadelphia Downtown.
This is the real sightseeing I take my out-of-towners too. I love Love Park for the aesthetics (though I wish the City would employee a few less PPA jerks and get some thrash-pick up here)... but I love the coexistence between skaters, businessfolk, homeless, etc. 

No matter the season, no matter the reason, I try to walk through as often as possible... and if you're a park reader/sun-soaker-upper, it's a nice contrast to Rittenhouse, which tends to get overcrowded sometimes. Just a note... you're not gonna wanna picnic here, especially if you brought some wine on the low.

Because of the ongoing "Skateboarding is not a crime" debate... cops are pretty thick in here, which even if you're not picnicing, blows it.
What a disappointment!

Take a picture with the love statue, and run away. This place just looks sad.

The pool is disgusting and dirty, the "park", or anything that surrounded the statue, is in such bad shape. Cracks in the ground and loose tiles. This is not a park at all! There is literally nothing else to enjoy here. Tourist trap of all tourist traps. It's a pity this icon is in such a deplorable area. Hopefully Philly renovates this as it did Franklin Park.
Well, what you see in that pic is what you get.  I dunno why its called a park because there is no grass around it, its all concrete.  And, its right in the middle of Downtown near City Hall.  I used to work in a building right across the street from this sign.  I saw it everyday and it isn't really much.  But don't be fooled when you go to Philly and you see this sign and think everyone will instantly love you, because they will just instantly jack yo ass. Be safe out there.
We went to the Christmas festival in Love Park.  It's nice.  Lots of vendors and lots of people.  

But during normal time, I don't see why people would go there?  just to take picture with the LOVE statue?
If you are in the city of brotherly love, you should go to the park that immortalizes love in a work of art. It is not a far walk from the museum steps. It has a parking lot underneath of it. It has decent parking prices.

It is easy to get to the park by taking kelly drive.  it is close to the cultural center roadway with flags lining Benjamin Franklin parkway. It is a lovely multinational memoriam to get to the park from the west.

Love park is a keep sake of philadelphia. It is worth the visit! Especially in the winter, it is the host to a christmas market that is similar to a german christkindlmarkt. Love this one.
Such a romantic spot to be with your loved one and enjoy the beautiful weather. You see a few interesting people around the love park. I really enjoyed myself here, it was so relaxing!
Love Park... With Love in the Air, and great moments to share... Love Park

   I have to say, originally coming to the Philadelphia the first thing I wanted to do was go to Love Park. Is Philadelphia not indeed the city of brotherly love? Anyways, continuing with the review. Love Park, is not for the single crowd (single people beware).... Love Park overall is amazing and is a place you must go when visiting in Philadelphia. However, different seasons do change the events and look of Love Park.

Summer:
  Ultimately, a wonderful place to go! The fountain is spewing with water! There are mini concert series, where you can get your dance on to some really cool bands! Also, if you're lucky you'll be able to see the Philadelphian "Jesus" That comes by every now and then. But in the summer when its gets hot, its pretty fun to go by Love Park and be sprinkled by some of the huge fountains water and sit down and people watch. However, be warned since this is a tourist spot a lot of homeless people are in the area. And do be prepared to see someone causally taking a shower in the fountain. Overall in the summer it is a great experience. 

Spring & Fall:
Around this time they take away the water from the fountain and the only interesting thing is the actual sign, which you then get to realize isn't actually that big. It becomes skateboarder central and it is also fun to people watch and enjoy the beautiful city or Philly.

Winter:
Well I haven't been there during winter but I will be going when its the season! I've seen Christmas tree pictures so just know I am very excited!! If your'e planning to go down there during the winter see you there! Hopefully I'll be able to update this review when I go! :)
Girlfriend and I visited here on our trip to Philly. It's pretty with the fountain in the background, but nothing there other than that. There was this bum there asking people if they wanted him to take pictures of them and then aggresviely asked for a donation after taking a picture. We asked a woman standing there to take our picture and he suddenly became defensive and racist and said he didn't like white people...

Philly should really clean up the garbage in the area, and I'm not talking about the kind on the ground.
It is quite unfortunate to report that this tiny park in JFK plaza did not do much for me. I've seen the much bigger version of this Robert Indiana sculpture in New York. 

I looked around and there was nothing much to see. Skateboarders and bums during the day. It's not a place to have a lovely picnic, propose to anyone or make love which is ironic because it's LOVE PARK.

If you're in Philly, skip this place.
The park is actually closed until sometime in 2018 due to reconstruction purposes. The Christmas market/festival occurs here annually, but this year its missing their LOVE sign.
Love Park is a waste of time.  The LOVE sign isn't even that big!  It may be one of those sites recommended to tourists as Philadelphia doesn't offer that much to see and do in comparison to NYC, but truly ... the chessmen pieces across the street were more fascinating than the Love Park.  The fountain behind the park is also a better place to visit.  

Beware of the people who are around and consistently offer to assist you with taking photos as they'll act very nice and then request money after they finish.  I think we ran into a homeless lady who was very nice about the way she asked for the money, but I've heard some horror stories where it can get really ugly if you don't give them money.
I don't get the hype. I really don't. You'll definitely pass through it if you're going to Benjamin Franklin parkway if you're coming from city hall. The park is about the size of 1 block. That's it. Walk 2 minutes, not even, and you're already out of there. Weird people hang out here, so I usually try to act as nonchalant as I can, and walk quickly. 

When the fountain is going, it's actually pretty nice to see. And for special occasions, you will see either pink or blue water spouting from it. When it's not though, you'll see that the fountain needs maintenance(I walked through the fountain once because marathon runners decided to cut through the love park steps, and saw a broken smart phone laying at the bottom of the fountain)and skaters and skateboarders generally come to do their tricks with this temporary skate park. Well, if they're good, I guess you just got yourself a show. 

Otherwise, I feel like love park is a one stop destination. Come here, take a picture, and go. I'm sure it could be nice to take a romantic 2-minute stroll in the park at night, as long as you have a nice, hunky strong boyfriend to scare off the bad guys(or hey, a strong girlfriend works too). I once took my high school senior prom pictures here at night, and it was actually a pretty nice touch to end the night(hey, I'm a good girl). We were a pretty big group, so no worries about anything happening to us.
This used to be a fantastic park to watch skateboarders while snacking on Philly pretzels or eating lunch. Now skateboarding has been banned by the city and this place is a flat, lifeless, and uninteresting area across from City Hall. Lifeless, as in there's really nothing to see or do while passing through. Yeah, you can take a selfie in front of the LOVE sign, but that's about it. 

At least the annual Christmas Village livens the area up during the holidays (see separate Christmas Village review). Not sure what else happens here throughout the year since I'm from Michigan. 

Bring back the skateboarders. They were really entertaining to watch when I was younger. I think they attracted a lot of tourists to the area.
The park is pretty small. Besides the Love Sign and the fountain there's nothing else. 

There were a bunch of guys who were bothering tourists by aggressively offering to take their pictures in exchange for money. They seemed very unhappy when a different tourist couple and I offered to take each other's pictures instead. The guys were actually kind of uninviting and made me uncomfortable especially after I opted not to have them take our picture. 

It was a hot day so there were some people swimming in the fountain.... 

All in all, it's worth seeing the famous Love sign once, but I probably won't visit again if I visit Philly.
Sorry guys. This place would be really pretty if there wasnt crack heads laying all over the place in the surrounding area. Dont get your undies in a bunch over rights for homeless people. But it is a philly landmark, so I can say I did it.
It's easily one of the most popular Instagrammable places on Earth, especially if you have your significant other with you. You have the famous Love Sign at about the average person's height. There's usually people lining up to take pictures in front of it, which is cool. Other than that, there really isn't much to this park, which is also known as JFK Park. It's easy access from City Hall along with most parts of downtown.
Pros:
+ Gorgeous instagram-able photos
+ Must see attraction while you're in Philadelphia
+ Love statue
+ Gorgeous landmark
+ Bring your dates here for adorable photos
Being a skateboarder since I was around 14, I had to make a stop to check out one of the most iconic skate spots in the country.

I've seen this spot in so many skate videos growing up, and even skated it in video games so to actually be there was pretty epic!

It's filled with bums, street performers, tweakers, skate groupies, and of course lots of skaters just enjoying themselves without hassle from the police (From what I understand, they really cracked down here on skaters for a while after it became so famous.  When I went however, it was not the case)

Another check mark off my bucket list!
Love park is located by the city hall. The only reason I visited the park was a famous " Love Sign"! Anything else in the park? After I took pictures. I left for the Rocky Statue!
I have no idea how Love Park ever gained "landmark" status in this city.  It sucks.
Sure the statue is cute and everything, but that is seriously it.  The big concrete tile things on the ground are all loose...an accident waiting to happen.  The people who hang out here are CRAZY.  The fountain is lame, and the line dancing lessons are random and annoying if you work across the street.
