It is only fenced on three sides.  The fourth side is a low wall.  I went when there were a ton of people there and they were all lined up on the wall to prevent dogs from jumping.  If your dog is good off leash without a secured area, this might be a fine spot but my dog is not.  It is not a huge area either.  I would not go out of your way to go here, but if you live nearby and have a dog that comes easily when called under distracted circumstances, then you might like this place.
Please be careful when you take your dog here! I have a 25lb bulldog/pug mix and he managed to jump over the wall at the park! He ran all the way down to Main Street and I luckily caught him before he was hit by a car. It makes me sad that I can't take him back because the park is truly a fun place for him. I wish they would do something to fix the low wall at the park.
Nice space, but the wall is too low by the street... my dog is something of an escape artist and he jumped over the wall twice while I was there and to make matters worse the road is a bit busy adjacent to the park.

It's a fine park if your dog isn't going to jump out, but I think an "excellent" dog park is one that is a bit more escape proof.
There is now a fence so that dogs can't escape over the stone wall! My jumping corgi no longer escapes
Unless you want to go to the Mecca of dog parks in the Philadelphia area (Schuykill River) this little one suffices. It has a low wall on one side so you have to keep an eye on your furry pet but the fence is great where there is no wall to let your dog run around unleashed. The double gate is great, too. 

There are usually dogs of all sizes for dog socialization and if there is not, you don't have to wait long.  There's a pet station for doggie doo and some benches and trees. It's kept pretty clean and open but can be a bit muddy after use. The mulch kind of gravitates to the bottom and sides. Overall, it's the closest place to go for my dog, off-leash and wears her out quite well. Parking can be a challenge at times but it's well worth the drive from East Falls.
What's the point of a dog park that a small corgi can escape from by jumping over the so-called fence which is really just a stone retaining wall?

Within 1min my dog was standing on top of this "wall" and could have easily jumped into the street. 

It's hard for me to understand why any person would ever design a park this way. How hard is it to add a taller fence after this rock wall??? My dog is not a "runner" but I won't ever feel safe bringing him here when there is no fence.
This is a nice small fenced in dog park. I lived in the area prior to the building of the dog park section, and it's really seemed to help revitalize the park. Before, you wouldn't see many people in the park at all, and now it's utilized all day.

They have poo bags in stock, and a foot-operated water fountain for the pups.

It's not clique-y here. You'll find a grump in every crowd, but for the most part the dog owners are very friendly and responsible.
I had been waiting for a beautiful day like today to take Emma to a local dog park.  It needed to be fairly close by and fenced in.  I found Pretzel Park.  

Parking wasn't too bad since it's a few streets back from Main Street Manayunk.  The area wasn't huge but big enough for the consistent flow of dogs (maybe 20 or so).  There are bags and some water provided.  They're taking up donations for bricks in order to install a human/doggy water fountain there.  The dogs and humans were quite friendly.

My only beef was that the walls are pretty low, especially the stone one that borders Cotton St.  My jack russell (who can't be trusted off leash) could easily jump up there.  All of the other dogs kept her busy so it wasn't a problem.

All in all a good park. My pooch will be sacked out for the rest of the night!
The cute little dog park off of Pretzel Park has its own Yelp page.  I'm not sure anyone can say enough about it to justify its own page, but I'm here now and the page is already started.  Its small, but big enough for a dozen dogs to run around.  It has a nice double fence on entrance to make sure you can enter and exit easy.  And it has water for your four-legged friend.  That sums everything about the Dog Park of Pretzel Park.
My dog loved it here! 
If you're bringing your pup here be prepared for him/her to get a little dirty. The ground is all dirt/mulch. There are also two pretty big holes in the ground so be careful to avoid them while playing. People said the brick barrier is a little low, but my medium sized border collie had no issue and wasn't tempted to jump over it into the road. Keep a good eye on your pup if you're nervous he/she will jump over - and avoid throwing toys in that direction. I liked that there were two entry gates! And I also liked the two fire hydrants at the park. Cute idea. There was water here which was great! And the bone-shaped dish was a cute touch.
I'd definitely come back with my boy!
We tried out this park last weekend. My 37 lb. hound mix loved it for about 5 minutes until she ran up to the top portion where there is NO FENCE. There is about a 4 foot tall wall which she climbed over easily. This dog park is dangerous without the proper fencing and should only be used for very small dogs.
Not for small dogs. Just arrived and it's an open section full of medium to large size dogs. My nine pound ankle bitter wouldn't last in there with them. It would have been nice if they had a small section for small dogs to exercise and socialize. Oh well, off to the next park.
Great Park! We decided to venture down here from Roxborough to let our pup run around. When we first pulled up it did not look like a dog park. On the far side of the park closest to the large church there is a fenced in area with a bunch of mulch inside. We were surprised. Very large area, tons of things for pups to do: Fire Hydrants all over- fresh running water fountain. Totally fenced in so we were comfortable throwing the ball around and letting her run. 

Parking can be tough but there is a lot around. We came during the day so it was easy to find a spot. It's one street up from manayunk Main Street so it's nice to grab lunch and hang at the dog park. We will definitely be back here with the pup.
