This art festival draws so many visitors it is 2 days long. There are many talented artists from all over the US that display their talents. I find most are although local. Everyone is kind and a good mood everywhere. Many of the restaurants open their doors and have extra tables set up outside to enjoy the weather and people watching while their patrons enjoy their meals. It took us about 2 and half hours to see everything. Even if you have no intentions of buying anything...Highly recommend checking it out and can't wait till next year. Good way to your art culture in.
This took place yesterday, & A good friend suggested it, so we went. Turned out to be great dat, hot but nice breeze!! Its been such a long time since I ventured into Manayunk, opposed to looking for parking ..can be taxing!! But we parked right off hill, went down& it was great day. Nice vendors, jewelry , pictures, pottery & great eclectic bowties to accessories. The Main st had bunch eateries, Rub, BBQ, taqueria & boutiques. We ended going to Green sT consignment & each picked up some cute tops!! Score.
Great day for a festival!!
Return factor: Totally!!
I came here with a purpose and that was to check out the Morningstar tent.  The bf and i just finished hiking the Wissahickon so you know we were starving.  Caution, parking is horrific; but be patient people come and go.  Thanks Morningstar for feeding our bellies with an awesome variety of burgers and coupons!

But i'm definitely glad we walked around after munching.  It's kind of overwhelming when every single booth is pretty much either jewelry or paintings.  However, amongst the tent was a booth that sold customized superhero capes along with eye patch, arm cuffs, and belts to complete the outfit.  I ended up purchasing one for my niece for her birthday this fall.  My eye also caught attention of Andrea Bocchio's jewelry booth.  Her pieces were original.  I bought a fabric/leather bracelet.  I checked out her website on etsy afterwards and thank goodness i bought it at the festival, price online was much higher.

Other highlights of the festival for us were the wine tasting from Jadot, Mueller's samples of greek yogurt (they were quite generous; giving cases to each person), and lemonades.  It was extremely hot that afternoon but a great time for our first time.
It's not really an arts festival. Vendors mostly sold knick knacks and clothes. Disappointing.
Enjoyable event with lots of interesting art surrounded by good restuarants. What's not to like?
I love the Manayunk Arts Fest. There are tons of local vendors, small businesses, and artists selling hand-crafted items. It's a great community-based events that really allow you to buy unique household items, pieces of jewelry, pictures, etc. while supporting local artists and artisans.
Having just moved in to the Manayunk area, I was super excited to attend a festival on Main St that we could actually walk to (no circling the streets in search of parking!) With over 300 vendors advertised and a sunny Sunday in front of us, there was no better time to start feeling like a local. 

We got down to the tents shortly after they opened at 11, which I recommend - the crowds definitely picked up as the day went on.  I was amazed by just how many artists there were, and how much of Main St the event took up.  I was also pleasantly surprised by the big sponsors handing out free stuff (including Yuengling Ice Cream - perfect for a hot day!)  To be honest most of the artists were selling stuff far outside our price range, so I do wish there were a few more on the craft-y end, but even still, it was nice to look, and we did pick up a few ceramic pieces as gifts.
Location: Northwest of Downtown Philly. You will be coming through some tough traffic due to closure of Main Street. The hills of Manayunk are unforgiving to a standard transmission. High vertical streets, tight bends and one ways. We knew the further away we park, the easier life would be. Got parked in about 15min of entering the neighborhood with a hearty walk from our car to Main St. 

Art/Vendors: This festival is huge. It stretches 15+ blocks and has every type of art imaginable. My favorite vendors were 
1. A momentum art exhibit where pieces with little effort maintained their energy of movement
2. My friend Tristan from college (Pitt) was there selling 3-D, do it yourself, wall sculptures (small-world right?) 
3. Spectrum Scientifics, this was a storefront on Main Street which I bought some buckyball magnets
4. Artesano Iron Works that were smelting and blacksmithing their products for viewing
5. A Superhero shop that we got a cape, gloves, facemask and belt for our niece that she wears to this day when she wants to save the neighborhood

Food: Some corporate promoters are their to pitch their products: Turkey Hill (Ice Cream), Rip-It (Energy Drink), Honest-Tea, Henricks Gin, Hormel Chilli etc. It's goodwill and not pushy. Local storefronts and restaurants get into the scene by street vending their food. I had some Jamaican soda and other street food from local places along the way. 

Time: Give yourself at least 2-3 hours to really see everything if not more. It was such a fun and wholesome time to explore all of these vendors. This is what really started us starting to like Philly (shhh we're from Pittsburgh). 

Overall: This only happens one time a year (I believe) and I would make a trip to Philly just to do this again : )

Tips: Bring good walking shoes, wear sunscreen, take cash out of ATM and if it's too hot, don't bring your dog. Some poor pups were hurting from the hot pavement.
