I'll admit: I wasn't expecting the pool to be so clean! There were some leaves on the bottom, but the water itself was crystal clear.  

In fact, this being my first time at a public pool, I was pleasantly surprised all-around: Lifeguards were attentive, crowd was friendly, and this pool is just MASSIVE! But there are a few differences between this public pool and a typical swim club that are helpful to know beforehand:  

This is not a lush environment.  Anyone not swimming needs to sit on concrete, bleacher-like steps behind a chain-link fence that separates the pool from the spectator area.  The steps are mere feet from the edge of the pool, but I'd imagine the separation might be a little disconcerting for parents of younger kids (or just a buzzkill for anyone hoping to interact with people in the water).  

Bags, towels, and personal items have to stay on the steps, too, so I advise against bringing any valuables if you plan to swim, as you'll have to leave them unattended (in sight, but behind the chain-link fence). 

Finally, anyone entering the swim area needs to walk through a sprinkler/shower that rinses people off before they get in the water.  So if you're bringing your kids and plan to walk them to the edge of the pool, prepare to get doused on your way in and out!

All that said, it's a city pool. No frills, but a great place to play in the water on a hot summer day, at zero cost!
What is wonderful about this pool in the summertime is that it's the largest lap public pool in the city! If people are complaining about how it's not open long enough, it's because they have a very limited budget every year. I think that they do a wonderful job with what they have. For me, it's also one of the cleanest pools in the city. Two thumbs up to the Shawn and the staff for running such a great place for adults and kids to cool off in the summer months.
I haven't tried any of their other programming, but it is a real stronghold in the community.
place is moving up: they opened up the pool in the summer thanks to some government funding-- but it closes early August. This place is great for kids in the neighborhood who play on the local Little League team (the Monarchs) and other sports. They actually take pretty good care of the baseball field. And there's an outdoor gated playground for the kids as well. The keep the facilities clean for when I've played indoor soccer. And I'm pretty sure they host basketball rec leagues as well.
Just revamped and beautiful! I haven't been yet - but it has been repainted, made very welcoming and looks like it belongsi n St. Tropez. I will be in the water there soon!
