As far as dog parks go, this place is great. It gets a little wet after the rain and there can be some puddles, so beware of that! 

Other than that, it's awesome. The surface is dryer and more compact than other dog parks in the area, which was great for my dogs because my 75lb Pit Lab Mix really digs her claws in when she's going hard after the ball. 

The people that come here, for the most part, are pretty nice. There's a few people that are sorta antisociable and it makes you wonder why in the world they would even go to a dog park in the first place, but I digress. 

The hours are reasonable. People seem pretty understanding of when your dog acts like a dog. 

It's always shady and they have a little doggie water fountain thing so there is always fresh water available for your pups! 

It's nestled beside a nice grassy area under trees, and in the Summer the QVNA hosts movie showings and events there; which is lovely. 

It's a pretty quiet area, tucked back away from busy South St and tourists. It's free to all and they hold community clean up projects to resurface and clean up the park at various times throughout the year. 

There's no astronomical rules; which is great because dogs will be dogs. I know it's a favorite for a lot of the dog walkers in town. Toys are welcomed, so long as they can be shared. They do have a rule about no more than 5 barks per minute, which seems silly, but people that bring their barky dogs here always seem to have a handle on it and others don't seem to mind when your dog barks, so long as it isn't incessant. 

I can't really complain about this place at all, nor would I want to. I love this little dog park. It's such a gem! 

Oh, I just wouldn't recommend wearing flip-flops unless you want your feet to get all dusty and dirty. Other than that, have a nice time!
OMG, what is the deal with the fences around BOTH grassy areas already?  I have no idea why the grass has been fenced off for so long but it is really annoying.  Isn't having access to grass supposed to be one of the nice aspects of this small park?  Someone (or a group of people) are grass-obsessed to keep fences up for over a year.  I would pay money to have someone give me a logical explanation.
This review is specific to the dog park. 

While I initially thought the dog park was small, it's still a decent enough size for my pit bull to get his energy out. I prefer to go at "off-peak" hours, because my dog gets overwhelmed by large crowds of dogs. There is always a bowl and a hose there for water. My only "complaint" is that the fences are too low, and, although he hasn't even tried, he could easily jump over the fences.
I am a fan of this park, but in recent times I have avoided the dog park in particular.  When my husband and I first moved to the neighborhood we were so happy to find a dog park so close to our home.  We, at the time, only had one dog and he loved to go to the park.  As time went on we added a second and he also loves the park.  I've found that I just don't like going to the dog park anymore.

People don't pay attention to their dogs, and when dogs are overwhelming either of my pooches they just ignore it and think my dog is being snarky.  To be honest if I got up in your face to tried to force you to have a conversation with me, you'd probably get snarky too.  Regardless, the park itself is very nice.  I just prefer to socialize my dog with dogs who's owners understand how dogs communicate.
Such a wonderful little park! I had no idea this park was here until I happened to walk by it. So I returned with a book and read for hours. It's one of those places that have you forget you are in the city.
Mario Lanza is a beautiful little park in the Queen Village neighborhood that houses a dog park, two small green grassy areas, and a space in the middle with bench seating and some tables. I come here often with my pup and they frequently have gatherings for various neighborhood events. I wish the dog park was a bit bigger and had some different fencing (balls frequently go into the neighbors yards), but I'm so happy it exists as all!
