Do not believe the hype from the media and think this place gives the best prices for your gold.  I've been there twice.   The first time I went there I was a hurry so I sold what I can.  But the second time I was more prepared.  

Scrap gold is measured by pennyweight (DWT). I weighed my gold on my own digital pocket scale and got a much higher number than what Anthony told me at the store.  Sure, he'll make a big show of showing you the numbers on the scale and speak in a manner that'll have you believe his offer is best because he knows the media has hyped everyone up about the fair prices of his store ... But I do not believe he is measuring it under Pennyweight, but rather grams.

The number he came up with was significantly lower than mine.  I called before I came to the store and he promised his deal would be much better than the other person I had in mind at $25/DWT.  I came to Philly from NJ with hopes that he would give me a higher price.  He weighed my gold (all nice pieces) and got the number 18. He offered me $486 at $27/DWT.  

It was much, much, much less than I calculated so I gathered my gold and tried to leave.  He tried to stop me and upped the offer to $30/DWT. I told him I rather sell to the other person and keep my customer loyalty and he upped the offer once more to $35/DWT. At that point I knew he was giving me much less and could offer me more but chose not to.  So I said goodbye and went to meet with my other gold dealer. 

The person I went to weighed my gold accurately under pennyweight and came up with the number 41.6.  So at her offer of $25/DWT the amount she calculated came to $1,040! 

Market Street Gold tried to cheat me out of $554 and tried to make it seem as of they were doing me a huge favor by giving me the best price.  Ha.  

They are dishonest.  Please beware if you intend to still sell to them after reading this review. 

Also, I would like to add that even at $35/DWT for his last offer, I would still have only gotten $630 at 18 "DWT".  That's still $410 they were trying to cheat from me. 

I will never come back here.  And you shouldn't either.
I first saw Market Street gold on the ABC investigative piece on gold buyers in Philadelphia. Before going to them, I brought the gold around to a few stores then I visited MSG. As expected, they had the best price.

The owner Anthony was very nice. He will personally handle the gold testing and weighing in front of you.
I have been doing business with Rafi and Yuval for some time and can say that they are honest guys. Shop here if you are looking to buy or sell jewelry.

They carry an enormous selection of diamond and gemstone jewelry, gold earrings and necklaces, and an awesome selection of premium watches. If you want bling...look no more.

I've found their prices to be competitive and they guarantee everything they sell. I recently sold them an old ring after shopping it around to different stores on Samson Street; their offer was significantly higher than the others.

I recommend Market Street Gold without reservation and can personally vouch for the owners' integrity and commitment to customer satisfaction.
Market Street Gold is truly worthy of top notch reviews. We found a bunch of rings and odd jewelry in a safe that was basically, collecting dust. After a little quick research, we found Market Street Gold and its owner who goes by "Anthony" on a Channel Six news feature. Long story short, Anthony's shop was visited with hidden cameras and offered the highest amount for merchandise of the shops Channel Six visited. I matched that with a few positive Yelp reviews, and off we went.

From the minute we walked in, Anthony was amazing. I'm not overstating. Here is a guy that knows what you are thinking. Understands and empathizes with your doubts before you even have a chance to voice them. He doesn't fast talk. He's an absolute straight shooter. He weighs everything in front of you. He accepts a modest profit margin and gives you more money for your merchandise than you may have thought you had. So for a few rings and a handful of Gold, we left Anthony's shop with $6,750.00. Not a bad day for dust collecting jewelry. 

I'll leave it at that as it sums up my transaction. Anthony, you are one-in-a-million in your field. Most jewelers I have met are shady or arrogant. I wish you the best of success for a long time. 

PS: While waiting for a diamond to be appraised, we walked around the shop. The merchandise in the showcases was awesome.
Since my first visit, found more old gold rings, & one nice ring. I also had bracelet needed soldering. 
Onward I went, I asked for Rafi, & he appeared.I told him skeptical on one ring, since it had diamonds on it, so he priced it separately. With other rings, I was offered decent amount. But for one ring with diamonds, it just seemed too Low, so I didn't part with it..
I also showed him piece I had, * & It was Repaired while I waited, how GREAT is that??!!! I am definitely RETURN customer, & if anyone needs to sell gold, this is the place for it. Plus felt safe, since armed guard in front of the door!!!
Plus.

Return Factor: I 'm already there : ). Check your jewelry box, got old or irreparable gold, even silver, he'll buy it.
My story is pretty unique, I've actually bought two engagement rings for the same girl from market street gold (long sad story, but it has a happy ending). Both times the sales rep was incredibly helpful throughout the entire process. From helping me pick out the stone to choosing the right setting, I felt like I was really being taken care of. Shopping for such an expensive item like that can be really nerve wracking, you never know if you're getting a good deal, but all of the people here really did an amazing job and best of all my fiancée absolutely LOVES her ring. I'd give market street gold a 6/5 if I could!!
Me and my fiancée were looking for an engagement ring. Went to the store the first time but didnt get anything becuz she wanted to explore more options at other stores. Still ended up coming back here and got the perfect ring.

Anthony was very professional and helpful. Price was reasonable for the quality we went for!
FANTASTIC!!! 
I researched all the reviews before I came here. Market street Gold had the best reviews but I still went in skeptical. 
Anthony warmly greeted me and immediately put me at ease. He examined all my jewelry and  did not make me feel as if I was trying to sell junk. 
He was courteous and respectful. 
 I had previously sold jewelry through an online gold buying service ( DO NOT DO THIS). 
Anthony paid 4 times what they did!  I'm so happy I found this place! Thank you Anthony!!! 
I'm so happy fair and honest places like this exist.
We have been going here for YEARS!! Probably about 15yrs or so. Ralphi and Staff have always given us great service, prices, and deals. There's different price levels and jewelry for all the customers. They can also order custom jewelry. We have bought our engagement rings, and wedding bands from here also. Any repairs have been taken care of with no problems
Went in to this establishment last week with 8k in gold and diamonds to sell. The owner asked me if I had been to any previous locations to get prices...I said no, he then proceeded to tell me to come back to him last, I said "but your first on my list and I came a long distance", he clearly wanted to low ball me!  He then proceeded to give me a quote of $900!! This place is BAD news in a major way. I feel bad for people that have been potentially taken advantage of from this place!
I went in a few weeks ago to sell a few pieces of jewelry that I had no use for anymore, nothing fancy, but higher quality than plain costume jewelry. The saleswoman got Anthony from the back, and he quietly assessed what I'd brought in one by one, before going back through it with me piece by piece. He bought about half of what I'd brought in, leaving me with a few more mostly worthless pieces. I had a necklace he would have bought for its weight, but he recommended I try to sell it for its value as a piece, likely at a thrift store or flea market. He offered $90 for what he wanted, but was nonplussed and agreeable when I asked for $100, even. Quick and painless. Oh, and Anthony reminds me of this guy:  http://media.hollywood.com/images/650x1000/7293666.jpg
MARKET STREET GOLD IS AWESOME !!!! In the era we live in it is hard to find a truly Honest Business, especially when it comes to selling your gold or silver! Most places that advertise to buy your gold or silver, are out to give as little as possible, and increase their profit ! these places don't see you as a customer, they just wanna size you up & offer practically nothing! Well, I can tell you from experience, Market Street Gold is the most honest buyer of gold & silver! I live in Delco & have plenty o options, but after doing research ,I found out it is definitely worth the trip into Center City!!!! ANTHONY is the gentleman you want to deal with, great guy! Anthony is very honest & very knowledgeable . You can feel comfortable dealing with him, knowing that your getting the best price possible! Thank You again ,Anthony.
  Anthony has been featured on" Action News"as one of the best places for selling your gold.    I would recommend Market st. gold. i hope this review has been helpful.
Based on the fabulous reviews, I figured I'd come here first to get an offer on my bridal set. Anthony took my rings and viewed them, with no jewelers loop, under a fluorescent light and proceeded to tell me they were "nothing special". 

Now, my engagement ring is no Hope diamond but it's sure as hell more special than  any of the quad cut or pavé diamond rings he has in his case. 

That said, he asked me if I had any previous offers and if I did, I should take it because he wasn't interested. Now, you don't have to be interested, and that's completely ok, but neither diamonds or gold are worthless. I don't care how long you've been in the business but no one's eye is that good. So unprofessional.
these guys were a pleasure to deal with. i made up my mind to sell some gold jewelry that i no longer wear, and honestly, who couldn't use the money back in cold hard cash??

i believe they gave me a fair trade and i left feeling like i made the right decision. i'll be happy to refer friends here.
I'm Not one to give out 5-stars..as much!! What took me over the top is the service.
I had finally found older Herringbone necklace, bought years ago.I will never utilize it again. Then in my jewelry box, found 2 rings, earrings had semi-precious stones, they all went to this place..I did Do some research, asked around, went to local place near my job, they only wanted fraction of what my necklace costs. Reading some articles, & that Action news wrote nice article on them, I went yesterday.. 
Found parking around corner, went in, very narrow, jewelry cases both sides. One gentleman helping customer, while another was placing order/transfer on phone. After greeting me, he said be right with me and assessed my goods, look at them, gave me very fair price!! 
Waited, he ask for I.D.(good call)
I also asked if they soldered jewelry?He said yes, both my anklets were fixed in no time. After my appointment, Rafi-* was his name said call , If you can't find parking , Come out bring it to you!!!!
I paid, & when I arrived, they did just that!!
That is nice perk, Customer Service all the way!! If you need to get rid some old jewelry never going use again, go here -they are very personable. Don't feel like going into pawn shop, or getting scammed!!

Return Factor: Absolutely, anything needs fixing, find more fine jewelry, bring it here !! They are going get you the best price, I looked around ...they are legit!!!
Great Service! Great establishment!!!
Market Street Gold was the perfect place to select an engagement ring for my fiancé. From the start, Yuval and his team were helpful, ready to answer any questions I may have, and help me through the long selection process that I had ahead of me. I must admit, that I did not know anything about engagement rings before my visit and was a little nervous to begin searching, as my fiancé is not very easy to please, but Yuval was very understanding, extremely interested in getting to know her and her style, before looking at rings. Throughout my search, Yuval had presented me with hundreds of ring styles, until he created the perfect match for my girl.
Yuval was even interested in staying in touch and getting an update on my engagement, and was extremely welcoming when I returned a few weeks later with my new fiancé for a minor setting change. I would absolutely recommend Yuval & his team to any engagement ring seekers!
I read a lot of good things about Rafi and they were all true. He is amazing. He is very fair, honest, and reasonable, not mention very nice and natural too. He did not pressure me to do anything one way or the other, and seemed to offer very genuine advice. He also explained how he priced items, and even showed me too. The store itself seemed to have a huge and impressive array of jewelry that probably anyone could fine something they were looking for there.
I also saw this jeweler on Saving with 6 ABC.  I work across the street from it. so I gathered up the gold that I no longer wear.  My daughter gave me a few of her pieces and said if you get $50.00 for it I will be happy.  Well she was ecstatic since I got her $370.00.  I dealt with Anthony.  He was kind and helpful.  He weighed and tested every piece right out in the open and explained the entire process.  I can tell you that he paid much more for a gold pocket watch than had been previously offered by another jeweler.  All in all it was a positive experience. I would use them again.
