The playground portion of this larger park is under construction at the moment. My review is more geared towards the field portion of the Markward Park.

I'm in a kickball league that plays at Markward every week. To optimize the space, we play on the grass portions of the field, so two games can happen concurrently. The space is very poorly maintained, so when it comes time to run the bases and determine outs, it's nearly impossible for the players and umpire to see the bases because the grass is so overgrown. There are also large amounts of weeds growing up the fences. 

While the location of this park and playground is convenient, it does not seem to be cared for at all. Maybe the fields are being neglected because the playground is under construction?
A nice little park at the end of the river path. There's a playground, tennis courts, basketball courts, and volleyball nets. Also has lots of open space for a picnic or just hanging out in the grass.
Dope playground in the middle of the city. Definitely a gem. They have a separate area for toddlers and little guys and gals. Great safe place for the family
This is one of my daughter's and I favorite park in the city. It's like a little oasis in the city with huge playground for the kids, tennis courts, basketball court, dog park, and even a bridge that takes you over to schuylkill river trail for a little run. 

It's a great spot for sight seeing, people watching, and getting your biking or running on.  Also, a lot of people do not know that the Markward Rec center is right on the playground.  They have an after school program that picks up the children from Independence Charter School and Green Field elementary School for only $25 bucks a week.  Ms Monica and Ms Kendell are amazing with the kids.  They also have high school students help out the children with homework and arts and craft!  I'm so blessed to have found such a great place and not kill my pockets.  On top of that...Markward also have a day camp for  the children during the summer.  It's 100 bucks a week but they go swimming 2x a day (there is a pool 2 blocks away), go on field trips, and arts and craft.  it's a huge plus that the playground is right there in the same vicinity. 

It you haven't been...you definitely need to check this place out for yourself!
This WAS a great playground. Pretty big with separate areas for tennis, basketball, little kids playground and big kids playground. There is also a mostly fenced in asphalt area (sometimes used for volleyball) that is great for kids to scooter and ride bikes. 

BUT....it is in terrible disrepair. The surface of the playground is ripped and spread apart and has wide gaping holes. Playground equipment is broken. The drainage in the volleyball court area is terrible and there ends up a mud/dirt pile in the corner and by the one entrance. There WERE concrete tables and chairs in main area but those have mostly broken. Water fountain is either not turned on, or when it is, has terrible drainage.  This park is is MAJOR need of repair!
This is one of the better parks in the city, with a large playground structure that has different sections for kids of different ages. There are public restrooms right next to the play structures. There are plenty of regulars here - bring your kids on the weekends for a free playdate.
