This place is glorified money hole. It's all about profit and not about quality. There are way better places to enjoy a beer and better choices of beer too. The food and subpar or below and are not worth the price. I'll keep my money next time and invest it into an eating establishment that actually increases the value of the Temple campus and not degrades it
I can't believe no one has reviewed this wonderful little staple for Temple University.  Last summer I lived at Temple for training and I think Maxi's is one of those places that got all of us through our stint in Philly.

If you've never been to Temple, then I doubt you'll end up there anytime soon, but if you have, you know it's not surrounded by the nicest neighborhoods of Philly.  This is why Maxi's is pretty much the greatest thing ever, especially when you just need a beer after a long day and you don't want to head up to central philly.  Maxi's is pretty much what you have and luckily, it's nestled within the limits of campus security.

We had a lot of great times here: the bartenders always treated us very well, as did the owner/ manager/ whoever he is, I think Antonio? Not just great for drinks though, we came here and got pizza quite a bit as well.

If I went to Temple, I would be thanking God daily that Maxi's exists in the campus bubble.
The food at Maxi's is surprisingly good. They have decent pizza and a delicious chicken parm sandwich.

Beyond that, it's terrible. The bathrooms are ... unbelievable. I'd rather go out to Liacouras Walk and cop a squat right there than use these bathrooms.

It's also usually impossible to find a place to sit, and since they serve alcohol the crowd is often there to guzzle beer.

What I'm saying is the ambiance isn't great unless you're there to party, but the food is good to-go.
Well ya know, this is were you go between classes to get your booze that will keep your soul from dying while you buy the most overrated product in America, education. 

$2 Yeungling Lite and a Dogfish IPA on tap, what could go wrong. so yay Maxi's! Thanks for being in the heart of Temple U.
The pizza here is really good for what it is. It's a no frills place and I have yet to be disappointed. The pesto pizza is on point also. There aren't a lot of places on campus that are actually decent and fast and Maxi's is both. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants a quick slice or stromboli. 

PS- The drinks are pretty inexpensive too. Again, also a no frills drinking spot, but if you're looking for reasonable prices and a stiff drink, you should check it out.
I'm giving this place five stars because it's the BEST PIZZA you will get in the area. Their plain pizza is good, but their buffalo chicken pizza takes the cake.
It's simply amazing.  They also make buffalo chicken rolls which are TDF and their salads are good (albeit pricey) when you're in the mood for something healthy.

Only downside to the food here, is that its not cheap. $12 for a small garden salad, drink and slice seems a bit steep if you ask me.
Maxi's food is perfectly fine. But always use cash. I've had them up my credit card charge twice in the past few months.
As of this semester this bar almost doubled in size and its about time! Now you can enjoy the plethora of beer specials and weekday events planned without feeling cramped. This place is not your Saturday night dance party, the weekdays are more for what they target. But the $4 pizza and beer special for happy hour is my new favorite deal considering most of the craft slices go for +$3. 

Great after class hangout spot...oh and you will get carded 95% of the time regardless if you look 35 yrs old!
Let's be serious - great location on a busy large campus with above average pizza and bar food. I'm surprised it's averaged at 3 stars. When I lived on campus I must have gone here at least once a week. I loved the pizza and the garlic knots were ordered almost every single time. I never thought it was overpriced for any other better pizza in the area. 

I however never appreciated it as a hangout spot. The bar section of the establishment is kind of skeevy to say the least. I usually just picked up my order and enjoyed it at home! 

I really do miss this spot! I would have to stop back if I was ever in the area again.
They have pretty good specials and good food. However, I will say that some of the bartenders aren't always the friendliest. Other than that, it's fine.
This is a cool chill spot if there's a table open. I don't care for the bar, but there's free refills on soft drinks. The pizza costs too much like most other things on the menu. The white pizza is GREAT but costs $3 while a regular slice is $2. Make sense to you? I didn't think so. The regular slice is reminiscent of Ellio's.

One major gripe I have is that there's always a gang of gnats on the walls in the summer. No joke. They swarm too and it doesn't matter where you sit at... they're lurking.
Pizza is as good as on campus food gets. the bartender kept looking at me and never came
Over to ask me what I want. Then the second bartender said, "she sucks, I know, what can I get you?"
Go here if you want a simply mediocre and probably unsatisfying dining experience. Upon entering the ordering area, you're bound to be confronted by a line that has no idea where it begins or ends, and is a lovely mix of people either waiting for pizza they already paid for or preparing to order non-pizza items. The counter staff seems to change weekly -- I swear I've never been waited on twice by the same person in the four years I've been a Temple student. And if you ask for a fountain soda, be prepared to ask for your cup after paying (the soda fountain is self-service) -- the girl or bumbling, awkward bro working behind the counter will forget that you paid for it. Every time. 

The food is just nothing worth writing home about. The pizza variety is pretty good (all kinds of crap like pasta and french fries on some of their more "creative" pies), and the Buffalo Chicken pizza is some of the hottest I've ever had. The plain slices and crust in general are just kind of "meh." The cooks are extremely inconsistent in regards to food. One day you might order a salad and there's a hard-boiled egg on it when you get it. The next time you order, there'll be croutons. The next time, carrots. Altogether the prepared food is inconsistent and unsatisfying. Don't even get me started on the fact that their salad dressings (including bleu cheese) sit out at room temperature all day. I've resorted to asking for ranch whenever I desire a creamier dressing (which, for some reason, is refrigerated). 

Feel free to enter the bar area if you're looking for a bro-fest, or for a bunch of sad girls hoping to take home one of the many fine men Temple has to offer (who are drunk at 2pm on a Wednesday). Much like the counter staff, the bartenders seem to come and go like the summer wind. If you're lucky you may even get served by the owner/manager herself, taking on the role of "cougar bartender"...Exciting! 

Sadly this is the main haunt on-campus if you're looking for low-priced food or, well, a drink in the middle of the afternoon. While there ARE three other pizza places within walking distance of campus, they're all pretty similarly mediocre and questionable in terms of food quality. You'll end up going to Maxi's whether you like it or not, so suck it up, order some Buffalo Bites, and don't be shocked if you get the plague from room-temperature salad dressing.
Maxis is subpar. My boyfriend and I were here a few weeks ago and the bartender "lost" his debit card. Safe to say we were upset and called the manager over. The management is unprofessional. Didn't apologize or even seem to care about the fact that they have a faulty credit card system. I will not be returning. And the bar smells like rotten eggs.
An average bar and an average food place

-The pizza really isn't that great and though there are a lot of options, none of them really deliver a great experience
-The bar is decent for a campus but it can be a tough with service at times, taking exceptionally longer than normal for service
-They do some weeknight events and have large screens that are great for sports season
I go here often, but only because I work about 200 ft away.  I wouldn't recommend it to anyone unless you are literally within a stone's throw.  The only reason people come here is because it's a bar seconds away from the classroom.  The beer selection is terrible.  When they do have something worthwhile, which is rare, it's overpriced.  The food is pretty bad too.  The wings are the only thing worth ordering.  The pizza is acceptable, but not at $3/slice.  The bartenders are usually pretty cool, but the service suffers when this place is busy, which is almost any time there is class.
While the food is really good here and I used to enjoy coming here to chill and have a drink with a friend, the atmosphere has really died down lately and the STAFF IS RUDE! Recently my friend and I went and every table said $2 drafts but then we were told that was only for yuenling. That was annoying and the bar tenders we asked were not exactly nice about it but we didn't care too much. Then my friend was asked "are you dying?" when she asked the DJ to switch up the music, and when she finally had enough and wanted to speak to a manager no one would tell her where the manager was and then told her the manager was busy. When we finally talked to the manager he made several excuses for the misprinted signs on every table and for his staff by saying "I don't think that's very rude" when we told him what the DJ said. I was in shock. I have never had every staff member at one facility treat me and my friend so poorly and it seemed like it was just because we were young girls who they probably assumed were drunk which we were not. Terrible night, terrible staff.
Maxi's is best known for its pizza, but for the size of the place, the food and drink selection is pretty decent for a campus bar.  It can get a little cramped if there's a line, but the seating is adequate, even if you're not at the bar.  Nice little place to meet, have some drinks and a bite if you're on Temple's campus.
Don't get me wrong, I go to Maxi's at least once a week and will continue to until I graduate...BUT...this bar is pretty eh. The only thing that makes it worth going are 2 dollar Lion's Heads and Miller High Life. The bartenders are either decent or bad. I've never had stellar service. Maxi has some good food, but it's the same as the service. Sometimes you get a good steak, sometimes you get a terrible one. Pizza is usually good but very expensive. 

SUNDAYS are a great day to hit up Maxi's if you're in the neighborhood, they have $1 Yuengling drafts all day. Another plus is the mixture of people that hang out there. Since it is on Temple's campus, you have a mix of old, young, preppy, bros, trashy, hipster, fun, annoying, you name it, Maxi's got it. So people watching is always a plus.
Maxis is a great spot for any Temple student.  Not only are the bar specials awesome on their Mexican Monday nights, Karaoke Tuesdays, and Friday nights but their food is also great.  My favorite drinks are their $3 fun dips and $7 Red Deaths.  Not only are their drinks delicious but so is their food.  Their specialty pizzas are amazing and their sandwiches are tasty!  
On certain nights it can get kinda crazy with a lot of students but Friday and Saturdays have a more relaxing environment.  I would suggest this for any day depending on what type of night you are looking for.  Truly a great spot!
Ordered a lunch that never showed up. Wasted 25 mins. Perhaps order was lost due to language barrier.
Fuck whatever else is going on here, the pizza is damn good. 
I am a New Yorker and am consistently disappointed eating Philadelphia pizza but they really do it well here. 

Honey Garlic Chicken Pizza -- get it! Can't find it anywhere else and it is the paradigm for sweet, savory pizza.

Rodeo Pizza -- Steak, BBQ sauce, Buffalo sauce, Ranch, and bacon -- this is the Ron Swanson of pizza. Meat lovers rejoice!

The other slices are pretty good but none compare to the above two. I am honestly not sure if the four stars go to the establishment or just to those two slices. All I know is honey garlic chicken is crack. I need help.
One of the many upsetting features of Temple Main Campus is its utter lack of bars. Maxi's is a modest venue. The food is decent, the pizzas are generally superior to the other vendors nearby, at they serve at an acceptable speed. As a graduate student, day drinking is often merited. I think day drinking is always merited, but to each her own. That said, I really appreciate the bar at Maxi's. Unlike other local venues (*coughDraughtHorsecough*), the bartenders are very attentive and polite. I like that they keep a keen eye on the crowd so that no minors sneak in. The prices are remarkably low. You can do some serious drinking here for very cheap. Additionally, while I would normally scoff at the praise of something as rudimentary as chicken fingers and fries, I have to say, I quite enjoy Maxi's rendition. Crisp and salty and plated with a particularly tasty honey mustard. Maxi's is a great place to grab a beer midday if you are a Temple student. I would never come here at night, but I will continue to visit for day drinking.
I come here a lot for my midnight cravings or a very late dinner after a five hour study session. The dish I always order is the baked ziti. Maxi's baked ziti is not the best- it's bland and the sauce could be more lively, but they do serve you an appropriate amount of pasta for the price you pay (and it's very cheesy!) The buffalo wings are tasty, but the amount of sauce they give you is inconsistent. One day, it will be a lot of sauce but a different day it will be much less, leaving you dry wings. Overall, it's a decent spot.
Don't use Debit Card here.....I normally never had problems here. However, got pizza on 10/9/18 used my debit card. You never see how they scan the card because of the high counter. Local PNC stated it probably happened there. They have had complaints before. On 10/10/18 had a $91.61 charge at the Conoco Gas on 5643 Ridge Ave, Philly 19128. I assume one of the workers lives near that address. It was proven easily it was fraud as I was flying across the country that day and was not in town that day. The last place I used my debit card was at Maxi's. I tried to call a few times to talk to the manager Gabby but she it seems she was never there when I was calling. I just gave up. Pizza is decent but will always stop at PNC and get $$$ first. Don't use card. Also special thanks to PNC nearby for stopping the card and reissuing me a new card right in the store. As I needed a new card pronto.
Cool spot for students. Pizza is okay and drink specials are cheap for the college kids like myself. There's not a ton of room in the bar so if you're with a big group on a busy night be prepared to get split up.
As a non-traditional student at Temple University you try to find ways to fit in, but luckily on one of my first days I found Maxi's. Is the food anything to call home about? Not at all (standard bar fare), are the drink deals that good? Not so much. What the bar wins is that it's extra convenient and a nice place to stop in between classes (or in place of).

If it wasn't on campus I'd never go in, so good thing it is or else I'd have to waste time in the library or in the student center.
Super solid place to grab a drink and food. The bar is located right on Temple University's campus across from the giant new library. They run food and drink specials all week and keep it very affordable to enjoy good quality food and drank! 

There are TV's all over the place so it's a great place to watch the game. There is a pizza shop attached to Maxis also, they have incredible pizza and the garlic knots are so good. 

I haven't been to maxis on a party night but I'm sure it gets packed. The place isn't too big but you can tell it's outfitted to handle a rage of young college kids slamming shots of Vodka and drinking white claws. 

They do fun temple themes drinks occasionally as well. Temple crush was bomb.
This is a review for the bar. 

Maxi's is a great college bar on week-nights and one of my spots to watch the Eagles on Sundays. The place tends to fill up with your college crowd after 5PM on week-nights but tends to be pretty dead on week-ends as folks opt to go downtown. 

The drink prices are great, especially for the city. You can't go wrong with a $3 pitcher of Miller Lite on Wednesday's. The bar has fun events and different DJs including Quizzo which is a blast.

Staff is very friendly and security is tight. 

Food is your typical pizza shop fare. I love their buffalo wings. Food prices are reasonable. Good spot for takeout if you don't feel like sitting at the bar. 

Maxi's is a great spot to grab a bite alone or hang out in a large group!
