I remember it fondly, when Yelp's own Tom Clarke and Meredith Kleiber had a joint art showing at Rembrandts in Fairmount, almost a year ago. I wasnt much of an art fan, but I was a fan of those two talented Yelpers and seeing their work showcased like that, and the fact that I was actually friends with them, was magical.

I had mentally noted some favorites, but didnt know if I would ever be able to buy any. At that time, art just wasnt in my budget. Little by little, I was able to put aside some money, to brighten my new home. I purchased a Tom Clarke this fall, and debated which Kleiber photo, to make mine.

Also in attendance at that showing last year, was Lulu. She looked radiant as usual and it was very cool to look at the photos with her. She didnt just casually take in the art, like I would. She studied it. She saw the intricacies of the work and each shot moved her. I think
 this connection to all things was both a blessing and a curse for her, ultimately causing her downfall. At the time, I had made a note of the photographs, that she spent more time with.

Fast forward to early 2010. Lulus birthday ws at the end of January, and since I wasnt going to be able to shower her with expensive gifts, like many of her suitors would, I decided to make it personal. With my idea, I was able to honor two of my friends, with one act. I would be able to get a simple, heartfelt gift for one friend, and support the wonderful art of another, Meredith Kleiber.

Lulu is an ex-dancer and there was one shot of Meredith's that I felt embodied that principle. Just a simple little shot of a dancer, on her way to...something, in street clothes, doing a plie while waiting for a light to change. I dont know if this is one of the ones that Lulu liked at the show, but I felt it was perfect.

After contacting Meredith, and getting a really reasonable price for a small print +frame, I made plans to pick it up, to get it in time for Lulu's Bday. This, was when the fun started.

Ill note, that Meredith went above and beyond, to get me the print, but theres just no beating fate and Mother Nature. First, soon after ordering the photo, I had a bout with illness, which put me in the hospital and out of commission for more than a week. Then, when I finally felt good enough to venture out, Snowmeggedon hit Philly, and I was cooped up for another few weeks.

Lulu's birthday had come and gone, and I apologized for the belatedness of my gift and promised I would see her and get it to her soon. She understood and was even embarassed that I had even got her anything. Around mid February, the snow had melted (somewhat) and I was feeling good and ready to get this transaction done. 

Sadly, as many know, and unrelated to this story, Lulu took her own life on Feb 13th. I hadnt got the picture to her yet. It was a few weeks before I was able to think about the picture that I picked out and bought for her. Im not so deluded to think that her getting the pic would have changed anything ( although I wont go on record as saying Meridiths art doesnt save lives) but I really wish she could have seen it and know that there were people who cared about her.

I contacted Meredith, who had been so cool and understanding through the whole ordeal, and discussed what I wanted to do about the pic. Even though she had already shelled out her own money for the print and frame, she would have been willing to either cancel the order or even give it to me for free. She offered this not only because she is a good person, but because she is a friend. 

I wasnt having it though. I decided I still wanted the print, and that I wanted to pay. This goes back to my initial dream, of both owning a piece of her work and supporting her art. One of the things I thought originally was that I was happy to get something for Lulu but was disappointed that I wouldnt have my own Kleiber. I would have had to buy my own eventually  anyway.

So this past week, I finally got my "Street Ballet". It may be a little girly for me , but I love it.  If my daughter ever gets around to cleaning her room, I may give it to her. For now, it hangs below Tom C's "Smiling Buddah" so that I have a wall devoted directly to my talented Yelp friends.

I dont know if there is a moral to all of this, besides one where you should go to the website http://kleibography.com/ and get a print of your own.  One thing Ive learned , is not to procrastinate and make excuses and when I really want to do something or need to do something, to get up and do it no matter what. There should be no obstacle in my way that I shouldnt just be able to plie right past.
I hired Meredith (very affordable and super timely) to take about 2.5 hours worth of candids for my mom's surprise 70th birthday.

Less than 4 days later, I had the disc in hand with over 200 images to choose from/

Great work!  Great pricing! Great Photography.

Thanks, Meredith!
Took gorgeous candids of my (then) 6 year old at a yelp event.
Wow.
I located Meredith to do a photo shoot with me via Yelp and I am glad I did. We emailed each other and easily set up a place to meet. I was nervous, yet almost immediately I began to feel comfortable. Meredith was easy going and friendly. We spent over an hour together just taking pictures of me. She uses natural light so the pictures are not your ordinary mug shots. She suggested different ways for me to vary the pictures by where I stood or sat. She even helped me vary my facial expressions so the pictures would show different aspects of me. The turn around for me receiving the pictures shocked me, because all the photos were emailed to me actually the next day. And there were a lot of them. Another unknown to me was that Meredith sent me the images both in color and in black and white. Meredith is obviously skilled and experienced. I would recommend her in a skinny minute to anyone needing any kind of photos. Selfies just do not produce anything like what I received from Meredith.

Michele from Philadelphia
