I was that kid who was voted "Quietest/Shyest" as an apparent accolade in the eighth-grade yearbook. The one who posted MySpace bulletins about how cool it was to be an introvert, and updated my subprofile with dark, emo lyrics. It's a true miracle that I've grown into a person who, while yes, is still on the reserved side, is in her element at any festival.

The crowds! All the food and beer! And the vendors! Live music! Happy, happy.

This year's Midtown Village Fall Festival was exceptional. Around every corner, there were even more vendors offering up food/drinks from great Center City businesses. I was getting over an illness and on antibiotics at the time, but that didn't stop me from making my way downtown for a couple hours. It did stop me from partaking in the beer tents, though! They did sure look like fun.

Vendors had a wide range of goods for sale, which was nice. I especially liked the fingerless gloves from By Hand. I hear they were selling fast, too. Also a plus was Smak Parlour's fashion truck.

People were handing out little maps of the festival area to make it easier to find the artisans/live music/food/etc. That was really nice!

An added perk: Great weather. A perfect FALL day!
I really enjoyed this event! It was the first festival I've been to in Philly and spent the majority of my Saturday here.

There were free samples, delicious vendors of all the restaurants I'd read about on Yelp, and all very reasonably priced. 

The set up was fun and easy, with many vendors placed in front of their actual restaurant (IndeBlue, Opa, etc).

My favorite things I tried here was Opa's gyro and IndeBlue's drums of heaven. This experience motivated me to actually try a lot of the restaurants in Mid-Town. Good music, good vibes.  

I can't wait to attend next year!
This post may be a bit late, but with the colder weather coming on through to Philly, one can't help but reminisce about the warm weather we had this past Fall. This year's Midtown Village Festival afforded everyone the ability to bask in perfect weather while indulging in a variety of great fare, listening to various bands, and perusing the craft stalls as well.

Even men on stilts were out to play! 

The GF discovered these cute resin earrings for only $15 - crafted by Adorned by Aisha in Haddonfield, NJ.

Interested in adopting a pet pig? The MVF had that as well! Or perhaps it's simply best to let your kids pet the cute porcine devils and then simply walk away.

I had to tear the GF away from Operation Ava though. What a cute pup! 

But let's move on to the food - of which there was a glut of stalls offering all sorts of goodies. 

Barbuzzo Retaurant 

It's a safe bet to say that 13th street offers the best lineup of culinary goodies. So let's start with Barbuzzo, one of Chef Marcie Turney and Valerie Safran's restaurants. The power couple simply dominate Restaurant Row and with good reason. 

Salted Caramel Budino Pops [$5]

Barbuzzo is the site of one of the GF and my first dates. Since then, we've been back several times and always get the salted caramel budino. So to finally get a taste of the budino pops was a real treat! The creamy caramel and pudding was encased by made-to-order chocolate outer shell. Occasional bits of sea salt encrusted the outside of the pop and provided that sweet and salty element that makes the dessert so great. 

Pork Shoulder Porchetta [$8]
Provolone, broccoli rabe

I also had to try Barbuzzo's porchetta, which came with crisp bits of pork interspersed with juicy chunks as well. The creamy cheese sauce provided even more richness, with the bitter broccoli rabe providing a nice countervailing element.

Over at Opa's tent, the grill was brimming with meat and beer on tap! 

Chicken Gyro [$5]

I went with the chicken gyro, which was well-marinated with yogurt and came dressed with creamy tzatziki and bitter arugula. I really do need to stop on by one day and try Opa's offerings.

Jake's Sandwich Board had a tent, offering chocolate covered bacon and their 50/50 pork sandwich, complete with pig's head display! 

Nice to see Yelp on hand as well!

Hey, even R2D2 had to stop by the Festival! 

From there, we moved on south to Smokin' Betty's booth.

We all know I can't help but order the Betty Burger every single time I go to Smokin' Betty's.

Pulled Pork Sandwich [$7] 

And this time around, one of our friends got their pulled pork sandwich, which was apparently very good. Not surprising because their kitchen does turn out some great dishes.

Minar Indian Restaurant

The GF had the itch for some Indian cuisine, so we stopped by Minar's tent.   

Veggie Biryani [$5]

The veggie biryani was creamy, redolent with curry spice. Hints of heat hit the back of the throat amidst the bevy of potatoes, carrots, and peas.

Mini Scorpion Bowl

To be clear, drinks were on hand throughout the festival. Sampan's Graffiti Bar offered up mini scorpion bowls for your drinking pleasure. 

El Rey Restaurant

We also stopped by El Vez , where delicious guacamole and grilled corn adorned with chipotle mayo and queso were offered.

Jamonera Restaurant 

Lastly, and perhaps appropriately, we stopped by Jamonera where Chef Marcie Turney was holding court, just like last year.

Papas Fritas [$5]

We ended our Midtown Festival feast with the papas fritas, something we always enjoy. Crunchy nuggets of potatoes layered with crema and spice offer a great salty bite.

So be sure to mark your calendars for the fall of 2014 where great eats and fun are sure to be had.
I couldn't find any other reviews of the 6th Annual Midtown Village Fall Festival. Let me tell you, if you missed the event, you missed out. The streets were full of local neighborhood businesses handing out giveaways and promoting their services in various ways.

Businesses included:
12th Street Gym
13th Street Pizza
Absolute Abstract
Anjouthreads
Bar
Barbuzzo
Bellezza DermaCenter
Beneficial Savings Bank
Bindi
Capogiro, LLC
Center City District
Citibank
Danny's
Delaware Valley Council of American Youth Hostel
Duross & Langel
El Vez
Fergie's Pub
Finn McCools / Prime Lounge
Freedman & Lorry, P.C.
FruitFlowers
FUEL
Fusion: Heart.Muscle.Mind
Goldman Properties
Grocery
Holiday Inn Express Midtown
I. Goldberg Army & Navy Co.
Integral Life Psychological Services
Jake's Sandwich Board
Loews Philadelphia Hotel
Lolita
Lucky Strike Lanes
Marabella Meatball Co.
McGillins Olde Ale House
MediaCopy
Midtown II Restaurant
Modern Eye
Nova Hair Salon
Opa
Open House
Paper on Pine
Parkway Corporation
Pearl Properties
Philadelphia Federal Credit Union
Philadelphia Kids Club
Philadelphia Marriott Downtown
Philadelphia Sketch Club
Quaker City Mercantile
Raw Sushi & Saki Lounge
Royal Bank America
Sampan
Scarlet Fiorella
Smokin' Betty's
Specialty Productions
St. John the Evangelist
Starbuck's Coffee Company
Tbar
The Independent
Time Restaurant
Tutti Frutti & Small Oven Bakery
Valanni
Verde
Vintage
XIII on 13 Gifts
Zavino
Zio's Pizza
Zipcar

The highlight for me were Raw's sumo wrestling competitions and the biergartens displaying pumpkin flavored goodness. SO FUN.
Blocked off streets...food...beer...concessions...food...beer...local business vendors...food...beer...sumo wrestling...food...beer...mechanical bull...food...beer...Zumba...food...beer...music...food...beer...people having a great time.

Plus, there was plenty of food and beer! Yeah, that was awesome.
