I'll admit, sometimes it's hard for me to get into the holiday spirit. I hate seeing Christmas-themed-anything before Thanksgiving, and I don't want to play carols all through the month of December. Getting a Christmas tree is something I put off a lot longer than most people, and my track record for sending holiday cards is spotty at best. 

That said, there are a handful of things that help get me in the festive mood, and Miracle on 13th Street is definitely one of them. Something about seeing the signage while approaching, plus the slow parade of cars, brings out my inner child. Witnessing a whole city block of residents come together every year to bring a little joy to the season is really heartwarming, even for a semi-Grinch like myself.
Miracle on 13th Street is one of our favorite South Philly holiday traditions! For those not familiar, the entire 1600 Block of South 13th Street (btwn Tasker & Morris) lights up for one long, festive holiday light display! Each house brighter and more cheery than the next! This block has some real holiday spirit! 

The lights go on the Saturday after Thanksgiving and last through New Years Eve! 

You can drive through slowly as cars often do, but we prefer to park nearby and walk it. We feel it's the best way to enjoy each and every house. 

Everyone is super friendly, the home owners who you can find outside and visitors alike. This display of community gets me all warm and fuzzy! 

Don't miss Santa himself in the upper right hand window, about 2/3 houses in on the left side facing north! Kiddos LOVE this part! 

We usually do din at nearby Victor Cafe and then come see the lights! Park once and see both! Now that makes for a fantastic, cozy South Philly winter night if you ask me! 

I just have one question though...what happens if a Jewish person wants to live on the block? :)
Awesome! Thank you residents for the time and work you put into making the holidays special. 

You could really spend an hour on that one block admiring the decorations. Every house was great some of the homes that really stood out were the upside down Christmas tree in the window, the Wifi letter display (hook up to their Wifi and spell a word.. the light under letters would light the word), a couple homes had TVs in the windows.. one had 2 children waving (not part of display), the huge Mickey Mouse and the home with Santa sitting outside in the chair. In addition, I always enjoy when the lights overhead extend from one side of the street to the other, God bless whoever gets on those ladders! 

Lights are a way that we celebrate the reason for the season! Thank you again residents for continuing that tradition.
Of the many things holiday calls for, one is undeniably spreading the holiday cheer, and residents of South 13th Street are doing a cheerful job for almost 20 years and many more to come. I visited for the first time this past Christmas, and I was amazed by the spirited décor, Santa and his crew (Frosty,The Grinch, Gingerbread-man).
- 48 spectacular lit homes.
- Free to the public. 
-  Christmas, South Philly style. Magical! 

Four and Half Yelp.
Thank you to the residents of 13th Street that go above and beyond to make their block a holiday spectacle! The lights, inflatables, and other decor are delightfully gaudy and festive. This block definitely warrants a look-see if you're in the neighborhood, or just want to get in the holiday spirit. Kudos to the person who made the Christmas lights alphabet board decoration from Stranger Things, by the way. A+ for creativity! Keep being awesome South 13th!
Hands down the best neighborhood holiday light display in all of Philadelphia!

For years I've loved walking through this South Philly holiday tradition, and every time I find myself in the Passyunk area in Winter, I make it a point to go out of my way to visit it. So when I saw that Sari Marissa had written a review on it, I knew I had to follow suit and share this holiday tradition with all!

From holiday lights of every color and size, to multiple Santas and Rudolphs, and plenty of video projections, this block of 13th street has been doing it big for several years. It's gotten to the point where they've even managed to gain sponsorship from several local businesses and incorporate theme events like Christmas Caroling with Santa Claus. There isn't a single house on the block that doesn't at least have one large strand of Christmas lighting upon their roof, and the houses owned by the true Yueltide lovers are the ones that REALLY go for a game of one upmanship.

This year's display has one magical house dedicated to everyone's sort of favorite holiday movie A Christmas Story. Meanwhile another wasted little time in putting up a Christmas light message wall inspired by Stranger Things. Add in video projections of Santa and The Grinch, multiple Snoopy's, and a random 8-bit video wall, and you have a holiday display that's far better than your regular Festivus Miracle!
Merry Christmas eve! 
Miracle on 13th street definitely delivered the Christmas spirit with their beautifully decorated houses that lit a whole South Philly Street.

My neice and nephew enjoyed the sparkling lights and seeing Santa Claus in the window as well as Snoopy, Minnie Mouse and Minecraft.

While exploring the different houses, I was able to converse with one of the neighbors who contributed to the miracle on 13th street and he stated that he's been putting up his same display for over 10 years! Wow

Miracle on 13th street is definitely a miracle and a wonderful thing to see neighbors on a whole block come together to bring joy to us fellow citizens. 

It's fun for the whole family and if your ever in the neighborhood come check it out! What a way to bring community engagement and neighborhood camaraderie!
Nice Christmas lights and decorations. It's pretty festive, however, some lights were off probably due to no one being home. While nice, I left wanting more--that wow factor. Maybe this is due to some degree of anticipation. However, this block definitely gets props for coming together to showcase holiday lights for passersby. Neighbor participation can be arbitrary on some blocks, but 13th Street can serve as a great model on how when we all come together, we can create something beautiful. I'm glad I didn't miss stopping by this holiday season!
What a site! I love the community aspect of this display! It's a block of wonder, and captures the holiday joy.

You are able to walk around, up and down to get a good view of each decoration and to take pictures. The houses go ALL OUT and there is some great detail at each house. It does get packed, and if you're driving through, expect traffic and keep slow. People are encouraged to roll through to get pictures and enjoy the wonder. 

Overall - great for all crowds. Families love to come and take their kids. The tradition has been going on for some time now, so for some it's a walk down memory lane. Definitely something to do while taking in the holidays - a very Philly addition to the holiday tour!
A spectacular beautiful display of of holiday splendor.  Visiting Miracle On 13th Street is something my entire family looks forward to. We make a big plan each year to ride through Philadelphia, Center City and South Philly where most of the holiday lights action is. The street is lovey and the neighbors are friendly. When it's warm enough the neighbors sit on their stoops (steps) and watch the happy visitors go by or the chat about the holiday. 

Drivers understand most people coming through driving very slow to see everything because there aren't many places to park. So their patience is greatly appreciated. Keep in mind to look up, down and all around because there are decorations from the basement window to the third floor.  

THANK YOU TO THE RESIDENTS OF 13th STREET!!
I remember my dad driving us down here to see the whole street lit up. It still is amazing and they really do a great job! Traffic can be a little hectic but its worth it. We were not too far visiting my best friend so we decided to go. This was the first time my hubby was ever there to see the lights and he really enjoyed it. I loved that i saw someone dress up as "grinch" and a "gingerbread man" 

If you are in the area its definitely worth going to see!
If you are in the city during the holidays and want some Christmas spirit then swing by to see the lights. The festive display from the residents is a great way to appreciate the season. Thank you to all that take the time to decorate and showcase their homes!
Amazing over the top holiday lights display which has become the pinnacle of South Philly's colorful and cheerful yearly decorating traditions. We love bringing the kids out to see the miracle and they love to get out and gape at all the lights and hug their favorite characters. It's possible to drive through the street, but more fun to get out of the car and mill about with everyone. Seems to really put everyone is a friendly and happy mood. Free but consider a small donation to make sure this tradition continues.
The first thing I recommend is to NOT drive and expect to see everything. The drive is 20 seconds long and you can barely see over the other parked cars. Try to take bus, subway, or walk here instead. Traffic can be bad on weekend evenings. 

Every year is a little different, and each year is pretty good. The block isn't that long. It starts at Morris and ends at Tasker. You can pretty much see everything in 20 minutes.

I gave 3 stars because I hate the traffic and cars. There's no point to coming here if you don't walk. I enjoy this the most when there is the festival and the street is blocked off for pedestrians only.
