This official arboretum of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and an extension of the University, began as the summer residence of John and Lydia Morris, the children of I. P. Morris, a wealthy Quaker who made his riches in the iron business. It was originally called Compton, a mansion built on the promontory of the 92 areas above Wissahiken Creek. 

The soil was poor when they arrived, but over the years, they improved it until it supported the beautiful landscaping and exemplar botanicals found today. Sadly, the mansion was torn down about 100 years ago upon the death of Lydia, and it was bequeathed to the University in 1932. It is now an integral part of its sustainability efforts for the 21st Century. 

There are 12,000 labeled specimens in the preserve, as well as a Fernery (currently closed due to Covid), Rose Garden, and Horticultural Center within the expanded 167 acres. The walkabout for healthy outdoor folks is about 2 hours, although it can take considerably longer with a slow pace and lots of bench sitting to enjoy the surroundings. The Visitor's Center is closed temporarily, but restrooms are well maintained beneath the building. 

There are courses available throughout the year for all ages and skill levels. It is also a great place for a wedding or other occasion. 

Wear decent walking shoes as there are several miles of trails and significant elevation change from the top near the parking lot, down to the creek and back again. Water for a hot summer day and a hat are also recommended.
I've been here for a wedding reception, and to walk the grounds. I'll admit, visiting the arboretum makes one appreciate the outdoors. Especially the heavily-manicured outdoors.

This is a fine choice for a reception: it's a beautiful venue for photos, romantic for a wedding ceremony, and the visitor's center building has a patio for guests to gather. Banquet-style dining has never been so easy!

During normal days there's admission, but fortunately it's reasonable, especially considering the cost to upkeep all the trees and shrubs and garden gnomes. Before you leave, be sure to check out the Japanese garden and the Summer Palace - it's a swirl of sticks.
The Morris Arboretum is one of America's top arboretums and it is administered by the University of Pennsylvania.  80% of it is in the Chestnut Hill neighborhood of Philadelphia with the remainder spilling across the border into Montgomery County.  It's not only a beautiful place to visit but there are so many attractions as well.  These include the Treetop Walk or the Garden Railway (I think America's largest) as well as a fernery, temple, log cabin, and swan lake.  On the Montgomery County side there is a working mill.  The gardens and grounds are immaculately maintained and there is a whole series of events throughout the year including an outdoor play every summer.  If you want a respite from a hectic city, look no further than a visit to the Morris Arboretum.
Especially if you go during the summer when things are actually alive and in bloom, it's pretty hard not to enjoy a visit to Morris Arboretum simply because there is so much to see.

Key to an enjoyable visit especially in season on a weekend is to get there early.  If not, you'll either be hiking up the hill to main entrance or waiting for their shuttle bus from one of their adjunct lots at the bottom of the hill.  There is not a lot of parking in their main lot and as we were leaving in mid-afternoon cars were still streaming in.

Note that my wife and I both forgot our student ID's and the woman who took our payment didn't have a problem taking it on faith.  I'm not saying to rely on that but the website's claim of needing an ID at all times is not necessarily true.

The below links cover the important stuff regarding what's in the collection, what's currently in bloom, a map of the grounds and directions to the arboretum.

www.morrisarboretum.org/gardens.shtml
www.morrisarboretum.org/visit_directions.shtml

Plan on at least three to four hours minimum if you want to see everything and allow more if you are attending one of their special events or taking one of their many tours.

No long review needed as this place's reputation speaks for itself.  No doubt on Morris being a five star must see.

When you go:  

Regular Hours: 
Monday through Friday 10:00am - 4:00pm
Saturday and Sunday 8:00am - 5:00pm

Open daily, except for the following holidays: 
New Years Day, Thanksgiving, Christmas Eve, and Christmas Day

Extra Summer Hours:
Weekends Until 5:00pm (April - October)
Early Morning Saturdays & Sundays; garden opens at 8:00am (May - September)
Late Night Wednesdays until 8:00pm (June, July, August)

Regular Admission:
Members: Free
Adults: $19.00
Seniors (65+ years): $17.00
Youth (3-17 years): $10.00
Children under 3: Free
PennCard holders: Free
Students (must have ID): $10.00
Active and Retired Military (must have ID): $10.00
Walk In or Bike In: $10.00 (Kids $5.00)
Hey, it's an arboretum, gotta be a beautiful place to hold a wedding, right? Well, kinda. We had a wedding here last weekend and it was a pretty terrible affair. Juicebomb said it best "pictures yes, reception, no."

The food was TERRIBLE. yes, I'm a hater and that means I hate everything. but, this was serious shit. The salad was lifeless and limp. The chicken was obviously ignored and forgotten about, because it was a solid chunk of wood. They tried to salvage it with some flavorless sauce. By the time it made it to the table it had just congealed and encased the piece of 'meat'.

The staff had no idea what was going on. The chef kept running out from the kitchen area and he looked like a mess. The maitre'd was disorganized and couldn't direct her staff. The waiters were serving and then UNserving dishes, which is a massive insult to the guest. 

The weather wasn't the greatest, so the plastic tent walls were flapping all over the place. Seriously, it's an outdoor tent, find a way to secure the walls so guests don't A) freeze their asses off and B)have to keep getting up and readjust the walls. 

I feel bad trashing the place, because I'm in essence, trashing my wife's cousin's wedding, but if S & K, if you're reading this, please don't hate me.
We visited the Morris Arboretum of the University of Pennsylvania for a wedding and wow, what a venue. What was most impressive about this place, for a wedding venue, was where cocktail hour took place: on the "Out on a Limb" tree canopy walk 50 feet above the ground. How cool is that, to have drinks and hors d'oeuvres up in a tree canopy?

The setting was beautiful, especially at sunset, and it was unique. However, it wasn't perfect. The elevated walkways and standing areas were made of metal grates, so women couldn't wear stiletto heels. If you dropped a small object or something as thin as a phone (even with a protective case around it), the openings were big enough for you to lose them for good. Also, there was a bottleneck to the main platform. This caused problems when servers tried to pass around hors d'oeuvres. They sometimes couldn't make it past the narrow bridge to the main platform before running out of food. Finally, waste containers were few and far between. This caused used skewers, napkins, and cups to pile up on white tablecloth cocktail tables and that's not what those tables were meant for. Criticisms aside, I do think Out on a Limb was a really neat, memorable, and one-of-a-kind cocktail hour experience.

The wedding ceremony took place outdoors on the lawn in front of the arboretum's visitor center and shop. The lawn was on top of a small hill that had a nice view of the open blue sky. The weather was a little warm/hot, but otherwise sunny and perfect on this particular day. It was breezy during the ceremony. You could see it and hear it in the trees surrounding the lawn, and it was also picked up by the microphones. We sat near the front and could hear the couple recite their vows, but I'm pretty sure it was difficult for those sitting in the middle and back to hear. I'm guessing that's probably on the DJ and his equipment; just something to keep in mind if you're thinking about having a ceremony on the lawn.

From arrival before the ceremony through the reception, guests had access to the visitor center and shop, mainly to use restrooms. The visitor center has two floors and there are restrooms on both.

The time period before the ceremony was when we and other guests explored the arboretum. It normally costs $20 per adult to enter. I'm not a big nature/outdoors guy, so admittedly, I don't appreciate these kinds of places as much as others, like my fiancee (who once worked at a botanical garden), do. For those who don't know (I didn't), an arboretum is a botanical garden that generally showcases trees and other "woody plants" like shrubs and climbing plants like vines. We visited some gorgeous exhibits like the giant, whimsical willow sculptures (after searching online, I believe this exhibit may have been called "A Waltz in the Woods" by Patrick Dougherty) and the stately, ornate Rose Garden. We happened to catch both the bride and groom taking photos in both areas, so we must have stumbled upon two of the more picturesque places at the arboretum.

I recommend checking out Out on a Limb, A Waltz in the Woods, and the Rose Garden if you visit. They're all worth the time.

The reception mostly took place outside, around the back of the visitor center, in a covered patio space. There were about 150 guests. With the DJ, dance floor, and round tables, the space was fully utilized. It was a snug, but not uncomfortable, fit. Catering for cocktail hour and the reception was provided by Company's Coming Catering, one of the arboretum's five approved caterers. You can read my review of the catering company here: https://www.yelp.com/biz/companys-coming-catering-philadelphia-2. Both my fiancee and I, who are in the final stages of wedding planning ourselves, were impressed with Company's Coming, from the food to the service. The lower level space of the visitor center's interior was used for a wedding guestbook, gift/card reception box, bar, photo booth, and cake display/cutting.

All in all, we had a great time at the Morris Arboretum. I really enjoyed it. My fiancee said she "loved it" and considered this place a "hidden gem" (granted, we're not from the area, but this place had that kind of feel to her).
Stunning!  A treasure!  Not to be missed!

Especially in springtime when the azaleas and rhododendrons bloom, this place is just GORGeous!

Great for kids, adults, older folks - everyone.
And - if you join the Pennsylvania Horticultural Society you can visit for free!
I love this arboretum but only go once a year and wonder why.  The spring is magical, summer is spectacular and fall is fun here.  Any time is a great time for the fernery, that is my favorite part of the arboretum (look for the dinosaur!).  This last visit we had a baby and a 3 year old with us and we had a great time.  The trains, tree house and stick shell meringue thing were great for the 3 year old and even the adults!
We brought hoagies for picnicking and had to eat them in back of the visitor center where they have tables set up. I wish we could picnic in the grass.
We visit gardens all the time. 

We've been to gardens / arboretums from Nova Scotia, Canada to Charleston, South Carolina. 

This is one of the best!!
Morris Arboretum is the botanical and gardens by University of Pennsylvania that is located towards Chestnut Hill. If you do not drive, it is a 30-45 minute ride depending on traffic on the weekends and will cost one roughly 20$ one way. IF you're a Penn card holder, student, or member it is free. Adults are 17$, students are 9$, and children are free I believe. It is a large garden, so make sure to wear comfortable shoes as there is much to see, a few hills, and some muddy places if you want a better view of a lovely flower but it is moist from watering/spring/mulch. 

Landmarks that are must see
i. There are the 7 arches. It is a bridge over 7 doors, doors are probably gardening tool sheds below. It's super hard to nab a photo because people keep walking across the bridge or pose by 1 door. 

ii. The small arch by swan lake. It looks bigger in photos on the website, but it's actually super small. Like 2 people can probably fit under it. We came during the spring cherry blossom festival, so the view wasn't as majestic and powerful as a fall scene. 

iii. The Log cabin- Makes a nice picturesque photo alongside the greenery 

iv. The bird nest
It's actually hard to get a super "artistic" photo with this. First, the bridge is narrow but is heavily guarded with metal and fencing, and so it's hard to get a photo in front of the entrance of the bird nest. From the outside, it's also hard to snap a photo because the trees and canopy that the nest is erected in blocks much of the view. 

v. Canopy netting and bridge
It's super cool to see how old the chestnut oak is that we ascend up to since the netting is build alongside the canopy of the tree. This tree is almost 300 years old! The view from above looks over to Chestnut Hill College that looks like a castle from Edinburgh Scotland.
The Morris Arboretum...inhale and exhale...I felt I entered into a garden wonderland. It's truly a beautiful place and so tranquil. As a person who truly appreciates nature and marvel at it's beautiful diversity, I have to say I was in my zone! I was pleased with everything, even the simplicity. Some highlights are the tree house with a human- sized bird nest; the rose garden; and the expansive lawn section with unique & imported trees. Honestly, it's really a romantic place or a great place to refresh your perspective. 

The bathrooms were in good condition and comfortable to use. There's seating throughout the self-guided tour, although there is a tour guide at specified times. I'm so looking forward to returning and seeing more additions. 

$20 for non-member admissions, but I think I might become a member!

The pictures are a tease, please visit for yourself.
I came here once with friends, and I must say that the mini outdoor railroad was the draw for me.  I was imagining that I had shrunk down enough to ride the train.  " CHOO CHOO!" I would yell, as I rode the rails, round and round like a miniature hobo, waving and blowing kisses to the confused crowd of onlookers. 
" Look at the tiny fat man!" a child would exclaim to their parents.
some would run away in horror but i feel like i would eventually win them over, with a wink or a thumbs up ( or both!)
  I guess I was a little too caught up in my mini railroad fantasy cause, when I snapped out of it my friends were gone and a maintenence man was looking at me funny. As I tried to find everyone I marvelled at the beauty of the place.
 As others have pointed out, the price was a little steep, but  I have a tip that works at most of these places. Become a member. Usually you get your moneys worth after 2 or 3 visits and most have country wide sister sites where your membership is also valid. Membership lasts a year and you also recieve discounts and perks like members only events.
  I havent been there in a while but I think its time to go back, there is a tiny enginer cap that has my name on it.
This place is expensive.  I recommend, if you want to visit, trying to do it all in one day to save money.  Membership is a better deal if you live nearby and plan on visiting frequently.  It's nice, and there's some really awesome stuff about it, but I don't feel like it's really worth the price.  I also think there are some things that are very lacking about the ecological practices and perpsective offered by this place.

I think of myself as pretty well-off, but dropping $16 for admissions to a place like this is just not something I can afford to do more than once in a while.  They're also competing with a number of other arboretums, parks, and natural areas, which are either much cheaper, or free (an overwhelming majority of natural areas in this region are free, and there's no scarcity of them).

I also think the high price effectively makes this place less accessible to people with less disposable money.  It falls under the umbrella of the University of Pennsylvania, an institution that isn't exactly hurting for money, so the steep price doesn't sit well with me thinking of this as a not-for-profit educational organization.

What do I like most about this place?  I love the labels on the plants--one of the plusses of visiting an arboretum instead of just seeing plants out and about in nature or in people's gardens.  There are some big labels, and, more common, smaller, copper labels.  Most trees and shrubs are labelled, and many clumps of flowers and smaller herbaceous plants are also labelled (although in many cases they have migrated and reproduced so the plants' location doesn't always correspond exactly to the sign or label).

Another thing I love is the elevated walkway, which not only has some fun netting that allows you (and kids) to safely look straight down from the canopy to the forest floor below, a larger-than-lifesize bird nest, with a neat educational display about bird nests, and lots of areas of walkway that allow you to look at the forest canopy at eye-level...that's a really unique opportunity, and this is one of the best places I've seen where you can do this.

One thing that I think is lacking here, that I really would like to see the place work on more, is their awareness of (and practices surrounding) native plants and invasive plants.  Several things:

* The gardens themselves, although they look pretty and neatly manicured, are heavily overrun with invasive plants.  Although the untrained eye may not notice, if you look for them, you'll see lesser celandine, greater celandine, garlic mustard, and many other invasives.  I know these plants are tough to control--but this isn't exactly an undisturbed wild area, most of the grounds are a heavily-manicured garden.  Given how much much energy they put into maintaining this place so it looks as neat and pristine as it does, I think they could do a better job controlling the invasives.  And it's not like they lack funding.  They clearly are just spending the money somewhere else.

* Although there are some great signs and panels throughout the gardens that draw attention to a variety of important environmental issues and lessons about ecology, one thing that I saw that was lacking is the discussion of the distinction between native and non-native plants in terms of their effects for supporting wildlife.  The only thing I saw about this was a sign that mentioned that deer like to eat native plants.

* The gardens themselves seem to be glorifying the gathering and distribution of plants beyond their native range, both by displaying plants from all over the world, to highlighting people who collected and distributed plants in this manner on little biographical plaques.  I am worried that this could encourage people to distribute plants in ways that could cause them to become invasive.

This is not a theoretical concern.  When I was a kid, I came to visit here, and I felt inspired to do this myself, after visiting.  And I actually did--I gathered some trees, including non-native ones, including ones that could become invasive, and planted them in my yard.  I think this practice has negative impacts on wild ecosystems and I think that this arboretum, through the way it displays and talks about plants, actually encourages these practices.

I think it can be okay to display plants from other parts of the world, but I think it is VERY IMPORTANT that if you're going to do so, to have a heavy emphasis on how to do so responsibly.  This means (a) refraining from planting anything itself that has the potential to become invasive (b) drawing constant attention to the fact that it can be ecologically dangerous to gather species and plant them outside their native ranges. (c) balancing the display of non-native specimens with an emphasis on native ones.

Native plants is where the Morris Arboretum really seems to lag behind. There are so many plants native to this region that can't be found in this garden. I'd love to see this change.
I've been to Morris Arboretum probably 4 times over the nearly 10 years I've lived in the area and I visited yesterday on what was a gorgeous, unseasonably warm day on a long holiday weekend. First mistake. I'd never had a bad experience here and always loved the gardens and thought of them as very peaceful, a totally relaxing atmosphere. This time it was positively mobbed with families with small children tearing around in a screaming frenzy mingling with the stroller brigade. Because it is not a huge property there was literally nowhere you could go to escape the noise and insanity. I noticed they had acquired some more large scale sculpture pieces.... because there were children climbing all over them, being hoisted ONTO the art by ridiculous oblivious parents. Parents who were also busy helping their yowling brats into the specimen trees and trucking through the flower beds. 

I also hadn't anticipated the huge increase in admission to this chaotic playground... while it used to be $10 for adults, I now had the pleasure of paying $16 for an hour and a half of unflagging madness. No thanks! I'll stick to Chanticleer or make the trek to Storm King where I can enjoy sculpture works and well considered garden spaces without the brat garnish. Never again, Morris!
This is one of Philadelphia's true hidden gems. This preserved area is a fantastic place to take children, or just to get out, take a walk and admire.
I am a member and it makes me feel good about contributing.
This place was really quite disappointing.  It really isn't that large, and unless you're a UPenn student or alum, it's $10.  There are less than 100 acres in the place, which means it's pretty easy to walk through the whole thing in a couple hours.  The gardens are pretty, but I was hoping for more of a rolling park than a mile-long path.

The rose garden was pretty, but of all the elements, I appreciated the fernery most.  It was an enclosed greenhouse filled with different varieties of ferns.  There was a fountain in the middle and an alcove that housed a statue of buddha.  While small, it was very tranquil.

It is also a shame that they don't allow you to bring your own food and drink.  It would be a great place to unload a blanket and a bottle of wine and wile away the afternoon.
I can't say enough wonderful things about Morris Arboretum.  While I haven't been to other arboretums in the area to compare, everything about Morris just beautiful, friendly, inspiring, and joyful.

My husband and I had our wedding reception at Morris in August, and it was perfect.  We lucked out with beautiful weather, sunny and low 70s, and the venue couldn't have been better for us or our guests.  The cocktail hour in the Pennock garden was gorgeous, and we rented the golf carts so guests could easily get around and tour the arboretum if they wished.  So many people told us how much they loved Morris and wanted to return to see  more of it.  Dinner and dancing under the tent out back was awesome.  Everything went smoothly, and the everyone we worked with at Morris was great.  BYO alcohol was another perk.

Weddings aside, Morris is amazing.  I've probably gone 4-5 times now just to visit (not wedding planning), and every time I love it.  Spring and summer are beautiful of course, but early fall and Christmastime are also great times to go.  Most recently I went back with my husband and family to see the Holiday Garden Railway.  It's so cute!  Model trains of all types (including Amtrak, gondolas, and Thomas)... natural bridges and tunnels cut out of trees... and replica Philadelphia area historic buildings made out of bark (including Betsy Ross house, Lemon Hill, Washington's HQs in Valley Forge and many others).  Very interesting and adorable.

I highly encourage anyone who enjoys nature to check it out.  Great for kids too.  Gardens, trees, flowers, sculptures, fun seasonal events, and of course a giant tree house... what's not to love.  The Japanese garden, Italian grotto, and the fernery are my personal favorites.  If you're looking for something different to do, definitely consider spending several lovely hours walking around Morris - you won't be disappointed.
I try to get here in the fall and then again in the springtime. It's so beautiful and peaceful. It's right by where I ride my horse so I'll try to grab a quick walk there before I go riding. I LOVE the Cherry Blossom festival, and they have concerts in the park and stuff. If you join for $60 (per person or $90 for families) you can walk through  and see the events and exhibits for free. A great place to get back to nature. Not so great if you have allergies but pop a claritin and go!  A+++
My current picture was taken in the Rose Garden at the Morris Arboretum. It's a great getaway within the city, and you can hold a wedding there*. The only comment I offer to Serendipity K's review is that it's in NW Philly, in the valley between Chestnut Hill and Lafayette Hill. 

*Due to the awkward tent/building setup and required DJ placement, I do not recommend having your reception there. Pictures, yes, reception, no.
Just came here this past weekend on Saturday 4/11 for the Cherry Blossom Festival, except.. there were were no cherry blossoms to be found, lol. However, they will probably be in full bloom around this weekend. I was disappointed, but unfortunately you can't control Mother Nature. I definitely would of had a better experience if everything had bloomed because there wasn't too much to look at. For the price of $16/adult, I would say that it was pretty overpriced. I guess they have to charge this much for the maintenance but I feel like they shouldn't. It is UPenn after all, I don't think they are hurting that bad. 

Not sure if I would come back to be honest (and it's also quite the drive for me), unless I knew everything had already blossomed. There are many arboretums, parks, natural scenic areas that are much more beautiful, larger, and also free. I did have a very peaceful time here I'll admit but we were able to walk through the arboretum fairly quickly. 

Their cafe here (Compton Cafe) is green restaurant certified which is nice to know - helping our environment out by sending less waste! However, I have no comment on the food though because the line was too long and we had already finished walking the entire arboretum. The lady at the front desk was very nice. But overall, my experience here was alright, it was nothing too memorable.
Absolutely beautiful.

Really it's hard to describe this place without lots of photos, so I'll instead give you some advice: Bring a camera, and take lots of photos.  Or don't bring a camera, and just absorb the heavenly landscape, walking around slowly until you find inner peace.  If you're the one-with-nature type you will love everything about this place.

Having looked into holding a wedding there, I can say a few things.  First of all, they have a list of caterers to choose from, so complaints about the food are not exactly relevant.  That said, they do limit your reception to a rather expensive list of caterers and the site isn't cheap either, although I haven't been able to find any similar locations for comparison.

I could name favorite parts, but really all you need to know is that the place is just plain beautiful, so I will leave it at that.
I can only write about this place from a picture-taking, flower smelling perspective (no weddings for me).  The trees are gorgeous and exotic.  The rose garden is the perfect spot to steal a kiss from the one you love (sappy, I know - although I've never kissed anyone here!).  

The katsura tree is reason enough to go see this park.  The Japanese zen garden is peaceful (as intended) and gorgeous.  Just trust me, you'll enjoy this.  And if you're a Penn alum or employee you get a discount!
My family recently attended a wedding ceremony and reception here. It was by far my favorite wedding that I have attended. We were fortunate with the weather, had it rained or been cold, I'm not sure I'd say the same thing. The garden is beautiful, immaculately maintained, and the areas where the reception was held was beautiful decorated. A very unique and lovely wedding experience. Great place to take photos, too.
I really didn't know what to expect when visiting or how this spot wound up on my radar. I did know that I wanted to be outside and see some pretty leaves on a perfect autmn day. So I headed out on October 30th. I was visiting with my friend Quinn, and we didn't follow the correct path through the Arboretum. We stumbled through the grounds until we found a trail, but we actually did the whole day perfectly. We kept discovering cooler and cooler things until we finished with the tree canopy, which is actually where you're supposed to start.

Its hard to tell about everything that is here, but I do recommend that everyone checks this place out. Students get in for $7. Some of my highlights include baby redwood trees, the log cabin, all of the info about exotic trees, the mini train and railroad, and the beautiful landscape in general. 

Because they have so many different trees that thrive in all kinds of climets, you could basically visit any time of the year and see something interesting.
Attended a wedding here.  An amazing party for an amazing couple at an equally amazing venue.  So beautiful.  The wedding aisle was set up facing rolling hills.  At 6pm the verdant hills in the distance took on a hazy, romantic cast.  Cocktails happened in the rose garden which was full in bloom and heavy with the fragrance of blooming Provencal lavender.   The clear open tent over the reception tables and under the large oak trees were perfect to protect when a thunder and lightning storm came in to cool off the steamy night.  And mosquitoes?  Absolutely none.
Probably the best thing we've had a membership to since we moved to Philadelphia five years ago.  We visit at least monthly, maybe more often.  It's great for a picnic, photography, nature with kids, etc. 

For the kids:
- I LOVE that my daughter can run around and there is no worry about broken glass, trash, traffic, etc. 
- There are bathrooms along the way for emergency stops 
- Trees and statues are not for climbing, but it's NOT a "you have to stay on the path" kind of place either.

For everyone:
- I also like that many of the plants and trees are labeled so we're always learning. 
- Things are changed around seasonally, so there always seems to be new things to see or different parts to explore.
- The air literally smells sweet with the planned gardens and flower beds.
- Even in the winter, when it's not bitterly cold, we have a good time going around and warming up in the "fern house" when we need to.

Downsides: Parking does seem to get crowded on Sunday afternoons or when there's special events, but overall, we usually have a good time. they could (and maybe should) do a little more to be kind to the earth...
Beautiful arboretum tucked away in the Northeast Philadelphia area.  The rose garden is amazing and has a very cool geometric design, you can get up close to any of the flowers and you won't get yelled at for touching or smelling the roses.  They also have an interesting garden railway display and all sorts of unique garden ornaments hidden throughout the arboretum. Just remember to bring your insect repellent! :)
A sunny but chilly day for a visit.  I assumed that was why buy one admission and get the 2nd free was offered for the month of January.  Most areas and trees were bald, but huge to look at.  We had a wonderful older gentleman for a guided tour for TWO.  We learned so much and he walked us around many areas for the arboretum.  We absorbed knowledge, history, and humor during the tour.

I definitely will be back during the warmer weather.  "The arboretum changes daily!" said by the tour guide.
While I only go there every once in awhile (more frequent when the kids were little) it is absolutely gorgeous and a wonderful place to gather a few thoughts surrounded by greenitude.  Be sure to go in June when the roses are out, or when the cool railway thing is up--or anytime, for that matter.
Me and my boyfriend went to the Morris Arboretum yesterday, November 11th, 2019, Veterans day.
Before going, we checked out the website and were so excited with all the exhibits and flower gardens and waterfalls and train exhibit, but to our dismay, there was nothing in bloom the trees were all bare, all the Roses had already died, the train wasn't working, none of the waterfalls were working. We paid $20 a piece to get in and saw nothing but bare trees. I think they should close this place down until everything is in bloom like they do at Chanticlear, a pleasure Garden in Wayne PA. When we drove in the guy that took our money got us so excited about everything we would see, the same from the attendant in the Welcome Center. Save your money and call before going to see if everything is blooming and the train is working in the waterfalls are working. We will never go back there again what a rip off. Really wanted to give no stars but I had to give something.
I'm writing this review while laying on my back on their treetop hammocks, staring into the tree canopy and blue sky above!
It's so peaceful and I feel like the air has extra oxygen from all the plants. :) you can definitely smell the flowers while walking around. 
Beautiful place to stroll around, enjoy being outside and see a huge variety of flowers, trees, and plants. 
It's very well cared for, with many paved walking paths, and many offshoot trails. Sculptures, flowery displays and informational signs everywhere you look.
There are a couple spots our two little kids (5 & 3) enjoyed: the treetop nets and giant birds nest, the log cabin, model train area, and the swan pond. 
There is a small gift shop. 
If you want to walk and see everything, you can prob do it in 3 hours.
Great for what it is: a relaxing place to enjoy nature that isn't too far from the city.  You can enjoy all the features of the landscape in half a day or less.  There is a relaxing walk around the perimeter and you can also meander off the trail.  Not too busy and I also got to spot quite a few raptors.  I would go back as well as recommend this spot to others looking for a quick a convenient stop.  If you have more time and don't mind the drive, Longwood Gardens is nice.
My parents were visiting us from out of state and as my mother just passed her Master Gardener program she had heard about the Morris Arboretum and suggested that we go.  I'm usually pretty lazy and would rather watch a movie or go stuff my face somewhere than be out walking around admiring nature. Also, it was about 100 degrees. Nonetheless, I.. dare I say, really really enjoyed myself!
The grounds are well kept and and the pathways nicely laid out.. the rose garden and the area with all the little trains were a couple of the spots we spent the most time in. We'll have to go back to see the redwoods; it was just getting way too hot that day to continue. My favorite spot was the area in the beginning where you walk along this metallic bridge built high among the trees and they have these large cones that you put against your ears to show you what its like to hear like squirrels.  (except I noticed that there are a bunch of wasps living inside the handrail bars of that structure....  a problem that should probably be addressed pretty quickly). 
It was overall a very nice escape from city life without the long car ride to or steeper prices for Longwood Gardens.
Seriously one of my favorite places in Philly!  I love the grounds and find it perfectly relaxing and delightful.  There are a lot of different things to explore - the Tree House, the twig house and the railway.  As it's an arboretum, there are obviously a number of gorgeous trees to sit under and ponder your place in the world.  And, if you work for Penn, show your Penncard and get in for free!
The fact that I grew up in Mt. Airy and my parents never took me to the Morris Arboretum practically counts as child abuse!  What a great find.  Even as an adult, I thought, eh, why would I go there, it's just a bunch of trees and grass.  And then I went, and wanted to stay forever!  Just so lovely and peaceful.  Great for exercising if you want to go for a long walk, or just for hanging out w/ a book or a journal.  And the food in the cafe is even pretty good!
We visited this arboretum the first week that it opened since the COVID shutdown. 

First of all, the woman at the entry point was very rude to my Mother and I did not appreciate it at all. It did NOT make a good first impression on any of us and it was all of our (me, my Mom, my husband) first times here. 

I researched the least popular days and times to visit since I do not feel safe being near people during COVID. We went on a slow day and time. I'm grateful that we did because while a lot of the people we saw along the way were wearing masks, there were quite a few who were not...including a group of 6-7 people. It made me uncomfortable and I made sure to get around them as quickly as possible. 

Their visitor center and some other "exhibits" are understandably closed due to covid (at least they were the first week they opened which is when we visited). 

They have hand sanitizing stations throughout the grounds. 

There was one employee working in one part of a garden that was extremely nice and friendly. He should swap places with the woman at the entry point! 

We were EXTREMELY disappointed that nothing seemed to be taken care of. The roses were all pretty dead and/or underwhelming. A lot of the grounds looked like no one took care of them for months...which they probably didn't because of the pandemic. But here's my problem with that, there's no reason why you can't send staff in to maintain the gardens if you have just a few people going in there or one person per station, etc. etc. It's easy to take care of watering/weeding, etc while socially distancing.  Because at some point, you are going to reopen and when you do, you are going to want people to come back to PAY to visit and when they do, they don't want to walk around and see a bunch of dead flowers. If that's the case, the price point should have been lowered. You already have a lot of the exhibits closed (which is fine) but on top of that, we paid $60 for three of us to walk around and see things we could have seen for free at Ridley Creek State Park. 

THE WORST PART...

is that I was just researching Longwood Gardens and I realized that Longwood Gardens is $25 a ticket. So you mean to tell me, we can come to Morris Arboretum which is very small (especially comparatively), be treated rudely by the first people we encounter, then walk around and see dead roses for $60 OR we can pay $75 to go to Longwood Gardens which have MUCH larger grounds, way more exhibits including fountain shows set to music???? That's a no brainer. 

We would never waste our money coming here again. Maybe in the future, everything wouldn't be dead and the "exhibits" would be open but I would much rather pay $15 more for a much better experience on much larger grounds. I don't know how they get away with these prices. It's just not worth it. I'm sorry to give a negative review because I know everyone is hurting with the economy but at the same time, people are spending their money during uncertain times and that is just as important. During a time like this, I just don't want to pay $60 for this experience. It simply isn't a $60 experience (in my opinion) and people deserve to hear honest opinions no matter what when they are deciding what to do, where to go, and what to spend their money on.
If you are looking for somewhere to do a lot of things, this may not be the place. But if you are looking to be outdoors and somewhere peaceful, this is the place!
It does seem like they do a lot of events though.

I came here for the first time Saturday for the Cherry Blossom Festival but was most excited to sit on the nets from the tree. The giant bird's nest with the 3 eggs was cool too. A lot of the trees were still pretty bare from the winter.

I want to come back when the trees are full of leaves and the flowers are blooming.
It was a nice place for a day outside filled with generally familys and elder couples.

If I lived closer, I would definitely have a membership and come sit and read on the net all the time.
The perfect place for a family day! We came here on a Sunday, and it took about 3 hours to stroll all the grounds and check out all of the little areas, gardens and trails. It's bit more child friendly then Longwood Gardens and has a a couple more places for them to explore. I loved the treetop view bridge area, as well as the little cabin on the lake. This whole place is wonderful for exploring!
We spent the entire day at day at the Morris Arboretum and found the place to be very educational and well thought out - it fully exceeded our expectations.   My two year old son loved the Garden Railway and the Tree Adventure.     We arrived right as they opened enabling us to avoid some of the heavier traffic that showed up late morning and early afternoon.   

The staff was informative and courteous, the grounds were clean and the prices were affordable (even lunch in the cafe).   We will certainly be returning.
Wonderful outdoors gem right at the edge of Chestnut Hill.  I love their special programs as well.  In particular, my son loves the annual summertime outdoor hobby train exhibit.  The staff is also always friendly and helpful.

The admission/parking fee is a little expensive for what you get in any individual visit, but the annual membership with free parking is well worth it.
Amazing, relaxing day spent at Morris Arboretum. Much better of an experience than I could imagine. My favorite part was laying in the ropes above the trees - highly recommend.
This place has vastly improved within the last year.  There is now a huge treehouse and bird nest which is amazing.  You can get a great view below on the path or walk across the bridge to the tree house.  There are two cute blue eggs inside the bird nest.  I came here last Saturday for the Cherry Blossom Festival.  Inside the visitors center, there was a huge origami event with adults and kids.  Later on, we were told there were drumming as well.  It was still a bit cold so the cherry trees were not in full bloom.  We'll have to come back once everything here is in full bloom.  Admission is $16 which is pretty hefty when you compare this to Longwood Gardens.  But, you can tell that the admission really goes into maintaining the arboretum.  Plus, Wissahickon is close by if you really want to do some real hiking instead of strolling through paved paths.
Came here for our engagement photos. The staff was super friendly from the moment you drove in. We parked down the hill because the parking lot was full, but they had shuttles coming every few minutes to take you. 

The only thing was we weren't not allowed to change into different outfits for our shoot or go into the bathroom to do so quickly. Overall it was such a beautiful place. They even host weddings here too. Thank you for letting us have our photos there.
I gave it 5 stars because we came at the the best time to visit. We specifically came for the adirondack chairs on display. Here is the website http://goo.gl/hOOAI. We used our half off coupon off the tickets. We arrived on Monday at 1pm and there were only a few people because this was the last two days of the adirondack chair exhibit. Parking is free and plentifull. The place is stroller, wheelchair and electric wheelchair friendly. The bathrooms scattered in the park is surprisingly clean and well kept. Bring comfortable shoes because you will be doing a lot of walking. A nice wide hat would be a nice addition too. There are several benches scattered all over the arboretum to rest your weary feet. Remember to bring a water bottle with you, you will surely need it.
One of my favorite places to go during the spring bloom and summer months. Very large with distinct areas including meadows, sculptures gardens, greenhouses, rose gardens, and many water fixtures. Saw many impressive trees such as dawn redwoods, hinoki cypresses, blue spruces, and others varieties that I'm still learning. I appreciate the helpful name tags on the trees and plant beds. Good place to take your family to get away from screens. 

*Would give this place 5 stars if it weren't for the blonde white lady in the front where you pay for tickets. She is very bossy and drunk with power!!!*
We came here on a picturesque fall day right in the middle of the leaves changing colors. Some trees were a fiery red deeper than the Yelp color. Some still retained their green color for the time being. But the spectrum of colors in between made for some beautiful photos. 

The scarecrow festival was happening during the time we were there and so many creative designs popped out to me. My favorite was the teenage mutant ninja turtle though. Not only well done, but a place in my heart from my childhood. 

Some people complain about the price, but I had a Penn ID card so that wasn't an issue. Also, we rode bikes here, which would have cut the cost in half. The ride from 30th St station passes through some beautiful trails, but is a bit long.
We went here to soothe our spring fever. Even though there is not much in bloom just yet, it was a great place to take in the outdoors. There is plenty to explore along the various paths, from sculptures and birdhouses to the suspension bridge and tree walk. It's a great option for a romantic stroll or fun with the kiddos. It cost $16 per adult ($8 if kids, military, & students). The annual membership is $75 for a couple, $60 for individual. This includes free admission for a year along with several other perks (see website). It's a good deal. Highly recommended.
Best arboritum I have ever been to. I can tell on this almost 100 acres,  trees and shrubs are happy. We were very happy too.
I'm so glad I decided to stop by here! We went on a Thursday morning, so there were not too many people, which gave ample space to roam around without being crowded in a certain location.

The lady at the visitor center did say a complete walk through would only take about an hour, but I would highly recommend setting aside a few hours to be able to walk around the whole aboretum and spend time to chill in certain spots (such as at the the canopy and the rose garden or the many benches to rest at thoughout the whole place). 

This location is big enough to seem like a nice getaway from the city and offers a huge range of trees/plants/flowers for all and also attractions for people of all ages. 

There's also a cafe that serves a few items if you do work up an appetite walking around. Nothing too fancy though.

Also make sure to check out the Fernery!
Purely from the standpoint of scenery, Morris Arboretum is fairly nice.  It is, for the most part, a relaxing place to visit, although a goodly portion of the area is bounded by a fairly busy roadway that allows lots of traffic noise to intrude on the otherwise-serene scenery.  The place has lots of different types of plants and trees and shrubs, and in some areas, they are laid out nicely.  In other areas, they are rather plain and ordinary--not much different than what visitors could find in their own neighborhoods or in smaller, local-area parks that don't charge a penny to see/visit/enjoy.

More than anything else, though, we both felt that this place was over priced.  At $20/person, it simply cost too much money for the comparatively small size of the grounds and the comparatively short amount of time that can be spent visiting.  Our visit took a little less than one hour, and we were NOT hurrying our visit.

Longwood Gardens and Winterthur are not all that far away from Morris, and they are much more enjoyable and far more worthwhile places to visit.

Would-be visitors to Morris Arboretum should note that this place is going to be VERY busy and crowded on just about any pleasant weekend.  We visited on a drizzly chilly Saturday in April, and it was surprisingly busy.  Nicer weather would only make that situation worse.
This place is awesome. No more needs to be said.  My son and I had a week in Philly and the city was so overwhelming it was nice to go here and be quiet and outside without worrying about getting abducted or murdered
This is a nice place for those with a green thumb. It's all about nature.

I've been here a few times for retreats. It really feels good to escape the city from time to time. The meeting room space works out very well. I enjoyed their breakfast and lunch catering.

There is lots to explore. I like walking the tree house and checking out everything that is blooming.
Just a beautiful,  tranquil and peaceful garden right on the edge of chestnut hill.  I have so many good things to say about this wonderful place,  but not enough room.  My wife and I adore this place,  it's comparable to paradise!  Do yourself a favor and take a daytime trip there.
Morris Arboretum can't be beat as a place to go on a beautiful November day in Philadelphia (and I'm sure other months as well). Arrival and parking is efficient and the arboretum is big enough to avoid crowding but compact enough to be able to see everything you want to. From beautiful gardens and trees to original sculptures and an amazing, restored greenhouse, Morris Arboretum is a terrific place for a walk alone or with others. The staff is very friendly and knows what they are doing. When my father unknowingly dropped his credit card at the parking gate,  a staff member was at the arboretum entrance discreetly asking for people by his name. My son also got a friendly reminder that footballs are not allowed on the grounds, and an offer to keep his football in the gift shop so we didn't have to walk back to the car with it. A great feature, for kids and adults alike, is the amazingly complex circuit of model trains that run through a section of the arboretum, with scale models of Philadelphia landmarks dotting the route. Don't forget to bring your camera -- you will definitely see more than one thing worth memorializing when you visit.
Went yesterday with my 7 year old son on a whim. We are in love with Morris Arboretum. Even my 7 year old commented several time that is was beautiful and peaceful. We walked and talked and spent quality time together. We will be going back very soon and will be getting the family membership. They take such good care of the grounds. Our favorite part is the rope net in the trees. I laid back, looked up at the sky and felt the breeze. I could have taken a nap. I may bring a book and sit in there and read. I recommend to anyone- young or old! You can even bring your own food and picnic at one of the tables. The train sets are spectacular and the rose garden is so fragrant and of course appealing to the eye as well.
Seems like nice gardens. Unfortunately we didn't get to enjoy them. My toddler fell and started bleeding. No staff in site. We finally got back to the visitors center. It was locked. Had to knock and knock to get the attention of the person inside, who didn't know anything about a first aid kit. After waiting outside as she went to look for a manager, with my daughter screaming, they finally gave us a band aid. I'd hate to think what would happen in a real emergency.
I went here to experience the annual train display that is put on during the holidays through the new year. It was a cold, windy day, and well everything is outside,  so I didn't get a chance to fully take in the premises, but what I saw was beautiful. They even had a replica bird's nest- very nice! 

While I enjoyed the train show and the attention to detail of the replica buildings accompanied with a written history description of each, I am really looking forward to returning in the spring or summer when things are in full bloom and I hear that concerts are hosted here. Definitely worth the visit.
