No expectations. That's all I had of the Mummer's Museum because I'm from Dallas (don't judge), but have lived in Philly for over 10 years. I've done the parade, I've done 2 street. Plus I do love sequins! 
I took a group of locals to the museum for a day trip. 

A few things, in list form:

The 1st floor:
1. We were the only ones there (there was seven of us)
2. One of the four staff we would eventually see, was sitting at her desk in a back room, not at the front desk. 
3. The first floor is cavernous, and I mean it has a semi "empty" feeling. There are less than five mannequins on display. And a large replica of Smarty Jones. Not sure where that is fitting in with the theme.
4. No pamphlets or map to direct us, but overall it could pass as self guided experience. 
5. There is rolling TV playing a video of performances, no commentary about the clubs performing, what they are performing, or any information in general. 
The organization of the first floor should be considered. 


The 2nd floor:
There is no music playing at all on the 2nd floor. Isn't' that what the Mummers are known for? Music would set the tone of the experience for the museum.
1. It's dated and dusty. There doesn't seem to be much attention to the upkeep of the displayed costumes, which should be the biggest draw to the museum. The costumes were dusty or falling apart. They were ID'd, but should have been displayed in yearly progression for fluidity. 
2. Over half of the interactive displays did not work. Including a Terminator display, a marching route map display, and fact board display. One particular exhibit had ear cones? to listen to, the sign stating "temporarily under maintenance" was dated and folding over itself. Apparently "temporary means 'indefinite'"
3. There is a large show room of props and costumes as well as places to sit, but it's amateurish, obviously neglected area.
4. You can try on Mummer's costumes in one exhibit. That was a lot of fun, definitely a plus. They only had adult sizes though, they should have children sizes as well since they have children participate in the parade.
5. All the pictures on display are from the 70's and 80's. Nothing to show progression in the 21st century. 
6. There is information about how the Mummers came to be and some of their activities which was nice and informative. 

Lower Level:
1. Large event area
2. It has a stage
3. There are BINGO groups that meet there, which I think could be turned into a great money maker if organized right. 


Overall suggestions: 
1. More Costumes on display, in progressive, yearly order
2. Weekly/monthly maintenance of the exhibits
3. Fix the displays
4. Play music upstairs
5. Have interactive family style, BINGO games involving dressed up Mummers with hot dogs/soda, and music to help raise money for the museum.
6. Update display pictures to reflect current events
7. More interactive media demonstrating the different groups, what they do, and how they set themselves apart from everyone else.
Love the Mummer's Museum!  Yeah, it is tacky and kind of dumpy, but to me that truly embodies Philadelphia.
The summer mummer concerts are a great time.
This place was absolutely amazing. I recently coordinated a wedding here and the staff was extremely helpful and knowledgeable. The venue itself was beautiful and the museum stayed open for the duration of the wedding allowing the guests really enjoy (and learn more about ) the mummer culture. I thought the venue looked much larger on the inside than the outside and had an amazing balcony overlooking the stage (where the couple had their ceremony). I think the bride and groom would agree it was the perfect place to get married.
We are big supporters of the Mummers - and my little girl just loves the parade - especially the comics.

I am partial to the Fancy Brigades, myself.

Anyhow, this SMALL museum (kind of a glorified practice hall) is a once-must-see Philadelphia experience.  Neat.
It looks big on the outside but it's got that super-strange-hole-in-the wall experience  once you go in. I love it, and recommend it to anyone who wants to get a taste for Philly's weird side. 

Also, the museum is a really big south Philly community feature. They are often having little fairs, festivals, flea markets, town meetings, and there's live music (performed by out-of-costume Mummers String Bands) on Thursdays in the Summer. Its a hoot!

Of course, you should make it a priority to see the Mummers perform for real.
Not a place I would recommend to someone from outside of Philly. If you are not familiar with the Mummers, this place would only leave a bad taste in your mouth. It was cool to see the winning costumes from these years' winners, but other than that, most exhibits were from the 70's and 80's. Maybe go if you want to check out costumes up close, other than don't bother. Even though I only paid $3.50 to get in, I was pretty disappointed. I think I would have rather had a beer.
I've lived less than a half mile from the museum for five years and, now that I'm moving away, decided I finally had to check it out. Now don't set your expectations high, people, but the fact is it's a hoot -- and more than worth an hour of your time. Also admission is by donation! My daughter and I put $7 in the bucket (because we thought it was $3.50 for adults) and patted ourselves on the back. From reading the other reviews, I expected all the info to date from the 80s, but many of the AMAZING costumes on display were from the last couple of years. Some of the displays are indeed broken (or lacking lightbulbs?) but others (like the musical instrument exhibit and Mummers' strut instructions) work fine. I'm sure if someone would like to donate a few million to bring the whole place up to date, the museum board would accept it happily. But even as is, it's a fun resource for the community.
Are you kidding? Museum? The term Is very loosely used in this case. I think I went to the National Museum of Twine Balls on a road-trip in my youth and found that place more deserving of the moniker.  

Look... I'm a Philly boy and I have the same love/disgust relationship that every other not-dyed-in-the-wool-2-Streeter has with Mummery... and in fact I live a mere block from the place, but if you are open-minded and interested in trying to find the engaging "bright side" of this tradition, you will NOT find it at The Mummers Museum:  Expect every negative stereotype you walk in with to be doubly reinforced by your departure.  

The place is a pathetic dump, really little more than an overblown version of the 2 Street NYC/NYA clubs around the corner.  Every single aspect of it, from the tacky orange-brick firehouse-like exterior to the tired and barely-curated interior are woeful.  Only worth the trip if you are high and looking for a campy giggle-fest.  Sorry.
Kind of eery to walk through and look at the costumes without the Mummers wearing them. Believe the term is German, extension of their Carnivale festivities. Is the Mummers parade in October/November? Cold season? 

Is this the Philly version of a German American Mardi Gras Parade?

Oh well, curiousity is best explored for new adventures.
I've never actually visited the "museum".  I've been inside but only to vote as it is my polling station, and as far as polling stations go it is the coolest one I've ever been to, but that's not saying much since most voting stations are in school cafeterias or the like.  As far as visiting the museum I wouldn't expect much. 

Mostly this review revolves around the museums backyard which is basically just a parking lot with a stage...sounds pretty lame I know, but on Thursday evenings in the Summer the stage is filled up with a different Mummer string band each week for a neighborhood show.  Neighbors bring folding chairs and fill the area to watch and dance.  

It's a tame experience by Mummer's standards, although lots of people are casually drinking a few beers.  Overall, its a fun family-friendly evening.
I loved it because I like strange and eccentric things. My wife thought it was creepy.
Adult admission is $3.50, which is an excellent indication of what to expect here...

The history of the Mummers is pretty fascinating, and the Museum does a pretty good job of presenting it.  But there have got to be more details and artifacts that they could include in this place.
The Museum is sadly rundown, and it appears that the Mummers themselves don't give a hang.  Trim is peeling off the walls.  Light bulbs are blown out.  Some electronic displays don't run.  The info on the placards is nearly impossible to read, because the paint is worn off in many places.  
For such a huge tradition with so many participants, it's incredible that they have so few pictures, documents and costumes to display.  They certainly have the space, if they just made a better floor plan.
The interior and exterior suggest that the place was built in the 80's, and the information inside hasn't been updated since then - with the exception of some more contemporary costumes they squeezed in here and there.
Speaking of the costumes, I was hoping for amazing, respectful displays.  Not the case.  Most of them are out in the open, to be touched at your leisure.  Some of them are from the 20's!!!
And in the back is a big meeting hall with old, dusty banners around the ceiling with a DVD of parades past running (could use that space for glass cases filled with memorabilia--two floors!).  Just sad.
This is not my heritage, but I am saddened that the Museum has thrown together and ignored these amazing works of art with such amazing histories.  Perhaps the people who started it 30 years ago are no longer around, and the younger people aren't interested in it.
The Mummers are traditionally groups of men.  Perhaps they should ask their wives to renovate the museum.  They'd probably create something that better suits the respect that the tradition deserves (I state that as a woman).  I also recommend that they use some of their raised funds to improve their museum.  They need a consultant.
BUT, if you're interested in Philly and/or Mummer history, this is a must-see.  I don't know if you can learn about this anywhere else.  It's very inexpensive and easy to reach.
Glad I can say I went, but would not plan on going back.  It's $3.50 to walk around a few rooms with costumes, and a bit of history.  It opened in 1976, and besides changing out some of the costumes, it doesn't seem like there have ever been any renovations which is sad.  I would love to see it updated.
We live nearby, and apparently they rent the place out for 'events'... but as with any business in a residential neighborhood it takes parking away from the local residents as there's not enough parking spaces for the 'events'...
Such a great tribute to a Philly tradition! No admission fee; there's a donation bin. My favorite  part was trying on some mummers costumes!
