The Mummers Parade is such a beloved Philly tradition for many, including our fam. To me, it's the only way to celebrate on New Years Day in the city! You can't help but get caught up in the action as it touches a number of various parts all over town. If you live in town, you know. If you don't, it's a must try at least once in your lifetime! Many come from out of state to join in the festivities! 

There are many local brigades and string bands who dress in elaborate costumes and chose a new, fun theme each year for their floats and act! The costumes are incredible! Froggy and Fralingers are always fan favorites. The Mummers are usually those who have grown up in the scene as it's a generation thing which is neat to see. The Mummers take a lot of pride in their craft. 

The main parade route is down Broad Street starting at JFK and making a left hand turn on Washington Ave. This is new actually. The route used to travel all the way down South Broad to Oregon. I must say it makes more sense now. 

There are many stopping points along the way where the troops actually perform. The Union Trust is one and the corner of Broad & Washington is another. These will be the best views for a great performance, but also tend to be the most crowded. Washington has the four corners so your best bet is there, but the partying is heavier towards City Hall. 

Everyone is out on the streets, greeting each other with New Years wishes. It's so, so nice to take part in. There's plenty of drinking and silliness, but never anything I have felt was too much to bring my children around. Plus, there are a great number of police force keeping the party in check. Mummers are very friendly and will stop and take photos with you so if you have children, they will enjoy meeting them!  

There are gates, even bleachers set up around the route as well as Porto Potties too. 

There are soft pretzel vendors as well as those selling silly string and other festive goods in the streets. 

Many local spots have viewing parties, some even kid friendly.  

The party really doesn't end until January 2nd because after the groups make their way down Broad, they head over to 2 Street. (Don't you dare call it second!). The scene here last for hours and hours with what I can best describe as a Mardi Gras type atmosphere. Lots of fun and craziness!! A must experience! 

The Mummers Parade is a don't miss experience!
I went to my first Mummer's parade ever this year even though I've been in Philadelphia for the long run. Since I have cousins who have lived close to Broad for a long time, and friends who live on second street in South Philly I don't know why it's taken me so long either!

But I was in awe over it the entire time. it's one of those things that you can only really see in person to fully believe no matter how much you hear about it. Due to the three hour delay it took awhile to get the parade part on Broad fully revved up. but it was a trip watching the various bands come across, as well as seeing the drunken behavior of the crowd. 

The best part of of the entire day was definitely going to 2nd street. It's the home base for a lot of the mummers clubhouses so it's party central. We're talking the Philadelphia version of Mardi Gras - all kinds of music on the street, many acts of public drunkenness but nothing too rowdy, and plenty of people celebrating the New Year in good spirits. It might just be my pick for one of the best outdoor parties ever, no matter how cold it is!
It's PHILADELPHIA HISTORY good, bad and all, it's what we do! It's a parade of great pageantry, themes, music fun and tradition. Once on Broad Street regardless if its hot, cold or it's simply not your 'thing' you can't help but stop look and be part of the action. 

I commend all of the hard work put in all year long practicing their steps to be synchronized as one and designing the costumes. The dancing and elaborately decorated 'floats' are my favorite. Almost every neighborhood or Philadelphia region is represented. Each group struts, THE MUMMER STRUT down Broad Street with the pride of all being the best.
Waking up after New Year's Eve was rough, but I did it. There was the Mummers Parade to look forward to. And that was something. It always is. 
Watch out Philadelphia , because when it's time to enjoy the Mummers Parade live, many locals don't leave home without their cold one....Yep, this richest, longest, funnest annual tradition. Simply a mini-Mardi Gras without the big floats.

Make the most of Mummers Parade:

I was thrilled that the Parade returned to its original route down South Philly. I like to leisurely stroll and follow the parade- it fast it forward. If you're unlike me and would prefer to stand in one spot, your best viewing area is the steps of the University of the Arts, and your best performance locations are City Hall and Union League. 

Men, women, children and elderly are attending the parade. It's for everyone to attend. Having said that, there's plenty of colors, feathers, sequins, happy people, and silly behavior as well. A one of a kind experience.

Four and Half Yelp
I can't say I'm the Mummers Parade's number one fan, but it does draw me back every year for a day of debauchery and lawlessness. You can drink right next to police officers and they won't bat an eye. Tradition is considered here more than diversity, and I think that's something that really needs to change with the times. The parade only seems to cater to certain demographics which really doesn't correlate with the actual city's population these days. I wish it could be a more inclusive celebration.

Like many in the area, I grew up attending this parade. My family is the classic multi-generational South Philly Irish/Italian mix (my full name is super Irish but I'm really mostly Italian), so I was one of those kids who loved going to the parade with my parents. By my teenage years, I lost interest in attending or watching it from home, but five years ago I was corralled into visiting once again. Talk about nostalgia overload.

This year especially was a lot of fun. Unlike the last few years, it was fairly mild outside, so I spent most of the day stopping by the parade between bar hopping and rest breaks. Since I had a selfie stick attached to my phone, the mummers kept approaching me for selfies....especially near the end of the day when they were likely more drunk than the crowd.

Also like many, I prefer the string bands to the comics. It's also fun to walk down the route on Broad and then all the way down Washington to Two Street. That was a first for me this year. Usually I tap out by mid-afternoon! 

I'd say to be careful if you do attend the Two Street portion. It can get pretty rowdy and dense with crowds. People were drunkenly fighting and getting hauled away by cops when we arrived right after the parade's commencement. I wish there was a less-intense alternative to Two Street, especially since the parade ends fairly early.

If you haven't been to the parade yet, I'd say go and make your own opinion. It's something you certainly need to see for yourself.
I have been hearing about this so called "Mummers Parade" since the day I moved to Philly.

DO NOT MISS THE MUMMERS PARADE. In fact, I am trying to convince my friends from NY to journey across the state of NJ to come to Philly on New Year's Day next year.

I must say, the parade is hilarity at its finest. It makes me want to not drink on NYE and save my liver for a all day binge fest for the Mummers Parade on NYD.

I repeat, do NOT miss the mummers parade... You will be missing out on KEY philly culture.
The Mummers Parade has a long and storied history. It has its roots in European Christmas and New Year's celebrations, and its unofficial origins in Philadelphia are centuries old. There's nothing else like the parade and it's definitely one of the most archetypal Philadelphian institutions.

I go way back with the Mummers. My uncle lives a stone's throw from Broad Street, and when I was a kid my family would always spend New Year's Day going back and forth between shivering outside at the parade and warming up inside watching on TV the bands who had marched by twenty minutes earlier. The parade has changed somewhat since the old days, but it's still a one-of-a-kind spectacle that really should be experienced in person.

Tip: Check out the parade route beforehand. Gone are the days when it was reliably held on South Broad. Philly.com is probably your best bet. Then, you can use Yelp to find bars where you can take breaks from the cold. Remember: drinking in public is not allowed. Be discreet.

Tip: State liquor stores are closed on New Year's Day.
Only Philadelphia throws a huge party first thing in the morning after New Years Eve!!!

It took me years to finally be in town for the parade, but I LOVED IT! It was sooo much fun. We got up and had a healthy breakfast of pizza and beer in the apartment, and on the way out the door the first encounter was two random mummers walking down the street in full attire, asking us if we wanted to smoke some pot with them. Totally set the tone for the whole day. We passed, but they did let us get a picture with them. 

When we got to Broad Street I was blown away, by the parade, by the energy of the crowd, just so much fun! People in the streets were selling beers, feather boas, and other carnival gear. I just had a blast. Four stars because there are no bathrooms, which was essential. You can duck into a Starbucks, but the lines are atrocious. Also be prepared for pretty serious cold-- you might not feel it at first if you pre game, but eventually you'll realize you're numb. 

Just a great day, even better than NYE!
Wow!  This is a parade like no other.  What an interesting and unique way to spend the first day of a New Year.  Something to experience for sure.  The costumes.  The enthusiasm.  The music.  The people.  The energy.  Wow.

Growing up in Massachusetts, I remember watching this event on television.  Though it is no longer available to view on TV in my area, it can be streamed online which is just as good.  This became a bucket list item for a loved one so when the opportunity arose to make this trip happen, I jumped on it.  So glad we could take part in this long-standing Philadelphia tradition.  Entering into this experience with casual interest, I left floored by how entertained I was throughout the day.

Wenches, Comics, String Bands, Fancies, and Fancy Brigades.  I had a whole culture to learn about and immerse myself in.  Interested in catching the live performances, I bought $20 stands tickets and claimed a spot early for the best views (the rest of the parade route is free but I was on vacation!  Why not splurge!).  From 9 AM until the late afternoon and early evening this parade dances down Broad Street.  Come prepared!  I experienced snow, sun, and varying temperatures throughout the day.  It's outdoors in January after all!

Honestly, I'm not sure my review can do this procession justice.  If I lived in the area, I would absolutely join in with this institution.  If you ever find yourself in downtown Philadelphia on New Years Day, check. this. out.
At one point in your life, come to Philadelphia with family, friends and kids and watch the Mummers Parade. It's a full day of music, costumes and entertainment. If it's cold, sneak into a local bar that has the parade on TV. Our hotel room did not have the parade on TV otherwise we would have taken a break from the parade and watched the parade in the room. Luckily the weather was a comfortable 50 degrees so it was a full day of walking up and down the parade route. There is a lot of drinking on the streets but easy enough to ignore. Make hotel reservations along the parade route. The parade is on par with Mardi Gras in New Orleans. If you have never visited Philadelphia before, this is a perfect place for celebrating the New Year. Great museums, good food, history, broadway shows,etc.
This was the worse parade I've seen in years - you can't go down Broad Street- go back to going up Broad- once they are judged they  don't care. Hated how fancy  mixed  in with String Banda so confusing! Once we moved around to City  Hall  parade much better. But it's not a parade any more just a show! I've been going for 53 years might be my last #very disappointed
Words cannot describe the weirdness that is the Mummers Parade.  Maybe you have to be from Philadelphia to truly appreciate it, but it did provide several hours of entertainment.  

We really only stuck around for the wench and comic brigades which were drunkenly raucous and highly amusing (some even had brass band accompaniment). Other groups/individuals seemed slightly political and there were a lot of Lady Gaga references.  We were also treated to a rap about staying in school from a clown/hobo type character.

Keep in mind that you can totally stay in bed and nurse that NYE-induced hangover because the parade seriously lasts 7 hours (we dvr'd the entire thing and the commentary is pretty hilarious).  Definitely watch it on tv if it's super cold (we lucked out with very mild temps and sunshine this year).  The fancy brigades and floats come later in the day (which we didn't stick around for, but saw on tv when we watched the recording later).  

Anyway, it's an experience for sure and I would highly recommend that you check it out if you ever find yourself in Philadelphia on NYDay!
Philadelphia at its finest. 

The Mummers parade is a New Year's tradition I just can't live without. It is an entire day filled with wild colors and sounds and people you just can't find anywhere else. 

Absolute MUST SEE if you're in town on New Year's Day. You are guaranteed to enjoy yourself and meet many interesting characters along the way!
what an amazing way to spend the first day of the new year! very enjoyable...all the mummers work so hard throughout the year to prep for this day...and they definitely made up for the drunk rowdy jerks lining broad st.
This parade was a lot of fun and was full of entertainment.  The costumes are all so bright and nicely designed. It's nice that everyone is in a happy mood watching them. Even more fun was 2 street at the very end of the parade.  The streets are full of people drinking (open in public, which is totally fine at this event) and it's hard to even stay with your group because there's so many people.  Make sure you bring beer in a bag to this event, because it can be expensive buying beers at the bars along the way.  Definitely something to see if your in Philadelphia for NYE.  Like another said, it's almost worth not going out on NYE to be able to see this on New Year's day.
The actors playing the dinosaurs were wearing pants that were a different color than the dinosaur costumes. Seeing the actors so clearly really ruined the illusion for me; I had initially believed they were real dinosaurs.
Ruckus beyond imagination and it just goes on and on!  I was told not only is it 8-10 hours long but "officially" stops when the police start arresting people.  Wow, this subcultural event is nothing I'd even heard of before so when we booked a hotel room above the parade Main Street we had no clue how loud and long it was going to be going.

Costumes, floats, and even big band entertainment really has never been better.  Think Mardi Gras all day long and in a much more metro environment with a splash of Thanksgiving Day parade added for crowd density!  Our solution was to buy tickets to a sit down indoor performance that showcased the best performers.  2 1/2 min each, 3 hours of entertainment, daunting.
