The plaza of the Municipal Services building is home to Roger White's expansive "Your Move" public art piece. It's a spread of oversized game pieces from Monopoly, dominoes, checkers, chess and bingo. Lots of great fun and photo opps.
Such a random thing to come across! When we came to Philly the last thing we thought we would come across were GIANT game board pieces! 

In the early morning, we headed out to explore the city. We hit downtown by foot and after a few short blocks we stumbled upon a giant game piece from one of my childhood games, "SORRY!". I remember playing SORRY! with my brother for hours. Such a simple game, no real skill needed, but a blast when you got to blast your competitors piece across the room when you hit one of those "slide zones". 

Other pieces included:

Iconic Monopoly pieces such as the wheel barrel, iron,  top hat.
Dominoes
Chess pieces
Bingo chips

Now, I am not sure what goes on INSIDE the building, but judging from another review this wouldn't necessarily be a "popular" building. The works of art have made it a super cool place to stop, snap a photo, and continue about your day.
I see that many people have praised the public art that surrounds this building - the mirage has worked.  The public art around this building is like me taking a bulbous, sloppy, hot dump on the sidewalk and surrounding it with origami figures.

The municipal services building houses what makes Philadelphia awful....an inefficient, futile, inept, bumbling, lazy, bitter, sprawling bureaucracy.  You need to get something done?  Fix your water bill?  Maybe take care of those back taxes?  By the time the mind-numbingly idiotic minions of city government get done with you...you'll wish you had opted to have each hair in your body plucked one at a time while in the front row of a justin beiber concert.  This place is as efficient as a Jabba the Hutt bowel movement.
"What do you want sir?" 

The most ignorant, unprofessional, trashiest, security on earth. Only in Philly, right?
So I can't tell you what goes on INSIDE the Municipal Services Building but I can tell you that the art on display OUTSIDE fulfills the dreams of anyone who has ever seen "Honey, I Shrunk the Kids". 

I'm referring, of course, to the "Your Move" piece that fills the courtyard of the Municipal Services building. Pieces from Monopoly, bingo, chess, checkers, Sorry!, and dominoes are all represented here, scattered as if it were the lost board game junk drawer to a giant. I dare you not to be tempted to pose with the teetering dominoes, or jump into the life-sized wheelbarrow Monopoly piece. Philadelphia has no dearth of public art and "Your Move" should be on your "must-see" (or "photograph with") list.
Giant game board pieces?  YAY!  I'm a fan!
Stumbled onto this park/art installation on accident while walking the city.  

Seems like a great place to take a sandwich and sit while on lunch, or to read a book in the summer.  

OH!  and there were skateboarders here filming a video!  Very neat.
