For anyone who likes history, I am enthusiastically recommending this museum! Many displays are multimedia, and very interactive. For instance, historic  documents have been scanned and displayed on large digital screens, and visitors can touch the screens and expand and zoom in, just like we all are used to doing on our iPads.

The museum appeals to all senses, with many displays that say "please touch" or "please smell."  The highlight of my visit was seeing George Washington's tent. I got tears in my eyes, which I did not expect. It was surprisingly moving.

We came as a group of seven adults, on a Sunday morning at 10:30 AM. This was a great time to come, as there were no school groups, and the museum was not crowded.

Some people in our group have difficulty standing for long periods of time, and this museum was comfortable for them, because there are chairs and benches at regular intervals.  I used the restroom, and  it was sparkling clean.

We had Lyft drop us off right at the front door, so I cannot comment on how it would be to drive there or find parking.

We were there for 2 1/2 hours, although I personally felt I had spent enough time there at the two hour mark. Some in our group would have liked to have stayed for three hours, so 2 1/2 hours was our compromise. 

The museum changes its exhibits regularly, and has big plans for 2020, so I hope to go again next year.
Amidst the smell of fresh paint, you'll hear, see, smell, and touch the American Revolution. 

Our trip to the grand opening began with an orientation film. While in line for it, a staffer told us about a replica Hessian helmet he was carrying. He'll ask you trivia questions while you are waiting. The film was very powerfully crafted, using effects, sounds and crescendo to make you feel each moment. 

After this film we were ushered into another on Washington's War Tent. With a small nod to his ownership of slaves, the film truly emboldens the American Dream, speaking of "ordinary people in the fight against the most powerful empire in the world" and how they were "running out of supplies" but "fueled by ideals." 
 
The rest of the museum is full of artifacts and replicas, life-like models and interactive components. Touch the horse hair on the plaque, not the model! Most powerful was the debate among leaders from the native tribes in the room about the decision of the Oneida to side with the US. 

Overall,  the videos should be spaced out not back to back. I heard one person call the museum rooms "cavernous," and breaking up the videos would help. There are some nods to non-White stories, but mostly this glorifies Washington among others. More visually powerful than most museums I've been to.
The museum doors have been open less than a month, and I've already been twice - that should provide you with some indication of how impressive it is (and that I'm slightly nerdish when it comes to American history).

The museum's layout is well designed, balancing interactive exhibits, video/theatre components, a simulated battle scene with special effects, and of course, the jewel of the museum, Washington's encampment tent, preserved for nearly 250 years.

As you would expect, the museum is pristine and all the guides/employees are spirited and knowledgeable. This is a great addition to Old City, and Philadelphia's newest tourist draw (now that the NFL draft is over).
The Museum of the American Revolution is the newest must-see destination in Philadelphia and tourists alike. The museum is located in Old City and just blocks away from some our nation's most historically significant landmarks. 

The content of this museum is incredible. There are so many artifacts, exhibits and things to take in. It's quite possible that the thing I liked most about the museum, is also the thing I disliked most. Of course, that's a good problem but it just means I'll have to go back and spend more time there. Seriously, block off an entire day if you want to read every sign and see every sight. 

When purchasing a ticket online, you must select a specific date and time. The time correlates with the 15-minute video that provides background on the American Revolution. If you miss your time, they will not let you into the theater. The show plays every 30 minutes or so, don't fret too much. It's a dramatic piece and a great refresher from high school, so it probably is the best way to start your experience. 

George Washington's war tent was probably the coolest attraction in the entire museum. It can be found in one of the theaters upstairs and is accompanied by a brief video explaining the historical significance. And then they show you the actual tent! George Washington lived in that tent. George Washington! My mind was obviously blown by this. 

The price of admission for the average adult is $19. They have special pricing for students, seniors, military and children. This really isn't the best museum for younger children. There's a lot of reading and it would probably be fairly boring. 

In light of today's political environment and state of the country, I'd really recommend that everyone for everyone to take a deep look at the American Revolution and the ideals our county was built on. It's a revolutionary concept for sure.
I visited the Museum of the American Revolution with Sari A., Michelle P., and Mariella S. for the first time on my birthday last month. It was wedged between brunch and happy hour, which turned out to be not nearly enough time to effectively explore the museum and all it had to offer. It looks much smaller than it is and thus begs a return visit.

You have to purchase a timed ticket for a reason: They show you a really neat and engaging 15-minute movie summation of the Revolutionary War before you head upstairs to the exhibits. It shows at certain intervals and helps with the museum flow. If you miss it, you can stop in the extensive store with loads of apparrel, books, trinkets, jewelry, etc., to wait for the next showing or go to their interactive room to play with some objects. They also have a nice backdrop for photo ops, as well as a full cafe. I've yet to experience the cafe, but the others are cool.

Upstairs you can decide to walk into the George Washington tent theater next or you can loop around the exhibits and then stop in. Our group decided to stop first and I think that's the better option if possible. It was the highlight of my visit for sure and just really, really interesting. It's amazing how good of condition the tent is in still -- all these years later. And to imagine George Washington hanging out inside of it. Man, oh man.

They keep it preserved behind the screen and no photos of any kind are allowed. It's one of those times to just be in the moment without a phone in your hand. The presentation of the tent was truly a work of art.

In the exhibit area, you go through several rooms with different themes that walk you through the war itself. Lots of lifelike soldier displays and historical artifacts of all kinds. Plenty to read about basically every action of any importance. There's also a Brandywine theater experience where you can feel like you're on the actual battlefield with the revolutionary soldiers, as well as a recreated era ship you can walk onto.

I skipped the last room for the sake of time, but I hope to go back soon. Ticket prices are totally fair for the amount of sheer ~stuff~ inside. Just be sure to allot plenty of time to get the full experience without the rush. It likely needs at least half a day.

I'd say this is now a must-visit attraction in Philly and is all-around incredible. What a stellar addition to our city.
The Museum of the American Revolution is one of the newest additions to the Philadelphia collection. It focuses exclusively on the actual American Revolution in a modern, yet classic, environment rich with multimedia and interactive exhibits. The building is near Old Town and Independence hall along Chestnut Street near the 2nd Street Station.

The reception hall looks like a grand colonial estate with a massive staircase and several costumed staff. Most people start with the introductory video about the revolution and museum on the first floor before heading to the exhibits on the second floor. Although the museum is rather small, you may spend a lot of time at each exhibit due to the high level of detail.

The flow of the museum is a little off, but otherwise is very engaging. Several of the exhibits attempt to portray a more rounded experience including the native and slave populations' experiences which helps fill in the blanks left during most history classes. Admission is a little steep, but it provides a rather good history lesson to compliment the other Philadelphia revolutionary settings.

I did not have enough time to fully appreciate the museum, but I recommend those visiting Philadelphia on a history tour visit the Museum of the American Revolution. Nothing beats seeing the actual monuments, but this museum enriches the experience and provides a nice dose of heat or air conditioning on your journey!
The Museum of the American Museum is a relatively new museum appropriately located in Philadelphia's historic district.  Every exhibit still has that shiny new look to it and staff still have an enthusiasm. I'll be honest - this museum works best when you already have some knowledge of the American Revolution as despite a lot to read in a basic chronologic order, you are not going to come out of here with a full understanding of the conflict.  And certainly I don't think visitors from other countries will find it as interesting as Americans.  Now saying all this I did think there was a fairly even-handed treatment of the subject matter and def a broadening of perspectives to include African-Americans and women. The exhibits looked very good and colorful  and there were enough life-like dioramas and movies to break up the monotony of a lot of reading.  I would have expected a little more attention paid to Philadelphia during the revolution and also on the campaign by the British to capture Philadelphia. Still it was worth the visit even if I won't be a regular here.

Tip - The highlight of the exhibition is Washington's battlefield tent headquarters but it is located in a special theatre outside of the other display rooms. On slower days they only show the film and the tent once an hour so you will want to so find out beforehand when these times are so you are not left with a huge gap of time to wait when you finish visiting the regular displays.
I wanted to love this museum.  However, the museum choose to offensively include a sickle and a hammer to explain that the Revolution had something to do with workers.  Anyway, I can't imagine how one cannot connect the dots to Marxism and Communism.  

Including these Communist symbols in a museum about how America fought for its freedom is ridiculous and insulting to the Americans who fought to keep the free world free from the threat of Communist ideology.  

School kids will think that the American Revolution and the Russian Revolution are cousins.  By seeing the Communist symbols at a museum about the American Revolution, the school kids will be confused.  This is a grave injustice.  The great symbol of evil and repression is glorified by its undeserved and bizarre inclusion into this museum.

This is a national disgrace. While it looks like the exhibit was changed slightly, it needs to be removed.  It is not enough that the museum altered the items displayed in the box! 

Response:  (1). It is your choice to evoke the main symbols of communism by including them.  Communist symbols should only be used with extreme caution.  It is a bizarre choice.  The hammer and the sickle are explosive symbols of a murderous and repressive failed regime.  Your explanation tries to rehabilitate the hammer and the sickle (as they predated Communism), but fails because it is an impossible exercise better left to academic journals than a tourist museum. 

(2). Children on field trips will not take the time to ponder the difference between the Russian Revolution and the American Revolution.  This is a college level history seminar beyond the reach of most public secondary education.  The children will come out with "I saw the hammer and sickle together in a field trip," and it must be ok. 

(3). There are local refugees who fled Communism living in Philadelphia.  You will upset them greatly.  Some of them have PTSD from the suffering they endured.   

4) Philadelphia was built with bricks after London was destroyed in the Great Fire. Why don't you substitute brick laying tools for the hammer?
Great new museum, not too far from some of the city's other historical landmarks, but just enough off of the beaten path to lessen the tourists. The museum is laid out well. There's a good mix of videos, dioramas, historical pieces and documents, and interactive technology here, as well as a lot of reading. 

I liked that the technology is easy to follow and quick and short; so everybody can get in on it. I don't mind reading, but just thought that there was a lot of it, and wouldn't mind some snippets of Morgan Freeman reading off some of the longer placards. Who wouldn't?!

We could have spent more time here, but you can also visit the day after your visit, just hold on to your wristband.
This city is full of history. So many museums here. You can spend hours and hours visiting different museums. This museum is well maintained and very informative. If you like learning about history, definitely can't miss this museum.
The Museum of the American Revolution is a great addition to the Old City area of attractions of historical sites and information gathering on our country!

Now, I decided to visit while I had out of town visitors and I figured I'd give them a great tour of Old City and the last stop..The Museum!  I appreciated the different perspectives offered from different ethnicities and cultures during the Revolutionary War!  

Keep in mind there will be lots of reading, but you have the opportunity to see actual items from this time period that were donated and of course the big item is Washington's War Tent Headquarters!  I have to say..I am a believer after watching the film about the origins and how it moves around to finally land it it's forever home!  
You see--they got me!  I am a believer and now 'hype chick' of marketing for the museum! Haha

When you are all done becoming a new history aficionado-the gift shop has many reasonably priced items!  There is also a cafe to grab a bite to eat before you finish your tour of Old City!

If you are in the area..make some time and take visitors to see this cool museum!
As a student, I dreaded anything that had to do with the American Revolution because to me it was the most boring subject to learn about no matter how big a part it played in our history. However, my boyfriend was interested in seeing the museum so we decided to stop in- so clearly my expectations were not that high entering the museum, but I decided to keep an open mind and I am glad I did. The staff was very friendly and seemed to enjoy engaging with those wandering around. The museum was much more modern than I thought it would be and pretty interactive. I enjoyed the layout of everything and seeing George Washington's tent was pretty cool. In general, it was very informative and I left having a new appreciation for this subject that I didn't have in the past.
I had an epiphany here! 

I arrived here for Memorial Day weekend and I discovered that Philadelphia is a very patriotic state. 

Not only does it have the infamous Liberty Bell, but also the American Revolution happened here.  It was a breaking ground to be in this inspiring state.

Will Smith and his son filmed Pursuit of Happiness in his home state.  

The quote below, was from the museum:

Life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. ~Declaration of Independence July 4, 1776.

I was in awe when everything connected here.  I'm going to write an autobiography and story one day!
If you are in Philadelphia you must visit this museum, especially if you are even mildly interested in American history. It is not a huge museum but it will take several hours to really do a thorough walk through. There is a lot of story telling and an abundance of revolutionary era artifacts, weapons, clothing and the like. The pièce de résistance is George Washington's actual battle tent, what a site. Visit this place although the gift shop is very expensive, cools merchandise but pricey. Parking garage is near by.
I'm sorry, but this was an overpriced let down. I was expecting to see far more artifacts than they had on display for what I had to pay. It's very clean inside, and while the exhibits are informative, they really could do with displaying more actual historic relics rather than focusing on dressed up mannequins throughout. It took me exactly 36 minutes to go through everything. If you're an avid historian who has actually studied the Rev war for years, you'll be fine skipping this one. Save your money for somewhere else.
I'll preface this by saying we aren't museum people. We had heard good things about this one so we decided to check it out while we were traveling to Philly for work. 

We came on the first full weekend of the month and took advantage of Bank of America's Museums on Us program. Anyone with a Bank of America card can get in for free which is awesome. 

We really didn't spend much time here. The only museums I like tend to be a lot more interactive than this one was. 

The museum was pretty small. It had two levels with one exhibit on the first floor and a larger one on the second floor. There's also a movie theater upstairs. 

I think this is a museum that history buffs would love. It just wasn't for me.
Despite not being a giant monument, which we all know is the epitome of historical research without which no one knows what happened ever, this museum manages to be truly excellent. When I saw this was a building with exhibits based on archival research, artifacts presented with historical context, and top notch audiovisual displays, I was disappointed. How will I learn anything, I wondered, without a giant statue of a rando army dude erected 80 years after the war's conclusion, charging on top of a big metal horsey with a descriptive plaque that barely constitutes a comprehensive sentence? Surely one cannot learn history without looking into the deep stone cold eyes of a dead general with a powerful nickname like "Psycho Wolf" or "Battle Stallion." However, this museum proves that you don't need monuments to remember facts. What a relief! I can finally stop erecting statues for every item on my grocery list. 

Seriously though, the professionals in charge of this new museum deserve an enormous hand. This is how you do present a truly inclusive history. There is a separate exhibit just on the Native Americans and their decision making process as to who to support in the revolution. This is in addition to Native Americans being mentioned throughout the museum. Lots of attention is paid to the role of African Americans, including an in depth discussion of the idea of slavery and how it fits (and doesn't fit) with the equality touted by the revolutionary colonists. I loved hearing about black loyalists and the British effort to ignore the stipulation in the treaty to return runaway slaves and instead resettle black loyalists in Nova Scotia. I would love to see a more in depth exhibit on that humanitarian effort, maybe in collaboration with some Canadian institutions. What I particularly liked about this approach is it didn't simply focus on the American point of view. Almost half of the exhibits approached the revolution from a British point of view, telling stories from loyalist colonists, British soldiers, Hessian mercenaries, and British officials. I really loved that in some of the interactive displays an effort was made to show HOW we can actually know some of the information, especially since many of those involved left no personal written record (also, no monuments). 

We were told to not miss the film on Washington's tent, but honestly, this was by far the least interesting part of the museum, especially since you couldn't really see the tent of get close to it. It was almost have made more sense to have a recreation tent you could physically walk through after the movie. Don't believe the hype, the tent movie isn't that great, and here's basically all you need to know:
The tent symbolizes that Washington, unlike other generals of his time, wanted to be seen as "one of the common people" so he pitched his tent out in field with his troops. Of course, his tent was enormous and luxurious by comparison. By modern camping standards, it's like at least an 8-person tent, and a regular solider tent be smaller than your average 2-person dome tent. But, he was out there in the cold with everyone else, so soldiers trusted him, and that trust continued with his cult of personality into his presidency and beyond. Washington died, his tent was passed onto Martha, and then eventually her grandaughter, Mary Custis Lee, wife of Robert E. Lee (of statue fame). After the Civil War, she sold the tent to a collector to pay for relief for confederate widows. Eventually the tent made it's way to the museum. The End. I now saved you 15 minutes. 

So, all in all, excellent museum, despite the lack of monuments, and Washington's Tent is fine, you can totally miss it and not lose anything in your life.
Just a few blocks from Independence Hall, this boasts a beautiful design, helpful staff and well described treasures to make this an awesome experience.  Be sure to see the multi media Washington tent - at the end, the screen comes up to reveal the actual tent. My G5 grandfather was a member of an elite division of sharpshooters that wintered at Valley Forge, and I found lots here to fill in that experience.
This museum is pretty cool. It's fairly new, so everything is in great condition and the building itself is beautiful.

Overall, I thought the exhibits were interesting, but the best part was Washington's War Tent. There was a line when we were there and we ended up waiting a little over 15 minutes to get into the auditorium, but it was SO worth it!
[521]

This new museum is a great add to Philadelphia.

It was nice seeing ACTUAL collected pieces and not just replicas. 

There are many short videos/movies in the museum which was great my child as he did not study the American Revolution in school yet.   The movies made him fascinated with all the collected pieces.   Many times we waited for him to be done looking at the pieces.

There is a kid section which the helpful staff shows a kid how to load a cannon.  

The coolest part is seeing George Washington's actual tent and learning a bit more about history (or maybe it's refreshing)....   

They have a gift shop and small café with limited food items.

Definitely a cool place to visit.  Don't miss it.
I was greatly disappointed with the video/movies here. Sadly, it appears that liberals have gotten a hold of yet another history piece. Although this is place is relatively new ( giving me the assumption that it would be better) , it inaccurately depicts the American Revolution by making it about women's rights and slavery more so than the revolution it self. Of course, the dates of events are correct, however, everything seemed to back up, or be about slavery.... As if it were the under lying theme of the American Revolution... which it wasn't at all. Having read plenty of books about the American Revolution, I'm certain that the events that occurred weren't a kin to the "revolutions" that happened over a hundred years later. Everything seemed to be laced with this underlying theme... sadly, same with the liberty bell - what does Nelson Mandela have to do with OUR liberty bell???

If you can block out the political stuff, then one could really enjoy the museum. Why they have to ruin a piece of history to push a political agenda is beyond my imagination. 

Overall, the place is very well put together. Looks good. That's why it's not a one star. But, whoever is in charge of those videos needs to redo them. Make it about the American Revolution, purely. Don't discrete Washington's tent or major battles of what made our country to imbed an ideal that you believe is right. The man who wanted to build that place would have never wished that.
I went here yesterday as part of a Mother's Day trip. They had a Mother's Day tea event so my mom and I were able to start there first and then look at the exhibit and videos next since the price of our tea included tickets to the museum. Although this was a special event, the food and drinks were great, and on display were some cross-stitched thingies (sorry, I'm not sure what the proper term would be) made by children, mostly in the nineteenth century. They said they were nervous because they planned the event in two weeks so I just wanted to say that everything went well in case anyone who works at the museum happens to read this.

As for the exhibit and everything outside of the tea, we experienced a lot of crowds. The museum had a lot of information and some of the placards were hard to read because of the small font, especially when you're behind a few people. There is a good amount of reading if you want to see every detail, and this is probably just a personal preference, but I am less likely to read everything when there are 50 people in the same small room as me.

The amount of people reminded me some of the Smithsonian museums. Those museums have a constant flow of people, and I think it will be the same for this museum for a while. This is a brand new museum so I'm not surprised that there were so many people. I also overheard some of the staff commenting on how there would be school groups the next day so I'm sure the flow is pretty constant, at least for the time being.

This museum is fairly interactive, which encourages people of different ages to experience the exhibit directly. There are different theaters that encourage an empathetic, first-person POV, as well as touch screens that tell stories about different locations and people throughout the war. In a world where culture and history are often underappreciated, I respect institutions that do their best to include the viewer in the presentation.
I've been wanting to visit this museum since I heard about it on WHYY. The premise of the museum being all the other stories that went in to the revolutionary war that don't get the "front page headlines" but are still vitally important to the outcome. 

It's a beautifully done little museum that is so well executed in telling so many stories, it's a real treat. So many small accounts of events that helped shape the view of the people of the time, stuff that you wish you heard about during all those history classes in school.  

Bonus is the story of General Washingtons actual tent from the war, it's on display for you to see after a short show about the general and how he wanted to be viewed by his fellow soldiers. It's a super story of where the tent has been for the past 200+ years. Definitely need to check this place out!
This fantastic new museum has clearly put a great deal of thought into building its exhibits from scratch. Everything is state-of-the-art and looks sharp. The process for leading visitors through the lines, into the introductory film and then up to the exhibits is streamlined. The content is well-researched and written to be engaging (although "More Empire, More Problems" was a bit of a groaner). I spent almost three hours here and learned a ton. I would highlight only two drawbacks:

1. I came here on a Monday and it was clearly high tide for school groups. The galleries were filled with children sitting on the floor, which made it difficult to navigate and in some cases caused me to skip entire sections.

2. Dare I say it? There's... almost TOO MUCH content here! I'm very detail-oriented and like to read as many of the labels as I can. After three hours, I only made it to 1781 before I ran out of time and had to leave, even having skimmed through several galleries. I don't even know if there were other exhibits in the museum to see. It would have been nice if the main exhibit had been a bit more concise, so that visitors could get an overview of the Revolution in 1-2 hours and then visit additional exhibits/galleries for the other stuff--more detailed perspectives, videos, info on privateering, etc.

Overall, definitely worth the trip, though!
It's a wonderful thing when you live in a city rich with history and museums.  It's especially great when curators find new and intriguing ways to experience and explore.  The Museum of the American Revolution is one of those places.  

Growing up in Philadelphia, bring a child during the 1976 Bicentennial, being a bona fife history nerd, you'd think I'm pretty well versed and saturated with American Revolution history.  You'd not be wrong, yet I am not so arrogant to believe there is not more to learn. This is why the Viking and I headed off to the Museum of the American Revolution.  We did not regret it. 

We started with the Washington 's War Tent program at the urging of many volunteers working that day. It was really fantastic, and bonus we got an impromptu Question and answer session the program with the museum director.

from there we headed to the temporary exhibit of American flags. This was quite informative and we realized that what is seen as the definitive flag has been modified so many times for so many reasons over the years. Even what we think of as the "stars and bars" flag of the Civil War time is not what we see it as today. 

After viewing these two exhibits/programs, we headed upstairs to the main collection. This is designed as a circular path where you start in the pre-revolution time, traveling through to the war's end and the formation of American Government.  We found the pre-revolutionary period exhibit quite fascinating and learned a great deal, as well as the exhibits focusing on the response and involvement  indigenous nations to be excellent. 

Staff and volunteers to a person were wonderful, suggesting , responding, explaining and exploring history.  

We'll definitely be back.
A nice way to spend a couple of hours just to visit this museum of the American revolution. It's a great way to learn about America's history. 
I think the museum did a great job of taking us back in time and helping us feel what it was like to live back then...

The museum tells the story of the Revolution and the nation's founding from the point of view of all the people living in America -- the colonials of vastly different cultures, the American Indians and African slaves, the French, the British and the Spanish. 
We can learn so much about what made folks  unite and take a stand.  
I did the Audio tour. It was very informative there is also lots of signage and there are many theaters where you can have a little 10 minute movie about a particular significant moment of influence or change that motivated America's effort for independence. 
The staff was very nice and helpful. I must say,  they don't sit on their hands. Staff is very engaged in their guests.

Gift shop. It was filled with a lot of books, some pretty fab and stylish shirts. Of course there are pillows and Christmas ornaments and two different kinds of fudge. There are some "made in America" items.  Beautiful Necklaces is made from broken China. 

Of course, I bought a handmade historical themed Christmas ornament. Looks like a felt figure. Hand stitched.  I wanted something handmade. Awww, I wish they had female historical representation in the ornaments. But I'm pretty sure this is the same kind they sell in New York City at the NY historical society. But,  I digress. Made in America would be a super important patriotic things to see in this very store. 


This is a really special museum and I actually need to come back and spend more time here and luckily I upgraded to the membership. So I will definitely be back with some guests.
I brought my mom here as part of her Mother's Day visit. I knew she'd be super into it since she's big on the ancestry.com (since she's signed up for that website we've joined the DAR).

The tickets are $19 but that is reasonable, the place is brand new and the exhibits are awesome! Plus you can go two days in a row with the same ticket.

You start out with a short movie about the Revolutionary War then head upstairs to the different rooms. I really loved the way they laid this out, they fit so much in what seemed as though a small area. Now it did only open recently and on a weekend you can expect it to be crowded..which it was but it wasn't overwhelming. The layout was accommodating for large crowds and you never felt like you missed anything.

Our most favorite part was George Washington's Tent! Awesome little video DO NOT MISS IT! 

When we got down to the gift shop she's all.."I need a tent, do you sell GW's tent?" No mom they do not sell tent replicas..so she settled for a postcard..but we spent probably 45 min in that gift shop trying to figure out what she should buy.

Definitely a very informative museum, interactive and beautiful..don't miss it!
This museum is pretty great. I get really bored by museums that just drone on via signage, but the Museum of the American Revolution is really good with having artifacts to accompany the information. It was a lot of fun to see all of the era-appropriate items. I love that stuff! They also have some interactive, theatrical exhibits which are pretty great. 

We spent probably a good two hours or so here and there was a lot to see. We somehow missed George Washington's tent (not sure how?!) so I guess we'll just have to come back to check it out! They also have a cafe in their downstairs around the corner from the gift shop so if you work up an appetite, you can stop in there. I suggest just venturing down the street to eat somewhere more interesting, though.
I have been a member of the Museum of the American Revolution since it's opening. I visit frequently both to visit the museum and attend the very affordable events they hold. Their events are no joke! When the museum first opened, they got Joe Biden to speak. I also got to meet David McCullough, who I absolutely adore!! The Museum is MISSION DRIVEN and aims to educate the general public about often forgotten figures of the Revolution, which is SO important being that so many crucial individuals and groups are left out of the commonly accepted "textbook" narrative. 

The exhibits are family-friendly and interactive. There a a few videos throughout and are endless hours of content! Even as an American history teacher, I learn something new each time I visit. I have brought two of my  classes to visit the museum and they loved the experience. The tour guides are knowledgeable and seemed eager to hear about my students' knowledge of the American Revolution throughout the tours. They especially loved seeing Washington's tent and were amazed that they were able to see a tent that General Washington used. 

The events are top of the line as well. They host an authors series, happy hours at their Cross Keys Cafe, and a monthly "History After Hours". My favorite HAH was "A Winter's Ball"; we were taught a series of colonial ball room dances by professionals in colonial attire. It was an awesome experience and I just so happened to be wrapping up a unit on the Revolution with one of my classes at the time, so I re-taught the dance to my kiddos. 

Member or not, you can sign up for email updates! I find the updates are a convenient way stay informed about events and new exhibits. The temporary Hamilton exhibit was very well done.  

TEACHERS, you  can find tons of teaching materials on their website and can even sign up for free PD sessions. I am attending a session tomorrow regarding the Revolutions relevance in today's world. You can also stop in for a content packet. Don't forget to ask for a "Flat Hamilton" while you are there.  

Overall, the Museum of the American Revolution is well-kept, employs an educated and vivacious staff, and is mission driven. It is hands down my FAVORITE place in all of Philadelphia. I would rate it 500 stars, if it were possible. Whether you are visiting alone, with friends, or with kids, you will get a lot out of the experience.
Expect to stay 3-4 hours depending on how immersive you want to get.  Ideal for 11-13 year olds who can understand the context but likely haven't gotten all the history yet, but even if you're a total history geek this will have insights and artifacts worth exploring.  We ran into a few re-enactors and that's likely a common occurrence and quite fun to use the exhibits as a launch point for discussion.

Close to the historical tourist stuff on one side and Penns Landing on the other, the price might be a bit high but you get top of the line modern museum functions with videos, touch places, immersive experiences and a real sense of the war from as many perspectives as possible.

The extras are worth standing in some lines for.  If you want a museum experience that leaves you with a better sense of connection to history, this will provide.
WOW!  This is quite a place; and, a bargain at the price (for two days admission.) The museum offers something for everyone.  We saw children engaged with the exhibits; and, all were well-behaved.  We saw adults that just wanted to "skim" dash through the exhibits enlightened.  We have a history buff in our family; and, the exhibits offered a lot of depth, with very detailed histories of artifacts; and, excellent multi-media presentations, including a reenactment of an actual battle.  Some exhibits are hands-on and some are hands-off.  The gift shop offered everything from toys and t-shirts to a treasure trove of reference materials; and, home decor items.  We spent most of our day here, so we didn't need the 2nd day visit; but, we felt the museum was well-worth the price.
The museum was very interesting and laid out well. My favorite exhibit was the one about a Scottish immigrant and what his life was like as he fought for England. You follow a timeline of his whole life which was cool. Almost felt like a movie. Most of the other exhibits were great too. The price of admission is a bit overpriced, but was included with my Philadelphia Pass. 

Could have easily have been a 5 star review but there is a major con.... their school groups. They don't manage them well, the guides are loud, and they have too many groups going on at a time. I spent more time in the museum seeing things out of order because the groups were everywhere frequently blocking things and talking. I don't know why they manage their groups like this. They should invest with the headphone things if they insist on taking on more groups than they can at a time. There were adults getting annoyed at this time so it wasn't just me. The other thing was that the bathrooms weren't the clean. 

They did say if I bring my pin thing back later in the day or the next day that I can return for free, but being short on time, I couldn't do this. 

Well worth a visit, but I would avoid going during the week unless you go after 2PM when the school groups are probably done, or on the weekend.
A truly great museum! A remarkable achievement. I cannot recommend it highly enough. Not a place for kids-you will want to enjoy your visit so plan for earliest morning or after 3 when the tsunami of children have departed.
Short walk from independence hall. I'm a history buff and have visited a lot of museums throughout the US. Ranging from the Smithsonian to the National World War II museum. Hands down, this is my favorite one of them all. It's very easy to navigate on your own. There's staff stationed at each exhibit available to answer any questions you might have. There's many authentic artifacts, paintings, maps and uniforms during the time period. The coolest thing is the fully assembled tent that was used by George Washington. Due to the tents condition it's housed in a small movie like theater. A narrator tells a 5-10 minute background story about the tents history. Then the tent is revealed from behind the screen. It still gives me chills when I think about it!
The museum is great, still very new & polished, and very informative.

I think the footprint is too small, however, because the rooms were often packed to the gills.  

Because they make you watch a video at first, everyone shuffles up to the first room at the same time and you can't see/read anything.  The museum should allow folks to skip the video and just start at the exhibits.

The Washington war tent was impressive and one of the main reasons you should go!

Aside from the small footprint, the other reason I'm deducting a star is because they younger employees were hanging around together and goofing off.  None were particularly helpful, and certainly didn't seem interested in helping.

Another reason I'm deducting a star is because the website says that they offer a AAA discount, but the site also encourages purchasing a timed entrance in advance.  When you purchase the timed entrance in advance, the site does not offer the chance to get the AAA discount rate.
Museum is what it says it is...  'American Revolution'.

Easy to access using public transportation.  Difficult to find a parking lot.  You may spend more on parking than getting into the museum.

The museum attempts to involve all ages.  Younger children might not understand the 'history' of the revolution.

Improvements?  Availability of loaner wheelchairs.  I was with a person with problems walking.  Needed to stop and sit a few times.  Theaters need a few seats for extra wide people.  Numerous people had difficulty using the current seats.
Amazing! The museum is a nice size with a ton of information to intake. The star of the show is definitely "Washington tent" it impressive how they can store a object thats a important piece of America history. 

There's plenty of exhibits to see that will keep you busy for about 2 hours. It worth the price of admission.
I was very impressed with this museum.  Not only is it located in the heart of it all, but the artifacts and exhibits really put you in the history.  The material is handled and presented with such expert care and awareness. The entire exhibit floor tells the story of the revolution chronologically and interestingly.  It covers the good and bad, both in very effective and engaging ways.  The facility is state of the art. The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable.  They have a lecture once a day that covers Philadelphia specifically. It is included in the admission and definitely worth checking out. The several videos throughout the exhibit were very impressive. My favorite was the video on George Washington at the end of the exhibition. 

The admission was $19 for adults, which is high but definitely worth it.  You can tell that topnotch designers were a part of this project. I will definitely go back again.  I highly recommend this museum.
I almost wish I had no education of the American Revolution before entering this building. Their biased view, and downright exclusion, of events and persons significant to our nation's history and formation was disappointing and, at times, infuriating. I understand there is limited display space and editorial decisions needed to make compromises in order to tell the story. However, the constant drumbeat of the "injustice" of the rebel actions, the missing context of historical events, and the absolute exclusion of people significant to the formation of our country that could call into question the agenda this "museum" promotes causes me to rate it so low. I had high expectations and left wishing I spent my limited time in Philadelphia elsewhere. The only reason I give it a second star is for the Washington Tent and the special exhibit.
So the price is reasonable. 

It looks pretty cool. Nice new construction. 

I feel that they are having growing pains with the crowds that have chosen to visit the museum. 

We got a special talk that is not usually seen by the general public because they needed to alleviate the crowds in the museum. 

Great item is George Washington's tent
This is a fairly new museum and it shows. The space feels modern and high tech. we purchased timed entry tickets online a few days before our arrival, but I don't think it was sold out. We started on the lower level, which is a hands on area for kids. They had a blast and learned a lot. This area takes an hour break everyday (1-2pm I think?) so plan accordingly.

From there, we went through the seasonal exhibit, which was one dedicated to the US flag. The Washington tent is one thing that is a must-do, and is a timed show every hour on the hour. It is well done and there is a surprise at the end. The rest of the museum flowed nicely and the battle reenactment, with the shaking floor was my favorite. The staff was friendly and knowledgeable. Worth the money!
This was my first time to this museum.  I was there for a work award banquet.  What an amazing venue!  This is a small, quaint museum focused on artifacts from the American Revolution.  The museum is laid out quite nicely.  The staff were extremely attentive and friendly.  Make sure you check out President George Washington's tent from during the War.  Of course, back then he was General Washington!  Another fabulous Philadelphia cultural experience!
Absolutely loved our visit to the new museum. The building was beautiful, the order of the exhibits was chronologically spot on and helped you walk through the different facets of the American Revolution. The number of original artifacts was incredible, and there was tons of interactivity throughout the different parts of the museum. Our favorite portion was the Brandywine "battle simulation" at the end. That truly helped to give us a grasp on even to a slight degree what it may have been like to be on the battlefield during the Revolution. Overall we had a wonderful experience and I would definitely recommend it to anyone who is a fan of American history. Job well done!
I've come here twice with my family who were visiting from out of town, they really wanted to see this museum!  I admit that I was a little hesitant at first being that I'm not a history buff like they are...but this is a nice, and dare I say "fun" museum!  I usually don't find a history museum enjoyable, lol, I'm more into art but this was a nice experience!  

I liked the quick films, I think that the George Washington Tent was really cool!  Wait, I think I'm getting older...never thought I would say history and cool in the same sentence, haha!  There were some really interesting parts of the films, to be able to smell the tea used for the Boston Tea Party, neat!  
There were a lot of fun and unique things about this museum that dare I actually say made learning about history kinda cool- stretching it, lol, but a really enjoyable experience!  Look at me becoming a history buff!  

I also really enjoyed the cafe downstairs, that was tasty and had a good selection of foods, sandwiches, salads, snacks, beverages etc.  I wasn't too sure how good a museum cafe would be but they were really good!  

The gift shop was a lot of fun with cute souvenirs, trinkets, postcards, mugs, t-shirts, etc.  They had a lot of nice items!  

I really enjoyed this museum and I would come back again!!  It was a very good and pleasant experience!!
This museum is very well done.   
#1. I love that some artifacts/reproductions had a sign asking us to TOUCH and see up close.  Unheard of in most museums. This is great for teenagers too. 
#2. There were halls of artifacts including woman's contribution to history.   
#3. Timed short movie presentations to break up the reading of artifacts.  
#4. Big computer screens to learn more or enlarge size of an object.  Especially the gun collection.
#5. Washington's Tent is behind glass, but well presented with a short presentation - a must see!
I was in awe of it. 
#6. Every station there was staff person with a cart or something in their hands to show you. They were friendly and engaging.  They answered any question we had and sounded passionate about it. 

It took us about 3 hours to go thru museum.
We had to check out this museum since it is new and recently opened in the spring of 2017. We bought our tickets at the Visitors Center and are good for two consecutive days. The museum is conveniently located within walking distance from all other historical attractions and sites.  When you enter, the staff is friendly and accommodating.  We purchased in advance so we got our bracelet and waited for the first informational short film.  There are many of these films throughout and interactive sites which are very interesting.  The best attraction by far is Washington's Tent which is a must see.
An amazing addition to the history of Philadelphia. Well planned and laid out with relics and memories of our fight for Independence.
The crowning piece of the museum is General Washington's tent, preserved in time.
We just visited the Museum of the American Revolution and it is AWESOME!! I've been to many of the colonial era sites from Boston to Williamsburg, Virginia and this museum is the BEST at telling the story of the birth of the United States. Give yourself 2-3 hours to take it in, maybe even two days. It's an amazing story, well told. You discover how the colonists went from being proud British to rebellious revolutionaries in about one decade. You learn how the rag tag American army with limited weapons, clothes and food took on the greatest military ever known - and won! Best of all, they make learning FUN, with lots of film and interactive exhibits. ADD THIS TO YOUR BUCKET LIST and GO!!
Good place, love the exhibits and friendly staff.  I do agree the presentation is heavily skewed to the left leaning progressive view but overall it's a good museum.  If you want a true study of the American Revolution go to Yorktown VA American Revolution Museum.  The Yorktown museum is a must see for anyone who loves 18th century history.  As for the Philadelphia Museum if you can filter out the left leaning agenda you will enjoy your visit.
Wonderful museum!  Took 6 of my 13 grandkids.  They loved it.  Great educational aspects.  Check out the Patriots Gallery - unbelievable!   The Lenfest Myer Theatre has a great movie - kept the grandkids entertained, including the 3-year old, Ivan.  The Cross Keys Cafe is great - great colonial-era dishes and flavors.  We all had a great lunch - a bit expensive for our whole crew - but definitely worth it.  Excellent gift shop.  Has great artifacts and artwork.  I bought a wonderful George Washington painting of him crossing the Delaware.  The grandkids got puppets, maps, books and t-shirts - well over $100 but they will remember our great day.  Bought a membership and promised the other grandkids we will go next weekend.  Worth every penny and more!
History nerd alert! I've been eagerly awaiting the opening of this museum for a few years now and finally visited for the first time a few weeks ago. 

Overall:
-  I enjoyed the museum but that's because I'm a nerd. They need to do some tweaking. Personally, as someone who is well versed in all things American Revolution, I left feeling a bit disappointed. 
-  I don't have kids (yet) but if I did, I have a feeling they'd be really bored with the overall flow and what feels like never-ending encyclopedias on the wall.

Getting there:
-  Detours! FYI there was a gigantic fire across the street in Feb '18. As of mid-March Chestnut at 3rd was still closed. I cabbed there and it was a mess. I suggest cabbing/ubering/GPSing to the Renaissance hotel which is about two blocks away. That way you can avoid the detours that are still popping up. They might have parking, I'm not sure. Either way I suggest avoiding that block in advance. Try to prevent driving in circles (squares) before you get here.

Tickets:
-  Don't worry about the time of arrival tickets. This wasn't even remotely enforced during my visit. 
-  They take your ticket and give you this metal Revolutionary star thing to put on your clothes. It resulted in non-stop clinking sounds when I was there because these things were falling off of everyones clothes. Myself included. It was annoying! 
-  There's a coat check but it's enter at your own risk. Maybe I'm just a DC museum snob but this was kind of alarming and weird.

Content:
-  For me the flow seemed off. Look at the map before you go. It's choppy and there's at least 8 theaters, half of which don't really say what you're watching so it kind of feels like enter at your own risk.
-  Way too much to read! My fellow history nerds and I kept doing this sort of dance all like "oh sorry I'm blocking what you're reading!" The thing is if you're genuinely trying to learn more about the Revolution this would be beyond frustrating. If I were a kid it'd be beyond boring, even with the hands on features.
-  Given my knowledge they overly focused on some aspects of the Revolution while completely ignoring others. My family fought in the Revolution and their segment was overlooked and not even remotely mentioned. They glossed over quite a few things.
-  Washington's War Tent and the film can easily be overlooked. You exit all of the exhibits on the second floor and it's like there's something to the right but you're not sure what exactly. I mean this is a museum after all. There should be signs that are all "WASHINGTON'S WAR TENT THIS WAY!!!!" But no, they also sort of glossed over this, which personally I feel is the best part of the entire museum. Up your signage MAR!

Musts:
-  Washington's Tent (duh) - just know it's at the end or the beginning and plan accordingly.
-  The Liberty tree area was one of my favorites. I learned something I didn't know before here!
-  The gift shop is awesome! The children book section was really impressive and one of the best I've ever seen.
This museum is very new and they have done a fabulous job making it interesting and relate-able to people of all ages. We were lucky enough to be the only two people on the 60 minute guided tour. It was very informative, hitting the highlights. We then walked back through for a more thorough viewing. They have special exhibitions which change every few months. We saw Cost of Revolution: The Life and Death of an Irish Solider which offered a unique individual's perspective on the war. The exhibit was accompanied by a one man theatrical performance which was truly outstanding and brought the exhibit to life in a really unique way. Excellently done.
I REALLY wanted to love this museum. We love history, but from a value standpoint, we were not impressed.

For the good points, yes, it is new and well maintained, and staff are very friendly and enthusiastic. I think it may be more exciting for younger children and those not as familiar with the American Revolution. Also, I largely give the museum credit for highlighting lesser known figures (including women and blacks) that are often ignored for this period. However, that too, seemed a little forced at times.

Yet, I found so much of the information to be very basic. Also, on the videos, many of the same talking points were recycled. I thought more than once, hadn't I already been told this once or twice before?? Finally, perhaps we were overexpecting the Washington tent exhibit, since this is repeatedly overhyped by the museum and the reviews. You sit through a video (not bad, but not new if you had been in some of the other theaters) and then at the end the video screen is lifted and you see "the tent" - kindof. The lighting is subdued (and I understand why because of the age) and you are pretty far away from it, but I think seeing the tent in a book would have been more informative.** We seem to be in the minority on this one, so maybe it will excite you**

The real stickler for us was the price. If admission was about $10/$15, I think we would be less grumpy about the experience, but $20+ just seemed a little out of balance for what you got.

However, with all things considered, I'm sure most folks waste the admission price on a lot worse things, so if you get a little early American history in the process..that is worth something. Especially, now! Unfortunately, I see more and more people not appreciating the great gifts of liberty and our republic or understanding those gifts could be taken away by stooges following an aspiring tyrant   : - )
Love this Museum. The displays are top notch and well done. As you walk in the lobby area is large with a theater and a grand staircase. This museum tells the story of the American Revolution. If I were you I would splurge for the audio system which gives you an in depth historical explanation of the life and times of what was happening. My one suggestion is to try to follow in order so you can get a chronological explanation of what you are seeing. When we went there was a large crowd of kids and to try to avoid the congestion we went to a different portion of the museum and we were a bit lost. Overall I would suggest this place as a "must see" when you travel to Philadelphia.
Love it.  Made a special trip into Philly just to come here.  Also, there is a teacher discount.  Yay I can spend that extra $2 on decorating my classroom........ no really though thanks for the discount :-)

Sure the piece de resistance is the tent.  I will say they did a good job with it and are making such an effort to preserve it.  The rest of the museum is very interactive and informative.  There is just so much to read and see, yes it's possible to do it in a day but really you could go back a 2nd day and read/see more.  I don't think I rushed through but spent maybe 3 hours in the museum.

The gift shop is also off the hook.
Very interesting. Several short movies to watch and enjoy. The flag room was my favorite part. The gift shop was pretty neat too. There is a lot to see and learn here. So much history and emotion packed into a building.
I'll be honest, I came to this museum with very low expectations because the American revolution is my least favorite genre of history. I've heard so much about it in the past...well so I thought. 

This museum was engaging and interactive. It wasn't just pictures and a few videos here and there. Instead there was sound effects and touch screens that gave you different scenarios to choose from. There was educators in different sections to help guide you through the experience. We spent a little over 4 hours here and if time would have allowed I would have spent another 2. 

This museum did a fantastic job educating myself and my adult family members on the injustice that both African Americans and Indians went through during that time period. 

My visiting in-laws said they wish they would have went to this museum first before checking out all the rest of the sites such as Independence Hall and the liberty bell because "it did such a great job explaining the importance and the impact of varying landmarks." This is a MUST. I
Beautiful new museum in Philadelphia's historic district! The staff is friendly and enthusiastic! A short film at the start of your visit will give you a quick refresher course on the American revolution! Plenty of artifacts and interesting exhibits! Plan on spending at least two hours here! Much more if you want to absorb all it has to offer!
 I would suggest visiting in the morning before it gets too crowded but if you're going to visit Independence Hall on the same day,you will run into  crowds at one of them!
Best museum in Philadelphia!

When we were leaving Dallas for our trip to Philadelphia, I mentioned our trip and a friend made suggestions of places for us to visit.  Thia museum was on his list.  It was one of the first things we did and we enjoyed ourselves.  The museum is laid out well.  It is immersive and interactive.  The employees are incredibly knowledgeable and passionate.  We ended with George Washington's tent.  It was a perfect ending to an amazing museun.  Kids and adults alike will enjoy this museum.  Plan on spending around 2 hours.  

Teachers get a discount.  We should have identification.
We live near DC, and this is one of the nicest museums we've ever visited. We bought the family pack online for $55 and arrived promptly at 9:30 am when it opened. There are several movies and videos that you can watch as an introduction into certain areas or you can just go through the exhibits. The George Washington tent movie and exhibit are really special. There are several museum docents walking around with items that our son could touch (rifle, etc). Our son loved the ship and Indian room. The tickets are good for 2 days so we will stop in again tomorrow. We spent about 3 hours today. Highly recommend. Also, it was nice to go on the Independence Hall tour after the museum.
This is a great addition to the Philadelphia historical scene.  The museum is well organized and has a great flow. It contains a good balance of artifacts, wax sculpture scenes, and information.  The information is presented in an unbiased manner, depicting various aspects and angles of the American Revolution, the events leading to it, and the fallouts of the movement.  I went with a school group and we were split into small groups and accompanied by tour guides.  I heard some mixed reviews from other groups, but my group's guide, Jeff G., did a great job engaging the students and pointing out the key elements of the museum.  For preservation reasons, they allow audiences to see Washington's tent for a brief amount of time, what a cool experience.
Great new museum dedicated to all things American Revolution. The displays are all interesting, interactive, and informative. They do a very nice job of their multimedia, with plenty of things for kids to touch and several 
films to see. The best, being about Washington's tent. Gift shop runs the range from inexpensive trinkets to more pricier items. The admission is $19, but discounts kids, seniors, and students. There is a grab and go cafe, and they do have a nice selection of beer and wine.
Superficial, politically correct, fourth-grade-level presentation of the American Revolution. Very little to see for such an expensive, new building. The American Revolution has so many interesting facts and stories as well as many misconceptions. They missed the chance to educate and show real pride. Instead, they give a cheesy and brief view of General Washington's tent treating it as a holy relic... Remember, the Revolution took place in the Age of Reason.
This is one of the new museums to set u in old town Philly so the building is nice, new and clean.  The cost is 19.50 per person which is a little pricey for what you get.   The tour starts you off with a 15 minute or so film downstairs before you go upstairs for a self guided tour of various exhibits.  The exhibits are nice upstairs that include a mix of historic artifacts, art work, modern displays and interactive exhibits.  The museum is smaller than it appears since everything is pretty much upstairs.  The downstairs area is just the ticket booth, movie theater and gift shop.   I think they have a lot of room to grow before I'd call it a great museum.
Great companion experience to Philadelphia's amazing and nearby revolutionary era historical monuments and national parks. This relatively new museum makes perfect sense in Philly, sitting just blocks from Independence Hall where the declaration that launched the war was signed and proclaimed. Visiting Independence National Historic Monument, MotAR and then the Constitution Center makes for a great three day weekend in Philadelphia's old city immersed in history and surrounded by great restaurants and shops. Only problem is if you leave after three days you'll still not have been able to see all of the other excellent nearby museums and culture.

This weekend we finally made our first trip to the MotAR. We were drawn in by the "Hamilton was Here" special exhibit, itself capitalizing on the current Hamilton cultural moment. It worked on us and we are embracing "The Year of Hamilton" it would seem. While we enjoyed the Hamilton exhibit it was very light on artifacts related to him.

The standard exhibits are much better. Mixing displays of period relics with immersive experiences and an informative and educational staff made it fun for both our kids and me their history buff dad. It strikes a good balance between a staid classic museum and a more modern style trying to keep the attention of the kids.  We also appreciated that the museum goes to pains to tell the story of the plight of enslaved Africans and the no win situation the war created for Native Americans. These are important stories of the American Revolution that are sometimes ignored in flag waving jingoism prevalent in many retelling of it's history.

There is little doubt that this is a great museum. If there was a third floor we would have stayed an entire day, but otherwise a three hour visit will let you experience everything, including the kid oriented 'Revolutionary Place' in the basement. $21 for adults, $13 for kids over 5.
One of the newer museums dedicated to early American history (well, actually it's been around for two years now, but still!) is this one. It's in a huge building, just a walk through all of the other historical sites in downtown Philly. The museum provides so much insight on the Revolution, and it's very well-laid out chronologically and filled with so much information. Stories and history are told through multiple perspectives, even with issues and controversies that still lie today (like slavery, women's rights and others). 

I don't want to give away too much about the museum, but I will say it has plenty of great features. By that I mean it has lots of lifelike dioramas, sculptures, even objects that were used during that period of time. There are interactive displays for the hands-on experience. You can also touch things (you'll know what I mean with the "Please Touch" signs). I also recommend the brief film that is shown mid-way through the museum, which has plenty of life-like special effects and sounds. A tour guide will likely approach you on that one. 

Overall, I enjoyed my visit. Yes, the price is a little steep for what you get. I do hope they continue to add on in the future. I would get this as part of Philadelphia's Citypass (that's what I did) - it'll save you time and a bit of money. Recommended!
This is an excellent Museum to bring the American Revolution to life! It is modern and interactive, and features all the important battles of the American Revolution, as well as Native Americans and African-Americans. The highlight for me was George Washington's tent...impressive!
The museum is brand new.  New building, state of the art tech, etc.  So, lovely!  The museum tells a story that has a beginning, middle and end.  If you've been to something like the Texas Book Depository in Dallas or Holocaust Museum in DC...you have experienced what I am trying to describe.

I can't imagine taking a child under 10.  Though they do have a few cool areas where kids could definitely play and there are many places you can touch things...but for the most part, you probably will enjoy it best if you have enough patience to look at things, read things and watch video stories.  This is why I feel a younger child could be challenged....

The museum also has a decided perspective on what the American revolution was--and is.  It reviews and interprets the events, details, facts...but weaves a larger cultural narrative about revolution, liberty, etc.  it's compelling particularly in its inclusivity...weaving a much longer narrative of 'created equal, liberty and justice for all...' that touches briefly on native Americans, women, slavery--I found it forward thinking without beating you over the head.

But all that said---what's great about it is the incredible detail and work that has gone into telling a compelling and visually engaging story with so few 'bits'.  The revolutionary war didn't have photos or videos...and the artifacts are mainly guns, pots...there are long texts....paintings....  but how the museum has used these materials to create interactive multimedia, compelling short form video and tell the 'basic' story for the utterly uninformed while also sprinkling in little bits for the more knowledgeable visitor--superb!  I suppose if you are a card-carrying historian...you might find some elements a little Disney-like.  But I'd like to think even the most critical would be impressed by all that's been done to draw in the audience to appreciate history and the origin of our nation.

The highlight...the absolute epic highlight....is the presentation of Washington's tent.  I'm not easily taken in by an exhibit...but this was superb.  

In the more pedestrian...we went on a Sunday...so crowds were less which was helpful.  Being open only a month I think they are seeing big crowds.

They have a great higher end cafe and a lovely gift shop.  Both lack the usual sort of tourist faire which could make you happy or disappointed depending on your perspective.

We highly recommend a visit.  Give yourself a good 4 hours just for touring.
Spend time here ensuring you see every video and experience every exhibit. It's powerful, and it's thoughtfully done. The history is essential to everyone. The founding generation did so much for ALL of us and we should all appreciate and celebrate it!
Amazing and worth the visit!! They keep you interested in the American Revolution like no other museum has before.
Kind of disappointing. The facility is nice but the whole experience is very sterile and superficial. Not sure who this  was geared for. Maybe people who didn't know there was a Revolutionary War? Not geared to kids or any adults looking to learn anything.
Some glossy film presentations that look
like trailers for a PBS documentary. very glossed over treatment of a harrowing time
In American and human history. There were nods to women and African Americans. But nothing in depth about say the hardships of Valley Forge ( hardly mentioned - except that Martha Washington visited and gave dinner parties for the officers - no mention that the troops were starving...) and lots of rifles and drawings of scenes where actual artifacts and personal stories are lacking. There are tons of extant diaries, personal stories, clothing, uniforms, money, pottery that would have made the curation good. Very little on display. It felt like a college students history paper. How about something about important Philadelphians who contributed to the war effort (Ben Franklin? Benjamin Rush? ) Gift ship
Had lots of good books on a variety related of topics: maybe curators should read some of them.
Museum needs to do a better job of crowd capacity monitoring. This is ridiculous. Coming back tomorrow is not an option for myself and children.  We can't get close to an exhibit to read anything!
I had a wonderful time visiting this museum! I have to (honestly) say, I didn't really pay attention in history class years ago (ha!) so I felt very informed/educated when I left. The movie  played in the beginning was really engaging. However, I wish there were more things to interact with. I enjoyed touching a chuck of the tree's bark that was in one of the exhibit rooms. The building is simple and very clean!! The gift shop was pretty impressive too. If you couldn't find at least one thing you liked, then that's just crazy.
I've been waiting for this to open ever since I knew what was being built on that lot! The building is new and beautiful; I especially loved the central staircase.This museum has a ton of reading,  many figures to look at, rare artifacts, and a model ship which was a lot of fun. I enjoyed the interactive aspects; the displays that could be opened, pulled out, etc. It's much easier to engage with the material when you are encourage to literally do so! And the interactive experience with the Battle of the Brandywine, while not quite all it was hyped up to be, was definitely worth doing. I've seen complaints about overcrowding, but we came around 10:00 on a Saturday morning, and the crowds were not overwhelming. That said, I do feel like I missed some of the information due to not being able to reach it, and rushing through the last couple of rooms because I was starving, so I would definitely visit again to make sure I catch everything! Plus I hear you can maybe dress up for your visit? Intriguing!
This was a cool spot to check out, but not worth the price tag. I wasn't super impressed by the artifacts they had on display in the main exhibit area - it's one winding path, without much else. The Washington's Tent exhibit was fun, with a 12 minute video to sit through that comically emphasized the importance of GW's tent - but it was a neat thing to see.
So cool! Beautiful museum. I would so go back. Plan to spend the day if you plan to read everything. 4 hours of you move quickly and only read half. Washington's tent is very neat. I'd absolutely go back!
This place is amazing. Interactive displays, artifacts, etc. There are several short films and, most importantly, the pride of the collection is Washington's War Tent. The museum is much more than just walk through and look.  At the start, the museum poses several questions for the visitor. 
Go here. Go soon.
Very extensive new museum.  Definitely a fresh perspective on the history of the war.  

Don't miss George Washington's tent.! 

What? 

No, seriously.  Amazing.
It's a beautiful museum with exhibits arranged in a way to tell a good story. There are multimedia exhibits, dramatic videos and a theater to tell the story behind Washington's tent. I was held in suspense as i followed the revolutionary war developments from room to room. I spent more time there than I thought I would. It was terrific!
Went there protesting that I could not see how this would be interesting but wow.... it is small enough to finish , detailed in its information and beautifully laid out. Learnt so many new things about this period. Surprisingly teared up by the time it came to the grand finale of Washington's tent.
Thought overall the experience was good, but not great. Positives: nicely laid out, friendly staff, good videos, interesting curio pieces. Negatives: a lot to read on your own , some areas get too crowded to see the displays, some items marked in too small fonts.
I sadly have no ideas on how to improve it. I love this period of our history, but cannot say I loved the museum.
Took my 9 year old niece here during her winter break and we both had a great time.  The museum is located only a few blocks away from Independence Hall, Liberty Bell and Carpenter's Hall.  Price is $19 for an adult and $12 for a child, and while the place isn't huge, like the art museum, I thought it was well worth it.  The exhibits and move shorts are well detailed, very well done and informative.  The actual artifacts they have, which currently includes Washington's war tent, are outstanding. Highly recommend including this place to anyone who touring historic Philadelphia.
Wow! This museum is awesome! Plan plenty of time - we spent 4 hours and didn't see it all. It's worth the $5 to get the audio tour bc they point out some of the more unique artifacts at each listening stop. It also saves you from having to read a bunch of stuff. Made it more enjoyable. Don't miss the basement kids area - it's awesome with great people dressed up and in character. That really enhanced our experience. It's worth every penny of the $19 dollar entry fee - you will not be disappointed!
I'm a big fan of "after hours" events and thought that the recent History After Hours event at this museum was as good of an excuse as any to finally check this place out (The $10 tickets didn't hurt either-). The event admittance granted my boyfriend and I full access to the museum, including the special exhibit, plus participation in the evening's Hamilton-themed events. 

The staff was friendly and helpful. The exhibits were incredibly engaging and immersive. There's some really interesting stuff in there- but for a space that vast with that much inside, it was really disappointing to see the lack of storytelling/history of the roles of POC in the American Revolution. There's an immersive bit of an exhibit on Native Americans, there are a few sporadic mentions of blacks, but in my opinion, an incredibly disproportionate amount of time are spent on these groups in the museum. It really does such an injustice to tell only part of a story, you know? And for the museum to be in Philadelphia, a place of such rich and diverse history- I really feel like the curators could've tried harder on that front.

I don't think that this museum is horrible... but I definitely thought it could be better. It left me wanting to know more about the people left out of the narrative provided. This country has a diverse (albeit at times problematic-) history. It'd be nice if the narrative here was more well-rounded and accurate.

I'd go back to this museum with people- again, there's interesting stuff here. This is simply part of the story. I hope that as the exhibits grow and expand that that fact is taken into consideration.
Whoa! Just a beautiful truth of who we are... Its absolutely worth your time. Don't let someones bad experience / day stop you from being part of this experience. Come now before you have to reserve months in advance.
This is what a museum should be!  This museum is extremely well done, balancing interactive screens (mostly timelines), artifacts, explanatory text panels, dioramas, and videos.  By going through the galleries in a chronological fashion, you can put events - social, economic, political, and humanistic - into perspective.  Unlike other museums (which shall go unnamed but are relatively new and sit across from Independence Park ;-), you're not bombarded with disconnected sound and light shows that don't help you understand the complexities of a time and environment that are very foreign to our own (but in some ways, eerily familiar).  OK, the multiculturalism sometimes goes overboard, but after being indoctrinated for centuries by blind worship of the Founding Fathers, we could use some other perspectives (even if a little overwrought).  Overall, a well-done, deliberate, and engaging experience.
I am a Revolutionary War enthusiast. My niece (18 yo) and I thoroughly enjoyed the museum on our visit to Philly! 

The museum is well set up. Exhibits are arranged in a circle on the second floor, and begin with the "shot heard around the world" at Concord and end with the battle at Yorktown. 

There are interactive exhibits, including an experience on the battlefield. Docents are around the museum, allowing people to touch objects, such as a reproduction brown Bess musket. Docents also discuss objects used by soldiers to assemble George Washington's tent. A musician sat outside the museum and played a flute, as well as the violin with tunes that would've been heard during the late 1700s. 

The video presentation about George Washington's tent is worth seeing (and the actual tent!!), and don't forget to listen to the surprise about how it got passed down to General Robert E Lee's wife. 

Lastly, a bunch of exhibits on the first floor are aimed at children, but my niece and I still enjoyed them, since most of them were interactive. For example, we got to make our own version of an American revolutionary war flag.

The museum admission price includes two days, and my niece and I spent about two hours the first day and one hour the second day seeing the exhibits. Exhibits included a diorama of George Washington breaking up a fight between his soldiers, as well as part of a reproduction ship that would have been commonly used by privateers during the war. 

The museum staff is friendly, welcoming, and knowledgeable about the revolutionary war era. 

The gift shop is awesome!  Really cool stuff!!

I highly recommend this museum.
I feel this is the best museum I've visited in this town.  Perhaps I am more interested in the colonial period?  Or perhaps I liked the exhibition's layout?  I'm thinking both are true.  
The tent  exhibit was pretty awesome.  I am glad that part of the living history was preserved for posterity.
Amazing addition to the Independence Park area of Old City!  A little pricey but let me just say that the presentation of George Washington's tent is well worth the price of the admission!  I don't normally sit through films when I go to a museum and almost walked right by this part of the exhibit. Thank goodness I didn't!  Rarely have I been so moved! Believe me, bring tissues!
This museum is very informative and captivating. There are interactive exhibits and tons of 5-15 minute feature films covering many different facets of the revolution. There are things to touch/smell/climb, as well as plenty of original and authentic artifacts from the 17-1800s. 

Bring your kids, and visit the gift shop at the end. There's some pretty cool souvenirs in there.
I've been waiting for this museum to open, anticipating an exciting presentation of the American Revolution. What could be more exciting than a revolution, and a revolution against the most powerful empire in the world at that time? What a huge disappointment this museum was. There was nothing, absolutely nothing interest evoking about the narrative or exhibits. Nothing sucked me in, and I am a history junkie. There was one floor of cheesy wax figures and a ton of reading, which was difficult to do over the other people, and none of it told me anything new that I hadn't learned in my history classes, or what I could look up on google -- easily and in a more relaxing setting. The lighting was poor. If I saw one more powder horn I would scream. There must have been 30 of them scattered around as fillers. How many do you need?? I was glad to see the interactive displays, but I've been to other museums with much more compelling interactive displays. I had been prepped for a museum presenting the revolution from the standpoint, not of the great man, but of the people who actually fought in it. At that they only partially succeeded because the presentation was uninspiring, albeit politically correct.
The building is lovely, but I got the feeling that the enterprise was more about the huge gift shop and the event rental space than presenting the revolution in a riveting way so as to excite children and their families about a truly extraordinary historical event. 
Finally, $19.00 for this is way overpriced for what it is. Save your money and go to the Constitution Center. Their exhibits are truly inspirational and interesting and I always learn something new and exciting about our country there.
We've been to a lot of museums and this is one of the best we've ever visited. It has an hour's worth of revolutionary dress-up and activities for the young kiddos on the ground floor, and then hours of immersive history of the best kind on the 2nd floor. Each exhibit combines touch screens, historical artifacts, theater, and even lights/smoke/sound to put you in the middle of the action. The history is good too - quite well balanced, in a pro-America way that also highlights the ongoing push for freedom by Women, African-Americans, etc. Fantastic, good for at least half a day.
Outstanding museum. Good flow and organization; go at ur own pace. Movies are well done and appropriate length / time. Delighted to see Washington's actual war time tent.
We followed the staffs direction to see the 1st movie then exhibit and second movie. Then the staff told us we couldn't see 2nd movie and Washingtons tent because there was a private group and to come back in 20 minutes. So we came back in 20 minutes. Then we came back and we were told the group was running late and they had admitted another group and when that group was finished then We could go in. So we can finally go in 50 minutes later. Good museum, terrible staff. Make sure if you go you ask if they are closed for special events before paying the $62 for your family.
This is a brand new museum.  It's not even a year old.  

Excellent collection of historical artifacts and information.   Seeing George Washington's tent was moving.  The museum has a well detailed exhibit on a timeline model moving you from the start of the conflict to the aftermath.  The immersion exhibits were engaging.   The narrative was accurate and balanced  showing the perspectives of all involved. The staff is eager to help and answer all of your questions.  Will definitely go back when we return to Philly.
I found this new-ish museum a surprisingly modern take on the American Revolution. It tells a fairly inclusive, wide-ranging story that includes the narratives of those voices we don't often hear about in traditional education about the time period (women, people of color, and even a little bit of queer history). The reviewer below me who says that "the liberals have gotten a hold [sic] of yet another history piece" clearly has a bone to pick -- marginalized people were always a part of this history, but we've never gotten to hear about their roles in this important period in the history of the USA. The reviewer may have "read plenty of books" about the period but it's clear that the broad span of materials/people/details that the Museum of the American Revolution covers were not included in many of those. The museum isn't trying to "imbed [sic] an ideal," but rather is attempting to provide people with an education of the country's history from multiple perspectives, illustrating the rich contributions of our early revolutionaries (as well as discussing the mistakes they made) that shaped our history.

The tour guides were also very helpful in providing color commentary with enthusiasm and verve, and I found them quite knowledgeable. I wasn't expecting to enjoy this museum as much as I did, but I'm glad I had the chance to go. History IS political, especially the history of a revolution. To see it without that lens is to miss out on the point. This is a great place for kids to learn about the American Revolution, and there are plenty of interactive/multimedia pieces to capture the imagination of a large span of museum visitors.
Wow. Philadelphia has a gift for captivating, gorgeous, thoughtful museums. We were visiting from California on business and devoted our one free day to this. So glad we did. This is a place that presents a nuanced look at a complex period. It's far more than "taxation without representation," and I learned much I hadn't known before, despite having read a good number of books about this period. I won't spill the beans -- the joy is discovering it for yourself. Suffice it to say, it was a miracle that we gained independence, thanks in huge part to many people and forces we don't always appreciate. What a mind-expanding experience.
This museum was absolutely wonderful!!  When you first come in you are treated to a short movie summarizing the American Revolution and what you will experience in the rest of the museum.  From there you go on to see and read about the loyalists, what they were fighting for, why they decided to fight and what kind of nation was created during and after the war. What I found unique about this museum was that the perspective was not one sided, not just a White American version that was told to many of us within the US education system.  It also included the stories of those enslaved and Native Americans.  It was refreshing to learn new information and discover how the different dynamics of what was really happening at the time played in the creation of America.  It was wonderful to see that my child was able to see herself reflected in the images and history presented.  For example, she was surprised to learn that enslaved people fought for the both sides. These people were named and through an interactive screen we could analyze their lives.  It was really eye opening.  One of the best parts was Washington's tent.  It was really amazing to see and I loved the way it was presented to the public.  It was an enlightening and uplifting feeling being so close to a piece of history.   There is a nice play room downstairs with hands on activities for very young children but I would not take young children to this museum because it would be hard for them to understand most of the content. Probably 2nd grade and up would be best.  Your able to view everything leisurely within about 3 hours so it is not too long.  We went on a quiet, rainy day so it was very peaceful.  There is a cute gift shop but everything seemed overpriced.  Every American should visit this museum at least once.  It truly is well done.
I think this Museum is really top notch! What a great museum the theaters are really nice, seats are very good and big screens and very interesting. I was extremely impressed with the experience of this museum. Love seeing the room with all the 13 stars flags very nice display of them, that room in the middle had activities for children with staff to help them. I just loved being able to see Washington`s Tent that was amazing, a great piece of American history!
Absolutely worth seeing. Washington's Tent is awesome! Kind of a must-see. A very clean, beautiful, small-ish museum with a ton to see. A bit pricey in my opinion ($19) for a museum that only takes about an hour to two to get fully through. Nice gift shop and little cafe. Should see Independence Hall, then this museum, then Constitution Center in that order.
