The building alone is worthy of five stars. Decked out with enormous windows and incredible views of both Independence Mall and the city skyline, it's a breathtaking vantage point.

My recent visit to check out the Spies, Traitors and Saboteurs exhibition, created by the International Spy Museum, was an informative and interesting one. The exhibition chronicles deviants of American history, from when the British invaded in 1812, to the rise of the KKK in the 60s, to present-day tragedies like 9/11. Seeing a mangled sign from the 76th floor of one of the Twin Towers brought tears to my eyes. 

I think Tom D sums up my feelings on the Constitution Center best in saying that it is a place "that makes you really proud to be an American."
I'm sorry - I just don't get this place !  This was my second (free admission) visit and I came away with the same feeling as I did the first time - I'm sure glad I didn't pay to get in.

The visit starts out on a good note - with a live actor giving an overview of our nation's history while various audio-visual effects take place through out the theater.  But then you enter the noisy display area with its static - lifeless exhibits and for me, it's all down hill.  I love history, have visited numerous museums but this one just doesn't click.

Most displays on each side of the circular room have buttons to push so you can to listen to an explanation of what you're looking at.  The problem is they're all "speaking" at the same time so the din is fairly substantial.  Some of the exhibits in the center are on the fun-side; one where you can be sworn in as President and another with a live staff member quizzing you on your American History knowledge in a game-show style. But over all it's just pretty dull.

You then enter a hall where life size bronze historical figures are standing around.  So, OK, you can get a picture standing next to Ben Franklin or George Washington but - really?

The entrance fee is $12, with an additional $3 fee if you want to see their special Spy exhibit.  This exhibit was interesting and well laid out but charge an additional fee - give me a break!

So for a family of 4 (with 2 teenage children) the cost could be over $55.00   I would highly recommend you put your money towards lunch or dinner and spend your time at the exhibits right down the street where you won't spend a dime but will see the Liberty Bell and tour Independence Hall.
The National Constitution Center is a must see.

I took my 12 year old son here years ago and again last week.  He really enjoyed all the interactive exhibits and the show in the main hall.

He loved going in the voting booth and voting.   The different Supreme Court scenarios are pretty cool.  

Both floors had cool displays of history for all ages.

The visitors center has reasonably priced parking.

I'll definitely be back.
I enjoy the National Constitution Center for the overall majority of feature exhibits and special events that they have had. But unlike museums such as the Mutter, Barnes Foundation, and Philadelphia Museum of Art; I'd only ever consider coming here if it has a feature exhibit that especially piques my interest.

Exhibits like Baseball as America; Spies, Traitors, and Saboteurs; and its most recent one about the Rise and Fall of Prohibition have all been absolute must sees that were extremely fun and educational. But while some of the historic artifacts from The Story Of We The People are worth seeing, and Signers Hall can be fun to walk through; the bulk of the interactive and multimedia Main Exhibits like Freedom Rising come off as being a little more geared towards younger audiences and just aren't as interesting.

Overall the National Constitution Center is a definite must if you know some history buffs who are visiting the city that would appreciate the collection. However, beyond that its only really worth visiting when a feature exhibit or special event is especially eye catching. But with the Prohibition exhibit which I highly recommend going on, and Al Gore discussing his new book there on February 4th; there is plenty of good going on there currently.
It is very informative & educational. It is a must go place for school field trips. There are so many museums in this area, you can definitely spend all day here. 

If you have those city pass, this place is on their list. You like learning about history, definitely worth it buying those city pass. Good value!
I only came to The Constitution Center to hear David Horowitz, a conservative commentator, speak. 

I parked in their lower-level parking lot, which was easy to access and find. From the lot, you can than access the Constitution Center via elevator. 

Inside of the building is beautiful. The staff was also very friendly and directed me to the Annenberg Auditorium. 

Along the way to the auditorium there were markings of each state and territory and the year they were established. 

Inside of the auditorium was very nice. It was fairly large for the group. 

The moderator was Rich Zeolite, who was a pretty big deal for a moderator. However, he did not really do much especially to get Horowitz back on topic. I guess it is hard for a talk show to do. 

The Constitution Center is great with speakers.  They are having Senator, Mike Lee speak soon. 

The security guards were nice as well and were polite, especially when handling hecklers. 

My only concern was when leaving the parking lot there was a lack of signage. 

I look forward to returning to The Constitution Center for a future event!
Came here yesterday on Presidents' Day 
Thank God it was free. 
Although the displays and little show are nice, I was offended and uncomfortable here. 
There was a wall of Post It's saying the most vile opinions on what was pasted; "First Lady is a hooker, No Schooling, Kayne for President, allow Sharia Law." Some even had profanity or nothing about current events, history or politics. 
I respect the first amendment but there are many children there. 
Granted I believe a lot of imbecile children possibly wrote them, but fearing an adult would is alarming. 
This took away from the experience.

My son was offered a Choice of President to color and cut,he chose President Trump, and the woman wearing a TD shirt, giving out supplies said "here ya go, they were going to end up as scratch paper"
How dare you say that in front of me and my child? 
I told her "that's offensive to me, and disrespectful, I teach my child to love his country and respect our leader"
She just smiled. 

Dirty filthy bathrooms, but a nice staff, the gift shop, was selling Hillary Clinton merchandise. 
There wasn't anything but a Trump activity coloring book. 

This place was a waste of my time and energy. 
Made me dislike Philadelphia, what a bunch of uneducable cretins. 

Fair and balanced it is not. 
Pennsylvania voted the Republican nominee, who is now our president whether you like it or not, it's a part of American History forever.

Some neat things to see, but I was anxious to get out of there. 
I'll never return or recommend
This is more of an educational tour and part museum than anything else.  It of course doesn't have the actual constitution since it's in DC but it does give a lot of history of the constitution and the country.
This overly busy museum can't seem to decide what it wants to be.

When I walked in, some kids were lined up to play Guitar Hero.  (At a museum?  Huh?)

I was short on time, so I had to whip through the place.  The upstairs exhibit is all about the Constitution, but it's ridiculously loud.  Every exhibit seemed to be blaring a different soundtrack and each would blur together with the next.  So if your idea of a good learning environment is the colossal din from New York City traffic, you'll enjoy this.

There's a room with bronze statues of each of the signers of the Constitution.  It's pretty cool to see how you size up against George Washington.

When I was there, they had an exhibit about the "real" George Washington.  Some parts were cool (You see his actual teeth!  Learn about his relationship to slavery.)  But many of the items seemed presented out of order, and some parts of his life were missing.  One display talked about how Washington was a surveyor.  The next one talked about him in a battle.  Where's the part about him joining the army?

The spies and traitors exhibit was interesting, but pretty thin on information.  There was just a brief note on each incident.  Seems like they could have gone more into each villain's story.  Also, the music playing by the KKK display still gives me nightmares.  Even giant events like 9/11 don't have much information along with them - just the hood of a police car, a fireman's helmet and part of one of the planes.  Really?  Just a quick paragraph about one of the biggest moments in American history?  Okay...

I think the Constitution Center has awesome potential, but its layout seemed either scattered, cluttered or lacking.  Go on Thursdays after 5 when it's just $5.
Visited the National Constitution Center for the second time this weekend.

The first time was for a company holiday party back in 2008.  It was a super cool location for a party- with awesome views of Independence Hall.  They also gave us a presentation of Freedom Rising- which is pretty awesome.

This visit was to see the Bruce Springsteen exhibit (Bruuuuuuuuuce!)  I was able to snag Living Social tickets, so the $24.50 admission price (which includes the Bruce exhibit and general admission to the museum) was reduced down to $12.  Score!  The exhibit itself was awesome and a must-see for any die-hard fan of the Boss.  However, the $24.50 price tag is a bit hefty.  If you want to see it, get there before 9-3-12.  

Anyway, the reason I gave it three stars is because I feel like the museum doesn't have TOO much to see.  The building is gorgeous with a huge two story foyer, but I feel like it is way too wide open and they could have used that space for more exhibits.  They really only have one exhibit area that is included in the normal $15 admission price.  That knocked off one star.

The other reason I knocked off a star was that I hate when musuems have a traveling/special exhibit and they charge separate admission for it.  Why not just have one price that allows everyone to see everything? I know most museums do it but it just rubs me the wrong way.  Especially when you have so few exhibits anyway.

Overall, I feel like this is a great place to hit if you are doing the historical attractions circuit in the neighbohood, have an interest in constitution, and you have time to dedicate to catching Freedom Rising.
I'm not sure who this museum is aimed at but it sure wants you to leave with the impression that America is the glorious victor in it's historical struggle for democracy and, man, aren't we AWESOME?  

Perhaps that's a bit mean spirited, but during this political-convention-ish multi-media show that you have to sit through before entering the museum I really couldn't help but be uncomfortable.  Especially in this day and age...as the presentation marches from early American history to more contemporary history, it was hard for me to swallow it's implication that we have settled the issue of equality in our own country.  And it's implication that the theoretical notion of checks and balances actually prevents the abuse of the Constitution.  I think, whatever your particular political leanings are, you could come up with a myriad of examples from the contemporary political landscape to bring into question the validity of the assumptions made here on these and other points.

Sigh. I guess I understand: everyone needs a creation myth...something of the past to hold on to for the future....so, if that's your bag, that's your bag.  

Perhaps I would have been less annoyed had the National Constitution Center included, i don't know, a copy of the Constitution?  Although, some of the exhibits after the theatrics were interesting.  And the life size bronze statues in Signers Hall were pretty cool.   Worth the $12 entry fee?  Not really.
My parents came into town and we were tourists at all the historic sites with the rest of them--cameras, socks w/sandals and all!  

This place is COMPLETELY touristy.  You have to enter at a timed ticketed entranced ($12 for adults) and tix are available the same day, usually.  First, you watch an awesome 20 min (?) show about the history and creation of the USA, narrated by a live actor in the theater-in-the-round built especially for this purpose.  There is also some media and sound clips--all of which are designed to make your mother (and maybe you) cry at the beauty and wonder that were the 13 Colonies, the struggle for freedom, and the "tolerant" and "strong" democracy that is the United States of America.

Then you exit the theater and look at interactive displays about the US Government, the Constitution, and historic events in US history.  It's all of that which you suppressed in grade school--remember those Constitution tests?  Well neither did I but this was a good refresher.  

You can don a supreme court robe and pretend to hear a case, you can stand at the President's podium and recite the oath of office, and you can hear debates about whether or not women should be able to vote (not until 1920 in PA when a Constitutional Amendment mandated it).

What is missing is any original document.  Any of the following would have sufficed: A) Declaration of Independence, B) Consitution, C) 1 of any of the Ammendments, D) the Bill of Rights, or E) any historic speech.  None of them are there.  Go to Washington, DC to see them!

Overall, this is a great touristy site for families of all ages.  I won't go back, but I'm really glad I went once.
Being in such an historic location, within steps of Independence Hall, the mood within the walls of this clean and ultra modern museum feels sombre, yet enlightening and educational.  You can spend quite some time perusing the core exhibit ("The Story of We the People"), as there is a vast wealth of informative factoids and relics beautifully on display behind glass showcases.  There's even a room with bronze statues of all the signatories of the Constitution, various members of government dispersed throughout the room.  Folks really seem to have fun with this, and it's nice that they do not discourage picture-taking in this room versus the 'no photography' rule that applies to the rest of the museum.  

We scored two, free tickets via The Smithsonian Museum Day special, which also included a free show in the gorgeous, high-tech round theater.  On the downside however, said show is really just a one-wo/man narration enhanced by visual stimuli and a soundtrack, of the events leading up to the creation of the Constitution.  It was underwhelming and in fact, I felt that with such a beautiful theater, the space was misused.  I was hoping to see some re-enactments with actors in period garb, but unfortunately that did not happen, and as a result of the show's shortcomings, no one truly appeared altogether enthralled at the end of it, regardless of  how rousing the topic, nor how dedicated the performance.  I think if we had to pay the full $14.50 admissions price, it may have ruffled my feathers.

Additionally, the museum itself is not that large, and there is a lot of empty space in the hall with all the state flags suspended from the ceiling in a lovely row of nationalistic pride.  It's beautiful and you get a great view of the grounds outside of the museum, but it just seems slightly vacuous.  

Before you head out, make sure you visit the museum gift shop.. it's always fun to do a little souvenir shopping at the end of the day!
You can get as much out of this place as you want to, and you should not miss it if you are visiting the other historical sites in Olde City.
The live show is entertaining and very well done. The interactive exhibit hall and the archive stacks are fascinating. I found this museum ten times more interesting than visiting the National Archives in Washington, DC, and simply viewing a piece of parchment in a glass case.
The museum's designers have made the Constitution intelligible, even to children, and put it's relevance into historical and social context. I found the experience moving and very educational, and would recommend it to anyone, even foreigners.
My wife and I brought our Dutch and Danish friends here. I didn' t think that they would relate (after all, English is not their first language), but they understood everything and loved the experience.
Any American that finds this museum boring is either too jaded to appreciate living in this country, or lacks the intellectual capacity to understand how important the Constitution is to the freedoms that we enjoy and take for granted.
I was glad Eric R. pushed us to visit here on our short trip to Philly.

The center is really amazing - the visit starts out with a live performance in a rotunda theatre that looks like a planetarium.  A docent/actor narrates the story of the constitution, its changes, and its impact, as lights and video move on the floor and along the edges of the ceiling.  The actor moved around and really gave the small audience in each area of the room eye contact.

When we got out, a guide told us how the center is laid out.  Supposedly there was a feedback area but I never saw it.  We started off with the timeline of history.  This was really cool, with lots of interesting displays.  The center is very interactive.  I got to be inaugurated as president on a real podium through a video monitor.  That was fun!

There was a lot of information on suffrage and women's right to vote.  I liked the judiciary stations, where certain Supreme Court cases were broken down on an interactive computer and we could "guess" what happened and learn about the decisions of the court.

In the end, we entered this room of golden statues of each person who attended the Constitutional Convention, including the dissenters.  Each figure was life size, with detailed features of each man (George Washington is tall!!!), and labeled with name and location.  I got to "sign the constitution" then use a computer to get a PDF certificate indicating I did so to my email inbox.

I was really impressed with this center and would recommend it to any Philadelphia visitor.
This was something I wanted to go to since it opened about six years ago. No photos allowed in most of the exhibit or the show.

Big open lawn, leads to a bag check, then a hallway to the left as you enter for the cafeteria, and to the right a gift shop.  Ticket booth is a little circle, add a wrist band to get into the show and tickets for that are $12, then to the Kimmel Theater where an actor/staff member outlays the story of Independence and the Constitution with a light, sound, and video story. To the side is a traveling exhibition hall, currently Napoleon, about to be the Princess Diana story. Other areas include a classroom, open seating above, and soft benches on the  second floor. Parking underneath the building.

Theater itself is nice, a carpeted plexiglas fencing, wooden arms with movie-seating in a deep ampitheater, the theater doors open automatically at the bottom when the show's about to start.  There's an elevator for those who need it. I won't spoil the show, but it's a good background, and relatively up-to-date with modern things, too, included.

Above the theater in a large circle are the bits and parts of US history from the declaration and historical garments and artifacts to a lot of touch screen interactions and models of the government and what the Constitution established. From the branches of government in three really large models of the buildings in DC, to the flags of the various military outfits, the American Tree of digital touch-prints of who's affected US history, to how housing is allocated, to the post-it-filled walls of ideas and a chalkboard near the end for visitors to scrawl on, this museum is a bit of hands-on and hands-off.  The large sculpture room at the end of the main exhibit is cool, with each of the founding fathers of the Constitution represented in a bronze cast of the room where people take pictures with George Washington or a seated Ben Franklin.

This leads out to a mini-game for kids (at certain times) and other programs have shows or exhibits that open up at different times - check the museum program guide printed at the desk. You walk out to a huge American flag and a glass wall that looks out over Independence mall, and you can see the Hall down the way.

You walk along a pathway that has every state's flag above and below, the name of the state and date of entry into the Union, including the US Territories at the end.

We the People... need to take a close look to see how this country was made, and how we've diverged from that today, I think. An interesting exhibit, though I think people would get more out of this if they didn't charge at all, or didn't charge as much, I think.
Sort of like David Byrne sings in the Talking Heads song "Cities", there's good points and bad points coming to the Constitution Center.  It's difficult to grade the place overall and certain people have brought up valid shortcomings in their reviews just like others have brought up valid positives.

In terms of price, this is not a NPS site even though it would fit considering where it's located.  What that means of course is that it costs money.  I see some people whining about the price and if I would have been dumb enough to have paid full price I probably would be a good bit saltier about my experience than I actually am. 

I have no idea what the regular admission price currently is but right now they are finishing up with a winter special where adults are $10 and kids are $5 plus during the year they post deals on either Living Social or Groupon and if you have a BOA America credit/debit card you can get in for free the first weekend of every month year round.  So more or less if you've paid full price either you planned poorly or you're stupid.  As for parking you can pre-reserve via parkingpanda.com or you can use common sense and take SEPTA.

The current featured exhibitions are one of the twelve original copies of the Bill of Rights (even though this is the Constitution Center they of course do not have a copy of that document - The National Archives in DC is your stop for that one) and a photo collection of the Kennedys which was shot by their official photographer Jacques Lowe.  The Bill of Rights was nice although the security/employees are very high strung that you don't touch/lean/or come too close to the display case.  With that in mind it makes seeing the document difficult for children/people of a shorter height persuasion but it was still neat to see the document none the less.  

As for the Kennedy photo exhibit, who cares?  Sure there were some candid shots but overall this display seems very out of place/pointless here and clearly it's being done to bring a few people in the door ($$$) because of the Kennedy name.

The main exhibits are different degrees of interesting ranging from very good to drier than a Gobi Desert summer.  The Freedom Rising show was decent although the guy doing the orating was less than stellar along with vocally being less than loud.  The 360 idea for the show is overrated and the content is somewhere around Social Studies in 6th grade, i.e. lowbrow, unless you know squat about US History which I guess I forgot does make up the majority of the citizens of this country.

The Signers Hall is also overrated.  It's supposed to have some meaning seeing all of the signers each grouped together by state but  instead it turned into a bunch of idiotic teens doing some perverted & nearly obscene things with  the statues bronze hands/fingers while they were taking selfies doing it.  

The Story of We the People is what saves this place for being a total turd.  Lots of excellent artifacts and many different displays (go to the website as there is too much to write about for this part) which for as much as other parts of the Center are either underwhelming/seemed like a bunch of slapped together idea fragments, this part of the place makes up for it in a big way which is good seeing as it takes up the majority of the square footage.

I also see people saying that the place is great because of the windows or the view and to that I say, so what.  When you're inside the building unless you're in the lobby or walking from the We the People area to where the Signers Hall/Bill of Rights are located you can't tell whether it's day or night because there are no windows in 90% of the display areas.  I'm not paying for the how the building looks; I'm paying for what's inside.

Overall I'm glad that I didn't pay full price or any price for that matter and while as I said earlier certain parts are very good, like Ben B. alluded to nearly four years ago in his review, certain parts seemed  lacking or in the case of the Kennedy photo exhibit just flat out don't belong. 

I suppose a solid three stars as I would come back for another BOA free weekend visit in the distant future or for the right special exhibit but short of that I truly don't feel compelled to come back anytime soon.

(Also noteworthy is that they very much frown on the taking of pictures more or less anywhere outside of the lobby with the exception of the Signers Hall which is why there is a lack of pictures of the inside displays.)
One of the most powerful three-word phrases, in my opinion, is "We, the People." The concept of an everyday man being influential in a successful society is empowering. Maybe I am a blue-collar worker, maybe I am the CEO of a big company, maybe I am a student, maybe I am a homemaker, maybe I am homeless, maybe I am a home owner, maybe I am highly educated, maybe I have not finished secondary education....maybe, maybe, maybe.... What I do know is I am one of the People. And as such, I matter and I can contribute to the success of this great country.

This powerful message is what is emphasized to a visitor of National Constitution Center. Through exhibits and shows, a guest can learn about the Constitution: its birth, the ramifications of this powerful document, the times it was challenged, etc.

This is not a big museum and an hour and a half will more than suffice to check everything out. I would suggest taking your time here, though, to soak in just how influential three simple words can be -- "We, the People." Three ordinary words that shaped our country's identity.

National Constitution Center is one of the museums that should be a must-see in historic Philadelphia.
Of all the historical-American stuff I checked out when I was in Philly, the National Constitution Center was the most underwhelming.  I appreciated the fact that it was air-conditioned (I was in Philly in the middle of a horribly hot and humid summer), but that's about it.  There's not much there there.
I love, love, love this place. I can not get enough of their Freedom Film and that room is just perfect. I think for the $20 that you pay to get in here, it is worth a trip every here and there (just be sure you go to the visitor center across the street first to purchase your tickets). 

Anyone visiting the Philly area should really stop in. This is a place that both parent, kids, non english speaking families (like mine) can enjoy together.  I have come here on several occasions and the museum never gets old. They always have something up to date and different to keep you coming back unlike other places, YET do not change what's working like the freedom movie. 

I came here during the elections where they had the polling stations and I thought that was absolutely awesome, I wish every kid could learn about politics that way, because it was so interactive and informative, that it would def educate and entertain all at once.

I also came to see the Prohibition exhibit which was both hilarious and fun. You got to attempt to dance like a flapper, hold some anti-liquor prohibition signs and learn how amazingly creative people will get if you try to keep them away from their liquor!

This is one of my top 5 museums ever for it's simplicity, yet charismatic nature. And on a beautiful sunny day, it is gorgeous to take pictures outside with that giant American flag in the backdrop. If you're lucky you will get some protesters too to make it an even more American moment.
This place is air conditioned, and serves as an oasis when its hot and humid outside.  But, if you have an extra $12, you can see a live performance about freedom and stuff, inside of the Kimmel theater (no relation to Jimmy, I already asked).  Very inspiring.

They have life sized bronze statues of historical figures that you can go ogle, and you can even pen your signature to a page, just like they did in the olden days.

I would liked to have stayed longer, but you can only deposit enough quarters in the meter for 2 hours of parking.  Gotta run.
Boring.   

When it comes to historical landmarks I'm a 12 year old.  Gotta give me excitement to be interested in it.

The high tech visual theater was so textbook I wanted to fall asleep.  The metal statues of our forefathers was empty of any interest.  However, it was interesting to see how tall George Washington was compared to the rest.

I mean geez... the museum at the St. Louis Archway was better than this.  At least their mannequins actually talked and moved.
When compared to other Philadelphia Museums and Landmarks we found the National Constitution Center to be disappointing.

Visiting on Martin Luther King Day tickets were $5. The venue is simply not worth the $14.50 regular admission fee. Yes - One of the thirteen original "Bill of Rights" is on display here. However one shouldn't have to pay to see this historical document.

The Bill of Rights is the true highlight here. The bronze statues of the Founding Fathers - actual sizes - are somewhat interesting. There's a children educational area with a beautiful view of outside Philly. We passed on the theater and concert offerings - possibly a mistake. 

Perhaps spoiled from our earlier visits to nearby museums and historical venues we expected much more from the National Constitution Center.
We unplanned came here just to kill time before our dinner reservation.  You will need tickets to enter and can be purchased at the Visitor Center. We explored the museum  that had us walk through the development of the amendments.  They even have bronze statues of the men that signed the Declaration of Independence... I wanted to take a pic of  Alexander Hamilton, but too many people were  drawing inside. He was short in stature. We learned about the women who shaped history as well. We would do this again and hopefully bring our son along.
While glad this museum is finally open, it's a bit underwhelming. It's more about the history of the abolition of slavery than it is about the details of the entirety of US Constitution. There's an exhibit for women's suffrage, which is pretty cool. And a neat little video for kids that runs every hour, theater-style. But I don't know what I was expecting exactly-- I was hoping to read a replica of the US Constitution, but Nothing of the sort was featured. At $14.50 per entry, there isn't much to this museum.
Just visited this while some friends were in town for the Fourth of July.  I was perfectly content to just poke around the lobby and gift shop, but the out-of-towners insisted on seeing the tour.   

$12 later, I was seated in the small high-tech theater.  The speaker/actress did her voiceover work very well, and the presentation was mildly captivating (the presentation format was rather impressive and engaging to me as an audience member).  After the brief history of America's creation and the constitution, I followed my friends up to the second floor, where there's a more-or-less self guided tour of various facts and histories revolving around the constitution.  Much of it was decent material.

My only real complaint is that while watching a humorous video of Ben Stein explaining the various interpretations that could be made of articles and amendments and other facts about the constitution, the video was cut off (in the middle of a segment), and replaced with a PowerPoint presentation entitled "Political Cartoons 101".  The only people sitting in the area watching the video were my three friends and I, and soon an employee walked into the area and asked us if we liked cartoons, and proceeded to delve into a 15 minute long presentation on the History of Political Cartoons in America.  First off, we were enjoying the Ben Stein video, which was why we were sititng there in the first place, and I was annoyed that she assumed we would rather learn about political cartoons.  Secondly, her presentation was dreadfully boring.  The four of us just made awkward eye contact with each other debating whether we could leave without insulting her and just mumbled whenever she tried to engage us.  Though we were all in our mid-twenties, she posed us questions appropriate to very young gradeschoolers ("Now, what do we all think the shark symbolizes? Anyone? That's right, it's supposed to be something we're afraid of!"), and while I would be fine with this if it were a presentation I chose to go to, she chose to come present this to us (against our will!), and could have at least tailored the presentation to the audience.

The final room of the constitution experience was actually very cool.  It was just a meeting hall styled room with bronze statues (I'm led to believe they are all accurate life-size casts) of signers of the constitution.  They have a guest-signature book out, and it is a very nice photo opportunity kind of room.

I regret that my experience here was largely tainted by a sub-par (albeit dedicated) employee, but overall the museum was just 'decent'.  If you're a history buff, or just need to say you've been there, I suppose the $12 is worth one trip.  I don't think I'll ever go a second time, and I won't likely recommend it to my less-than-110%-patriotic friends.

Still, the building is very nice, and that's something too, I suppose.
Another well done museum in the birth place of our nation. It's not a huge museum, but it does have a lot of information. The presentation when you first get in is very well done. I assumed it would be a video and was curious how it would be done in a round theater, I was pleasantly surprised to see a real live person actually speaking to us. It's a nice way to regulate the flow of people through the museum, keeps the interior from getting too packed. 

The room of life size statues of the signers of the Declaration of Independence was pretty neat. There were plenty of open spaces that clearly had been designed for events. It would be a nice place for a wedding or any other such event. There was a very nice size balcony over looking the park and the visitors center. 

The day I was there it was fairly nice outside and absolutely freezing in the Constitution Center. I'd like to think this was a one time occurrence, but all the staff had thick fleece jackets on, so I don't think it was. It was so cold I wanted to leave. Since I paid $12 to get in, it would be nice if I could've at least enjoyed the experience and learn something before frostbite set in. I'd easily give them 5 stars if it wasn't so cold.
Bottom Review:  The National Constitution Center brings the four-page document to life.

You can learn about the Constitution by reading it (or publications written about it) but if you want to elevate your learning to understanding, then the National Constitution Center is the perfect spot to do so. In a relatable and engaging manner the National Constitution Center helps visitors understand why different articles of the Constitution were drafted as well as their perceived pitfalls and triumphs from a variety of perspectives.

Unlike other sites at Independence National Historical Park the National Constitution Center does charge and admission but it is worth it.  (The $16 parking though not so much.) The intended flow of the museum is as follows:

- Watch a 20 minute film with live narration to set the context for the exhibits
- View and interact with the exhibits
- Celebrate your new found knowledge with  40+ life size statues of signers of the Constitution and take some selfies
- Reflect by the huge glass windows overlooking Independence Mall and Independence Hall


The exhibits are very logically ordered - they flow with the articles of the Constitution as follows:

- An exhibit for each of the original seven articles
- An exhibit for each of the first ten amendments (The Bill of Rights)
- An exhibit for each of the other 17 amendments from 1795 to 1992

Since the exhibits are all tied to issues addressed in the Constitution some of the topics you can learn about are slavery, voting rights, freedom of speech, labor unions and the President's duty to uphold the Constitution. 

Overall I spent about two hours here but another hour would have been ideal.  There is definitely more than three hours of content here but I think I would have reached learning/reading saturation at that point. I'm a fan of American history but there was still plenty to learn at this museum.
I have visited the National Constitution Center twice, once for an evening reception, and once with my child's middle school class, not paying for admission either time.

The building is very new, and would be a dignified venue for hosting a large group event.  I don't know whether the catering at my event was in-house or from outside, but it was very nice.  The proximity to, and view of Independence Hall is a nice plus.

I found the live performance presentations held middle schoolers' attention much better than a movie would.  The main presentation was well structured and contained enough emotional punch to maintain interest.  The presentation attached to the traveling exhibit was very good, being dramatic enough to grab attention and give the important ideas being explored the gravity they deserve.

Two notes:  First, I was surprised to learn that memberships are available to the National Constitution Center, but discovered that a number of entertainment and other temporary exhibits and events are hosted there.  Second, the actual original Constitution of the United States is not here:  It is housed at the National Archive in Washington, where parts of it are on display in the day time.

Why no fifth star?  While I find no major fault with the National Constitution Center, it has stiff competition in the city which witnessed the birth of the United States.  There are equally elegant venues elsewhere in Philadelphia, and many sites having a more direct connection with the nation's past, many of which house actual artifacts of the beginnings U. S. history (the Liberty Bell, Independence Hall, Elfreths Alley and City Tavern come to mind).
I'm glad I had the City Pass, I would be pi$$ed if I had paid to go here.  The center was just plain boring.  Yes, it was informative, but the exhibits weren't really engaging and everything was just so wordy, it was hard to grasp what they were trying to teach you.  The show was just awful.  The theater itself was really cool - a round theater with multiple levels of seating, but the show was really really bad.  I wouldn't have minded just a movie, but they had a girl that did live voiceovers and it just made the whole thing very uncomfortable.  Go if you can get in for free or get a deep discount, but do not pay full price to go here.
It makes complete since to have such a monumental museum in a city where so much monumental historical events took place. The Constitution Center is incredible and filled with copious historical facts and information of America and the creed it which it stands on. Though its complexities and dark and struggling periods, it makes you proud to be an American. Through the Freedom Rising show, you get a riveting reminder that "We the people" are what constitutes this nation as outstanding. I left feeling inspired and a greater sense of connectedness to being an American. It's a beautiful building and friendly staff. I intend to make frequent visits to view it all.
I recently visited the constitution center with a friend. It was not what I expected, but was very enjoyable nonetheless. The best part was the beginning where they file you into a circular theater to listen to an actor, accompanied by a video, speak about what it is to be an American. It was very moving and well-done. A must-see when visiting Philadelphia.
I had been dying to go here, and I was definitely impressed. I don't live nearby, and the last time I was in Philadelphia as a kid, I don't think this museum was built yet. (Otherwise, I would've gone!) I teach social studies and actually used materials from this museum's website, which were engaging for a variety of students. 

The museum is well designed, airy, and spacious. I love the display of all the state flags, which hang in chronological order.

There's a mandatory beginning presentation where you hear about US history in a bird's-eye-view fashion that focuses exclusively on the linear view of continuous hurtling toward progress. Still, the presentation (20 minutes, roughly, and guided by an enthusiastic actor as HQ projections line the 360-degree space) didn't hesitate to show less-than-savory aspects of our history. My problem, though, was that it was mandatory, and it was a bit obvious for some of us. It wasn't especially detailed, so it wasn't suitable for every museum guest.

The exhibits were very interesting, full of easy-to-understand explanatory blurbs and plaques. The large 3D models of the Supreme Court, Capitol, and White House were eye-catching, but it was unclear what their purpose was, other than to be accompanied by a short and general blurb. I found some plaques to be too general for my taste, though I'm sure it would work well for younger people who are only at the beginning of their historical learning journey ;) I also appreciated the "fantasy election" where you couldn't know which two presidents you were choosing between until you saw results. It was a nice way to avoid a user's bias and teach them a thing or two about what politicians thought on each issue in a de-politicized way. 

This museum should NOT be overlooked, though it is a bit general at times. I almost overlooked the founders' gallery - a room full of life-size statues of EVERY signer of the Constitution! It's a great room for photo ops and to learn more about each person, not just Hamilton or Jefferson. There should be more in the museum to advertise this part, as it seemed almost off the beaten path!
It's not as big as it looks from the outside, and I honestly didn't learn anything about the Constitution that I didn't already know. Honestly, it seemed more like a museum to commemorate slavery in America than about the Constitution as a whole. That's not PC, but that's the impression my friend and I both got. Take some tours and save your $15 for something else.
Live theater performance in 360 degrees ... with a video component that runs along the walls as well as in the direct center of the stage.  This was an experience of a lifetime for me - and as a chaperone for 40+ kids, I can honestly say - they LOVED it as well!!  
I want to encourage anyone who will be in the Philly area in the next few months to start looking at ticket information and show times for their upcoming events!  We got to see some of the people who were auditioning and how much passion and dedication they had for wanting to be a part of this place.  Its well worth it - and an experience you will take with you far beyond the hours you spend within its walls!
This museum has a lot of information and a good way to display them if you are interested in learning about the constitution. In addition to signs, there are a lot of sound bites and videos to play. When you first come in, you have to watch the video, but it's in a cool circular theater and is part video/part speaker who leads it. Luckily they air this often so you don't have to wait long since it seems you HAVE to watch the video before accessing the rest of the museum.

So naturally if you have a theater full of people enter a museum at the same time, it'll be a little congested at the start, but there is a lot of good information about the history of the constitution, when changes were made, and when they applied, etc. It's a circular layout around the theater, so once people start going at their own pace, it's less crowded. I do think it's best for older kids and adults, because a lot of the concepts aren't going to appeal to small children, but it's a great place to visit while you can look out to the place the document was actually signed.

They also had a small gallery with statues of all the signers, so that made for some nice photo opts. They allegedly sometimes have a Constitution on display, but theirs is currently in NYC. 

I think this is a must see for history or political fans. If you're just a casual tourist walking around the city, I'm not sure it's the most enjoyable use of money, but I think we all as citizens SHOULD be more interested in how the government works, and this has a good wealth of information on the topic.
Nice, modern museum that covers all the aspects of the Constitution in great historical detail.  The interactiveness of the exhibits keeps everything interesting.  Well worth the $12 price of admission...

The interactive narrative called "We the People" was well enacted...

The life size statues of the signers of the Constitution was kinda neat.  You just don't realize how tall these guys actually were;  either that or it reminded me of how short I am by comparison...

There is an exhibition called "Spies, Traitors, and Saboteurs" which is currently being featured that was interesting...

My favorite exhibition is the permanent core exhibition called "The Story of We the People."  Filled with multimedia, film, and artifacts, I found the displays to be very informative and interesting.  I have a particular like of 20th century history and I felt that this was covered in good depth too.  The displays were interesting but didn't bog you down with too many unnecessary details, pretty much just the pertinent facts, which I appreciated as there was so much to see...

In retrospect, I think I enjoyed this historical stop more than the others that we saw in the area, even though it happened to be the first one I visited.  The air conditioned building was very much appreciated, especially since the weather outside on the day we visited was particularly humid,  something to keep in mind if you are visiting multiple historical sites in the area as not all of them will have AC...
It reminded me of waking up to a tap on the head in History class-- but this time I paid to fall asleep. 

The place sure was nice and big and very clean. The multi media presentation was by far the coolest thing there; and the woman presenter deserved an Academy Award for her stellar performance. (That alone was worth the $12). But sadly folks, that is where the buck stopped. As my husband and I emptied out of the theater- we both glazed over for the next half hour as we walked briskly towards the exit.

I can see how this would be an amazing place to take the kids, but to us, it was just a little...boring.
$15 general admission plus special exhibit (about spies and traitors) and $12 for reg admission. The show they had was sorta fun if you didn't know much about the constitution and there is a guy in a suit who comes in adn talks about it.  We sorta felt bad for that guy since he was so dramatic and I feel like he would be really bored. I def think this was a great place to bring maybe middle school kids since it is very hands on. The signers room was cool with lifesized versions of the  signers of the constitution and information about them.
Had a much better time now that my little one is 6.5.
She was too freaked out by the Spies & Saboteurs Exhibit (there is a KKK part that she found very disturbing)

But she LOVED the 17 minute show in the Kimmel Theater (Freedom Rising) and the "carpet game" for kids on the top floor.

We became members through Groupon, so from now through next June we'll be living there.
Been wanting to get to the Constitution Center since it first opened.
The introduction in the theater done by a young after woman performer who did a nice job. After that the experience went downhill.  
The initial charge of $14.00 was enough but an extra $3.00 each was added on to be admitten to the special section about running for president . We assumed it would be updated to reflect the current campaign, but instead was a very dated display of old memorabilia , and towers to read that had a sound system that you could hardly hear. Taking your picture at the presidents desk was the only highlight. Hardly worth an up charge. 

The second floor had lots of good information that was displayed with touch screens but the sound on the floor was very opened and hard to tell what you were hearing. Also way to much to read .....too much reading even for we history buffs who generally like to read interesting material. 

Bottom line.
This place needs a good update with newer technology. School age kids will come away bored from that field trip for sure. Too bad, it would be a great education if movies and technology could tell the story of the Constitution in a more interesting way.

A giant building unfortunately with a lot of wasted space .
I knew nothing of this place until I was stopped in the Liberty Place shopping center to take a survey about the constitution that must have been a market research study for the NCC....

Regardless, I decided to check this place out with a friend visiting Philly this weekend. (iugh, wish I had bought that Groupon!!!)

GENERAL: * * * *
* Beautiful Building
* Reasonably Priced ($15/person for all the exhibits)
* Has a decent sized cafeteria for the size of the museum

PERMANENT EXHIBITION: * * *
You start out watching a multimedia/live performance called "We the People." Very motivational and nicely non-partisan... Great way to start out our trip to the center. Upstairs after you are done, you go upstairs and view lots of exhibits regarding the Constitution and the US National Government. Unless you were at a school where they didn't teach US History this part of the museum will be a review of high school history.

ART OF THE AMERICAN SOLIDER:  * * * * *
Who knew that the US Military commissioned artists to capture not only the battles, but everyday life of American Soldiers! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!! It was very interesting.

SPIES, TRAITORS, AND SABOTEURS:  * * * * *
Quite possibly my favorite part of the entire National Constitution Center. The only bad thing was it was TOO SHORT! They had really interesting information about the KKK, 9/11, and the Revolutionary War.  Makes me want to go visit the Spy Museum in Washington DC.

Overall, It's worth the visit!! I would recommend for a rainy day or quick trip to Philadelphia
The lady behind the counter at the souvenir store is NASTY! Yelling at families for the most innocuous things.
Excellent opportunity to learn about FREEDOM, RIGHTS AND THE ACCEPTANCE OF DIVERSITY OF PEOPLE!

https://www.change.org/p/the-people-impeach-donald-j-trump
Interesting place the Constitution Center.  This was one of the first museums we got to hangout at as part of the AMMC conference last October. The large rotunda entrance is impressive and plain at the same time, ringed on the ceiling with flags from all the 50 states as well as our commonwealths & territories with information about when they were in corporated.  

The entrance is so large you may miss the gift shop on your right if you're entering with a large group.  

The permanent exhibit was cool blue in color with lots of constrasting light and shade but overall was a bit overwhelming.  You'll need a lot of time to poke around, read, play with the interactives, but it was nice that I could take photos inside.  

My favorite part was the room with the lifesized statues of the signers of the Constitution with information about each.  You can sign their guest book which is on a table and it looks like you're signing along with the rest of them.  Great photo opp so don't forget your camera. 

I didn't watch the live performer dressed up in historical costume, but I heard it was a great performance so check that out as well.  

I bought a souvenir for my ma in the gift shop right before I left.  The gift shop and the lifesized statue room were the few places in the National Constitution Center where I encountered friendly staff members.
A very nice museum. We have been here a few times.

The Civil War & Reconstruction exhibit presently running was very illuminating. Many not very well known, bits and pieces of our Nation's history on display and explained. Always good to stop in when in town and see what is on offer. 

Founders Hall is an enjoyable stop. Who knew Madison and Hamilton were of such short stature? Also the 20 minute video presentation on the origins of it all is very well done.

Worth a look. 

Mark & Nancy.
I always enjoy this museum! I come several times a year mostly on the free days. The permanent exhibits are always fun to see especially Signers Hall. I like to get my selfies with different founding fathers each time lol the main permanent exhibit is extensive so there's usually a new fact to learn that I missed before. There's a new permanent exhibit about the Civil War that was informative and had kids activities throughout. There's a Hamilton exhibit. Timely with all the hype about the play! It was interesting to learn more about his life. One of the guides in the exhibit pointed out some interesting facts about the duel. I would tell you but you need to come in and see for yourself! It's a great place to visit anytime whether you're a resident or tourist!
As a resident of the Philly area I often steer visiting friends and relatives to the typical historic attractions.  This has become my new top-of-the-list, must see attraction.  The liberty bell is legendary and worth seeing but it's nothing compared to this spectacular building.  By the time you leave your blood will be red and white and blue and you'll be humming patriotic songs for a week!  

It's going to cost you $12 plus an additional #3 bucks for Feature Exhibitions.  Don't think about it, just pay it.  It's worth it.  Everybody's different but I'd plan on about a three hour stay.  Everything about this place is a class act.  Just the building itself is incredible.  All the exhibits are beautifully maintained with nothing broken etc.  

Everyone should visit here at least once in their lives!
Terrific museum focused on the constitution, its history, people involved then and now, and politics today. Easily done in a morning, with interactive exhibits that really immerse you into the written history of the USA. Would recommend! Definitely a lesser known, lesser visited museum in the Philly metropolitan area, but equally worthy of your time.
The place is alright, and I did enjoy the circular exhibit that does a decent job of chronicling our nation's evolution while also raising some intelligent questions beyond the typical American history rhetoric.

That said, there really isn't much nuance or complexity here. Nothing especially revelatory, and little in the way of actual historical artifacts, which is underwhelming. 

The George HW Bush hall has a few documents, and the Signature Hall statues are cool, but my experience was soured here when some mall cop-style overweight African American female concierge kept lording over me and following me around because she felt I got too close to an exhibit that was protected by glass, and then kept trying to catch me in the act of taking pictures when I was simply texting my grandfather.  

Like, serious JV squad loser that should NOT be in a public-facing role if she's going to be an aggressive bully.  She was looking for a fight, which was just pathetic.
This place is really cool. We loved reading about the Founding Fathers and seeing the statues which are specific to each one as far as height, weight, etc. You must stop by and see this if your in the area! The only thing I didn't like was that the Hamilton exhibit was an extra fee and was not included on our ticket.
A little disappointed. Most of this feels like a rewrite of your US History book but enlarged and with more interactions. Freedom Rising isn't really a movie, but a worker speaking as they show some vignettes of early American history (the theater was cool though). The Signer's Hall room was kind of cool in the sense that you could see how tall each founding father was (Washington was the only really tall one), but I felt they could have given some descriptions in the room of what each person in the room contributed to the US.

If you have limited time, I would skip this. Wish I spent time somewhere else.
Totally not seeing what everyone else sees in this place. It is overpriced for what you get, which is hardly anything. The 1968 Exhibit was worthless. Nothing more than you could have gotten from an Encyclopedia.

They waste what money they have on advertising. There is advertising for them all over the city and throughout the suburbs. Why can't they put that money into the exhibits and make them worth the cost of admission?
This is more of a review of the Diana exhibit, however I did visit most of the center as well. I was a little disappointed int he Diana exhibit; it didn't really show you much about who she was and only offered a minimal glimpse of her life. I felt the exhibit was small, I paid $5 extra for the audio, but I don't feel it's necessary. The wedding dress wasn't what I expected, I thought is was faded and lacked proper care. It was cool to view her other dresses, but again very little in the exhibit about the stories behind them, or her. Her souvenirs were extremely expensive. 

I really enjoyed the performance in the round theater. The actor was excellent in narrating the history/purpose of the U.S. Constitution. The exhibits were well placed and easy to access, however it will take a long time to visit each one, so allow yourself some time.
This past weekend, I did the touristy thing and went to the constitution center. This was not the first time I've been there, and I enjoy it every time I go. What was great was that my co-worker got my ticket for me, so it was free!

But I would pay to go to this museum if I were visiting Philadelphia. It's one of these places that makes you really proud to be an American. I would contend that it rivals some of the best stuff Washington has to offer, and totally blows everything Boston has to offer out of the water. 

If you are from Philadelphia, you should definitely take the day to come on by. Don't forget to pull Ben Franklin's finger in the creepy-cool signer's hall.
Maybe I'm in the minority, but I really liked this place. Don't you come to Philly for the history? Maybe the $15 bucks is too steep for some people. There was a really cool av presentation and huge sprawling Constitution museum. They give you iPods that provide audio tours for the different highlights. I spent my visit to Philly in awe of what our founding fathers created for us. Now we can even have dissenting opinions in yelp.
i liked this place because of some of their displays. such as the liberty bell and the level of craftsmanship that must have gone into it. i also like their new exhibit featuring various items that once belonged to former presidents' wives. another addition i liked was the lifesize(?) statues of the men who participated in the signing of the declaration.
this is a cool place to visit if your in the mood for history and looking at something new that the city has to offer.
It's an interesting place.  They provide a nice historical perspective on the Constitution such as displaying the first official newspaper posting of the Articles.  It's the live theater part that can use some work.  It's like watching a Simpson's episode where the school puts on a play about patriotism and the history of America.  If any one had farted or yelled "baba booey!" the whole audience would have laughed.  

Don't bother with the First Ladie's Exhibit featuring Jackie Kennedy.  You are misled by the banner thinking you will see her jewelry, silverware and such.  It's just photos of her and JFK lounging around.  The same photos you can see in Life magazine.

The F.M. Kirby Theater is nice.  It's wall to wall wood.  Literally.  It even smells like freshly cut timber.  I believe it's ash wood.  The 50 flags (one from each state) is nice too.
The Center is Interesting but is overpriced for what you get.  At $14.50 there is just not enough to it to justify the price.  You get a short presentation by a live actor about the history of the constitution.  Next there is a museum area where you can see a few historical pieces, and by a few I really mean a few, there are probably a few dozen pieces on display.  There are statues of the signers and finally you can go see the special exhibit, which when I was there was a display of some Pulitzer pictures.  Nice, sure, but I could simply look on the internet and see the same pictures for free.

My gripe with this place is not with what they have on display, it's what they charge for you to come in and see it.  I have been to museums all around the country and there is much better for the money.  In DC you can see numerous museums of much higher quality, with literally thousands of pieces on display, for free!  Or compare it to say the Met in NYC; 30 bucks will get you easily a full days worth of amazing stuff to look at.  At the Constitution Center you are paying 15 bucks to see a few dozen pieces and some statues, probably a 1 hour experience unless you really stretch it out.  In my opinion it's a scam.  They know they can get away with it because clueless tourists will pay it.
I stopped by here 30 minutes before they closed for the day. The docent was nice enough to discount my admission and recommended Signers' Hall as the one thing I definitely needed to see. The life-sized statues of the signers of the U.S. Constitution were wonderful to see, especially after visiting nearby Independence Hall where they signed the Constitution. It was especially neat because the statues add a dimension of reality to an event we typically imagine in 2-D.
I feel like this is a place every American should visit, but most adult Philadelphians haven't, because they "did all that historical stuff when they were kids".  I hope they reconsider.  First of all this isn't really a history museum, it is a museum about the Constitution.  It is very light on the artifacts and heavy on the interpretation.  There are interactive elements throughout.  The one theatrical part at the very beginning is incredible; I've seen it three or four times and it really hit me hard each time.  I think that if you have limited time, skip Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell; you will get more out of the Constitution Center.  You should know that when you arrive, you will receive a timed ticket that determines when you enter into the theater (you can't really by-pass this, and even if you could, you shouldn't).  The times I've been I haven't waited more than 20 minutes from ticket buying to entering the theater.  I don't know I foreign visitors will find the Constitution Center interesting, so please post your opinion if you're non-American and you've been.
I went on a school trip here with my son. This will be my second time on a school trip. Me and my wife came before the bus showed up the staff at the door was helpful. I think that the building it self and the lobby it self is a let down. It is the contution center. ( by the way I wrote one review for the contution center and yelp removed it. They said I made personal attacks. I guess yelp should visit the contution center. First ammendment.  But I guess they have been sued to many times.) Any way the staff that deals with the kids should work on their interpersonal skills. The center was clean and well set up.
I was super-impressed, when I last visited this museum about 5 years ago. Although when I first entered the building, my reason was to use their bathrooms, when I entered and saw their objectives in the grand opening-hallway, I decided to buy a ticket for one of their shows in the rotunda. And that was the best idea I ever had. Although the show is still seen to this day (the show was called "Freedom Rising") my time in Philadelphia was limited to just that one day. I haven't been back to this area since. 

Although their website explains their museum and show, I was astounded by the information and gamelike atmosphere for the show I saw. And although I don't remember much about how this show was set up so long ago), I do remember that people were able to challenge each other, to questions that were posed in the movie. A giant projector projected the movie images onto a cylindrical column in the center of the room (from above). 

The one thing I didn't like, was having to walk stairs upwards to exit the show after it finished. But I was able to deal with it, being I was not handicapped in any way (and being I walked from my hotel on Chris Columbus Drive, about 10 blocks away, I knew I could do these stairs too). 

I also found another slight problem with the show. If you looked up and to an angle, from certain parts of the room, you could see what was going on outside the show area, out onto their exhibits for guests not wanting to see the show (and where the exits take you, for more exhibits and information on what rules, we Americans, have to abide by. 

By and by, I loved the show and all their exhibits(some are more interactive than just statues that stand still-some are fully interactive-games and such), and truthfully, if I was ever in the area again, I'd definitely see the show again. If I ever knew of anyone who was in Philadelphia, I'd definitely recommend them seeing this museum's show and all that goes along with it. I was super-impressed with it.

Maybe it was the upcoming one year anniversary when I walked into this place(in August 2006), but the place was spectacular for the first Saturday in the month.

Parking, from what I read on the website, is located underground in a parking garage.  however, I do not know if this parking is paid or not.  

There are other parking lots underground nearby, but are a good walk to/from that museum, so get your money's worth and take in other places that day too, on that parking lot day's ticket.  Such other items include other historical places(Liberty Bell to start-off with).  However, if you find closer hotels that allow you to park in their lot and are able to walk into town, go right ahead.  Take the walk to this museum, and start your day here.
This is history, folks, about a old as white people get in North America. The Constitution Center anchors Independence Mall, with Independence Hall, the Liberty Bell Center, and the Bourse Building.

It's a brand-new, spacious and airy theater/museum, featuring an audio/video presentation narrated live in a round theater. The program takes you from the 13 colonies going about their business through the "taxation without representation," the Declaration of Independence, the Revolutionary War, the Articles of Confederation, the Constitutional Convention, and the Constitution itself. (Wow! Sounds like I learned something.) 

On exiting the theater, there's a beautiful museum of paintings, artifacts, photographs, audio recordings supporting the trials and triumphs of the Constitution through the present day. Just $9, it's a must see. Also cool, a room of life-size statues of each of the signers of the Declaration of Independence.
I wasn't extremely impressed with this place, especially compared to what I was expecting as a major historical center in Philly. The normal exhibits were not in depth at all and I didn't find them very interesting. The special exhibits that are on sometimes are much better, though they usually cost additional money, and the video presentation I found interesting. However, it's when you get to the upstairs after that and look at the statues, which is pretty much the whole thing, it's actually pretty boring. Not worth the price, especially because you can get the same information at any other historical museum in Philly.
Any place that can remove my cynicism about our country and make me get all gushy inside about being an American deserves five stars. 

The video paired with the woman presenter in the introduction is the best part!

The rest of it was like a history lesson that I enjoyed. But me and my sister are nerds and had great discussion. I learned and relearned alot. 

We attended their special presentation/show that happens twice daily on current events with a class of elementary school kids. While I didn't get much out of it intellectually I was really impressed with the way they paired different points of view on constitutional issues into a well-acted skit. Very engaging!
Wow, this was one of our favorite places to visit in Philly.  It was very interesting and we would have liked to spend more time than we scheduled to see all of the different displays.  I think it was better for adults and older kids.  Young children would be bored.

My husband and I will go back next time we are in town and recommend the center highly.
Huge waste of space.  The display was pretty neat and informative, but all and all it was a huge waste of money.  We paid 12 doll hairs to walk around through a single interesting area.  Maybe if they had all kinds of things going on it would've been worth it, but with what they have right now, it isn't.  The building is huge though, so hopefully they will improve on what they have going on there.
I went to Philadelphia, PA a few weeks ago for a weekend trip with my friend and thought we check this place out. Well mostly my idea. Haha. I like my American history. 

Admission was a bit pricey. $14.50 for adult tickets. If you have a student ID, I suggest you bring it for a discount. You really can go through this museum in less than an hour unless you really read everything. 

We started out with a 20 minute show inside the theater. It's a history of the constitution from how it started to how it is in today's world. There is a live actor that narrates the story and I guess she also tries to inspire you because she kept on repeating the phrase "we the people." There is a cool screen around the top of the theater, so you can see images. Pretty neat.

After the show, we checked out the constitution in the next room. They have the constitution written on a glass wall, word for word. They also have a history of important Supreme Court cases. You can pretend to take the presidential oath. There is also a signers hall where there are a life size statue of the signers who signed the constitution. Visitors can sign the constitution as well. I signed it just for the heck of it. 

A neat place if you like your American history. Not worth $14.50 though. This is definitely a tourist attraction if you have never visited Philly. Don't expect the real constitution to be there because that's in Washington D.C.
Such a well done museum! The place is very clean and modern and the exhibits were FANTASTIC! The staff was very friendly. The museum does a great job of tracing the Constitution's history. A must if you are taking a historic tour of Philly!
Wow - I can't believe it took me this long to yelp the Constitution Center.  This really is a must-stop place for visitors & tourists as well as residents.  The exhibits are historically accurate and a bit of fun - although kinda dull for the very young (our 4 year old would rather run the halls).

The performance is not a great for young kids - too boring - but we, as parents, enjoyed it.   (And the respite of sitting down for a few!!)
Best interepreted historical site/museum in Philadelphia.  It manages just the right mix of education and entertainment.  My only criticism is tha the bookstore's pretty weak.
This place struck me as a total ripoff.  Maybe it was my fault for coming to this center on a weekday, but the hordes of schoolchildren certaintly didn't make it any better.  When we asked the ticket sellers why it was worth going, telling us there were some "cool things" was not really a big draw.
Maybe it was because we showed up about forty minutes before closing time, but my cousin, her friend, and I were somewhat bummed out by how little there was to do here. We were also expecting a museum dedicated entirely to the United States Constitution. What we encountered were exhibits on topics that could be drawn to the content of the Constitution, but not about the document itself. We may not have seen everything, but we were pretty sure that there were only two floors in this gigantic looking building with limited things to see on each. We were the only ones there and I at least expected to see some intelligent life in the place besides us and the guards. A few of the displays were cool-looking but the ambiance just wasn't there. Maybe I will come back at some later point when things are a little more upbeat before I pass to harsh a judgment.
This museum is a collection of interactive exhibits covering our nation's early history and evolution.  

To start, there is a wonderful introduction to our nation's birth which is conducted in the large round theater.  The show was called Freedom Rising, and it was quite informative. A female narrator added a bit of drama and kept the audience interested as she transitioned the presentation from one topic to the next.  It was an interactive experience, with information being presented in a thoughtful way using a multitude of methods to present the information and also questions for the attendees to consider. 

After the conclusion of the show in the theater, we exited and a staff member provided a brief overview concerning the layout and organization of the museum.  Again, the theme of interactive engagement with the attendees continued.  The museum provided in depth information about our country's formation, and also how the principles of the Constitution are still living and breathing in our society.  The muesum covered information about the Supreme Court, including an opportunity to try on one of the robes worn by the Justices.  

Since we visited during an election year, there was a make-shift voting booth that you could enter.  The exhibit asked you to pick a handful of topics that were important to you.  From there, you were asked a series of questions about your beliefs on each of those topics.  The end result was a suggestion about which candidate was most closely aligned with your thinking (that is assuming there's no flip-flopping, right?).  As an undecided voter, I found this to be an extremely worthwhile exercise.

Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed the visit.  Unfortunately, we did not leave enough time for the museum and had to rush through things towards the end.  Should my travels bring me back to Philadelphia, I would definitely go for a return visit.
I've made it here a few times, so I've seen the main exhibit a couple times thoroughly as well as two of the special exhibits.  Most recently I went with my girlfriend to see American Spirits, the exhibition on prohibition.

The main part of the museum starts with their "live" show.  It's a very immersive multimedia experience narrated by a staff member.  I've seen the show twice and it's actually very entertaining.  You probably won't learn much from it, but it's a great introduction to the museum.  Afterwards you are let out into the beginning of the exhibits.  There are tons of interactive elements, which are fun, even for us older folk.  A lot of the interactive elements might even be better suited to young teenagers and above.  You can easily spend a few hours exploring this area.

The special exhibits at the National Constitution Center are usually very good.  The two I've been to have been well though out and very interesting.  The exhibit on George Washington really taught me a lot about the life of our first president.  The exhibit on Prohibition taught us a lot about the short period of time before, during and after prohibition.  Both were entertaining, but in American Spirits they added a ton of fun games and activities.  Our two hours in the exhibit flew by and we really enjoyed it.

I'd definitely recommend stopping by the National Constitution Center, especially while they still have American Spirits on site.
You know, I really do enjoy the collection of museums around this country that highlight our nation's history (and future).  My wife and I were VERY pleased with our visit to the National Constitution Center.  It was one of the last places that we went to before we went back home to St. Louis, and it was a nice cap on a great week of Philadelphia tourism.

You won't have any trouble finding this beautiful building in Old City.  I found that the Center was the first place that locals suggest going to, and you can walk up to most people on the street and be confident that they can point you in the right direction.

The entrance fee was reasonable, and it was pretty much an all-access pass.  If you wanted the audio portion of their special exhibit, you could pay extra, but we didn't.

We weren't really sure where to start, but the staff there was super helpful, and they let us know the best way to begin.  My fellow Yelpers have already gone into plenty of detail, so I'll just write that the presentation in the beginning was IMPRESSIVE, and even my skeptical ass was getting teary-eyed with patriotic feelings.

The exhibits were interactive and great.  We spent an easy hour walking around, and it would have been no problem to take even longer.  Before we left, we saw the Art of the American Soldier exhibit.  Beautiful and stirring.  In retrospect, I strongly suggest purchasing the additional audio guide.  It looked pretty cool (but not necessary if you are counting your shekels).  Btw, the exhibit has been extended until 3/31/11, so go before it's gone!

Overall, a great experience.  Even better if you are visiting Philly in the winter.  Keeps you warm, entertains, and the coat check is free!
overpriced and not much to do inside for this type of museum.  basically theres a bunch of stuff you can read and a few interactive items, i expected much more.  the show at the begining was good and lasted about 15-20 minutes.  after that, the rest of the museum was underwhelming.  dissapointing..
Every time I go to Philadelphia, I make sure that I go visit this fantastic museum. It may not change, but you never get bored of it, simply on the basis that it is beautifully made and interesting to visit. Equally, there's a fantastic view of the main historic area from the second floor. Overall, very nice museum. Definitely worth a visit.
I've been through this place a few times now, and it doesn't seem to get old. The structure for entry is different than I'm accustomed to - instead of just walking in, you enter first into a seated theater for a live presentation called "The Story of We the People". It's a short but pretty powerful runthrough of early and important moments in American history, with help from a circular projection screen.
The main exhibit is a circular timeline of our country from inception to today, with plenty of interactive features and modern devices along the way to aid in catching the attention of the modern youngster. Downstairs, for a little extra cash, there is generally a rotating exhibit open with some special angle; currently it's called "Art of the American Soldier", but that will change at the end of March.
This has also been the site of some major political happenings, including Obama's big speech on race and a debate in the 2008 primary elections. How do I get tickets?
8/31/2013

The signers hall is the best part of this museum with life-sized statues of the signers.  You too can "sign" the book.  That said, the "movie/actor" presentation is just okay.  It is intended to pull at the heartstrings a bit.  Of course that is if you can manage to sit in the very narrow and tight seats with next to no leg room.  No one is allowed to sit on the steps where knees can be moved.  The top row is where to go.

The main part of the museum exhibits are on this second floor.  It does go through the history of the Constitution, but it depends on how much time you want to read, or play with interactive exhibits.  Some of it is verging on being politically correct, which is tiring.  One thing that stands out is how a reminder of how many of the rights our forefathers worked put together are being seriously taken from us, willingly.

A special 1968 exhibit was showing on the first floor.  We enjoyed it.  But, I was in my teen years at the time and that was one of the most memorable years of my youth.

The museum is a bit overpriced, however.
Way overpriced and definitely only cool if there is an interesting special/rotating exhibit. While I was here, they had a prohibition exhibit that was interactive and well done- if not for that I would have regretted spending the money!
Very nice and interactive exhibits!  The National Convention Center was spacious building and there weren't too many people there today so it was nice to stroll through.  The "To the White House" exhibit was a very unique look at the process of running for President.  Lots of kid friendly activities. The main exhibit hall was filled with activities ranging from a trivial contest to a fantasy election to taking the oath of office.  A downside was many areas where no photo zones.  Especially enjoyed Signer's Hall with life size statues of the men who signed the Constitution -- lots of photos and got to add my own signature and the museum sent me a PDF copy.  Overall a nice afternoon reflecting on democracy and what the Constitution means for the United States.  Highly recommend!
Really enjoyed visiting here. This is a large, informative, well manicured center with a wonderful exhibit on American history as it relates to the Constitution. The entire exhibit make a large circle with interesting artifacts and different displays in the middle featuring videos, sculptures, etc.

There's also a great view of the main historic area from the second floor. Overall, very nice. Definitely worth a visit.
Did you know you can get in here half price if you have free tickets from the Independence Hall tour? That sealed the deal for me! Great place to see exhibits based on our Constitution and how its evolved over the centuries. Great technological interfaces, information, and the Founders Hall was pretty cool! Overall definitely worth a visit if you're into history and the United States Constitution.
This place is very enriching.  National Treasure movie fans can relate to this.
We attended the NCC for one of their annual Scout Days and had a blast. It's amazing to be so close to a pivotal part of our country's history, and walk through a museum dedicated to it. We learned a lot, the kids had fun, and I can't wait to go back and spend more time there. If you collect souvenir pennies, they have 2 machines inside. Bring $.51 for each penny
Very well done museum highlighting the history of our country. Highly recommend starting with the movie/play.
I am a patriot and I thoroughly enjoyed the live theater, Freedom Rising.
The hall of founders is great for kids but I would highly recommend for Women to be VERY CAREFUL around the statues. Ben Franklin was known to be huge ladies man in his day and while several women posed with Ben, I distinctly saw him give a wink! Oh yes, I saw it!

The American Spirits exhibit was great and showed some of the more controversial aspects of prohibition which showed how Women's Sufferage and the Federal Wage Tax helped bring about Prohibition.

Yes, I will blame all women, for prohibition and my federal Wage taxes! How dare you ladies demand a vote!!!? That's Poppycock!!!

Keep an eye out for the special events and the smaller venue exhibits. Not sure if they allow voting women in them but it is worth a go.

I then made my way back to the Hall Of Founders and saw Ben acting like nothing happened. There was no one else around so I decided to confront Benjamin Franklin once and for all. It didn't end well.

The security is very good here at removing people who they may label as "Crazy" but who only want to hold lifesize bronze likenesses of the Founding Fathers accountable. I made my point to Ben only to realize that Alexander Hamilton stole my wallet!!! WTFounder?

Something about his name being on all my $10s. 

Well, I did have a good time. Just beware of those Mother-Founders I mentioned and you should be ok. 
You only need about 2-3 hours to do everything so plan the Liberty Bell on the same day, it's right there.

Thanks for reading and protect your voting, and non voting Women and girls, Ben is NOT TO BE TRUSTED!!!!
Very enthusiastic staff who love their jobs and love to give out knowledge on history. Also a very good layout with interactive exhibits as well as informative areas of history especially in the 2nd floor 360. Signers Hall is also a cool place to check out with the sculptures of every Constitution signer. Also a nice view of Independence Hall from front 2nd floor windows.
An absolute "must do" in Philadelphia no matter how long you plan on spending in the city. 

The building itself is beautiful and sits just blocks from the Independence Visitor Center, Liberty Bell and Independence Hall. Every attention to detail was considered including the address : 525 Arch Street because May 25 (5/25) was the date that the Constitutional Convention began in Philadelphia.

I won't give away too much but the cost of your ticket is worth it just to see the Freedom Rising show!
+++
- Freedom rising is pretty cool; IMO, there's no best seat
- Very interactive; fun for all ages

++
- taking pictures with life-size bronze statues is cool, (political rant aside) if your into that sort of thing
- Neat to see the history behind the constitution
- Big ups for being able to use student ID

- 
- Price; I thought $13 was kind of high, but I guess that's the price of preservation
- No pictures in exhibition hall :(
- Freedom for all? in 1776? yeah right

TIPS:
- This is a great time killer while waiting for independence hall, you get a wristband for re-entry
- I spent about an hour and fifteen minutes here (including Freedom Rising) without spending too much time reading about each article
- When you do Freedom Rising, get in a little early to explore the area around the auditorium because you will not be let bc in once the performance is over
Good, informative museum with helpful and knowledgeable staff. Lots of interesting information and artefacts and presented in an engaging way. As a visitor to the US I felt this museum was more aimed at citizens rather than visitors and therefore required somewhat of an understanding of the American political system. Nonetheless a very good and interesting museum.
Ok, so i was littttttle disappointed. I expected the constitution center to have more depth and just simply more things to looks at, touch, read...etc. But it is literally ONE floor. There is a presentation in the beginning of the journey - as you enter the exhibit. But other than that, you can go through the exhibit in 15-20 minutes..

good for kids - to actually go into voting booths and touch things...
Absolutely inspiring! I am a "history-junkie" so I had to visit! I was welcomed by Ben (shout-out), who helped me navigate through everything. The presentation of this museum is quite incredible, clean, and insightful. Do not miss out on the "Freedom Rising" presentation. Amazing! I loved it! I would definitely recommend this to anyone! - Also, save some money and buy your ticket online. Only $10!
If you're looking for a place to go that's full of historical insight , treasures , and staff that are friendly and knowledgeable , you must go !  You can take the 10 steps Hamilton took in the famous duel , touch artifacts from the 1800's , and even take the presidential oath and 'become' the president ! And don't miss the Freedom arise movie presentation , it's excellent . You'll want to set aside a couple of hours to truly enjoy this very well laid out and interesting National Constitution Center
One of my new favorite museums in the city! The building is such a fantastic space in a great location. I wish there was more to the museum, though, because I like it so much. "American Spirits: The Rise and Fall of Prohibition" is absolutely fantastic and so interactive. I enjoyed the entire time I was there. NCC also throws fantastic events that tie into their current exhibits, and they're always so much fun!
This place was awesome!! It was my first stop of the day and i bought a day pass. Visited 6 sites and this by far was my favorite.   Dont skip the show!
This is a wonderful place to visit to give you a better understanding of the U.S. Constitution.  I would recommend sitting in on the show.  Awesome venue.  The exhibit was fun too, but the show is much more worthwhile.  In addition, the life-size exhibit of our founding fathers is really neat--great place to take photos!
I can find no better place to explore the intricate history that is our U.S. history. If you can, I HIGHLY recommend seeing "Freedom Rising"! The Patriot w/in me was stirred to tears, hair standing on end of goosebumps. No truer words could be spoken to describe this experience than it is unequivocally life changing!  Thank you to the staff; rangers and all others that maintain these grounds.
