We visited the National Museum of American Jewish History on our trip to Philly last summer.  The museum itself is contemporary and stunning.  The exhibits are well laid out and traffic flows smoothly. Admission was reasonable at $12 per person

The core exhibit which is three and a half floors, traces the experience of Jews in the United States, from immigration to current times. There are some interesting objects to see. Some of the exhibits are recreated period environments, and there is interactive technology. However, most of all, there are a lot of words on the wall explaining everything. There is a lot to read and it can get boring, especially for kids. 

Some of the exhibits were interesting and poignant. I got to see my own summer camp in the Jewish summer camp exhibit. Some of the decor in the "suburbia" exhibit looked eerily similar to the home in which I grew up.  I just felt the core exhibit as a whole needed more "soul". 

My kids (11 and 12 year old boys) were pretty bored but I have to admit they were bored by most of the historical exhibits we saw in Philly. They are just at that age. I would only recommend this museum to those who are interested in Jewish history and immigration. A visit here will highlight what a significant and positive effect immigration has had on our country.
I was happy to see this museum so close to Independence Hall when we were visiting.  I am glad that my son and I had the opportunity to come in and look around.  We got there late in the day and did not have as much time as I would have liked, but what we saw, we loved.
One of the best museums I've been to. This is the museum of my people, American Jews. It is not about the religion exactly, but moreso about the experience of coming to, existing in, and making it in America. And this is exactly what I am interested in.
 
I recommend you take the tour. It adds a dimension and foundation that is so essential to your experience. Throughout this tour, and being with other people while experiencing this, I really felt more pride, sadness, and thought than if I had just browsed by myself. I made a day of this area of Philadelphia, getting breakfast at High Street, getting a tour at noon, then walking up 3rd and down 2nd for shopping, then back again to the museum for individual study. It worked out so well. 

Designed by the team who made the Newseum, and once you realize this, you can see why it's such a well-done place. The 5-year-old museum is contemporary in ideas of capturing the audience of mindful tourism and museum experiences - with all the displays, the information, the calls to interact, and the total multi-sensory experience (no smell or taste, but there are virtual experiences by showing typical living quarters). It is a first-rate museum in so many ways. 

There are a few negative reviews here on yelp and they are the reason that some people don't take yelp seriously. Every point of theirs is annoying, narrow-minded, and in error. I would say though, that if you aren't Jewish or interested in history or immigration, that this probably won't be your favorite -- that probably means that someone's dragging you here, so just be nice and convince then that they owe you a meal at High Street in return. 

This experience can be directly translated to contemporary issues and mistakes that our country is in danger of. We really get a picture of why America is exceptional, and why we have to defend this.
While dancing the horah at my wedding, an out-of-town Jewish family member recommended this museum to me and my husband. I found it to be a yenta move and poor timing to chat about that, but years later, I appreciate her words.

The National Museum of American Jewish history goes through the journey of Jewish life in America, while integrating Jewish history around the world at the same time. Some of this history was familiar to me, having grown up in a public school in America, however some of it made me really think. 

The more modern sections of the museum were on floors 2 and 3. Floor 3 explores what it was like to be an American Jew during the Holocaust. That's my grandparents' generation, and it really put it in a perspective that brings it close to home. What was it like to be an American, in general, at that time. 

Floor 2 provides background on more modern times through today. Topics that got my interest included how Jewish Americans moved from city centers to the suburbs, and that was coveted. Even earlier in time, the museum addressed the struggle of how to keep the faith and acclimate with the rest of society. 

The story, at times, just seemed normal and representative of what any other religious minority, or even minority sector of a major faith, has to go through. At times, the museum simply explored life in America. 

I appreciated that there was a lot of detail and different exhibits to take in, with lots to read. It was still manageable to get through, and I didn't feel overwhelmed trying to get through everything. I know I could also go back and devote hours/days to truly take in everything. I also appreciated that all the exhibits read from right to left, as does the Hebrew language. I wonder if that was done on purpose.

The facility itself is modern and gorgeous, with views overlooking Old City and Independence Hall. They have a coat/bag check, but you cannot bring food/drinks into the museum. They also have interactive areas that could be fun for the kiddos and the kids at heart. Watch for free museum days (at least President's Day was free)

It took me too long to get here, but I'm glad I made it. It really made me appreciate what it's like to be a Jew in America and understand it from a historical perspective.
I became a founding member and am so glad I did.  I have now been 5 times - and twice with my 7 year old who really enjoyed alot of the exhibits.  Great use of video and audio elements (and computers).

Great special events for members - and a nice gift shop and cafe.  The shop has great Hannukah and Passover gift items.

The "Members Night" is great - they open the museum from 6 - 8 PM and only members  and their guests can visit then.  It's quiet and peaceful.

We love it here.
At the risk of sounding political, I walked away from this place with a better awareness of people desperate to get into our country that just want to work hard to make something of themselves.  And how our nation has been rewarded ten times over by the fruits of their labor.

I think it is amazing to see how closely the Jewish people are woven into our national story.  And how they maintained their beautiful identity in the process.  It made me sad, then sick, every time I came across a part of the museum that pointed out how Jews have been excluded, over and over, considered unworthy of being embraced and protected by a country they have helped to build and define.  

Even to this day, it is grotesque that Jewish Americans are considered as anything other than fellow citizens who have made countless contributions which have made this nation a better place.

Please visit this museum and gain an appreciation for our Jewish countrymen and women.
This museum is located in the center of historic sites. Close to Independence Hall, Liberty Bell and many other tourist attractions places. 

This exhibition in this museum is very informative. Definitely learn something new about the history.
When you set out to visit this museum, you need to be prepared for a multi-hour immersion in the history of Jews and their life in America.  

This museum is really well planned; it starts your journey through history with the Jews' arrival in the East Coast cities of Charleston, New York, and Savannah.  From there it takes you forward in time and depicts the Jewish experience down through the centuries.  The exhibits will fascinate you while they inform and educate you; my favorite one is the multi-part film about Yiddish theatre and Jews in the movies of the first half of the 20th century.  It features scenes where you'll see Al Jolson and Molly Picon singing.

There's a great cross-section of Jewish life in America represented here, from the settling of the West to the War Between the States, not to mention World War II and the development of the Jewish Reform movement.

Bottom line: This museum is a must-see if you're at all in interested in Jewish history; highly recommended!
I'm not sure what I was expecting, but I was really impressed with this museum.  To start, the building is beautiful both inside and out. The layout of the museum is well thought out, with the 5th floor for special exhibits then making your way down each floor to move through time periods in history.  

The special exhibit we saw- Beyond Swastika & Jim Crow: Jewish Refugee Scholars at Black Colleges was fascinating and has broad appeal.  Personally I had no idea about this history, as I'm sure many others don't. It follows stories of refugee scholars and their mentoring relationships with students in black colleges, also following where these former students are today- many of which are prominent scholars. 

The rest of the floors were packed with so much information as well, over 3.5 hours we only made it through about half of the museum.  There are artifacts as well as interactive displays and videos throughout the exhibits.

This is a national museum with something for everyone.  From getting to see Einstein's pipe, Spielberg's first video camera, and Irving Berlin's piano in their "Only in America" exhibit, to the Jim Crow special exhibit I mentioned, this museum is a rich resource for a wide variety of visitors.  I'm looking forward to going back when I'm in Philadelphia again.
Ugly exterior.

We got only to the start of the 20th century in the historical procession on several floors of life of Jews in America. Since we're pretty familiar with things American-Jewish, we didn't learn much new.

Would have liked more actual artifacts: the approach was pedestrian: photos and wall inscriptions. 

The cafe was, surprisingly, not kosher.

A well meant endeavor.
How is there only one prior review, this place is brilliantly done?!
The architecture of the building itself is really cool, and the layout on the inside allows for a very intuitive flow-- and best of all, the size is manageable enough so that you are able to leisurely take in the entire site during the course of an afternoon. 
The current exhibit tells the story of Jewish emigrant scholars who fled to the US during WWII, and could only find teaching work at African American universities. It was extremely educational and interesting, and the whole time I was walking through I was thinking about all of the Jewish friends and family I know that would love this place. 
Throughout the rest of the museum I was impressed with the sectioned area that allowed children to learn through play about the various historical issues regarding Jewish/Americans. There was also a great integration of technology and interactive computer programs that allowed everyone to voice their opinoins about current issues, as well as get a better personal understanding about things from the past. 
And then at the very end, the gift shop was great to boot. 
Overall I was extremely impressed with the execution of this museum, and will definitely be back, most likely with my mother, or grand-mother, in tow. :)
If it's Smithsonian, you know it's great. 

This is easily one of the most interesting museums I've ever gone to, most likely because of its commitment to a holistic view of the Jewish experience in America. Of course, the Holocaust and Israel are given their due part in a way that is both respectful, but openly recognizing of the fact that those two issues are a part of a much larger picture.  

Even you aren't Jewish (like myself), there is so much interesting knowledge to be found here about the very multicultural fabric of America. For Jews, it's both a celebration and a sober reminder of all of the incredible things that have happened in this country.
The National Museum of American Jewish History is a pretty solid museum, and definitely worth a visit if you are interested in history.  And at $12 for a ticket, it won't break the bank.  There is quite a lot to see, so be sure that you allot at least a couple of hours for your visit.

There is a small cafe in the museum if you need a bite to eat, but it's a limited menu.  Good for a snack, but not a meal.  I did have a delicious grilled cheese sandwich though.

[Yelp collections: East Coast 2016; Museums and Art Galleries]
I visited the National Museum of Jewish History back in 2011 as part of a class trip where I didn't feel like I got to see everything the museum had to offer. Today I finally got to go back and easily spent over two hours here. The architecture is stunning and the interior arrangements are very thoughtfully planned.

You are advised to start at the fifth floor and work your way down as the exhibits are in chronological order. The history and culture of American Jews is told through artifacts, letters, clothing, photographs and complete re-creations of scenes like a camp ground and covered wagon and rooms from a Lower East Side tenement to a suburban home. There are also films that you can sit and watch and interactive props that tell stories when you open them up such as the class room desks. There is a lot to learn here, reflect on and celebrate.
Start on fourth floor and work your way down through Jewish American history.  Very informative and well presented with fun video presentations to break up the displays.  Avoid bringing any bags to get through security quickly and if you go on Saturday you must buy your ticket ahead of time or online.  No ticket sales at the museum on Saturday.  Sunday was when I went and I recommend it first thing when they open at 10 AM for no crowds and easy time navigating downtown Philly and finding parking.
I have been excited to go to this museum since I heard about the plans for it. American Jewish History is so much more relatable for me rather than Israeli history and culture. After all, the American Jew, especially in the northeastern United States, is a culture unto itself.

The museum is great in all senses - the content, the presentation, architecture, and different forms of media utilized. It has a unique look into pre-Revolutionary War Jewish immigration that I have quite honestly never heard of or learned about. It was also fantastic to see the inclusion of all of the post-1945 social and cultural movements that Jews were involved in, from modern feminism to overnight camps.

I also enjoy going "where the Jews go" for the sheer amusement factor - lots of curly brown heads, nasal congestion, sensible shoes, and bad vision. 

Reasonably priced and decent hours. I would definitely recommend buying tickets online in advance because it is very crowded and they only let a certain amount of people in at a time. Leave some extra time because there are metal detectors before entering.

Definitely go here if you are a Jew or love a Jew.
This is NOT closed - in fact, it recently opened to the public in Nov. 2010 and is GORGEOUS.

A content-rich (spend 2-3 hours there easily, 90 minutes is too little) 4 story museum that chronicles American Jewish life since the mid 1600's.

I became a member (just $54 for 1 person, $72 for a couple) which gets you free admission for an entire year.

I can't wait to go back, as I did not get to see (or rather read - there's alot to read) everything I wanted to.

Oh - and they have a Kosher-Dairy cafe with Matzo Ball soup, Kugel, tuna & egg salad and other tasty looking food!
I LOVED this museum. As secular & non-practicing as I am, I'm still an American Jew, and this museum was just so relatable for me, like I could look at one of the maps that showed immigration from Eastern Europe in the late 19th/early 20th century & say, "Hey! Those are MY ancestors!"

I feel like the overall theme was kind of like "Jews are just as American as everyone else in this country." Because, you know, we are. The Jewish American experience IS the American experience.

My favorite part was the section on Jewish summer camp. I loved being able to look up my camp & see pictures from it...though they could really use some older pics, not just ones from 2011...I'll be happy to provide pics from the 80s! Also, I want to go back to sleep-away camp for a month...I miss childhood.

There's a lot to see and read here, I'm looking forward to going back and taking even more of it in.
Sorry folks but I didn't see what is great about this museum.  One of the exhibits talks about Jews following the gold rush west.  Didn't many people?? I liked some of the videos, especially the ones related to WWII and I did learn some new things, like about Jews coming from Brazil...but for the most part it was nothing I didn't already in some sense know.  Seeing what people wore back in the day isn't really Jew-specific.  At least a lot of the clothes on display didn't seem to be Jew specific.  There was an old Torah scroll which was cool but it was a stretch to have Levi jeans on display.  Oy.  I really liked the space and the layout of everything (except the 2nd floor where I got a bit lost in the maze) but that doesn't make the museum itself great.

I also thought it was so lame that they only take credit cards (and run them after sunset) on Saturdays.  I guess they didn't want to lose the revenue for the museum store being closed on Saturdays so they figured out a work around.  Having to buy tickets to the museum on Saturdays in the visitor center is lame and that policy should just be in line with the museum store policy.  I don't mind paying by credit card and having you run it that night.
I happened to go here on a free day, which worked out well for my wallet, but I would definitely go back and pay for this museum. When I was there, an entire floor was dedicated to Jewish influence on music, which was really interesting to me--particularly all the amazing 60s music posters and artwork!

I am not Jewish, so the museum didn't particularly illuminate anything about my own family's history, but I think during these times of national identity crises it's important to remember the generations of diversity that have made America strong, and that worries about diversity (and overcoming them, to some degree) are part of the American fabric and something that we have to fight for and defend time and time again.
Quite an interesting museum covering the entire history of Jewish people in the United States from the first colonial settlers right up to the present time.

Start on the top floor and work your way down as that is the correct chronological order.  Interactive exhibits, artifacts and story boards made this all a very fascinating tour.
Wow! Great museum. Had I not been patted down like I was on some NSA watch list or going into the Pentagon going into the place, I would have had a better experience.

Unlike some other reviewers, I took the title of the museum to mean it was primarily about Jewish history in America, not an art museum or WDW Philadelphia.

The museum is laid out brilliantly. It is easy to follow and understand. Starting on the 4th floor the museum explains the struggles and triumphs of Jews in America from the very beginning. As a self-guided experience, I was able to go at my own pace.

The museum did a solid job of explaining conflicts between Jewish groups and how Jewish people responded to various national challenges from pre-Revolutionary War to present. There was also an effective balance between highlighting a history of discrimination on one hand, while showcasing the way Jewish life in America evolved- from the formation of Jewish seminaries to summer camps on the other. There is also a clear description of the rich contributions Jewish people have made to America.

This is a must see. Just be sure there are no pennies in your pocket when you go through the metal detector.
Except for (in my opinion) the extremely boring exterior, this is one of the best museum experiences my wife and I have had together.

Rather than just being a standard museum full of artifacts laid out in several disparate galleries, the designers of this museum created a riveting interactive experience that takes place in a linear fashion laid out on four floors - you start at the top floor and make your way through each gallery in turn as you descend back to the ground floor. Each level is focused on a different part of the Jewish experience in America. 

And each one of the exhibits and galleries are top notch! They utilize a perfect combination of artifacts, information, multimedia and other hands-on features to bring everything to life. It's especially fun for kids, with lots of "please touch" material for them to enjoy. There are many video screens playing short documentieries and short clips from film and television. There are replicas galore - even a small Vaudeville era theater where you sit and watch a short piece about Jewish entertainers. It was wonderful to be able to sit with so many people and laugh together at The Marx Brother and The Three Stooges. Funny enough that for us, it was that which gave us the greatest sense of community with the other museum goers. If we took nothing else from our time at this museum, it was that moment.

We kept remarking about how futuristic it all seemed. Definitely a forward thinking museum representing the best of what is both educational and fun about museums in this new century.

But perhaps what we found most refreshing was that the focus was on a positive, joyous celebration of Jewish culture rather than the mournful side that focuses on suffering. Antisemitism and the holocaust had their places within the exhibits, but they didn't overshadow the truly important things - the focus on culture, history, language. customs, family and general existence of the Jews in America. We left feeling very happy and uplifted. 

A must visit for any fan of culture whether it be your own or those of others. Great for kids.


One note - high security, so make sure you leave the weaponry at home. However if you, like my wife, tend to forget about the utility knife in your pocket, they are very easy going and courteous about it - you get to leave it with the front desk and pick it up on your way out.
Amazing place to see and learn. Visited with kids on Presidents day and was very impressed. If you Jewish, it's a must see. Tons of kids activities and 4 hr parking one block away for $9.
A stunning building amongst the museums of Independence Square, the National Museum of American Jewish History is well designed.  We came on a Saturday so we paid next door to buy tickets (because of Shabbat).  Then, a quick run through security (we were the first visitors of the day), and then we checked our coats.

Parking in the nearby garage requires validation from the museum to get $8 for day instead of $12.50.

We started on the fourth floor and moved our way through timelines, pictures, interactive exhibits, audio recordings and videos abound.  Each floor has a separate inside deck area overlooking the area.  Everything is so sharp and detailed.  I enjoyed seeing some of the remnants of the Jewish Daily Forward (I took a class on Jewish immigration patterns in college, and have been to the National Yiddish Book Center a few times).  

The section on entertainment and culture was really neat too.  I am a big fan of some of the classics, like the Jazz Singer, and seeing all of the performers and their history was really cool.  There were many kid-friendly exhibits.

There was an area on the 2nd floor to record your own story.  I did not try this.  On the first floor, some special people were highlighted (e.g., Barbara Streisand, Henrietta Szold, Sandy Koufax) and mini biographies and artifacts were encased (like early bottles of Estee Lauder products).  

The gift shop was open on Shabbat even though credit cards would be run on Sunday.  There were some amazing items in there (Aram, Nambe, many mezzuzzah artists I have admired) but nothing I felt comfortable dragging back on a plane to the west.  I would highly recommend the museum for anyone visiting Philadelphia.
On the NMAJH website they have a section called "telling our story."  I find that to be a very appropriate summary of this museum.  It gives you the feeling of walking through the pages of a very well written history book.

Prepare to read, as there is so much reading to be done.  I would say that the museum is light on artifacts and slightly heavy on text.  Having said that, it is very interesting and really tells the story of American Jewry well.

The layout is phenomenal, starting on the top floor and moving you through history as you work your way down to the 1st floor.

The loss of a star is strictly because it isn't very child friendly.  I know they claim they are, but the text rich environment is too much for the average kid probably below 12.  

Overall very well done!
although I never really think I found the exhibit I came to see-food
in American Jewish life-they do have so many interesting things
to look at  from refrigerators filled with some 'traditional' items
to charting where Americans settled, that i found the museum
to be more than worthwhile-it has a spirit which makes the whole seem larger than the sum of its parts!
Simply an outstanding museum of Jewish history and heritage!
We went on Saturday morning (be sure to buy tickets online in advance if you want to go on a Saturday as the museum honors Shabbat by not selling tickets that day).
The exhibits are very comprehensive and really tell the story of Jewish history in America. Great mix of audio-visual stuff along with maps, artifacts, photos, and documents.
This is  fantastic museum where you can spend hours learning about Jewish American history. We were here for the Richard Avedon photo exhibit, but I have to say the regular collection was amazing. The layout of the museum starting from the top floor to main floor is chronological from the pre-Revolutionary War era to modern times.
The curators did an excellent job in collecting and displaying documents and photos on each level. From original letters about Jewish settlers in the colonies to candlesticks smuggled out in a Pogrom, (complete with bullet holes) there is a wealth of  interesting objects on display here.   The Immigration floor level and mock NYC Tenement and Labor Union areas were especially poignant to me, being that all my grandparents came through Ellis Island and settled on the Lower East Side first before moving to the suburbs of NYC.

Highly recommend to those of Jewish and non-Jewish persuasions who are history lovers.  The museum  docents were extremely interesting and pointed out some highlights that we would have missed on our first visit. Great spot to visit when you are in downtown Philly, right across from Independence Hall and Liberty Bell Plaza.
This engaging and substantive museum demonstrates how American freedom allowed Jews to achieve and contribute in this country, despite anti-Semitism. The museum's chronicling of the Jewish experience in America, with its challenges of discrimination and assimilation, is one that visitors of many backgrounds will recognize and Jewish families will treasure.

The three floors that tell the story of Jews in America are arranged chronologically and each floor begins with an impressive multimedia show. Each level also provides expansive views of Independence Hall and National Historical Park, which underscores how the history of Jews in the US is a very American story. Don't miss the entertaining hall of fame on the lobby level or the opportunity to leave your own video message on the 2nd floor.
The museum is beautiful with a lot on display. Equally impressive was the number of interactive displays! Everywhere you turn, there are movies, touch screen computers and video projectors.  Each level is divided into time periods and you start at the top floor and work your way down.  I think that everyone should visit at least once.  Overall I found some of the exhibits didn't have much to them and they weren't really substantive.  I have been to a lot of jewish museums and concentration camps around the world and I would say this is not the best in terms of education and quality of exhibits.  I left a little disappointed.
It's actually pretty interesting. I feel like I learned a lot in the short time there. I've been to plenty Jewish history museums in the US and around the world, but this one was by far the most informative. Tip, if you go to the African American museum or constitution museum after or before, you get a discount!
We visited the museum yesterday and I'd prefer to give 4.5 stars, but I think it deserves 5 more than 4.

I'd read a lengthy and informative NY Times article nearly four years ago when the museum moved to their new building, and the baseball exhibit finally compelled me to go there.  That exhibit (which ends on October 26) is certainly a good one, but the permanent exhibits are very informative & interesting and we particularly liked the wonderful old photos.

The gift shop has a really good selection of books and pretty gift items, plus the people working there were very friendly.

The building's interior is exceptionally attractive; it's bright & airy and has a pleasant "open" feeling.

The nearby Bourse Garage offers four-hour parking for $9 if you have your ticket validated at the museum.  Also, seniors receive a $1 discount on museum admission.
This museum was really incredible. It's easy to spend an entire afternoon taking in all the information. I learned new things and feel I have a better comprehension and appreciation of what the Jewish people have gone through all throughout history and around the world. It grew my appreciation for laws of America that make our country a refuge for the oppressed.

The building in and of itself is impressive as you walk in. The museum was opened in 2010 so everything is new and modern. Great use of technology, and areas for kids to learn.

It's a great location because directly across the street is the independence hall, central to many other historical sites.

The staff are for the most part friendly. There was one lady who took her job very seriously and as we walked in she confronted my friend for chewing gum. I can appreciate that, it's good to be respectful. However, she then literally stocked us throughout our entire time there, popping up on every floor and scolded us for taking pictures with the children's cow statue. Wow. But everyone else was very nice.
Great Museum didn't think it was that big we could only do two floors and Will definitely requires another visit. Loved the Rude Goldberg exhibit. Nicely laid out so much to look out and very thoughtfully researched.
Lovely museum, good design (including time lines). I had expected to be wowed and walked away not learning anything new, but finding the experience pleasant. Perhaps the planners needed to balance information that would be interesting to people of all faiths. I had expected a theater that would run short documentaries throughout the day. Also, When I saw the room to record a memory, I had hoped it would be a place to talk about the Jewish immigrant experience or another important time or fact about American Jewish History, but the questions were general about camp or food.

I also expected a cafe that would sell traditional Jewish food with a modern spin.

The gift shop had an exceptional selection of beautiful items.
Out of all the museums I've been to, this is one of the ones i would go a 2nd time. The exhibitions are informative and the building is enormous so it's not cramped. There are 4 floors and a basement in this building. The staff at the front desk reccomended i start from the 4th floor to the 1st since it would go in chronological order. This is a must go, you'll learn a lot about jewish-Americans and their culture.
I was impressed by the layout of the museum, but was very disappointed by the lack of information in it's entirety. The museum is very large and can accommodate so much more written information (not bigger exhibits) about Jews in history. It's a typical left-wing view of the Jewish experience in America. Short on Jewish ideas and ideals, but heavy on Jews in baseball. Makes no sense to me.
Very impression display at the National Museum of American Jewish History. While, you can "rush" thru each exhibit in like a hour visit. I find myself spending 2 hours there as the information of each exhibit was speculator. The museum went in depth about food, culture, their upbringing, historical events and how Jews live through out history. If you appreciate history, the museum is definitely worth a visit.
This is really just a review of the Ezra Jack Keats exhibit. It's fun for both adults and children, with informative exhibits, great works of art, and a play area too. Spent close to ninety minutes walking through it. Got in for what we wanted during the government shutdown of 2013. What more could you ask for?
I did not get to see any of the museum itself, I was there for a friends concert. 

The security is top notch, think Israel. Do not bring and liquids or drinks, they are friendly about it and will let you have a sip before they toss it. Don't bring your knitting, they let me keep it, but they weren't happy about it. 

The acoustics in the performance area on the fifth floor were amazing. We were pretty far in the back and we could see the stage perfectly and hear! The bathrooms are also very nice! 

Will definitely come back to tour the museum!
Great building with a great story to tell. I really enjoyed the museum since I have a passion for Revolutionary war history and my better half and kids are Jewish. It is definitely geared to the older teens and not very kid friendly. Prepare for some reading, if you have been to the Holocaust Museum you know what I mean.This is a one visit museum I cant see returning unless they have a special exhibit or a great speaker. Admission is $12 for adults which is a good value.Go you will like it. I would allow 2 good hours
