Since this city is full of history & museums... this museum is considered a smaller one. Admission is way cheaper as well. If you have limited time visiting the city, then use your time wisely since there are so many museums in this area.
It's an ok museum, but it seems a bit dated. If I were a visiting Philly and I had a lot of free time or I was interested in glass, I would consider making a visit but with all of the other great museums in town, this would not be tops on my list. While they do have a nice Chihuly glass sculpture and a few of the exhibits are somewhat interesting, it seems a bit of a hodgepodge if you ask me.
The artwork on display is beautiful, the most famous being the glasswork of Dale Chihuly, probably. He has a huge piece called "Flame of Liberty" that spans several floors and is visible from the gift shop. Staff on-hand are polite and helpful.

This museum covers everything liberty and related topics, including diversity, religious and political freedoms, violence - at times the exhibits were hokey (with sometimes simplistic verbiage), but always illustrative (through visual media, games, audio, you name it) and sometimes POWERFUL. I was moved at times during my afternoon there, and recommend it for a visit at least once.
On a recent visit to Philly, as I wandered through Old City, I came across the National Liberty Museum. I didn't know anything about it but thought it might be worth a walk through. I knew I had a finite amount of time to take my tour so I asked the gentleman who was standing outside about how long it might take me to tour, and he was super helpful giving me all kinds of good information to help me make my final decision to go in to the museum. 

Upon entering I was greeted by a reception desk staff member who was also very friendly and helpful- I'm already happy with my decision to visit. They offered to allow me in as a guest to tour just the ground floor (2nd floor) and museum shop but I wanted to see the whole thing. 

The museum spans a fairly narrow 4 floors. The ground level floor (which is really floor 2) gives you a good general idea of what you will find inside; ballot/voting questions regarding civil liberties, photos and descriptions of people who have believed in and lead change. 

There are large signs that direct you through the museum in a particular order; it's not totally necessary to follow but it makes perfect sense. 

For every idea, concept, or fact there is a piece of artwork to accompany it. The museum is known for it's glass artwork, which is symbolic in it's own right. There are several pieces of Dale Chihuly that are just wonderful and awe-inspiring both for their artistic value and for their statement. 

This museum is great for school groups, however I'd be a little leery with the younger groups as some of the images and ideas are a little intense. However it's a wonderful educational tool. 

I'm glad I paid my money and saw the whole museum. And just for reference they have a nice little museum store with books and glass art among other things. 

If you're in Philadelphia, in the neighborhood of Old City, stop by. It's only $7 for adults and they offer student and senior discounts.
I came for David Bowie art and discovered a museum that had much more than I expected!

When Philly Loves Bowie Week hosts their annual events I always make a point to at least go and enjoy their amazing art exhibit that goes on display. So when I learned that they were moving it to National Liberty Museum this year, and that they were going to have it on display for a full month, I decided to make a day visit out of it. And when I did I realized that the full museum featured so much more than just the kitschy never forget 9/11 things that I was expecting.

Liberty is one of those subjective words that can be linked to anything from religion and science, to heroism and inspiration, to anywhere in between. And I was pleasantly surprised to see a little bit of all of those things represented within the museums confines. Outside of the obvious Bowie exhibit, I was also very won over by the wall of inspirational heroes who made an impact despite facing physical and cognitive disabilities. Another incredible room was. The Heroes From Around The World room is also noteworthy for paying homage to noteworthy people like Nelson Mandela and Anne Frank, and featuring a breathtaking Flame of Liberty installation from world renowned glass artist, Dale Chihuly.

While the Bowie exhibit is long gone it gave a wonderful showing of what the museums special exhibits had to feature, while offering up some things that the previous years Bowie art installations didn't, like art from elementary and middle school students who were newly exposed to his music. While it may also invoke a grain of sadness, the latest special exhibit, Forbidden Art from the collections of the Auschwitz Memorial, may very well do the same during a time when its needed to.
It's beautiful. Instead of focusing on America's history, it has a number of exhibits that focus around the more abstract concept of "Liberty". The word is thrown around a lot in all of the celebrations of revolution and independence that happen at the old city historical sites, but the Liberty Museum examines it in a more modern, global context. It is a small museum that packs a punch. You can see the whole thing without being stressed, but I can't imagine that you will visit it--the giant flame...the examination of the genetics of race...the look at urban violence..the replica of the crawl space where jews hid from nazis...-without being moved. I wouldn't recommend it for young kids, but middle schoolers really appreciated it.
Coming to Philadelphia I have to admit I did not know anything about the National Liberty Museum, but like many good things I happened upon it quite on accident.  Four stories high, a veritable bargain compared to most of Philly's other museums, and featuring themes covering diversity, freedom, violence, peace, and respect I will state that the theme is somewhat manipulative, but not in a contrived or preachy manner.

From Chihuily's enormous Flame of Liberty to the three minute video of 9/11, from a recreation of the Attic of Ann Frank to images of Mother Theresa and Nelson Mandela, from video game violence to freedom of speach - this is a museum that asks you to think and rewards you for an open mind.

Incredible staff, easily navigable, and inspiring - everything a museum should be - simply not large enough.
They have works by both Chihuly (and lots of him) and Chagall, so I was pleased as punch with the art aspect of this museum. The liberty aspect of it is glaringly obvious but covers everything from the Holocaust to apartheid and a whole lot more. The History major in me was definitely moved and inspired. Visiting here is nice because you can see it all within a few hours and not feel overwhelmed/need a break/stand in line. Pictures of the jellybean children don't do it justice, the butterflies flap their wings and I recall mildly creepy (err, cute) sounds of children laughing.
At one point,
We merely think that
Life, destiny, and God   
Is UNFAIR...   
It could be true   
However,
Life comes only once,   
Destiny cannot be changed   
and the grace of God will always protect us   
let's dream of our karma   
And seek justice in the next life!


Five Yelps!
This is a weird and ridiculous museum, full of cliches about freedom, and oddly-juxtaposed displays, and junk.  There are so many better museums in Philadelphia.
The National Liberty Museum is four floors of inspirational, multi-media exhibits that I stumbled onto by accident when attempting to visit the Benjamin Franklin Museum on a "free" day. I walked into the NLM in an attempt to locate the BFM. The folks there politely pointed me in the right direction. When I got to the BFM, I found it to be overcrowded and disorganized, as admission was free.

When I first walked into the NLM, it piqued my interest.  But since I had another agenda, I didn't stay.  The nice people there asked me to come back to see them.  When I left the BFM, that's just what I did.  

After paying the $7 entrance fee, I took the elevator to the top floor, at the suggestion of one of the staff members, so that I could work my way down by stairway. I left NLM transformed by the experience.  

-- Top floor covered religious freedom and our military's fight for freedom. There is an amazing painting there, depicting every US president, from George Washington to Barack Obama.  It was without a doubt my favorite piece there.

-- The stairway covered the terrorist attack on 9/11 and the heroes who risked their lives to rescue others.

-- The third level covered the courage of those who hid Jews during the Nazi invasion and a diversity and inclusion section aimed at teens (my perspective).

-- The second level is the entrance level, which included a gift shop. I didn't explore that further or the first floor, as I ran out of time.  I did hear a patron confirm with a staff member that parts of the first floor were under construction.

The most impactful part of my visit was the Nelson Mandela exhibit. I was close to tears by that point. The exhibit is an open cell with Mr. Mandela sitting on the edge of his cot. Visitors can write a message to Mr. Mandela on a sticky note and post it anywhere inside his cell. Sigh.... What a moment.

Another meaningful exhibit was the one of the family who hid four Jews beneath the floorboards of a bedroom for 17 months when the Nazis attacked. 

I agree a bit with Shana K., the reviewer who gave it two stars. Some of the exhibits were a stretch, but it didn't make them any less inspirational.

Don't take my word for it.  Go!
Liberty for all! Or possibly, Liberty free-for-all. Well, not literally free since they do charge for admission. I say free-for-all because the museum covered the topic of liberty in a very broad sense, and was a little all over the place.

The spirit of the National Liberty Museum was top notch. It celebrated heroes and advocates of liberty. I love the concept in theory, and there were some cool exhibits. For example, one room had Chinaware from former American Presidents. It even celebrated global heroes. For example, one exhibit was a tribute to the woman who housed Anne Frank and her family. In another section, there were pictures of people- famous and not- who have done heroic things. The stairwells were tributes to the heroes of 911. 

The exhibits were kind of random and held together with by the theme of, you guessed it, liberty, There weren't a ton of artifacts. There were a decent number of pictures with write-ups. The write-ups seemed like they could've been pulled from the internet. I suppose that's great for easy learning, but not overly profound or exciting. 

I actually really enjoyed the exhibit with local/regular people's art depicting liberty. However, that's probably not something I should be paying money to see. That section also had a bunch of blown glass art. I can't honestly make a correlation thematically.

I appreciate the spirit, and I'm glad I went on a pay-as-you-wish day, however I wouldn't make a return visit. Philly has some top notch museums, and I don't see the National Liberty Museum amongst them.
I wanted to love this museum on the premise alone. The entrance with Mandala and the hero sticker they give you to wear while you're there set the stage for an incredibly uplifting experience. The movie intro you see is thoughtful and promising.

The museum has lofty goals of explaining what liberty is, but for me, it just didn't reach it's potential. The exhibitions seemed short and incomplete- although there was a lot of beautiful art, it set me up for higher expectations from the exhibits themselves. More scholarly research and resources would benefit the storylines. 

Oddly enough I was also disappointed with the museum store. I expected to see books on heroes and inspirational tee shirts, instead it was a lot of ugly glass necklaces.

I wanted something to take with me to keep that inspiration from the beginning, but I just left feeling disappointed and bored.
This was a last minute decision for us and I am glad we went.   I used a Groupon which saved quite a bit, but the day we went was pay as you wish.   The museum is great.    Sometimes museums get lost in facts, it doesn't bring together what the facts mean.    This musuem does that.   So, it is important to know about the Holocaust because we should stand up to injustice because the more people have freedom the more liberty we all have.   I also love the idea of glass.   The art in this museum is stunning including a 20 foot glass sculpture that goes through 2 floors.    My husband even enjoyed the art saying.... "This is like that weird art place you made me go to.... Except this makes sense".    We did do a tour as well which helped their concept really be understood.   I would encourage this museum for all ages as there is multiple activities that apply to all.   It is a smallish museum, so it easily can be added to schedules.
The National Liberty Museum doesn't draw huge crowds like many other museums in Philadelphia, but it's modern, inspirational, and very engaging and I think it's a great place to visit :-)

It's only a few blocks to walk here from the Liberty Bell and Independence Hall, and it's located in a beautiful part of the Old Philadelphia.

There's a message/thread that runs through all the exhibits here, and it's really relevant given recent geopolitical events.  Both children and adults will "get it", and very much enjoy both the incredible art and the well-crafted exhibits.

My favorite exhibit is the giant sculpture that's made out of Chihuly glass; it's two stories high and very striking!

This museum celebrates not only liberty, but the real-life heros (both the famous ones and the every-day people) of the world; these people have all made a real difference.
Visited this place during a free weekend and while it does have some very interesting historic displays I didn't think it was worth the price of admission for the average joe.  If you're really into history you'll really like this place but if you want to look at stuff then I'd skip this place.  I did find some interesting reading here but I'm more of a visual person so my satisfaction comes mostly from visual stimulation.  The place is not terrible but it just wasn't my cup of tea.
I enjoyed this museum on a sticky Saturday.  The air conditioning worked well, the staff was very welcoming and I learned something. There is a lot of glass in the museum because glass can be formed into a lot of different things and is fragile, just like our liberty is fragile. If you read and listen to the messages that are on display you will leave with something to think about. Worth the $7.00 admission fee.
Not to be mistaken for a museum about the Liberty Bell, the National Liberty Museum is a hidden little gem on Chestnut St.  This multi-floor building as a variety of interesting exhibits about heroism, diversity, and plates... yes plates... as in the Presidential china!

The Dale Chihuly "Flame of Liberty" tops the cake; however, in its draw to the museum. It helps to visualize the parallels they make about the fragility of our liberty and freedoms.  Thought provoking!
It's a museum of art. The art work there is amazing. The place is huge. Be ready to walk. Don't forget that of you're a Bank of America customer you can get in for FREE!!! $20 saving per person!!!
Grabbed a deal on Groupon for discount tix, I was really excited to find out they had a permanent exhibit of some works by glassblower artist, Dale Chiluly. Tucked away in the middle of a row on Chestnut Street, it is definitely worth whiling away an hour or two. Focusing on the concepts of liberty - and the people and events worldwide that embody the concepts or acts of personifying liberty, it is a museum that is timeless. Quietly moving you to think about individuals who gave their life, through the present day, to keep individual liberties alive, it's unfortunate that this small museum may be overlooked by the other 'big boys' in town. From photographs to sculptures, the quiet message resonates.
Just discovered this place and loved it. I liked the unique exhibits on liberty and heroism and what it means in different contexts. I was surprised to see it wasn't just focused on American "patriotism" and instead included the struggle for liberty internationally. Also very kid friendly, makes me wish I had some to take there.
I enjoyed going through this museum. Some of the exhibits were a bit creepy since I went on a weekday morning and there were only a few other people in the museum, but it is worth checking out. The Nelson Mandela exhibit was very powerful. Out of all of the museums I have visited in Philly I think I took the most pictures of exhibits here because they were really informative. Admission was affordable and the staff were really nice. Definitely a hidden gem that I would not have visited if I hadn't seen it on Yelp.
We enjoyed free admission on July 3rd this year for a Pre-Dependence Day Party, and I only have three words to describe the National Liberty Museum: Best. Museum. In. Philadelphia.

My group walked in around 10:00am to a cacophony of young children ringing a replica Liberty Bell; the charm was almost unbearable. The museum entrance is a small gift shop selling various knick-knacks such as the Nelson Mandela finger puppet and a box of mood rings. Nothing says liberty like a mood ring! 

When you leave this stunning boutique shop, you are greeted by a staircase leading to the most interesting exhibit in the National Liberty Museum: The Wall of Adversity. This wall features portraits of various Americans that have suffered adversity in their lives such as Brooke Shields (post-partum depression), Charles Schwab (trouble reading), Christopher Joseph "Chris" Burke (best known for his character Charles "Corky" Thacher on the television series Life Goes On), and Stevie Wonder (I can't remember his.). These stories were touching and inspiring. The next day, I ate four pounds of pasta salad to honor these American heroes. Freedom truly is not free, my friends.

Other highlights of the museum include a collection of Presidential silverware, a statute of two children made out of jelly beans, and a bunch of glass-working that seemed to have about as much of a relation to liberty as the mood rings in the gift shop. 

If you're only in Philadelphia for a few days, you could waste your vacation time at the real Liberty Bell, the National Constitutional Center, and the new Revolutionary War Museum; or, you could experience "Liberty." This is the "Liberty" that patriots like Brooke Shields, Corky, and glass-blowers everywhere have fought for since this country was founded. Don't miss this hidden gem.
This museum was surprisingly fun and interesting. I originally was not planning on coming here, however it caught my eye walking past. It's near the liberty bell and unlike some of the other museums does not take forever to go through the place. I would estimate about an hr. It is very cheap too, especially if you are a college student; only 5$. This is not the best museum in Philly but a good place to visit in my opinion.
A Wonderful Surprise!

Visited during MLK Day (free entrance) we thoroughly enjoyed the various exhibits - all unique among each other over four (4) floors. Exhibits that breed emotion - that welcome thought. 

Exhibits Include:

1-Voyage to Liberty - Stories of European colonists who came to North America. Their challenges / their responsibilities in seeking freedom - religious and otherwise.
2-Heroes From Around the World - What makes a hero? Great sacrifices to benefit others - to advance liberty. Powerful audio / visual stories here. So much to appreciate.
3-Live Like a Hero - "Everyday Heroes" who make a difference. Teachers and Young Hero's. A particularly powerful display of inner-city children writing about their everyday experiences - their hopes and dreams.

There's more - so much more as The National Liberty Museum is a must visit. 

For parents and children - no one will be disappointed.
I loved it!  I would epically recomend it if you are a bible reader.  The top floor had multiple exhibits about the bible which was fascinating! A definitive must do!
One of my favorite museums in Philly so far.

When I went, they had an exhibit called "Graphic Content," centering on social justice.  Loved the different mediums used.  Some pieces were digital, some on glass.  Some ink.  Difficult to describe all of the moving pieces presented here.  I loved them all.  And each piece was presented along with an artist's explanation, which I really liked.  Plus, I identified with all of the sentiments from each artist.

There was also a small exhibit by what I assumed to be children and teens called "Caretoons," pieces talking about how and why we should take care of each other.

They also have a couple of permanent exhibits.  They have a 21 foot Dale Chihuly piece that represents the flame of liberty.  They also have an exhibit on heroes of freedom, such as Anne Frank and Nelson Mandela.  They also focus on many other people who have fought for freedom--people not featured as prominently throughout history--such as Ho Feng Shan, the "Chinese Schindler," who, risking his life, wrote thousands of passports to save Jewish people.

So many moving stories that I would have possibly never known without this museum.

The museum also has fun community events, like exhibit bingo and history comedy improv.  They also have workshops in the basement.

Again, one of my favorites.
I wish every state had a museum like this one in Philly! As a foreigner I learnt a lot about 9/11, medal of honor and more. If I visit Philly again I will definitely be back here.
