Okay so I'm sort of a Neon fanatic from a photography standpoint, so when I saw that the Neon Museum was FINALLLY offering timed tickets for visitors I SCREAMEDDDD. Because of my aforementioned obsession with neon art, I've been following alone with the NMoP's journey on Instagram patiently waiting for them to open their space for visitors (I think the pandemic delayed this to a degree, but what hasn't been delayed by the pandemic). 

If you're not following them on social media, give them a follow, because that's where they're announcing ticket drops, and let me tell you they book up QUICK. My friend Emily W. and I no sooner texted each other and all but one day was booked!! Essentially you reserve for a time slot online with an email address and then pay upon arrival. And for $10 this was TOTALLY worth it. 

Masks are required (of course) and there is hand sanitizer provided on site if you don't have your own (lol who doesn't have their own at this point?) Their location has ample parking in a huge lot on American Street. After you thank the Philadelphia gods that you don't have to look for street parking for your visit, you call the desk when you arrive at the doors. There are other businesses that operate in this space as well, so the doors will be locked and someone will come out to fetch you. 

Okay so let's talk about the collection-- the Neon Museum has about 80 or so neon pieces from the Philadelphia and surrounding areas as well as some pieces from national brands. So yes, most have roots in the Philly area but not all. All of the sections are lettered on the floor and have a fact card marked with the adjoining letter to explain each piece's history. What I actually liked most about this museum was that there are also small cork boards in every section, and those are for personal stories from visitors related to each piece. Let's say a family member worked at one of these businesses, they would LOVEEE to hear about it. I think that aspect alone makes this museum really special-- that these pieces aren't just artifacts on a wall, that these pieces represents thousands of jobs in a city built on industrialization. 

Each section is wired on the floor with motion sensors to turn on the lights when you walk by, and we had a pretty fun time walking quickly through the space turning everything on (it's the little things right?!). Fun annnnnnnnnd conserves energy. 

In addition to the neon pieces that are in this collection, there are also other things to see within the space which included a neighborhood game called DeadBox (I grew up in Northeast Philly and had never played this one!!) as well as a small rotating art display from local artists. When we visited, the featured artist it was from Mason from Blendini, who's drawings are of a future city called Blendini where all of the buildings have personalities. It was super fun and the pieces were extremely detailed and intricate, overlaid with bright colors. 

Overall the Neon Museum was highly anticipated and was really worth the wait. If you appreciate neon art and like a little bit of history this place is for you.
I stumbled upon The Neon Museum of Philadelphia's Instagram page about two years ago when they were in the early planning stage...I guess collecting signs and stuff.

It looks awesome so I followed them and have been keeping an eye on their journey to opening.

They finally opened recently (I think the pandemic slowed things down) and have limited tickets available. So far they seem to be opening tickets in a 1 or 2 week block period...you can reserve timed tickets online.

They post about ticket releases on their social so keep an eye out.

Anyway, at only 10 bucks a ticket this is definitely a neat place!

I enjoyed walking around, looking at the neon signs and taking photos.

It's not a huge space but there are quite a few signs and there are guides to give you history on each sign and where it originated. 

The owner is very friendly and insightful - and very social! He is happy to share his knowledge of his neon sign collection and the history of Philly....where many of the signs are from! 

Parking is also easy...there is a large parking lot in front of the building (which is a shared building with other businesses).

I definitely suggest adding this museum to your list of things to do in Philly!
This small but mighty museum is worth the visit, particularly if you are a long-time Philly person.  We loved looking at the signs and posters.  They were displayed well and each section has a guide you could pick up and read to learn more about the history of the establishment the neon sign came from.  There is other paraphernalia and posters to complement the neon.  My SO had a great time playing bottle caps for the first time in decades.
Len Davidson, the founder of the museum, and Joel Spivak, one of the exhibit curators,  are wonderful to talk to, reminisce with, and learn from.

The 'Philly Love' just burst forth from this little gem. I can't to wait to take other friends and family!!
Totally fabulous little museum with all sorts of neon and other retro memorabilia! They had an exhibit on "ghost signs" when I visited and it was just such a wonderful slice of history to navigate through everything there. 

A really unique and different museum in the city of Philadelphia!
