A year has gone by since my first review and it was time for an update. 

This is the deal with Nest, if you have babies and toddlers 3 and under, great. I jumped the gun with my then 4 year old and while I thought that it would be a good place for her, it wore out its welcome really fast.

She was enrolled in a Pop Hop class which I thought was more of a structured dance class and it was really not a dance class like it was described. The teacher looked like she didn't even want to be there at times. My daughter had fun, I felt kind of cheated. 

One thing you should prepare for is the snooty mommy brigade. I had a confrontation with a mom who felt the need to discipline my child in the play area. Kids will be kids but when someone else tries to do your job, well, thems' fightin' words. So unless you like elitist mommies and their pissing matches, be prepared cause not everyone that comes here is nice.

There is no one downstairs to moderate the play area at all. I saw one a many babies shoving toys in their mouths and lots of parents who would put them back on the clean shelf. It becomes a petri dish. Lucky for us we didn't go enough to merit bringing home a present in illness form. 

The bummer was the membership requires a contract for a year... we stopped going months ago and still had to continue paying til our year was up. I had total buyers remorse cause had I known that it was not going to be suitable for a 4-5 year old I would never have signed up in the first place. Needless to say I cancelled my membership the minute my 12 months were up. 

I wish I had better things to say. The place is pretty, well curated and works well if you have babies or toddlers. 4 and up? I would skip it.
How I miss having a nest membership. The family I previously worked for had a membership, and so we spent many too hot summer afternoons, too cold winter mornings, and rainy days here.  

As any caretaker of children knows, getting out of the house is crucial for your sanity. Nest provides a safe and clean environment for this. Parents and nannies can have a little down time, while they drink their free coffee, and the kids can roam the play house and explore the endless toys. Under age 2.5 is probably best, I can see older kids getting bored.

The boutique prices are pretty crazy, but I'm not one to spend even $20 on an outfit for a kid that is going to throw up on it in 10 minutes. The front desk girls are great. I've never attended any of the classes that meet on a regular basis, however I did take the little one to a few of the drop in art classes. I'd highly recommend them. Kelsey was great at letting the kids lead the pace of the class, and realized that kids get bored quickly and easily, always having several activities prepared for the day.

Why four stars and not five? I've had several experiences where nest has turned into a warzone due to parents not properly monitoring or disciplining their children. Specifically, one group of kids would come in, hit each other, steal toys from babies, scream, you name it, as the parents would sit, gossip, and do nothing to deter the behavior. Nest wasn't so great in fixing this problem.

If you are contemplating a nest membership, take the plunge and do it! Just be prepared to run out the door if that group of kids comes.
Where can you get a boutique, salon, play area, and classes for your kids all under one roof? You found it here. I was lucky enough to stumble upon Nest on the way to a Patco station and I am so glad I did. The deco is amazingly cool, the staff is super nice and it's accessible by being right next to a train station.

Not only have I enrolled my daughter in a Pop-Hop dance class, but I was able to try out the play area complimentary. The play area is NICE and will be so perfect in those times when it gets cold and I really need to let the kid unwind somewhere. 

If you have little ones, especially crawlers and toddlers, the play area is great. My daughter is on the older side (4) and she still had fun. Definitely better for the smaller nuggets but it didn't deter me from signing up for a membership. $30 a month buys us unlimited visits for play time... considering one visit is $20, it pays for itself if you have intentions of using it. Free wi-fi and a bar surrounding the play area entrance with outlets for those who need to stay connected. 

Also, they don't play annoying as all hell kids music on the overhead... I get enough of that at home, the last thing I want is more sing songy crap when I go out of the house.

One thing to keep in mind is they literally just opened and like all new businesses there are still some minor kinks that need to be ironed out but overall? A winner in my book.
I have mixed feelings about the Nest. From the website, I thought it was a lot bigger than it was; in reality, it's basically a finished basement with a bunch of different areas for kids to play (basketball hoop, slide, 'grocery store', outfits for trying on, a swing, etc). The nice thing about it is that you can sit outside the area and watch your child play since it's all very open. I also found it to be extremely clean and well maintained. If I lived in the neighborhood, I might be tempted to join because it's a nice thing for a rainy day (and a $30 a month basic membership would pay for itself if you went twice every month). We went right when it opened and it was fairly crowded within an hour even with only like 10 children downstairs because of the small size. It was $15, which I'm OK with paying (theoretically) because a) desperate, and b) no other game in town I can get to on Septa, but it's aimed at young toddlers and even younger and they pitch it as you can go and come back, but in reality, they close at 3 on the weekends and toddlers are usually napping like 1-3 at this age. There was also a membership caste system of sorts where if you aren't a member, you can't get your parking validated (and I couldn't find street parking on any of the surrounding streets due to construction and had to park in the lot - hello, this $15 trip just became $28) or free coffee, which kind of turned me off. But I'll probably be back, because a) desperate, b) no other game in town I can get to on Septa.
This was maybe my third time at the nest. Last time I looked for water for my toddler (i was there by myself with 2 small kids). I asked the people at the front desk, they sent me up to the top floor, no cups. I came down, they don't give cups (I should just buy their bottled water). They decided to do me a extra special favor and give me a plastic cup. I go back up. The water isn't working. It's been 15 minutes of trying to find tap water in a place that charges 20$ entrance. I end up giving my toddler tap water in the restroom. Fail.

Yesterday we go there and happen to arrive for an event. We didn't plan for it, but now we're up for 40$ entrance (30$ for two adults and kids, extra 10$ for grandma). They run out of pizza at 1220. I ask where is the pizza. Again, they send me upstairs one floor, then another floor, then back down. I spend 10 minutes walking up and down, until one pleasant gentleman who works there told me that they were completely out of pizza. It was not yet 1230, the event was scheduled until 1. Did you consider ordering more? The space is gorgeous but I've found many of the workers unfriendly and unhelpful, and would expect a lot more for the exorbitant prices charged.
We had my daughter's 2nd birthday party here in March and it was really great. They were in between event planners, so we didn't get the full benefit of that part, but the owner was really great in working with us with any issues that came up. 

It was so wonderful to drop off the cake the day before so that all we had to do the day of the party was show up and have fun. The staff set everything up for us ahead of time, took care of all decorations, tables, etc, and cleaned up everything after. We had it in the downstairs play space. The kids were in heaven running around for 2 hours, and the adults were able to socialize without worrying about the kids since they were in a safe confined space.
We bought a 8 package of play space last winter and then signed up our LO for Spring 1.  It feels the sale pitch was good each time you buy something but when later you call and ask what you bought for, the service/package is limited or ppl at the front desk aren't sure.  

So I finally took some time to check out their website and was glad to see there is an ongoing schedule for each instructor to play with kids everyday for different things.  So I told my folks to take the baby there and check out different instructors and then do drop-ins more informed.  They got there today at 9:10 and left 11:15.  Miss Jess never showed up.  I called the front desk to inquire.  Sarah told me it is on a best effort basis in terms of the play space scheduled activities.  Is it?  If so, it is false advertisement on the website, aka fraud.  If not, simply missing out the appt, pls note that you are in a babies business and pls do out some thoughts to babies routine schedule - nursing, eating, napping and play time.  Pls don't bull shit your paying customer "best effort" on an advertised schedule on your own website.   If you don't know what happened, first apologize and then go find out what happened before you alleged anything.  Be professional and love what you do.
I absolutely loved this place!!! Back story: I have a 2 year old who just turned on the 'terrible' on a rather chilly day. So my hubby and I were racking our brains trying to figure out the best alternative to outside. So to the Internet we went...Can I just say every single kids play zone for a toddler in southern new jersey was booked solid with birthday parties! So I gave up. I figured we would just hit our favorite in house play zone you know, 'grandpa's house', until my husband said get dressed and off we went. 

15 minutes later we were at NEST. My son loved it. There were so many areas for imagination. Plenty of room to make friends. Hideaway corners, play area for crawlers. There was an area to break and eat. They do offer a few drinks/snacks for purchase. Along with membership and class packages.

I'm not sure how often I will be going, but I know it's there for the future. I really like the fact that they had open play in the morning and birthday parties scheduled in the afternoon.
We got some passes for the Nest through Living Social. We figured on a cold and/or rainy day it would be a good place for our 3 year old.

Since we went on a deal, it was worth it. But I am don't think I'd spend $15 a visit. It's an alternative to a park and indoors. They have kids and toys to play with, as well as an indoor slide. Our daughter had a good time, but it's a place for the less money conscious.

If you don't mind spending the money, it's a fun place. But for us, we'll pass.
This is a nice place for the older infant set to play, but there are some major professionalism issues among the administration and the administrative staff. I appreciate the idea, but the execution is not very customer friendly.
Update: Thanks Matt for the reply on my review. This is the second time you change your comment. I think you missed the main point of what I'm talking about. I know the staff clean the areas during the day, I said it in my first review. My main point here is the cockroaches, there must be a way to stop them. It's disgusting to feed a baby in the tables area and see a roach walking on the floor or the wall. That's what I'm talking about. I hear a lot of people saying that they love the place, but if only they change the old toys to new ones. I'm just giving you some of the comments that I hear from people during the years that I'm going to nest, for you to change a little bit the place. The idea of a indoor playground in the city is great, but Nest needs to change management.



I'm confused if the real name of this place is: The Nest of the cockroaches. This place is so disgusting with cockroaches walking on the wall and floor, even near the play space area. Some friends (moms and nannies) complain about it and we all received the same answer: "sorry, the exterminator comes every weekend, there's nothing we can do. The roaches come because of the restaurant next door". My first thought was: I can't even imagine the kitchen of that restaurant. Until I killed some of roaches myself. This place needs brand new toys (some of them are very very old) clean floors, clean carpet. The little treehouse smell like pee inside, maybe some kids used it as a bathroom while some parents get distracted on their phone and don't pay attention to what they do. I witnessed some kids bullying others. Parents with no socks walking in the baby area where babies put their hands and face. For what they charged this place should be extremely neat!!! I know there's someone cleaning and organizing the toys until 1, because I saw her, but this place needs constant cleaning. The main idea of this place is great, don't get me wrong if only this place is clean, would be the best kids indoor playground in the city. But the Nest of the cockroaches is not!
I really like taking the children I work with to Nest. There is so much to do. It is great for super cold days, yucky rainy days, or boiling hot days where you don't want to be trapped inside. 

There are many different classes the children can take, and there is an EPIC playroom with a play house, obstical course, and what seems like an endless supply of toys. There is even a designated section for the kiddos who may not be walking just yet. All and all, I'm a fan of Nest.

PROS
- really nice staff
- plethora of activities, get- togethers, classes and family programs, even on the weekends!
- cute sales section with adorable clothes, shoes, toys and accessories for the kiddos
- stroller parking (AMEN)
- a kids salon
- cute little cafe area where snacks and drinks can be purchased
- super clean bathrooms
- free coffee and tea for members
- parking discounts in nearby lots

CONS
- more expensive than the average kids gym in Philly but you have to weigh it out with the amenities
- the occasional unsupervised child (chalk it up to unaware parenting)

TIPS
- this place is definitely geared more for the under 4 years old crowd
- memberships are based on a full calendar year and can only end early if you move more than 30 miles away and send a written letter.
- sometimes there are free/ sample classes. Take your small one to these to test it out before making the financial commitment
- the open free play area closes at 3pm own weekends so this may be a fun morning activity 
- nest is a fun place to play with your child and really get to know them, not a spot where you should drop your kid in the playroom and surf your phone or laptop. Be engaged and active with your small one here.
Nest is an incredible urban oasis. 

For the parents of small children this is a great spot anytime- but a saving grace during the rainy, cold days when outdoors isn't an option.

The downstairs play-space is perfect for little ones to explore! There is a tree, a fort with a bumpy slide, and tons of great toys for kids to play with. 

We recently sat in on a Jamboree class and it was amazing! All the teachers there have a gift! So much goes into make each class thoughtful, and well rounded. The children are engaged and it's really so much fun for them.

It's nice to buy a snack on the way out since most kids will have worked up an appetite! So many healthy (organic! Yay!) options are available and thankfully coffee and tea are there for parents- Really fantastic! 

Way to go Nest! You guys rock!
Sooooo.... On the recommendation of a friend, we chose to take our 14 month old to Nest to tame his unruly baby tresses. His hair was so long and he was rockin a major baby mullet. I called and spoke with a super friendly person who quickly made us an appointment.  While we tried to prepare our little guy for the big event (thanks YouTube) we weren't quite sure how he would handle the experience and figured going to a kid oriented place would be our best bet. Well, he had something else in mind and despite Carolyn's (the stylist) awesome efforts (Elmo or Mickey videos, playful interaction, and quick and flawless scissor skills) our little guy was NOT having it. 

Nonetheless, this wizard with scissors somehow managed to give him the "faux hawk" we were going for and he looks adorable (I may be slightly biased given he is mine :).  She was so kind and made it easy for us and our little guy! 

Carolyn made sure to grab some of this hair and sent us on our way with a commemorative certificate and some of his hair for the memory. 

We would 1000 percent recommend going to see Carolyn at NEST for baby's first haircut and we will definitely be going back to play and to keep up with our little guy's tresses. Thank you again!!!
WOW.  I am amazed this place does not have a higher rating.  I hope this place stays in CC Philly for a long time.  It is a gem for parties.  

We had my sons first birthday party here.  Jessica and her staff could not have done it better.  They made a lot of last minute prep for us, were VERY organized, planned, and did not miss anything.  NEST is thought out and operations are structured very well.  The parking next door is a big piece of the experience.  It was only $8 for our guests for the party.  

There is some wear/tear that needs to be taken care, but the facility is nice and clean.  One of the best part of this place is the staff.  They authentically played and enjoyed their time with the kids.  They must recruit the right people, because dealing with crazy parents of little ones and little ones themselves is demanding.
Well after an entire month of free visits (brilliant marketing strategy) we have officially signed up for a years membership to Nest. Sure, it's pretty expensive compared to so of the other memberships we have purchased in the name of child entertainment, but I am hoping it will pay off in the end. Averages out to 50 dollars a month, about the same as a membership to a really nice gym (except we plan on using this a lot more). 

Come wintertime, I plan on being here at least 4 times a week, including a more structured class once a week. This semester we are signed up for ballet, certain to pay off for my son's future professional sports career. 

I also cannot wait for the salon to open, since driving out to New Jersey is a bit of a pain for a $12 hair cut. I am hoping the cuts will be similarly priced. 

Beyond all that, they have really good music playing, which is very important to keep a parent from going insane. You can only listen to so much Peter, Paul, and Mary. 

The only thing I would add would be sleeping rooms for parents so that I can grab a much needed nap. 

Thank you nest for opening so close to my home and providing a fun, clean, and safe place for my children to play and take classes.
The staff is nice and the actual play area can be fun if it isn't being monopolized by kids who are bullies and who aren't being disciplined by their parents.  I think they need to establish and enforce some playground rules.  The majority of the parents were lounging at the periphery and not paying attention to their kids.  I witnessed several kids being bullied. Older kids like 4 or 5 years old were snatching things from my 6 month old and 2 year old even though we were off to the side playing quietly and staying out of the older kids' way. Two older kids wouldn't let some of the kids access to the play house.  Some parents just didn't notice and some parents actually were bullies themselves.  I was shocked adults could behave that way towards other children.  One mother told my friend's 2 year old that he was in the way and scolded him to "get out of the way" in a very nasty way.  Who talks to a baby that way?? It was actually very disheartening to see. I was thinking of getting a membership but who wants to send their kid to a place where they constantly have to worry about other kids including those kids parents being jerks to them? There should be a large, clear sign at the entrance reminding parents to set good examples for their kids and to watch their kids. Basically, parents should be told to treat all the children in the play area as if they are their own.  That way they won't act like their child is more entitled to the toys than the other children
I hate the Nest. I've dropped in a couple times on a rainy day and regretted it each time. The price for a day pass is exorbitant. The play space is small with limited toys. Often parents are distracted by their phones and children get rowdy. The pre walker area is minuscule with very few engaging items. I always leave thinking staying at home would have been more worthwhile. I've never been to a class here so perhaps they're worth it. I rather journey to PlayArts.
After an amazing customer service experience with the staff at The Nest, I am happy to revise my review below and change my rate from 2 to 5 stars. They went out of their way to show me they have an amazing kid-focused business.

I'm very happy I gave it a second chance!


****************
This place came highly recommended, but I was disappointed with my son's first haircut.  

I know it's hard working with toddlers, and we did not expect perfection, but the haircut was much patchier / choppier than was necessary. The stylist didn't even ask beforehand how we wanted it - she just sat him down and started chopping.

They give a 'keepsake' lock of hair & certificate, but it was a mess. It looked like they taped different clumps of hair to the certificate. It looks awful.

I'm very unlikely to return.
*If you're big on hygiene and honesty, read this re
Not great for parents with small crawlers. I was sold on the "Must have socks on" in the children's play area. They have signs posted through out the facility stating the rules. But front Aracely a staff member thought it was okay to approve a barefoot parent into the play area "Because they were sold out of socks and the parent had a small child with them"... this is a communal space and children are easily susceptible to diseases (I.e. hand foot and mouth, athletes foot, rashes etc.) I was not comfortable with her decision or attitude after said decision. I asked to speak with a Manager and she said I could not send an email. But her supervisor, Jason showed up. Or so he said... with no reprimand or apology. This play place is not one for littles. Walkers and older yes. We have canceled our membership. 

Side note : we signed up on Friday and there were no socks then. So in a four days no one could make sure the front desk was stocked with something as simple as socks? 

**Update: the GM has reached out regarding this matter. She was very professional and assured me that the allowance was not a normal occurrence. We will continue to try out the playhouse.
This is a great establishment for city families! Whether it's raining or snowing or cold or too hot outside (as Philly weather is pretty sucky most of the time), nest provides a safe and fun environment for kids and families! There are so many toys that kids can play with, and there are different areas for bigger kids and smaller babies. There is also a place for parents and caregivers to charge their phones and tables and high chairs to use for snacks and meals! They also collect toys that have been put in kids mouths and sanitize them. It's an awesome place--wish I had something like this growing up!
Came home to Philadelphia on vacation with my 10 mo. old and my 21 mo. old a couple weeks back at the beginning of a cold snap. After a quick search online my wife and I stumbled on this GEM. 

Not only is this the perfect place for any toddler but what really made the Nest so special is my sons seemed to relax and unwind as if they were back in their home like they hadn't done for most of the trip (meeting extended relative after extended relative and not having the comforts they enjoy back home). 

My youngest took to the crawler section like a moth to a flame spending a good chunk of time between the bouncer and the interactive wall games. These wall games are especially great as he is learning to stand on his own so developmentally they were perfect.

My oldest was let loose into their expansive walking section (expansive for the inner city at least) and was stimulated for quite a long time with numerous puzzles, Legos of all sizes, a stationary row boat, their slide, and his favorite - the small shopping carts with plastic fruit and vegetables.

To top it all off the service was informative, helpful, kind, and efficient. From the ladies at the front desk to whomever dreamt this concept up and made it a reality are all top notch and we cannot thank them enough. 

If only there was one in Southern California!
Update: Sad to lower the rating because it's such an amazing concept, but it's so disorganized that throwing my daughters birthday party here turned into a nightmare, with misinformation, out of the blue added costs, and radio silence from unapologetic management. Also had to stop coming to the play space because things weren't being washed well and my kids were getting sick after every visit. Definitely think this small business can and hopefully will turn it around! 

Last review: Can't say enough good things about Nest- especially the play space. My kids absolutely love playing there, the staff is very friendly, and they change up the toys periodically so the regulars, like my kids, are always entertained. They do little free music classes in the morning which are 15 minutes long and so perfect for all ages. Living in Center City with kids is so much better because of the Nest.
I'll admit that when I first thought about joining a baby/toddler play area...it seemed silly. I mean why pay for a play area? Well, that's maybe why I first thought about joining, living in the city, we can tend to get cabin fever in the winter, but it turned out to be so much more. Of course, the play area is fun!

We've taken several classes here, starting with music when our little one wasn't even walking yet. Then moved up to a gym type of class called Crawling Caterpillars, and Jamboree which combined both. He loved it. Ms Naeemah is amazingly talented. They have a fantastic staff. Mr. Julian is the program director now, and you can tell that he really is invested in the kids and it's not just a job. 

We've also taken classes with Ms. Joanie and Ms. Amy. Both are great. I've recommended the Nest to anyone with young kids in the city. It's a great play space. It comes in handy when you just need a place to let your little kiddo run around. They have fun events where you can meet other parents, which is not always easy in the city when your kids aren't in school yet.  I'll be sad when we age out since it's been a great resource, especially with exposure to other kids, a class type environment and a play learning style.
Each week I look forward to taking my little man to his baby music class - it is such a fun time to spend together. We would sing songs, dance, play with instruments and he would love rolling around with other little ones.

I also really feel good about him playing at Nest - I feel like they take care of their space there & it's very clean, warm and inviting. In each of the classes it's socks only {they are more lenient on the babies, since they don't walk!} - but for older kids and for adults too, its no shoes, only socks - and as a new mom, I really appreciate that! 

Check out the rest of my review & more pictures on my blog - And Her Little Dog Too - http://bit.ly/1y8ZRuz
Cabin fever lifesaver. This location is great for those parents whose kids need some room to run around and play.  The center isn't as big as I would have hoped, but both the upstairs (for tumbling, classes) and downstairs (the primary play area) provides a much needed alternative to families who have exhausted other interior play options and need a change in scenery.

I have mostly been here for private birthday parties (which have been done very, very well) and the employees are very lovely, patient and energetic.  The retail area is varied and nice, although I wish there were more educational toys and a more varied selection of books. This place is ideal for the under 4 set.  Little Kid oasis in the middle of center city.
Walked in with my daughter yesterday, person at the counter assumed I was the nanny bc our skin tones are different. Nest is awful. It is overpriced and frequently rips off the ideas of other children's programs in the area.
We took the boys here on a random Monday and the place seemed a lot smaller than what I remembered. Maybe it's just the fact that my boys are bigger. I was really looking  forward to letting them run around in the play space upstairs, so I as definitely disappointed when I found out it was only open in the mornings between the hours of 8:30-9:30am. Had I have known this before we paid $20, we probably wouldn't have gone in. The boys had fun and that's all that matters, but the space just seemed too small for their age and they are just 2 and 3.
I called today and spoke with someone about their services. She was SO friendly over the phone, taking her time to explain everything. After speaking with her, I needed to check the Nest out. My 2 children, husband and I drove over and spent about 3.5 hours playing. My daughter,  who is 3 was given a "demo" art lesson. I met the woman behind the phone, Melissa W., and she was an even better delight in person. She is the best manager of any establishment that I have been to. She very professional, yet so friendly and welcoming. More businesses need to hire staff like Melissa!!
Many of my friends go to the Nest so I wanted to check it out. We took the cooking class for 2-3 year olds and it was a total waste of time and money. I couldn't believe what I was paying so my daughter could cut a banana and sit and color for the rest of the class. There are so many other fun, interesting, and more affordable classes and things to do in the city, so we won't be back.
Update: now we do the Jr. Spot Me classes which are fantastic! Mr. Brett is great, and my daughter loves this class! I imagine that we will continue to participate in various classes into elementary school. They do pottery, ballet, cooking -all kinds of fun stuff!

I also will say that we had my daughter's 3rd birthday party downstairs in the playspace and it was FABULOUS! The kids were all 2 and 3, and they LOVED the playspace. Jessica and the staff were great - really really worked hard to organize and keep party running perfectly. Catering menu includes food from DiBruno's which, although not cheap, was fantastic. Other than picking a theme, the menu, and getting a cake, Jessica and the staff did the rest. Super super place to have a party - kids are happy and adults can eat and mingle while the kids play. Highly recommend!!
Nest has become my favorite place to take the kids. Taking kids out to a big play place is fun, but can be kind of stressful trying to keep track of everybody. It's never like this at Nest! The play space is set up so that parents can play with their kids without worry. I can spend time with my youngest and also keep an eye on my two older children without having to chase them all over the place. I once stayed there for 4 hours without even realizing it and left feeling relaxed and happy with what a fun time my kids had. We also really love their special events, holiday parties and parents night out. They do an amazing job and don't skimp on anything. But they usually charge per family instead of per person, so it's great for our large family. I could pay a babysitter the same amount, but the kids get crafts, movies, pizza and playtime when I take them to Nest instead for the monthly parents night out.
My wife, son and I went here for a birthday party. The space downstairs was very impressive with play areas for children who can walk and those who can't yet do so.  The staff was welcoming and engaged. We will be returning for play time in the tree house and with the music instruments. My wife will also be attending their class for new moms. If you live close this is a 'must' membership.  For hot and cold days what better place to go than an indoor playground in center city.
My family has taken a few classes here and really enjoys the play space, especially during the cold months. Nest is very clean and well organized. It is a good place for families with young children. The downstairs play space is best suited for children that can walk, otherwise they are too young to really enjoy it. Not sure how the price of membership compares to places in the suburbs, but it seems worth it if you live within walking distance.
It's a nice and cozy place with the friendly and helpful staffs. The space is not too big but enough for my infant & toddler. We love its cleaning and well organized with the different areas for different ages. We've been to so many different places before and all of them are the mixed ages place which has made it look like big mess. My kids love it and we definitely will be back again.
The staff was so friendly and helpful. The space is clean and well organized. My kids love it and we'll definitely come back
*If you're big on hygiene and honesty, read this review* 

Not great for parents with small crawlers. I was sold on the "Must have socks on" in the children's play area. They have signs posted through out the facility stating the rules. But front Aracely a staff member thought it was okay to approve a barefoot parent into the play area "Because they were sold out of socks and the parent had a small child with them"... this is a communal space and children are easily susceptible to diseases (I.e. hand foot and mouth, athletes foot, rashes etc.) I was not comfortable with her decision or attitude after said decision. I asked to speak with a Manager and she said I could not send an email. But her supervisor, Jason showed up. Or so he said... with no reprimand or apology. This play place is not one for littles. Walkers and older yes. We have canceled our membership. 

Side note : we signed up on Friday and there were no socks then. So in a four days no one could make sure the front desk was stocked with something as simple as socks?
Nest has been a god send for me and my family! It is worth every penny for us, though it might not be for everyone. I work from home and I cannot have my now 2-year old son in the house with me while I am working. We have various caregivers for him (a mix of family, friends, and babysitters), and they know that they always have the option of taking him to Nest and staying there all day if they want to. He is there about 2-4 days a week. I am there maybe once a week with him for an hour or two, but I have spent enough time there since it opened to have a good feel for the place. Their bathrooms are roomy and always clean, the staff is incredibly nice (my son is in love with all the women who work there), and they have a great selection of drinks and food in case he runs out of anything. (The free coffee for members is a nice touch!) The toys are thoughtful and age appropriate and are replaced often with brand new toys. I have never felt like the play space is out-of-control, and certainly more tame than a typical playground. The majority of the adults in the play space are friendly and respectful of others and do what they are supposed to do in terms of monitoring their own kids' behavior. Although there isn't a staff member assigned to be in the play space (I agree with the other poster that that's not a bad idea), there is usually someone who comes down every half hour or so to clean, straighten up, etc.  And, unlike at a playground, there are rules and you can report any problems to the staff. The owners of Nest have really gone out of their way to make this a welcoming, clean, safe, and friendly place to take your babies and toddlers. I agree with the posters who said it's best for the under 4 crowd. Of course, by that time my son will be in preschool. But until then, we will keep renewing our membership. Once he is 4, I will look into some of the classes that meet after preschool lets out, especially the ones that parents are not required to attend! My only complaint about Nest is that their weekend hours are too short. I don't like that the play area closes at 3:00 Saturdays and Sundays. Because of my son's nap schedule, we are almost never able to take him there on the weekends. I chose "moderate" in terms of the price based on how often my son is there. If my son were in day care, it would be ultra pricey!  If that's your situation, you should definitely think twice before joining. Some people have suggested that they should have a weekend-only membership price to cater to the daycare crowd. That's not a bad idea if they can figure out the logistics. But in the meantime, since you can be there as often as you want, I think it is a very fairly priced membership and well worth it for stay-at-home and work-from-home parents. I think it is also great for parents who work outside the home and have nannies who stay at home with their kids because it gives their nannies a place to take their kids that is safe and where both the kids and the nannies can socialize.
WAY Overpriced. Overcrowded. Obnoxious employees/management. Mark up their boutique prices at least 50%. Don't take your family there unless you want to get conned into their RIDICULOUS membership/class fees. Run while you can!!!!!!!!!
I have mixed feelings about Nest. The first few times I went, was with a three year old boy in my care, plus a nanny friend and her charge. This was right around when Nest first opened. The huge, beautiful and well stocked downstairs playroom was staffed with at least one worker keeping an eye out for potential problems between children whose parents or caregivers were not keeping an eye on them. At that time, I thought it was fantastic. However, more recently I've been coming with a new charge, who is an almost-toddler. I've found that EVERY time we visit, there are several older children (I'd say between three and six) who are not being monitored at ALL by whomever brought them to play. On our first visit, I kept my kiddo in the "Non-Walkers Only" area. 15 minutes in, a four year old, (whose nanny watched the whole thing, and kept chatting with her friend instead of intervening) jumped over the wall and picked up the bouncy swing. Of course my little guy crawled over and narrowly escaped getting his tiny fingers crushed by the swing when the other boy decided to drop it back down. The next few times we visited, another mom brought her three kids, and hid in a corner playing on her cell phone,  while her 6 and 4 year old TRAMPLED every toddler in sight, including yanking toys away from them and purposefully jumping HARD onto play equipment that other, much smaller children were using. I, and the family I work for, chose Nest as a SAFE play place for the kiddo to explore, crawl and have fun. This has not been the case as of late. 

Nest, you are making more than enough money to add another person or two to your staff to ensure the safety and well being of the children enjoying your otherwise amazing facility. Employ someone to take charge when parents (and unfortunately nannies) don't seem to want to be bothered. Otherwise I fear you may lose potential customers. Not sure if we will be getting our year membership if this keeps up.
Oh wow , it's been 3 weeks . Still no one has read this review ... they DID put soap in one out of the 2 bathrooms (wtf??!!!) but the poop explosion in the first bathroom (I $hit you not ) has been there for well over a week now --which proves to me they don't clean the bathrooms very often --and definitely NOT ENOUGH for a daycare center /playground .

The management and ownership here has got a serious problem of neglect .

Why put soap in just one bathroom ? It's so idiotic it's almost negligent in a post pandemic world . 

I would sooner use a porta potty --probably cleaner .

If any management bothers to ever check their reviews like most businesses do I wonder if they will ever respond to this like most (good) business's do pretty quickly .

The owner of this establishment--should be embarrassed. Thanks.
