Even though it is infested with cartoon-like, brain-addled clubgoers after 9pm on weekend nights, there is no denying Old City is Philadelphia's most beautiful and historic neighborhood. 

From Independence Hall and Christ Church to the shaded side streets where the city's founding elite dwelt, history is around every cobblestoned corner.  Tourists clog our arterial byways from spring to autumn, a chorus of angry honks marking their progress as they are oh-so-slowly shown the sights from horse-drawn carriages. 

Locals and visitors alike will delight to the many comestible offerings found in Old City.  Two of our finest restaurants, Amada and Zahav, are spitting distance apart. Excellent craft beers are everywhere: Eulogy, Khyber Pass Pub, Race Street Cafe. Once sated, indulgence of retail impulses is encouraged. Boutiques stocked with one-of-a-kind jewelry, home wares and apparel line Second and Third Streets; chic salons and art galleries layer beauty over the gritty urban grid.

So remember! It's not all musclebound mooks and cellulite-clad ladies of the night around Old City -- there's also the new Jewish History Museum, a grip of monthly gallery shows, truly comforting used book shop The Book Trader, and ever more in our old town.
The Quick: Very charming little walkable area. You can see the liberty bell easily without having to wait on line. Flowers everywhere, lots of public parks and historic buildings to explore. Overall a nice area outside the hustle and bustle of center city- although there are a few tourist groups as to be expected.
This section of the city is a great mix of old, historic Americana and new, hip trendy boutiques, galleries and restaurants.  It's lots of fun on First Friday - and good for families in the spring & summer, too.

A nice place to visit and live.
(take four)

Roll 'em.

I have extensive experience in all aspects of consumerist consumption in Olde City District. (That's OCD to those in the know, like me. You can't live, eat, sleep, breathe and shop OCD and not become an expert in such matters.) Doubt me? Please PM me so I can fax you my credit card receipts. (Sorry, no credit card receipts for the Franklin Fountain as they only accept cash.)

The best reviews are passionate and personal? 
This review is passionate and personal, though perhaps not one of the best. 
 
It seems that the Yelp Support Team is a Lack-of-Support Team™ in my case. 
They posses no sense of poetry whatsoever.

Need to have things   S - P - E - L - L - E - D    O - U - T ?

O - K.

Please, check out OCD. It's one of the cleaner neighborhoods in the fair city of Philadelphia. I like it. You might like it too.

(For the record, I should state that I'm neither an employee of OCD nor in competition with them. I also received no compensation for writing this review.)
