Olga is a fantastic intuitive life coach! Her unique style and approach is very effective in getting you to think differently. She will show you how to ask yourself the key questions that will allow you to break free from a routine that may not be working.

If you need help learning a language, you would look for a language teacher (which by the way, Olga has taught Spanish), or if you need help with your taxes, you would ask an accountant, or if you need to improve your tennis game, you would get a tennis coach. Similarly, she is there as a life coach to help you improve any area of your life (relationships, career, health, etc.) Why reinvent the wheel? She's done most of the research for you already.

Olga will also be very frank, and tell you what you may not want to hear, but need to hear. That is what will get you out of your comfort zone, so that you can take actions to make the positive change you desire. She is instinctive, compassionate, and genuinely interested in helping people reach their potential.
When i speak with Olga she has a way of making things very clear by breaking it down in very simple terms giving me clarity. In other words, i'm able to move forward & grow much faster. She identifies and takes away the stumbling blocks that are in my way. I have complete trust in her.
I generally connect with Olga when I have a professional of personal situation that I need to analyze deeply and determine a course of action.   She listens without judgment, so I feel I can say the deepest thought without choosing my words carefully, hence achieving a sense relief after each conversation.  Olga always provides guidance to see a different angle.  I wish everyone had someone like Olga to help them navigate through the insecurities and difficulties life brings...
When I first Olga, I knew my world would change for the better.  During the 3 month life coaching engagement, I began to see what was important to me.  I set goals and made action plans to achieve my desires in life. When I would stray or fall back into old patterns of self denial and settling for the mediocre, Olga's brutal honesty kept me on track. 
Olga is insightful, generous and extremely tough. She takes a personal stake in your success and it shows every time we speak. She is simply amazing.
Olga has helped me overcome some of the obstacles in my life that I thought I could never get through. Not only did Olga help me figure out the plan and steps to take to achieve my goals. She helped give me courage and strength. She helped me truly believe in myself. I felt safe and in control of my life with Olga. 
Olga is passionate and not scared to speak the truth. You may not want to hear some of the things she says but you need to hear it. She practices tough love. You will be inspired. You will be changed. You will be thankful.
I was referred to Olga from a friend. My friend has had much more success working with Olga on her start up business.

I'm so grateful that I have Olga coaching me through this part of my life. Her wonderful spirit has helped me so much.  She has tirelessly work with me to move forward and to achieve my goals. 

Olga's ability to mold her approach for each clients needs makes her the best. She knows when to push and when to listen. In my opinion there isn't a better person to help you through any obstacle in your life.
