When my husband and I got home around midnight on a recent Friday, we realized we were hungry and had no food in the house. We were super excited to see that Oregon Steaks was still taking delivery orders, and we placed an order for a chicken cheese steak for him and a turkey hoagie for me. 

The delivery was fast - maybe thirty minutes tops? Awesome. The sandwiches were huge. I thought the quality of the turkey was just okay - and I also pulled about half of it off because there was so much. My husband enjoyed his chicken cheesesteak. 

Though I might not pick Oregon Steaks as my first choice when other options are available, it was more than solid for an impromptu late night meal delivered right to our door.
BEST NEW CHEESESTEAKS in Philly.  Opened 11/10/13 - which gives them the honor of sharing a birthday with the United States Marine Corps.  Apropos for two reasons:  USMC founded in Philadelphia in 1775; right next door is Cookie's Tavern - home to the best USMC birthday block party in the country.  But back to the steaks...had the beef cheesesteak with mushrooms, onions, and whiz - standard fare - with hot peppers on the side all tucked into a perfectly fresh italian roll that was soft, chewy and held the sandwich together perfectly.  Walk up window service - one for steaks, one for sodas and sides.  Good arrangement.  Staff was awesome...just getting started but they are enthusiastic, friendly and very excited to showoff their new digs.  So the picnic tables weren't out yet, the outdoor ceiling wasn't finished, inside service not yet available but Oregon Steaks has all the ingredients to be a mandatory stop before the game or for weekend visitors (like us).  Congratulations, Oregon Steaks - and Semper Fi!
- signed - your first customers!
This is the worst cheese-steak I've had.  I frequently hit up a 'papi shop' in North Philly for a $3.50 cheese-steak when I'm at work and the overall end-product is simply better.  I passed up on my favorite spot, Cosmi's Deli to try this place out tonight.  I made a terrible miss-STEAK.  I'm sorry, I really couldn't help myself there, I'll understand if you hate me.  I got a basic cheese-steak and onions with provolone and I found the meat to be a quality cut of beef (I think it was rib-eye) that had been terribly over-cooked to the point of tasteless chew.  It wasn't properly seasoned - I think the guy's line cooks are prepping the steaks for whiz and American cheese (which has a lot of salt in it), so if you get it with provolone, it is really bland.  The bread was the chewier non-seeded type that had a little sour to it - it might even be sourdough - no complaints about that.  I would have given the place three stars as an average not good cheese-steak mill but...

There was a goddamn strand of steel wool in the middle of the steak.

So... I called the guy back and told him.  He said come back and we'll comp the sandwich - I told him no thanks, I'm too far away for that to really be worth my while.  

So at least they do the right thing when they fuck up (+1 star).
Love this place, me and my fiancée eat here all the time and my daughter loves the cheese fries. But, instead of my usual chicken cheese steak, I wanted to try something new and ordered a meatball sub a couple days a go and loved it with all its messiness. This time I wanted to try it with bacon added. Because Its bacon.... Dreamy right??. But this time I received my sandwich with little to non marinara sauce. Damn shame I know they have good food this is to just let them know that whoever worked this night needs a little more attention on quality control.
While driving around the area at the ungodly hour of 5:30 in the morning, hungry and thinking I would wind up at one of the area diners, I happened upon the extremely well-lit Oregon Steaks and decided that would be a much cheaper and possibly better alternative.

For native Philadelphians and/or cheesesteak aficionados, what one looks for in a cheesesteak is a very subjective thing.  I am not a native, but I love cheesesteaks and have since I moved here several years prior. 

By comparison, I am a Jim's Steaks guy and although at odd hours of the evening or early AM I will find myself eating at Geno's, I do not love their work.  But sometimes the need for a cheesesteak can strike outside of the hours of everyone but the 24-hour joints.

So it was nice to see a 24-hour joint that wasn't on the infamous Passyunk corner.  It was also nice that they didn't only have cheesesteaks.  My wife was with me but not hungry however it was nice that they had a full menu of other items including chicken cheesesteaks, roast pork, roast beef and cold cut hoagies for her down the road.  She doesn't like chesesteaks.  I married her anyway.

Aside from being open all night (making them more convenient than most cheesesteak places) and having a pretty full menu (making them more well-rounded than the 24-hour cheesesteak places), there is the issue of the steak itself, which is pretty important.

It was during the Philly arctic cold snap which meant no line!  It also meant eating outside was problematic.  I imagine they might put out some chairs and tables at some point when the weather gets nicer.  They might have even had some floating around but the fact that I was not going to avail myself of that option means I didn't look very hard.  I wound up eating it in the car.

The guys who worked there were looking for something to do and there I was with ten bucks.  The guy who took the order was friendly-gruff (Philly folks know what I am talking about) and I giggled a little inside when he said the "chef" would be preparing my order.  Chef.  I wonder if the dude who made my steak has that on his résumé.  Chef.

It took a little bit of time compared to the places that keep mounds of beef and onions on their grills due to demand, so the steak might be a little different if it is ordered during a busier time.  But the meat was much tastier than that of their nocturnal competitors, less gristly and chopped.  The onions weren't quite as tasty as the stuff at Jim's but they had a nice texture.  They didn't use Amoroso's but the local bakery they use instead was just as adequate.  The wiz dripped all over me, melting into the extremely hot steak that would have burned my mouth if I wasn't careful... (Who am I kidding?  I wasn't careful, I just have developed a tolerance to nuclear-hot wiz.)

The end result was a pretty tasty cheesesteak.  It wasn't quite as good as Jim's but it was miles better than the other places that are open 24 hours, and also not a tourist trap.

It's nice that I don't have to settle for a mediocre cheesesteak just because I happen to want it at four in the morning anymore.  And it's nice that I can also drag along friends or the wife even if they don't desire a cheesesteak.  I'd like to try their other stuff too but as I sit here thinking about it, it would be hard to not get the cheesesteak (even though I loves me a good roast pork sandwich) which means they are doing something right.
With a name like Oregon Steaks, if there's one thing they should have down pat is an amazing steak sandwich, right? It was nearing midnight, and after a long day of celebrating at the Eagles Super Bowl Parade, all I wanted (and needed to soak up all the alcohol) was a cheesesteak. I got a cheesesteak, American cheese, fried onions--to go. They wrapped my steak in paper, which upon unwrapping, I noticed that the tops of the sandwich had gotten soggy. Then noticed the sandwich wasn't cut in half (it's a Philly thing, I know...). The meat consisted of thin flavorless strips, with the fried onions and cheese providing most of the flavor. At ~$8.50 for a cheesesteak it's not worth the price. I appreciate that they're always open and the customer service is good. But sorry, won't be back.
One of the marks of a good sandwich is that the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. Unfortunately, this was not the case at Oregon Steaks. The steak itself was kind of tough, the cheese didn't melt enough, and the bread was mediocre. There was no sandwich nirvana, only a longing for something better...

The service was fine, and people nice, but it doesn't make up for the food.
Travel just a few minutes outside of the city and you'll find Oregon steaks. "Oregon", not "Philly" because of its location on Oregon St.

This place rocks!

The cheesesteak has chopped beef just like I like it and is loaded with cheese!

The menu also offers pork sandwiches, meatball sandwiches, chicken sandwiches...you get the idea. But the cheesesteak was so good it's hard not to just want that. You can get it with marinara or buffalo sauce too. There are extra sauces and peppers available to kick up your meal located outside the window. 

Turn around time for my order was only about 10 minutes which isn't too bad either.
Ugh, why are they all falling into this trap! Shaved steak is how a cheesesteak is supposed to be served, these crappy flat pieces of meat are flavorless & tough! I want SHAVED STEAK!! Small, thinly cut & narrow pieces of decent meat, THAT'S what a cheesesteak is supposed to be made from. I thought my wait was going to be rewarded with something better, I'll take this as a learning experience.

Plus side, service was friendly, my Lyft driver waited for me, uh, it did have some good flavor, it just didn't come from the meat. The flavor was from it being served old fashioned style with tomatoes & fried onions(grilled) & some hot peppers.

I won't come back tomorrow after the ballgame
Stopped there several times throughout when they opened at first they where decent at making a Philadelphia cheesesteak as hard as the business is to open up a shop with the sandwich  that represents Philadelphia they are doing the sandwich million times better as when I first tryed it  and are giving tony Luke's and Phillips run for there money and would say it is better then both of them genos and pats are tourist places which I wouldn't eat there..... every time I go there the workers are very friendly and did I add the cook is gorgeous looks like a ken doll my bf actually got mad because I called him cute lol but I recommend this place to everyone as I work at the holiday Inn on packer ave and sent a big group there the other day and everyone came back satisfied keep doing what you guys do because
 yous are taking #1
OK, Oregon steaks, I thought you'd be awesome
But man, the flavors...you lost them
Somewhere along the way, think you banked on your whiz
Hopefully at least your soda got some fiz

OK, first time philly cheesesteak customer, long time admirer.  But this place left much to be desired.  Heard there's better, but man, it just wasn't flavorful.  Got the cheesesteak with whiz and man, I was a little disappointed.  Place opens late, and I guess that's a plus.  But yeah, maybe I had too much expectations going in...
My friend went home to Philly for the weekend and brought back some cheesesteaks from this place. Flight was from Ft. Lauderdale Florida to Philly. Not a long flight. Amazingly the sub was actually still kinda warm!

It looked so sinfully delicious and the smell  permeated as soon as they got in the car. It was soft and delicious, a little sweet. A really good tasting sub with loaded meat and cheese. I really liked it.
Best cheese fries in the world. And I mean it. 
Now I'm not a big cheese fries water, but these are perfect.  They are always good, no matter what time of day.  
They do take a while to get your order out but to me, that's not a bad thing because they are at least making them fresh for you. 
It's something about the cheese.  Mm, I need to take an early lunch break and get some.  These fries are too too good. 
Go!
I have a deep love for cheesesteaks and consider myself an aficionado on this Philly staple, so when I tried Oregon Steaks for the first time, I was underwhelmed.

To start, with nobody else in line at 9pm, it took about 15 minutes to give me one "wiz wit" and an order of cheese fries. I also had to remind the employee of my fry order.

The sandwich itself lacked meat and had a dry, chewy texture. It felt more like a bread sandwich. Basically it did nothing to distinguish itself from its competitors.

I would be willing to give Oregon Steaks another shot, but I'm moving out of state soon and would rather have my final cheesesteak at the best place - - John's Roast Pork.
Best cheese steaks in S. Philly. This was my second time here and not disappointed! Had whiz wit, delicious rolls and quality meat. They have tables both inside and outside, which is great option on busier nights. Definitely will be back.
Everybody talked about Pat's & Geno's..Oregon Steaks is a gem in my book. I ordered a pepper cheese steak (hot & sweet) with mushroom & whiz..YUMMILICIOUS!! The meat was not bland, a lot of flavor & bread was on point..what more can you ask for? They serve more than just cheese steaks & they're open late! Will def be back for sure.
Still not impressed. The slabs are virtually tasteless. Onions are cooked, but aren't caramelized at all, and add no substantial flavor. Whiz comes in and saves the sandwich from being downright bad. 

I had a sample of the 24hr steak shop's offering at the cheesesteak festival and thought it was unimpressive then as well. 

There are too many really wonderful steak shops in the surrounding (10 block) area to waste any time here.
I came here because I wanted to add another cheesesteak place to my list. 

I keep a top ten list of favorite cheesesteaks in Philly. Mainly because I'm a huge geek. But it's fun for me to act like I'm a quasi pseudo expert on this stuff. 

Here's what it comes down to. This is a decent steak. It had enough meat. It wasn't loaded. But it was just enough. I thought the beef flavor was good and fresh. The roll had the right mix of crust and chewy to it. It probably could have used a little more cheese (I'm an American cheese guy). The onions were thick enough and not overdone. 

It's a solid, quality sandwich. 

Nothing about it was overly special to me. As I looked at my list of 10 that I keep in my phone (I know, what a dork), I couldn't put it above any of my top 10. 

But it might have a case for number 11 if that existed. 

Consider it an honorable mention. But it's a high level honorable mention.
Haven't actually dealt with eating there, but, decided to order from there last night as they were accepting deliveries until 1:45. 

Took about an hour which was the Grubhub estimate so no issues there. Cheesesteak, Chicken Cutlet Italian, cheese fries, and chicken fingers came to about $32 before tip. 

I found this to be a little pricey compared to other local takeout for the amount of food delivered, but, they also are serving the Stadium/Entertainment complex in addition to blocks of local bars, including Cookie's right across the street, 24 hours a day . They are a hot commodity. 

Food was overall a great quality, though, and will order again...and perhaps even stop by in the warmer weather.
So bad. So so bad. The meat was flavorless, the roll was small and chewy, and the cheese? How on earth do you serve philly cheesesteaks with "whiz" and not use real cheese whiz? For those who are thinking of trying here as their first experience with an authentic philly cheesesteak, either don't...or know that this is not a true philly cheesesteak. I mean, really? For over $9 you can't even use real whiz? Ew. Do yourself a favor and go to Dalessandro's...it's worth the drive.
On way back to DC googled cheesesteaks in south Philly to avoid going out of our way. Never heard of this place but most of the best restaurants are those that are under the radar. Great bread. Not too soft and not too crusty. Customer service is far better than the other 'famous' places that have dirt bags taking orders. Steak wasn't chopped up, but they run light on the cheese and the sandwiches are smaller than they should be for the price. Huge menu. This was probably a 3.5 star but I rounded up for the good customer service.
Philly,PA
 
I cant believe I forgot to review this place! PROS. : Open Late. Plain steak is okay. This is awesome to find this spot when the other spot down Front & Oregon is closed and you are starving late night!!!!
I asked the biddies here to hide my cheese from my BF in a different bag and they did an excellent job! Cheese was successfully secured and away from the hands of my BF. Ordered delivery and it came pretty quick. We both ordered the chopped cheese steak and it was bomb af, still hot. I think other spots don't evenly spread the cheese the way they do here, so one bite might have cheese and the next is just straight meat. We've ordered here in the past and recommend this joint!!
This place is a couple blocks from me, and I finally tried it today.  This property used to house a steak shop that was dingy and dirty.  I think the property was then sold, and the new owners completely renovated the place to make it  clean, neat and appealing. I was wondering whether the cheese steaks were any good, and I got my answer today. 

I ordered a cheese steak with American cheese and fried onions.  I got a sandwich that was stuffed full of meat.  There was no skimping.  And the meat was tasty, much better than Geno's or Pats.  I need to try some of their other offerings, but I can recommend the cheese steak; it was good.
I've ordered here many many times. It used to be so good I'd say the best in the city the past year it has been absolute trash! I haven't got one order completely right since then! It's ridiculous then on top of it you get a "credit" that you never receive! This place is a joke I don't understand how people can't read anymore it's a shame!
So I was Ubering in Philadelphia and decided to eat at Oregon Steaks. I thought with a building that size they got to be good. So I walk up to the window to order a cheesesteak and french fries and was taken back when they said you have to order the French fries at the other window. So this business has two windows one for cheesesteaks and one for french fries and other stuff, seems stupid to me! Why not order everything in one window, why make me pay two separate transactions? Anyway while they were making my food I asked to you use the rest room. So they opened up the door and let me in and as soon as I walked in the bathroom which was right there, the bathroom was a mess but what really what's disgusting was all the flies in the air. I mean it was a cloud of flies,  I've never seen so many flies in one place in my life. Now this bathroom was in their kitchen so I can imagine the flies on top of of anything that's food. Nevertheless I blocked it out my mind and went to pick up my cheese steak and fries.I thought it was kind of pricey.Almost $14 with a soda! I thought to myself man this got to be good, wrong! So I requested  a side of barbeque sauce which of course they charged me for as if my food wasn't already expensive enough. Whatever I sat down in their tables that they have in front of the business to enjoy my cheesesteak. Opened up the sandwich and couldn't believe my eyes. These people are robbing their customers by putting only half the meet! I mean I rather you charge me $20 but the cheesesteak be packed with meat than you charge me almost 10 which is expensive anyway and then give me more bread than meat. I mean what are these people thinking? I was going to complain to them but I thought I'd give them exactly what they deserve, a big thumbs down and my honest review on yelp!The only bright side was the fries were good. Pretty messed up when your fries outshine your cheesesteak! People don't get fooled by this big white building that makes you think they're the king of cheesesteaks. I'm from South Jersey and our bodegas aka( corner stores often in urban areas)  sell better cheesesteaks then this place!Never again in my life will I stop at this place unless I need a napkin!
My sons & I were coming home from a hockey tournament in North Jersey and we were craving roast pork broccoli rabe and cheesesteaks. No problem, just jump off 95 and Tony Luke's right there! 

Oh, it happened to be Sunday, right after the Phillies game let out. Tony Luke's was mobbed, we did our drive by, not a chance. So, I get on the phone and call my buddy who lives around 9th St., he says Oregon Steaks!! Better sandwiches in the neighborhood!! 

Much to our surprise, these sandwiches were on par with the other tourist attractions. Clean and very friendly service. Tell you what, I won't be standing in line anymore.
beautiful sandwiches. I had the Philly steak with wiz and onions. Capitol. 

FYI: I live in Seattle, so this cheese steak was exceptional for my standards.
We ordered one steak, chicken fingers, & French fries over an hour and a half ago. We are still waiting. When we called to check on our order we were cut off, told all deliveries are out, & then promptly hung up on.

We will never order from here again. Which is disappointing bc they advertise for late night meals. What a waste of time and money.

**after waiting over 2 hours we called grub hub to cancel our order and were told that the man customer service spoke to said he couldn't give an estimate to how long it'd be and hung up on her as well--don't waste your time here**
Excellent philly steak! The bread is so fresh, the meat is high quality & French fries are cooked perfectly! I traditionally go to Pat's, but decided to try something new, and I'm glad I did! Their steak makes Pat's tastes like McDonald's in comparison. It was non greasy and very tasty, I would guess it's top round, that are nice big thin slices.  I would highly recommend! Also it's open 24 hours, takes credit cards, and located in a safe area.
One of my favorite places to order food late night! They deliver 24/7, can't really ask for more than that. Food is better than average and by far the best food you could get to deliver. 

Try the chicken steak, it's much better than the beef IMO
i had a fucking FANTASTIC whiz wit here on monday night. as good as anything else i've had in philly. welcomed addition.
Was hungry late night and took a shot at ordering a burger. I was really surprised at the quality of the burger and the fact they had gotten my order right with specifications requested. My food showed up hot and tasty . They even had enough courtesy to call me to give me other options since they had ran out of the chips I had wanted. I appreciate customer service like this.
Delicious food, friendly people. Just what we needed on this hot day. We got the pepper cheesesteak and the spinach steak.
Some of the best chicken steaks ive ever had & omg the italian hoagie with side of fries which are a must. 
Oh & i just found out they are 24/7 & i work overnight needless to say ill be there 4am looking for dinner!!
Their steaks are actually pretty good if you consider the tourist spots but their staff is terrible and people working their have zero customer service skills. So if you don't mind dealing with that their steaks are actually pretty good.
Don't get turned off by the long line (we stopped by after an Eagles games... bad timing) but the food was definitely worth it. Note to readers: this was my first Philly Cheesesteak so I have no basis for comparison, but the food was awesome. We got the Old Fashioned (shared between 2), fries with ketchup and mustard, and some chilly peppers on the side. I love spicy peppers and this totally hit the spot. The cheesesteak was lush. My partner stood in line for about 20 minutes and there is some outdoor seating, but the place was a little too crowded. We gobbled down the whole thing in the car. 

Pricing: the old-fashioned was $10 which I thought was fair, but $6 for fries and a regular sized drink seemed a bit off.

Would I go back? Yes.
Let me just begin this review with no one in the South Philadelphia area has a Cheese Steak that compares to, Pat's, Geno's or Jim's. 
With that being said, Oregon Steaks is the most over priced, under performing Steak joint in South Philadelphia. 
It is COMPLETELY OVER PRICED! 
No one at this establishment ( and I use that term loosely) cares about Sanitation... no hats, gloves, nothing. 
The treat you with a "who gives a shit" attitude. 
The other day, and I'm not proud of this, I forgot to buy rolls, while passing by, I thought to myself... let me see if they would sell me 2 rolls... they said yes, and then asked me for $4.00! I paid the $4.00 and then promptly thew the rolls on the ground. 
I was asked if I wanted to buy 2 more rolls and just looked at the kid and threw them in the trash can in front of them. 
SAVE YOU MONEY! Pat's, Geno's, Jim's that's all you need.
I eat here all the time you think they would be more courteous but they are the most ignorant people I have ever seen you think they would be grateful but they are not ...  not to mention they have drug addicts working there so that was my last meal there
Honestly I don't do this but fuck this place. Order a steak got that after 5 minutes but then waited an additional 30 minutes for fries. It takes 3:50 seconds to cook fries on oil that is heated to about 375, how does someone wait 30 minutes for fries. I order two, got one order then waited another 20 minutes and got told they weren't ordered at the same time by some goofy looking dickhead who doesn't take orders. Now I'm home heating up my oven to reheat my steak cause I was outside in the cold waiting for fries. Wish I could send this place my doctor bill cause I know I got a cold waiting on them
So I honestly thought this place was going to actually compete with tony Luke's and the other famous steak places locally but man this place is terrible, the meat they use is so cheap and it has pieces of fat in it! Disgusting, and I've tried this place twice so far, thought maybe it was just a one time thing. 2 stars only cuz I kinda of liked their cheese fries, other than that... Blah.
Not really impressed. Small portions on the streaks. Order of fries is 4 bucks and I could count the fries. Got the Texas Tommy to give it a try, ended up with awful indigestion, gas and stomach cramps all night. But, a very interesting crowd of south Philly Weirdos to entertain you.
Yoooo cuz this place is wild. Had a cheesesteak for the first time on New Years after a long drunken night of walking in the parade with family. Being a Pat's girl since I could walk, I was skeptical at first but drunk Jackie died over how good it was. Flashback to last night when I was tipsy after leaving the bar with a few friends and I was like "lets get some steaks from oregon" and of course they killed me again. How can a cheesesteak be so good and simple at the same time? Currently waiting on another delivery from them with my dad because he needs to experience this.

Update: it got his seal of approval
This is my "egg and cheese with the pay extra for added bacon" bagel sandwich. What happened to the cheese? And bacon? Disappointed
The cashier was pretty unsanitary, even though she had gloves on she was touching money, wiping down the table, and scratching her arm with the same gloves on then making sandwiches. That's not clean. Also if you have customers waiting, take down their order first then continue on wrapping sandwiches. Poor management and unsanitary
Their cheesesteaks are very good. The meat is nice and juicy and their prices are very reasonable. Their service is also pretty fast.
We tried this as I recently moved to pennsport, looking for new delivery places in the area, specifically for sandwiches. This is definitely not 4 stars worthy! The chicken in the sandwich we ordered felt like rubber and the cheesesteak was terrible. The cheese fries and broccoli bites were the best part of the order, but I have had way better cheese fries than these in Philadelphia.
In my humble opinion, they cut their steak too thickly.  It should be thin enough that it tears away with the bread when you chomp in.  Still, it's a legit Philly cheesesteak.
If you're an of towner and you're looking for a true hoagie.  This is the place to go!
I came to Oregon Steaks with my boyfriend just a few nights ago. We were hungry and cranky because we had moving all day. It was late and we didn't want to waste any time finding a good sit-down place to eat. We figured, how bad could it be, right? The answer: awful. The fried ravioli (which are a total guilty pleasure of mine, and I definitely recommend trying them--just not here) made me so sick to my stomach I could barely finish 3 of them and his steak was, as he said, like "dog food vomit." The lady taking orders at the steak window was very sweet, but the guy working at the sides window was a total prick. The place was also teeming with the scum of South Philly and everyone that sat down next to me was blowing smoke on me and my food. While I expect this from the tourist traps that are Pat's & Geno's, I don't want it happening at a place that is so much less crowded and has so much more seating. Smoking a cig at another table wouldn't have been difficult. There were plenty to choose from.
I'm tired of this place being left out out of all the "best cheesesteak" discussions. Oregon's Steak's and Phil's are the two most overlooked joints in the city. They are as good as anyone and definitely better than Pat's/Geno's/Jim's/John's, etc. They understand that the meat should be chopped lightly but NEVER shredded, and they understand that long hots are a necessary ingredient and must be available.
Tried out Oregon steaks for a new cheesesteak place. I had a chicken sandwich and my friend had a cheesesteak hoagie. The cheesesteak is not chopped up similar to Geno's. It was okay the chicken sandwich was a little too salty. 

This place has a more local feel than some of the other more well known cheesesteak places in the area. They have a nice outdoor seating area and parking is not bad. I prefer john's or tony Luke's but this place wasn't bad either.
These steaks were great!  Got two before boarding our flights out of Philly.  Ate one on the flight when it was still warm.  At the other in Minnesota during our layover and it was great cold!  Good job Oregon!
I had been to the usual rude-tourist trap cheesesteak places in Philly, but a friend form PA told me to go to Oregon for a "real philly cheesesteak." It was an awesome experience. My girlfriend and I were a little skeptical about ordering cheese wiz on ours but we did and it was wonderful. It was a euphoric experience, and we'll definitely be back soon.  The people who work there are kind and welcoming It was one of the best experiences I've had eating out.
Honestly, with today being the Mummers Parade and this place being the new guy in a city of chesesteaks on every corner, a little more love could have been added. The meat had good flavor and was tender but was cold and undercooked. The sandwich in all was very skimpy compared to the other cheese steaks in town.  I think more attention needs to be put towards quality of the final product of the sandwich...and maybe smile at ur new customers!
The food is usually good. Unfortunately if you order delivery you have to wait more than two hours to get your food, with a chance of not getting it at all. 

Placed a order via grub-hub last night at 10:59 PM with estimated delivery being between 12:15 AM and 12:25 AM. At 1:30 AM I called them to see if the food would be delivered soon. The man on the phone so they were really backed up with orders and it should be there in a couple minutes. At 2:30 AM I decided just cancel the order with GrubHub. 

I completely understand being busy but waiting three hours for food is unacceptable.

If I ever order from Oregon steaks again I will be sure to drive there and pick up my food. Food is good service is awful but I guess that's what you get when you order from a place that's  open 24 hours and you place the order after 9 PM on a Tuesday.
I only go when I've had too much to drink and I don't know any better.Steak is dry, fries are bland never seasoned. Chicken fingers are overcooked, very tough. Chicken cheese steak wasn't bad though.
Below average cheese steak.  Light on the meat and not much flavor.  So many better spots in the area, I wont be back.
They always forget the sauce for the chicken fingers.  Nothing like some dry breaded chicken without any sauce to help it out a little
Had the Steak and Broccoli rabe with bacon and sharp provolone! The wife had The chicken pizza Awesome! Got a couple Hoagies for later tonight. Had it delivered to our Semi through Yelp. Service was good and food was Delicious!
Was in town for a concert at Lincoln Financial.  The traffic out was horrendous we were directed out of our way through South Philly....Thank God for that!  Without that little frustration, we would've never stumbled upon this place!  Open late, nice seating outside...and the food was incredible.  Had a cheesesteak whiz with onions.  Simply great! Along with some cheese fries and a cherry coke...honestly, doesn't get much better than that.  Great place, so happy we ran into it!
This place is just awesome. Great staff and great food! You can't go wrong with onion rings! (Which btw are THE BEST) I haven't had a bad experience here. My go to spot.
Tonight we decided to order some food from a different place and ordered from Oregon Steaks. HUGE MISTAKE. Both the cheese steak and meatball sandwich were HORRIBLE. Not to mention, we trashed the food. Not sure how these people get 4 stars. Maybe it's their employees writing reviews or folks who don't know anything about good food. Don't waste your money.
It's alright for a late night bite but for the price the cheese steaks are too d@*m small. Tastes like if not worst than all the other steak places in the area
We picked up cheesesteaks from this place and they were so tasty.  Not greasy.   Service was quick and we were able to park on the corner.  We will definitely be back to try other menu items
This is the best Cheese Steak I've tasted in Philly and I've been visiting for years! Yes, there's the typical tourist traps like Pat's, Geno's, Jim's, Tony Luke's, Steve's etc but these guys are outstanding! 

They're in South Philly near the sports complexes and close to the venue and my hotel and they also deliver if needed. They're at the corner of Oregon & 10th ave. I went up to the window and ordered my "One Wiz Wit" and proceeded inside to sit down. 

Now mind you, I showed up in a Jim's Steaks (competitor) t-shirt that I've had for years and just happened to be wearing it today. I meant no disrespect to these guys at all. but nobody said a word about it anyway. 

Got my steak and jumped in head first! The place is super clean and refreshingly new as they've only been at it for about 3 years. The combination of meat, cheese, onion & fresh bread was the best in all of Philly! 

So, back to the competitors t-shirt....Little did I know, seated right next to me, playing a game of cards with his pal, in true South Philly style, was the owner Mark who heard me say, "I'll change my shirt right now if they have one for sale!"  Thats how impressed i was with the food. 

After we met and shook hands, he offered to go get a few shirts at his nearby office for myself and my friend. By the time our meal was over, a nice gentlemen had gone and brought back two shirts for us at no charge!!!

I'll definitely be coming back to "Oregon Steaks again and again when I'm on tour in Philly and I highly recommend them to anyone visiting as well.
One of the Best Cheesesteaks in Philly. You can order it chopped or whole. I get Wiz Wit chopped all the time.
I had a chicken cheese steak hoagie and also ordered a sausage egg and cheese breakfast sandwich. I hadn't been to Philly in a while and was really craving some yummy food! I wasn't disappointed.
Ehh. It was average in my opinion.  The fried jalapeño poppers are pretty good.  I got a steak with whiz and hot peppers.  The meat seemed a bit lacking in flavor but with everything else on it, it tasted pretty good.
I see some of the ratings below and I don't understand how this place is getting some low ratings? Apparently these people must not be originally from south Philly or just don't know what a cheesesteak is. This place is by far one of the best cheesesteak places this city's had in a long time. I'm from south Philly born and raised of 36 years, and this sandwich is incredible. The workers are very friendly and will hold a conversation with you. This place to me is awesome.
Odd set up when u go there to order.  One window is sandwiches and another is fries and drinks.   U order at separate windows and pay at separate windows.  Why can't they have one window for ordering ALL things and one for picking up an ENTIRE order?  To make matters worse the signage explaining their parochial school style of lines and ordering rules is NOT visible.  The staff is not helpful just annoyed when u try to order a drink in the sandwich line.  Steaks are fair...chicken steak meat taste very cheap however the rolls are good. If u went to catholic school, its worth the trip, for the giggles u will get, from feeling like ur back in third grade and ur homeroom nun is so angry that ur in the wrong line for the MAY procession!
Try it! It's totally worth it. You are getting the same if not better quality cheese steak minus the hectic environment. This place is super clean and the staff is very nice. I've had the other "famous" cheesesteaks in Philly. My suggestion is if you have to pass by Oregon to get to your final cheesesteak destination just go to Oregon! You will be totally satisfied because it's totally delicious.
I can only speak on the cheese fries and the panzarotti but both are delicious. They offer delivery, pick up or ordering on site. I never used delivery but I have done pick up and I was told that it would be within the next 60 minutes and immediately got an email that it would take less than 15. Their cheese fries were good but their panzarottis are florida style and that is amazing. We have ordered from there multiple times and each time is just as delicious as the last.
They started putting their fries in a cardboard box for delivery, worse idea for any takeout place. Cardboard absorbs moisture, makes everything soggy. Usually have good food from here, very disappointed- loved my cheese fries in a bag.
Ordered Oregon steak on grub hub. A bacon cheese burger and fries at around 12pm. It's 2am right now and I'm still waiting for the food! Tried to cancel it and they said its on its way already. Been here couple times so I'm pretty disappointed. Hope my food won't be cold at least. Beware on ordering from grub hub here everyone!
Thought I go here to see what people's hub bub is about this place, and it was an okay experience. Went here to order a chicken cheesteak and fries for dinner since I was starving. The staff was friendly enough, but the place seemed highly unorganized. The staff seemed to be confused who gets what order and were not sure what goes on to what sandwich. When I got my steak sandwich, it was decent for what I got. I might come back here if I need some late night food after an evening of drinking.
Although the food was here fast my roast beef sandwich was dry and the bread was soggy they forgot my fried onions The roast beef was tasteless I had to add my own seasoning to even eat it the broccoli bites for the best thing of that whatever I got a roast pork sandwich soggy and warm chicken cheesesteak was stringy The bread was spongy and either they forgot to put the honey mustard on it or just did not use enough had to add my own and seasonings was so bland The food was completely overpriced and I feel for $31 the food should been way better I just figured order from here because it was open but it was a big disappointment ....
Looking at Google for a place near where I was for a Philly cheesesteak. First place was closed. Out of business. Second was this one. I am glad we found it! Super delicious!
First off I would like to say the food is good. But I've specifically asked for the delivery driver to call before he gets here. Considering I have a father who just had open heart surgery and can frighten easily at 1am and also a dog who will try protect his house from unfamiliar people causing more of a ruckus. I wish the man would have read the instructions that were clearly printed on the paper! As far as that goes I'm happy with the quality of the food, but very annoyed and worried about ordering again from a place that cannot follow simple directions! I understand a mistake is a mistake, but don't have the special instruction box if you aren't going to follow the instructions.
Everybody talks about this place. I had to see it for myself. Ordered on the phone for a pickup. Receptionist was prompt and polite. Didn't have to repeat myself. Place was clean. Picked up my steak. And it was soooooooo gooooooood. Won me over.  Anytime you in south philly, Oregon steaks is the way to go. 

Man this cheesesteak so good.
I've been here twice at 4 am in the morning. Very friendly and quick service. I'm not a very big fan of over chopped up cheesesteaks and this is my place of choice.  The cheesesteaks here are addicting for the most part.
The cheeseburgers are greasy goodness. Located on a corner outside where you get the city feel with honking cars and cursing crazies for pure entertainment. Removing a star because the staff are not friendly.
This is my favorite burger spot ever!! I barley like burgers but once I had this spot, I order at least once a week. The food always hits the spot and the drivers are always nice when they deliver to me. They follow all the instructions that I put for my food.
Would you like an order of COVID on your sandwich?? I stopped here a few days ago to grab a cheesesteak. Not my usual food choice, but I was craving one and this place is convenient. I watched the guy take my money wearing gloves. He then hands me my change and immediately goes back to handling sandwiches and food without changing his gloves. At this point he told me to get away from the window, even though no one else was waiting. I think he didn't want me to see how bad the health code violations are. In the middle of a global pandemic, I can't fathom how they think it's okay to handle money, which is the filthiest thing ever, and then start handling food. I was so disgusted that I left without picking up the cheesesteak. There was no way I was eating food from this place after that.
This is my go-to spot for burgers! Simple & delicious & very fair prices! My only suggestion is to ask for any condiments i.e. ketchup,  mustard, etc. Overall, always hits the spot when you're in the mood for a burger!
Oregon steak is a solid contender for the best cheesesteak in South Philadelphia they have the best food here of a variety of different sandwiches they are super nice and they have a lot of diverse menu items.
If you like sliced cheese steaks original style, and not chopped, their standard cheesesteaks are excellent I would recommend the pizza steak or the provolone wit.
The roast beef sandwiches killer, the rolls are nice bread and add good flavor, and everything here has been delightful and reliable.
I believe it is a 24/7 establishment which with such good food and such great availability makes it five stars not to mention how nice they are here and efficient.
Love this place!!! I've been here at all hours and it doesn't matter what time of day I come here it's always delicious
Horrible 
Did not follow instructions 
Ordered toasted sesame roll 
Cheesesteak with witz and fried onions
Paid extra for cheese and mushrooms
Also paid for hot peppers asked for put them on a side they never did any of my extra charges but put all peppers inside of roll and it went into horrible tasteless thing 
Asked for salt and pepper got nothing
Beef was chewy and tasteless reminded me old gum
Just horrible
Also ordered cheese extra cheese fries got looks like someone puke in fries and someone stick fork in it
No ketchup no mayo as I requested nothing
Not even napkins
Also extremely rude driver 
Never again
And I spend 37 dollars including 8 dollar for delivery 
Place should be pay attention to details and make better sandwiches
Usually I'd give 5 stars but you can't just fucking put onions on someone's sandwich when they clearly didn't ask for them. I personally wouldn't mind, but for others it can be the difference between starving or not. People have allergies. Call back. Ask questions. Don't just assume. #getittogether
Ive only ever had the burger not a cheesesteak hence the 3 stars however the burger was always tasty/juicy along with the fries.

New venue, Clean spot, friendly staff. Better than genos, pats, and tony lukes if you ask me.
Well, I never thought I say this but; the quality of the food went way down south since I have last been here.  The meat seemed much different, almost like a lower quality.  I think they over cooked the steaks as well.
First experience eating a cheesesteak and also ordered a meatball sandwich. Both went above and beyond any expectation I had. Delicious. A bonus..A Marky Mark lookalike was at the cash register. Helllllo ;)
Another extremely disappointing cheesesteak place in Philly.  Me and my friend decided to try the place out at 1 am in the morning since we have not had any good cheesesteak experiences yet in the city..smh.  So we checked out the reviews for the place and said "why not it looks like people dig this spot".  
So we enter and everyone is extremely warm and inviting.  They are making small talk with us, asking the usually where are you from, why are you in town and what other cheesesteak spots have you hit.  We are fully engaged in the conversation and hear one of the cooks say, "we have the best ones in the city I will make yours right big man".  Mind you I went over a list of reason's why I didn't enjoy Geno's..Pat's and a couple of others in front of this guy so I figured he would have went opposite of what I complained about with the other spots.  Well you guessed it..NOPE..he did the same exact thing...sandwich was super dry even though I asked for extra mayo..the meat was barely seasoned which I asked for salt and pepper and the meat itself was the size of deli meat and not sliced and shredded like a real cheesesteak should be.  
We were so disappointed since they were by far the best service and personality shop we encountered our whole trip...smh.
Used to like this place, cheesesteaks are like dipped in grease it's terrible. I'll never order from this place again. Do yourself a favor and go get a cheesesteak from angelos or the pork shack.
Located in South Philly, this place is 24/7. Came here at 2am and there were all walks of people eating and ordering.

Ordered the plain steak. It had a decent amount of meat and cooked well. Just enough grease to make it all come together. Bread is absolutely perfect for a steak sandwich. Was soft but had a small bite to it.

Take off a star because the guy taking the orders and money also grabs and preps the bread for the grill cook. I guess maybe that's the charm of South Philly. Shrug.
I had been here once before many years ago and I decided to stop in as I was the area.  I love how they keep the meat in large pieces (most cut it up into small pieces as the meat cooks). I asked for a mushroom cheesesteak with American cheese and fried onions. I wish there was more meat in the sandwich. It immediately looked a bit flat. It was flavorful, however, as the meat was juicy and the flavor of the fried onions was present all throughout. The bread was perfectly soft and chewy the way I prefer it to be. 

I would come here again as I know I could get my cheesesteak fix at a convenient location.
Ordered on GrubHub on a Saturday night. Food arrived later than expected and wasn't very hot when it arrived. I ordered two roast pork with sharp provolone sandwiches, jalapeño poppers and onion rings. The roast pork sandwiches were a little dry and under seasoned but the sharp provolone was perfect. The onion rings were a little underdone for my liking and far and away the jalapeño poppers were the star of my meal. I would order again if there was no other place open.
Please save your money and don't order from this place even if it's the only place open at the time you want to eat tonight my daughter ordered french fries with honey mustard dressing and a pizza roll we live 10 doors away from this restaurant and it took 49 minutes to be delivered now you might say to yourself why didn't you just go pick it up but she's 15 years old and it was late when I called the restaurant to ask where the order was the girl on the phone said that they were busy and that my order was just being made and miraculously 30 seconds later the delivery arrived at my door ice cold 
This place is a sham and a disgrace like I said when I first started this review save your money the food isn't good and the service is even worse they are way too busy talking on their cell phones and taking care of people
Got the chicken fingers, chicken parm, and tuna hoagie. Everything was delicious. Will be coming back
