Full disclosure, I am currently President of Friends of Orianna Hill Park the non-profit that maintains the park. The park which includes a picnic area, community garden and a dog run- is free and open to the public. We are reworking our website to reflect this. Orientation is also being changed and being held more frequently.

We depend entirely on donations and the good will of the community. Thank everyone for their time and patience.
Yes this a "members" dog park but the $50 annual fee helps to maintain it.  The park is not owned by the city but has its own board of directors that oversees the operation of the park.  The annual feel paid by the members of the park as well as time that some of the members volunteer is what helps keep the park running.

The park is completely fenced in, there's always fresh wood chips, water is readily available for the dogs with a functioning spigot, double gates for entering and exiting and there's always toys and tennis balls around.

It's convenient for me to go because it's in my neighborhood but people come from all over the city to go to this park.  And as mentioned in another review there is no problem in bringing a couple adult beverage to enjoy while your dog runs around having a good time.
We joined this park last year when we got a puppy because it's the biggest fenced in one nearby and pretty close.

We have had very mixed experiences here, mostly based on the other dogs--and more--because of their owners. Many owners are not engaged and take the laissez faire attitude even if their dog is a bully or a humper.

You are supposed to be a member and pay dues to bring your dog here. No one checks so I'm not sure that's the case. Even so, there is no meet-and-greet with the dogs that become members, so as long as you pay your annual dues, even those dogs who shouldn't be off leash with other dogs are allowed. 

It gets muddy as it's a wood chip and dirt park, so as long as it's dry, and has been for a few days, you're good. Otherwise, skip it.

Overall I'd advise to bring your dog here only if you're willing to pay close attention to what he/she does, and be willing to take him/her home (within a few minutes) if the pack isn't behaving well.
I've been going to this dog park on and off for a few years.  I didn't realize they were a members only park until they recently put the big red signs up on the gates.  I felt kind of bad, I definitely would have joined earlier had I known.

However, we just moved a couple blocks away from the park so this was a good time to join anyway.  By far this is the best kept dog park in the city.  It doesn't have the dingy, dirty look a lot of the parks get.  There are beautiful trees, nice gates and well maintained wood chips.

My dogs love it and we haven't had many problems with other dogs.  Most of the pup parents are pretty good about the dog park etiquette.

The running water is a huge plus, and the fact that there's a lot of shade and seating.  Well worth the $50 a year.
I'm a member and I don't like going here.  The people are snobby and if you have a real job you are an outcast.
Orianna is a very unique dog park in that it's kept up well with lots of space. Hard to find this much open, free space (more or less) in NoLibs. Would be a sad day when some real estate developers buy up this land and turn it into industrial lofts. People who come here are pretty cool. They're friendly and tend to chat and drink beers after work. Love taking our dog here 97% of the time. The other 3% of the time it's not enjoyable when certain dog owners condone bad doggy behaviors. Like people, dogs have all sorts of personalities, and I guess that's just something we all have to deal with.
One of the huge reasons that I even moved to Northern Liberties was because of this park, so my doggie would have a space to freely run around, since there aren't many dog parks in the city (and especially within walking distance). The park itself is pretty great - well maintained, available water, lots of mulch, lights at night. I just wish some of the dog owners that came here were a little more responsible for their pets, though. The rules clearly state that you can't bring an un-neutered dog here, and I've seen several of them now, each of which has tried to ferociously hump my tiny 10 lb. dog, all while the owners either don't care and don't help, or just ignore it all together because they're too busy doing whatever else. Not cool. Other than those occasional mishaps, all other members (and their dogs) seem friendly and responsibly monitor their dogs while in the park.
This is one of the best dog parks I've been to in a city and is a great park for all the dog owners in NoLibs! I took our 5 month old golden retriever here at various times during the day (8-10am, 12, and 3pm) and primarily found friendly dogs and dog owners! There were a couple of occasions where I thought the dog was too aggressive to be at a dog park and one occasion where an owner pushed my dog and I was not too happy. That being said for those 2-3 bad experiences I had 20+ great experiences with really friendly owners who genuinely love their dog and wanted to get them outdoors. I found the park to be overall very clean and that owners respect the park and pick up their dogs poop. I would say that before 8am and after 5pm gets pretty crowded so I would avoid those peak times if you can as anything more than 10 dogs is a bit too much!
I go to this park regularly, and my dog loves it.  The board and a lot of the members band together to keep everything in good shape, and it's a really nice space.  

Sure, there's some people/dogs that shouldn't be there, and you can't really make them leave, but for the most part, this is a great place to bring your dog if he/she is friendly.  It's okay to drink here, making this an oft visited happy hour spot for me and Crosby, my husky-pit mix, in the summer.

Membership for the park is $50 a year, which if you're visiting often, I find pretty reasonable.
Short version: membership dues, running water, plenty of open space, shade, dirt and wood chips so it could get muddy if it has been wet recently.

Had a great time here the other day just relaxing really. There were plenty of other dogs coming in and out and everyone and their dogs seemed friendly.
I don't like the fact that is all dirt! No grass area at all. You'd expect a nicer park considering it's location. I was disappointed
Nice place for your dog to run and play with other dogs. BUT the owners are all too often preoccupied with their phones and do not watch that their dog is pooping or causing problems.
