I don't have a creative bone in my body, and I was skeptical that our group of ten would actually produce decent paintings, but boy was I wrong!

Olan was a great teacher - funny, encouraging, and always willing to assist. All of our paintings turned out pretty darn good, and at the end of the session he took like 9 pictures of us with each of our cameras. He was such a good sport!!

Overall this was a great day. We brought stuff for mimosas and we had plenty of snack foods, and it was great to just hang out, paint, eat, and drink.

There is a parking lot (15 bucks) right next door to this place, so it was super easy to get to. I highly recommend this if you are looking for a great group activity.

PS they also have a wine opener mounted to their front desk, and it is awesome and powerful.
Tacky reservation policy.
Ive been trying to book a party for over a week. I sent several emails and i didnt get a return call, just returned emails that didnt quite address my request. After chasing someone down to get a reservation i finally talked to someone named Pat. Someone named Cassie sent me a contract and told me they would book my reservation once the contract was signed with my credit card info. I talked to Pat the next day and i told her i was submitting the info as soon as i got off the phone. 10 minutes after i submitted the information Pat emailed me and told me it was booked THE DAY BEFORE. Why would she not tell me the slot was booked when i talked to her on the phone before i gave her sensitive financial information? Seemed to me that Pat wasnt trying to accommodate me at all. Im taking my $800 elsewhere.
I actually did Painting with a Twist two nights in a row this past weekend and had a blast!  The second night was at this particular location and we were doing the Starry Night Philly picture.  This picture was a little more involved than I originally expected, but the instructor went really slow and walked us all through it step-by-step.  They also had another employee walking around to give out extra paint and help those who needed it.  My piece came out vastly different from what it was supposed to look like, but I was still pretty impressed.  Seeing everyone's variations from the original was really cool.

As other reviews have mentioned, PWAT is BYOB and will supply the cups.  If you want ice, make sure that you bring it with you!

I'll definitely be doing this again!
This was my 3rd time, but my first at this location. Similar to other locations, the space is very tight. You can tell they want to maximize their occupancy. BUT everything else was great! The teacher and her assistant, I can't remember their names, were awesome! Don't worry if you're a terrible painter, they go step by step. Our painting was abstract, so imagine that and a bottle of wine lol. Also, I met so many people, everyone was really friendly-- I even got invited to drinks with some ladies celebrating a birthday. If you want a fun, semi messy night, this is the perfect place to come!
I have visited this (Center City) and the Jenkintown location of Painting with a Twist and had a great experience with both.  Firstly, the concept is just phenomenal. There's an instructor to take you step-by-step through creating a work of art you will be proud to hang in your home AND you get to bring wine and snacks to enjoy through the process!  You can't go wrong!  The staff at both locations were friendly, knowledgable, and entertaining. Absolutely no one who has accompanied me to PWAT considers themselves a skilled artist by any means, but by the end of the night we all felt like masters thanks to the guidance and encouragement of the staff.  Friends and family I have painted with agree that painting at PWAT is a ton of fun and all would return to paint again. I am sure I will be filling up my loyalty card in no time!
I had a wonderful time ! I celebrated my 25th birthday here with 4 girlfiends. It was everyone's first time painting with a twist and we thoroughly enjoyed our experience. The staff was very friendly and helpful and the atmosphere was very light and cheerful. 

My friends brought me a cake and it was another customer's birthday as well (they had a cookie cake) and the staff had everyone sing to us which was very sweet. 

We'll definitely be back.
So MUCH fun. Went for GNO and we had a fabulous time. Olan our instructor and assistants were thebomb.com. The atmosphere as upbeat and the music in the background got my creative juices flowing. I absolutely loved this place!
Fun for a date and very interesting ! Def something different to do vs. hitting up a bar or restaurant. I also like how its BYOB so I can save some $$$

I felt like the instructor rushed though the class a bit which I didn't really like.  All in all, I recommend this for a date, girls night out or just to paint by yourself.  A lot of fun !
I had so much fun. I'm even inquired about having a birthday party there. 

My instructor was Bryan and Zilla. 

Listen! The only reason they don't get a 5/5 is because I emailed fist and DM on IG and didnt get an answer.  I called though and the answer to my question is NO, they don't have a bar. It's byob. It doesn't specify online since they're a chain. 

This place was nice. From the minute I walked in, till the minute I walked out I felt welcome. I'm going back. I love that place.
