I would give this travel agency less than one star or even zero, but there is no option for that here.

I contacted Palace Travel a few months ago to arrange flights for a trip to Africa for myself and two friends.

Everything went smoothly at first until we noticed about a month before we left that our reservations were not showing up on the airlines' respective websites (Delta and Royal Air Maroc, which codeshare).

Thus ensued a flurry of emails and phone calls to straighten out the situation including several inadequate explanations from MARY, the manager and DAN, who helped us with our original reservation.

After no less than a half dozen iterations, each reflecting a schedule from our original itineraries, we thought our reservations were corrected and embarked on our journey. Along the way we were also given conflicting explanations for changes in our connecting flights including once being told in writing that we could not have less than two hours between a domestic and international flight and another time being told that a less than one hour connection to an international flight was perfectly fine. Clearly someone was not being truthful. I suspect they never submitted the original itineraries when we purchased them and then had to scramble to make it work. But that is just speculation. Back to the facts...

The trouble continued when one of us arrived to check in for her outgoing flight from the US. She was delayed at check in for almost an hour while the agent searched for her reservation. 

The worst error was when I arrived at the airport for my flight home from Morocco. I did not have a ticket in their system. Instead, I had a ticket for an itinerary that showed one of the incorrect versions they had booked at a prior point during the back and forth. I was asked to pay EUR 150 to board the plane to get back home to the US.

When I called MARY on Monday she agreed to pay the fee but was completely uninterested in hearing me express my disappointment in their poor level of service. She was short with me, cut me off, and used a very condescending tone even as she said the words, "I'm sorry.". She also did not offer any compensation for our trouble. So, not only did they get it wrong several times, they were also quite rude and demonstrated a total lack of customer service.

I would NEVER EVER recommend this travel agent to a friend and will not use them in the future. Be warned that they are excessively incompetent and insufferably rude.
This is the worst travel agency ever! Don't use!
 
They deserve negative 10 stars! I have traveled all over the world and this agency is the worse. Promised a lot but didn't deliver. Got my tickets messed up and the sales rep didn't really know what tour package she was selling. Got to my destination and didn't get anything that was promised. Miserable. Very low accommodations but they charged a lot. This agency needs to be reported to authorities because they RIP people off!
I booked a trip to Senegal and Gambia for March. The itinerary was well planned and the guide in Senegal was exceptional. I especially liked my hotel in Dakar, which was in a great location.  I needed flexibility in my schedule and was glad to be accommodated. I think this agency strives to provide good customer service and is open and appreciative of feedback. Check out their newly designed Web site which describes the many trips to Africa that are offered.
I wish I had read the reviews prior to making arrangements with Palace Travel last year.  I made arrangements to go go Senegal and South Africa.  I was under the impression the trip was with a church group from D.C. I had taken out travel insurance and was ready to make the last payment 2 months out from the travel date.  My travel companion was not able to go due to a family emergency.  She had to cancel her arrangements.  I was still going to travel with the arrangements made but expected to pay the solo price.  I found out at that time the church group that was originally planned for this trip was no longer going.  So the trip would have been for just me and my travel companion.  I was not willing to go on this trip alone.  I needed to cancel the trip. The travel agency held on to my money for 2 months before they issued a refund. This was with a credit card.  The refund was not a full refund.  I lost $900.00 by canceling this trip.  This does not include the $500.00 in immunization shots I received preparing for the trip.  Needless to say, this was not a good experience for me.  The agent (Mary) basically told me they had to pay for many of the arrangements they made including my airfare.  I can't imagine much was really paid for 2 months prior to the trip.  I have no intention on using this agency again.  I may have been more disappointed had I taken the trip.  I plan to contact the BBB as well.  This should not be common practice.  I have traveled many places and used many agencies. None have been as seedy as this one. Very disappointed.
I took my sons and I on a trip to Ghana. Khumasi, Accra, and cape coast tour. Our tour was what is called Sankofa- getting back to your roots. We had the best time ever. We were greeted at the airport with our own personal driver and tour guide. Richard and Sam were their names. By the time our 10 days ended they were like family. Palace tours did a great job not sure about these older reviews I'm glad I didnt see them before we went. Because I would have missed out on a great opportunity.Honestly we had no problems resorts were nice. Good food options, we stayed at nice places. Everything was taken care of we just had to show up. I'm only writing this review because we took the trip march 2017. I want to plan a new trip and looked up palace travel and saw a bad review and had to let it be known that it wasnt the case with us by any stretch. I look forward to doing business with Palace in the future.
