Leo and I used to frequent this dog park often when he was a puppy, but there weren't double gates and I had a close call once with him so we stayed away for a while. 

When I heard they installed a second gate, I took my pup back to check it out. What a world of difference (in terms of safety). Thank you to whoever installed the gate, it is much appreciated and was much needed.

Now I feel safe and comfortable bringing Leo to Palmer Doggie Depot and he loves it too.. especially sniffing all the other dogs butts. Seriously, my dog is a butt sniffer. 

I hear they're working on fundraising to install some running water here soon, that would be great! In the mean time, remember to bring  some water for the pups.
Great park in the neighborhood. Almost always at least one dog for our pup to play with. Lots of space for running around. Addition of the safety gate and extra seating for the owners were a huge plus. Cons: no shade, no water source (make sure to bring some with you), and some inattentive owners (have seen multiple scuffles between dogs with little intervention by the owner - we survey the park some days when lots of dogs are present to be safe).
My pupster and I thoroughly enjoyed Palmer dog park. It's always nice to have a place for your dog to run and play safely in the middle of the city. This park has a few nice features that set it apart from others I've seen.  As mentioned by other yelpers, the double gate is very effective in keeping the pups safe with all the comings and goings.  The park is pretty long so my pup could really stretch his little legs.  Although there isn't a dedicated area for small dogs, my little guy had lots of fun mixing it up with the bigger dogs. Little dogs are usually dicks anyway so that's probably for the best. 
Speaking of dicks, hipsters really take their dog parking seriously. Most were nice but there was one not so pleasant dog toting hipster. My sister brought her mastiff into the park and kept her on a leash for five minutes until she got the lay of the land. We were informed by a self righteous hipster that other dogs get upset when they see a dog on a leash in the park (I guess she is some sort of dog whisperer) and now because of that her and her dog had to leave, and off she went. Whatever, bye Felicia. 
But yeah. Other than Felicia it was a nice time and my Claudio and I will return.
They have water now, gets shut off in winter though, and a double gate. Considerably better experience it's come a long way.  I will say that the neighborhood has a lot of YPMs (younger people with money) who aren't the most attentive dog owners. I.E. looking at their phones and not noticing their dig took a huge shit that they don't pick up. A lot of well meaning people who bring puppies that are too young, dogs that aren't fixed, or aggressive dogs, and then act wholly surprised that something bad happened without realizing the solution is serious training or not bringing a dog to a park at the busiest time when there can be 25 plus dogs in too small of a park for that crowd.
It's a great dog park for the neighborhood but it still has a ways to go to really be excellent. They are getting the fourth star for putting in the vestibule safety gate but there is still no shade and more importantly no water. So be advised if you are going on the summer bring some water with you.
