Diggin' the beautiful Azalea Gardens located at the base of the PMA (Philadelphia Museum Of Art) as the Parks On Tap (traveling family-friendly beer garden) opening location of 2018! 

It's beautiful, super easy to access, and goes hand in hand with a jog or stroll on Kelly Drive or a visit to the museum. 

Like always, Parks On Tap is both kid and pup friendly! There are games such as corn hole and badminton at this location. I would suggest maybe bringing a small game such as Spot It or Jenga, maybe even a soft ball to kick around for more wiggly kids. 

New this year: 

Signing up for your FREE membership online at Parks On Tap and saving time in line. (Screen shot the page to show if your go to more than one location) 

Even more parks, 23 to be exact reaching new areas! 

Brunch! Say what?! Add a poached egg to any sammy and pastries. 

The food options are extra plentiful this year and yes, everyone's favorite, the smoker is back!

I tasted a veggie Bahn Mi which is a vegan friendly menu item on some delicious bread by Lost Bread. Yum! 

I also sampled some hand cut chips which were awesome. 

There's a pretzel shortbread everyone was raving about also! Try it!! 

For drinks I went with a hard cherry cider from Sir Charles and the Alex's Wheat a partnership with Alex's Lemonade and Sly Fox in honor of what would have been Alex's 21 birthday. I'm not normally a fan of cider and this was outstanding! The lemonade was light and super refreshing. Perfect for a warm day in the sun. 

I also split a whiskey and root-beer which was wonderful. Thick rich root beer taste and not a strong whiskey taste. Just the way I wanted. 

Bar staff was awesome! 

Free parking!
Cute outdoor spot by the Art Museum? Check.
Decent selection of drinks (for a popup)? Check.
Food options that are good for a variety of eaters? Check.

I won't say the Azalea Gardens' Park's on Tap has everything.  However, it checks more than just the minimums in my mind. Even prices aren't truly outrageous and at least we know they go to a good cause. 

The check-in process can be a bit of a hassle (vs just walking in).  Limited seating can be an issue on busy days.  And unfortunately, being outdoor by definition exposes you to risk of bad weather.  Even all those together I didn't see a reason to dock major points.

Overall, worth a trip or two (imo).
Average, expensive food and drinks in a slightly crowded outdoor space. Lots of mosquitos depending on the humidity, but dogs are allowed in and there are big tables for group.
In the city, there are lots of options for socially distant drinks, but I think Parks on Tap is one of the best! Prior to arriving, you complete an online survey with your name and contact information for contact tracing. You must wear a mask when checking in, ordering, and walking around, but once you are seated, you can take off your mask. They have food trucks with small bites and an impressive list of local drafts. They have picnic tables, lawn chairs, and grassy places for seating. While the sun is still shining, you get an excellent view of the Schuylkill River. After the sun sets, they turn on nice ambiance lighting. I will definitely be heading back to Parks on Tap and may even try out the other location at FDR Park.
Really cool pop up beer garden located on the boardwalk on the Schuylkill River trail. They have a QR code which you can scan for the menu. Prices are pretty expensive for a food truck meal. Seating is on the lawn and dogs are allowed! Beautiful place to catch the sunset overlooking the River.
