Pastorius Park is nestled away in Chestnut Hill a few blocks west of Germantown Avenue by Hartwell and Abington. It is a pretty big green space that is dog friendly and usually draws a pretty good crowd. Dogs and their owners venture out at all times of the day in any type of weather to enjoy this park. During the summer months the Chestnut Hill Community Association puts on live concerts that are free to the public. These outdoor concerts are held on Wednesday nights in the park and usually start around 7:30 pm. There is a natural amphitheater that become packed with camping chairs, picnic baskets, dogs, and people of all ages. Feel fring to bring your cooler or favorite bottle of wine to relax and listen to the sweet music. It's a BYOB picnic party from 7-10 every Wednesday night.
Pastorious is the unofficial dog park of Chestnut Hill. It's a beautiful spot and anyone who goes here should be ready to be around dogs. If you want a place to play with kids without dogs, try the park by the water tower. Dog owners are abundant in Chestnut Hill and we need a spot, so I'm against any heavy enforcement of leash laws here. That being said, if your dog jumps on people or can't at least co-exist, be aware of that and make adjustments. Also, pick up after your pup. It makes it better for everyone.  

The park itself is gorgeous in all seasons and the pond, while not being clear and refreshing looking, adds a water element for dogs. 

During the summer there are weekly concerts in the park. They are a great way for the community to come together and they are always packed. Bring a picnic and enjoy!
We're so lucky this park is just a couple of blocks from our house.  We didn't give it much thought when we first moved in, but then we got a dog and take her their twice a day.  

If you're not a dog person, this is definitely not the place for you.  Also, a word of warning, if you want to picnic here, I would NOT setup near the center of the park, as this is where the dogs congregate (and urinate), but closer to the edges or somewhere a little more discreet.  I've seen plenty a picnic ruined by poached hoagies and other things a dog would find tasty.  With that said, most of the dog owners that come are pretty responsible at policing their dogs' behavior, and overly aggressive dogs tend to get 'banished' or shamed, so to speak.

Also, like the previous reviewer mentioned, the free Wednesday concerts are great to spend a summer evening.  Bring a bottle of wine or some beer and snacks and take in some music.  The concerts run from mid June to late July and the acts are always pretty talented.  Unleashed dogs are very much frowned upon during these concerts.
The Pastorious Park Summer Concert Series is the oldest one in Philadelphia. In this beautiful park in Chestnut Hill, music fills the air on Wednesday evenings during the summer.  If I'm in Philadelphia I usually find at least one concert featuring rock or indie music to attend.  You can picnic here or just bring wine & cheese. Water, juices, and light snacks are for sale. The musicians perform on a tree shaded stage surrounded by a moat. The concerts are free but of course you can give a donation to support them.  Parking is on the street although a lot of us can walk to Pastorious Park from where we live.  Last evening I heard one of my favorite Indie bands - Parsonsfield - perform in an awesome concert.  At some point there is prob a concert that will fit your musical tastes as well!
This is NOT a dog park. Rude owners let their dogs run freely often following far behind. Dogs growl, bark, jump up on you and the owners don't understand why you don't like it. Do I let my kid run up to you, slobber you and then scream in your face?? Answer-no. No I don't. The law in the park is to have your dog on a leash at ALL times.
As dog parks go, I've seen better. It's a much larger area for your dog to run around than your average dog park, however, I'd give it 2.5/5 stars for the following reasons:
1. It's not an official dog park, so there are no poop bags or doggie water stations. So bring your own bags, water, and bowl. (there is a fountain for humans)
2. The pond in the middle of the park is stagnant and gross. I've seen dogs enjoy swimming in it, but I imagine it's not healthy for them.
3. In the summer, the pond seems to breed large swarms of gnats. I found it hard to enjoy the park being swarmed by the tiny pests.
4. There are roads right next to the park with no fences, so make sure your dog is trained to be off-leash! (Technically, they are not supposed to come off leash at all, but that's rarely enforced)
I came here for the first time with some friends as we were looking for somewhere to eat our cakes from the Night Kitchen a few minutes away, having no idea that it was a dog park. Luckily we weren't harassed by brazen pooches, but I see how this could be problematic. In any case, the park (at least that day) was the very definition of picturesque, and all of us being dog people, we were thoroughly entertained as well. Unfortunately, the park is not enclosed, so I can't bring my puppy here, but I hope to once he's better trained or mellowed out, whichever comes first.

EDIT 10/20/11: I've revised my star rating from four to three stars, because apparently this is one of the worst places you can take your dog. Not only is it not fenced in, but apparently the lake in the middle of the park is filthy and has seriously sickened many dogs. Owner beware.

Still a nice place for an on-leash stroll, though.
yes its a nice park, and yes my dog COULD have fun here.

But not with chestnut hill ASS-HOLES who take their incredibly badly behaved dogs off leash here.  And let them attack your little puppy.  And then not apologize for it.  And say something really shitty like "Hey, I told you to pick up your dog!  My dog doesnt like puppies".   Not: Oh, i'm sorry i'm and asshole, and that my dog ran over and attacked your dog, and i cant control him, and i should have had him on a leash if he's going to be that badly behaved.  Is your dog okay?...

No, that would be to appropriate and civilized.

My pup says; wish we could come here daddy because the park itself is nice, but i dont like being attacked for no reason!

Better leave it for the chestnut hill d-bags.

We'll be spending out time in Manayunks off leash dog park, in Pretzel Park.   Much more class.
4300 Silverwood St.
Philadelphia, PA 19127
Pastorious Park is a quaint, tucked away patch of dream for the family of Chestnut Hill pooches.  There are tons of shady trees, benches (some underneath said shady trees), dogs, and owners.  There is also a pond there for the aqua-dogs to fetch in or just take a dip to cool off.  
It is well known as a "dog park"- ask any local.  Be weary though- some park rangers have been known to patrol on those days when they have NOTHING ELSE BETTER TO DO and yell at people to put their dogs on leashes.  Better way to spend their salaries?  Yep, you guessed it- a fence.
In the summer, Wednesday nights are reserved for FREE concerts in the park! Bring a blanket and a bottle of wine, the kiddos, dogs, or pretty much anything you want to chill out and enjoy the evening. Great place to relax with the feel of the burbs in the heart of Chestnut Hill!! See you there!
This is Mecca for pups. Wide open park that is an informal off the leash dog park.  A pond in the center, with a small woods on one side and a field on the other. The park is large, but exposed two roads on two sides. They are slow moving residential streets, but I wouldn't take a dog unless it is well trained.
This is no longer a place where you can let your dog run off leash.  Because of some recent dog fights the police are now ticketing anyone whose dog is not on a leash.  Unfortunately a few irresponsible dog owners have ruined it for the rest.
This is not a dog park, signs are clearly posted to keep dog on leash. Police & park rangers are heavily policing park due to dog attacking a woman last summer, and also to dogs fighting, and numerous complaints of negligent dog owners.
Nice place to chill w/ lots of trees, an open field and many dogs. Free concerts here in the summer. Great for canines, and people too!
