It was a hot day in Philly so when we walked by a boat tour that was about to take off in 5 minutes we took the opportunity! The cost was $30 and we were able to pay when we boarded. The boat had basically no airflow so instead of cooling down we got even warmer. There are alcoholic drinks served but a Miller Light can was $6. The tour guide was not entertaining at all. I asked him why Philadelphia was called the city of brotherly love and he didn't even know. He speech was very uninteresting and he kept losing his train of thought. I understand that the shore of NJ is mostly industrial but there has got to be something more fascinating to tell us about. He told us that something was a pile of limestone but he didn't know how it was retrieved or what it was used for. Everyone left the boat disappointed that we weren't able to learn any cool facts about the city. The tour lasted about 45 minutes.
I booked a patriot sunset cruise/wines of the revolution while my my wife and I typically book a sail boat cruise for our anniversary and the company that serviced philly recently moved. What a mistake. Too crowded. Too loud. Bad booze cruise. They had to stop for 15 minutes to service the boat in a marina by a gravel pit. It was so unromantic it was terrible. Captain comped us a drink and thought it would make it all better. Some creepy old guy reaches over and kisses my wife and I about popped him. Lousy experience. The wines were absolutely terrible. I've worked for vineyards and pouring wines from a paint can (I couldn't believe it either) and from plastic pouches should have given me an indication. Of course I won't ever book again. Don't waste your money for a terrible experience.
This was really a nice way to spend an evening, even though it couldn't have been colder the September day we went. Thankfully, I bundled up in my shawl, because the wind was whipping all around us. 

Weather aside, the views on the water are spectacular. We did the Schuylkill Banks tour and I would say it's views were just as great as the Penn's Landing area. I'm a Philly native, so I know that area well, but it was just as nice to travel down to Bartram's Garden and back up the river, learning about some of the bridges and the buildings along the way. They had drinks on the boat, and I thought the ones we had at $5 were reasonably priced. You could also use your card as well. 

We sat at the front of the boat and got great pictures of the skyline as we passed through. It cost us about $50 total for one hour. I think it was worth it. It was a nice escape for the evening.
I've taken two of Patriot's tours. Last summer the "Walnut to Walnut" tour that goes all the way down the Schuylkill and up the Delaware, and more recently the Delaware River/harbor cruise, that begins and ends at Penn's Landing.  Both were outstanding. The boat is pretty simple but comfortable, and this is a terrific way to look at Philadelphia from a different angle and learn about its history in a leisurely way (without fighting traffic or crowds!)  The captain's narration seems to know absolutely everything about everything. You won't just hear about the past but also see what's happening and changing right now on the rivers - new parks, developments, ship traffic, etc.  I'm a new resident of the city but my relatives who've lived here 20 years also loved it and learned a ton of things they never knew before; out-of-town relatives also loved it. Check the schedule to see when the different tours are offered as it changes from week to week. Highly recommended!
On board bar ( that accepts Credit !!!!) and a staff that is very funny and polite. I boarded this vessel for a work related event. My boss chartered it private just for us making it that much better. The staff Was timely , informative , polite and funny. The ride was very sweet. I never realized how cool the river was before this ride. It's gross and dirty but you see cute turtles and little hiding spots perfect for solo venturing. I'd say it's great for a native or a tourist and anyone in between.
I recently had my 30th birthday party on one of the booze cruises with them and I can't say enough great things about the experience and crew! They were extremely accommodating with every request, played awesome music, great bar service and made the overall night so much fun!  Plus the views were amazing!
This trip is an iconic Philadelphia experience. The yachts are immaculate and Captain and crew are invested in your enjoyment. The ticket price is commensurate with the unique experience. I took my wife to the fireworks trip on July 2 and crushed it, this has got to be the best seat in the city to enjoy the show.  Bar, music and bathroom onboard. This is a family run small business so vote with your dollars if you appreciate this kind of business. Could not have been better, keep up the exceptional work.
