We finally got to visit the Penn Museum. So much to see and do. The halls of the Penn Museum have several galleries: Egypt, Middle East, Mexico & Central America, Asia, Greece, Etruscan and Native American As well. The exhibits were excellent, I loved being able to read all the information. You can literally be there for 5 hours and still not get to see it all. The artifacts displayed are top notch and they obviously tell the story of these great civilizations. I know I will definitely be back because I did not get to see it all. If you are in Philadelphia and you have several hours, I highly recommend a visit to this museum.
I'm embarrassed to admit that I wasn't expecting the Penn Museum to be as wholly amazing as it turned out to be.

I mean, it's not like I didn't Yelp it before going.  I read the rave reviews.  I don't know why I so shamefully underestimated the joint. Maybe because I come from DC where we have a collection of world-class museums at our fingertips, and all for free.  But the Penn Museum is a *real* peach, and completely worth the short three-hour ride from The District.

Moms and I came to see The Secrets of the Silk Road exhibit.  China's been a bit, ahem, stingy about where it travels and how long they'll loan out the collection.  In fact, the Penn Museum was the only museum on the East Coast to have the honor.  So we wanted to get in to see the exhibit before it left for the homeland on March 28.  Again, I was expecting a bit of a rinky-dink affair, so I had to eat a crow sandwich as we toured this phenomenally executed exhibit.  I was beyond impressed by the quality of the one- to two-thousand-year-old artifacts, from textiles to petrified dumplings!  

But the permanent collections at this sleeper gem are equally enthralling, rivaling Natural History in DC, the Met in New York, and Field in Chicago.  Greek and Roman statues, glass, mosaics, and coins.  Mesoamerican fertility figurines and Aztec ceramics.  Mesopotamian lapis lazuli.  Asian deities and African rugs.  Egyptian jewelry, tomb relics, and a mummy so well preserved it made me feel woozy.  

There is SO MUCH to see here you could pass an entire day wandering the halls and exhibits.  Technically admission is "free," but we didn't seem to have a whole lot of choice about paying the $10 entrance plus the cost of admission to The Secrets of the Silk Road.  No matter, because this is a place well-worth supporting.
Mummies, Roman statues, the third largest sphinx in the world: The Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology is fantastic!  

I loved this museum when I first toured it almost ten years ago for a business event, and I loved it just as much on my second visit during Fair Food Philly's Brewer's Plate event. Exploring ancient history with a beer in hand is definitely an awesome experience. 

The architecture of the building (especially the rotunda) is breathtaking and the grounds are lovely. This is a great museum and should not be overlooked by visitors or long-time residents.
I've been to the University of Pennsylvania many times in my off and on living in Philadelphia ... and despite me wanting to not say this 'I have never been wowed.'  It has always struck me as a scattered museum experience with a few exceptional objects and a lot of average archaeological findings.  The displays have always been heavy on reading and never feel very comprehensive concerning any region or period.  They have just redone the Near East galleries.  They look okay.  A lot of cases, better lighting, a lot of reading ... and a few notable objects like the Ram in the Thicket from Ur. In the rest of the museum, there are a couple of wonderful Egyptian items (although the Sphinx was closed on my recent visit) and an amazing crystal ball in the Chinese section.  Sadly it doesn't appear they have any major exhibit on the Lenni-Lenape who were the Native Americans who first lived in this area before the Europeans arrived. 

There was no line to get in and only one person working the admissions desk which was quite enough because the museum was not crowded at all.  I wish it were and I wish perhaps the museum might expand and show more cultures and objects because then maybe it would attract even more locals and Philadelphia visitors and truly become the world-class museum I always have thought it could be.
On a weekend trip to Philly, my boyfriend and decided to stop by the Penn Museum since we had some time to kill on Saturday afternoon.  We had always planned to go to other museums (AMNH, The Met, MoMA, etc.) but never really got around to it.  So we seized the opportunity.

I am obsessed with Ancient Egypt and Ancient Greece.  He majored in Asian Studies in college.  Basically, this was perfect for both of us.

When we went, they had their fantastic Egypt exhibit right before their Asia exhibit.  We spent almost an hour in each of them.  The Penn Museum boasts of having the third largest sphynx - which was pretty amazing.  However, I was most impressed by their mummies.  They have three.  Wow.  After that, we went through the Asia exhibits (Chinese rotunda and Buddhist exhibits).  We then quickly went through the Greeks, Romans, and Etruscans exhibit.  This worked out great for us because I told him about my obsessions and he told me about his.  Let's just say this nerd romance at its finest.

We didn't have much time left after that, so we were unfortunately unable to visit the War Rugs from Afghanistan exihibit, the Lanape exhibit, or the Vampire exhibit.  This museums is definitely larger than I had expected.

The only thing I was disappointed with was the Silk Road exhibit which we rushed to right before the museum was closing.  There was no mention of the fact that the artifacts on display had already been taken away and all that was left were photographs of the items.  I wish we hadn't waited until the very end because it left us feeling a bit sad.

All in all, it was definitely a great experience and I would not hesitate to go back to see the things we missed.
If you're into human history or digging up old stuff, you've hit the jackpot. There's a ton of old stuff to see: Egyptian sarcophagi, tattered paintings, shiny jewelry. Honestly, considering the exhibitions held here, admission prices (see the web site) are a steal.

Remember, no flash photography. The signs didn't say it at the time (and still may not) but you should know better. Flash photography kills kittens, and damages art. (To be honest, I think camera flash only damages my eyes.)

The cafeteria's pricey - think ballpark concession stand prices - but actually good quality. I still have museum dreams about that lunch.
I didn't give myself enough time! I went here around 3pm today (Sunday) and they close at 5pm. I explored the Maya and the Africa exhibit. I did briefly run to the 3rd floor of which I saw a small portion of the Greek exhibit, but this is not a two hour stop. 

Well for me it's not. I like to read each description listed by each item in the different collections. So I was rushing in hopes of covering as much as the museum as possible. The staff approached me on the exhibit floors and ask if I had any questions. I thought that was nice, I also like the suggestion boxes. After seeing some of the pictures on yelp I believe I would like to try the cafe next time. I can't wait to visit this museum again. I also like that they have ample parking. 

Another note, they  also have student discounts, tours, and gift shops.
Penn Museum is situated in the heart of the University and the Penn Medical campus.

The museum is going through various renovations, so certain sections were closed off. It took us under two hours to cover the whole museum. 
The museum has a vast collection of artifacts from ancient Egypt, the Romans, Asian exhibits and more modern exhibits from other parts of the world. I've always been fascinated by mummies and the history of ancient Egypt, so I really enjoyed this portion of the exhibits. 

They offer tours, but we self guided our way through the museum. Penn employees can enter free with their Penn ID.
Cool ancient artifacts from around the world, though the museum will be undergoing renovation for some exhibits, including the Sphinx.
I had to visit to take notes and pictures as a basis for two term papers for two different classes.

Nice little diamond in the rough.  While not as large or well known as many museums of history, the diversity of cultures and information given with artifacts and exhibits are great. The building itself is beautiful and old, congruent with the aesthetically pleasing architecture of most of UPenn's original buildings. 

-Free for kids under 6, museum members and PENNcard holders
-$8 normal admission
-$5 students with ID and seniors over 62

It's also free after 4PM on Sundays at least (it's only open till 5PM on Sundays) but may be open close to closing on all days.  I only went at 4PM on a Sunday; as such crowds were light and I had most of my time to myself.

Easily walkable from the University City SEPTA Regional Rail station just down the street, right accross the street from Franklin Field.

I really will have to try and go back, there's so much that I missed.
Excellent museum.  There are very few museums that I feel like i want to go back to right away.  The U of Penn Museum is a hidden jewel in the city. One can find information about Asia, Africa, Europe, and America.  The mummys/Egyptian exhibit was a good reminder of what greatness is really about.  It is such a surreal experience to see all information see how much was accomplished by some people in as little as 10 years.  It is worth the trip and they allow you to take pictures.
So anyone in the greater Phila area who took a Spanish class is likely to have taken a field trip here. Thus, my first visit in the 90s.

I visited again when I worked at Penn in my 20s and had Penn Pass perks. But since, I hadn't been for a long while. So when my library offered up FREE admission with their museum passes, I was all over it.

Overall, the permanent displays are beautiful and look recently updated. One exception was the first room for the Egyptian collection; the "blue curtain room" (much like the red curtain room in "Twin Peaks"). It is a beautiful space, architecturally, and the magnificent pieces in there are well complemented by the structure of the room, but the weird blue curtains that look like the backdrop of an eternal political debate are just not cutting it. There are so many contemporary options that would be so much more appropriate to honor these spiritual relics. Also, the blue just absorbs light, whereas white background, either as didactic walls, or some kind of tapestry panel (printed with relevant scenes or text) would do so much more to allow these pieces to stand out, and elevate them. Just my two cents. Otherwise, with the exception of the "blue curtain room," the designing of the galleries was spot on.

Penn has a crapton of antiquity. They were well connected in the age of tomb raiding, and claimed a lot. While I freak out at the spiritual disruption that I believe occurs when sacred objects are removed from their rightful resting spots, I appreciate being able to see and learn firsthand, from a remote distance.

That said, I remember criticizing the British Museum (London) for their ridiculous collection of ancient artifacts, which went on so much and so long (with duplicates of almost every vessel any household could have contained), it got inane, and worse, actively boring. I thought, "these REALLY old, cool things should be exciting!" I was sad that BM was having a pissing contest with the world, rather than set up a donation to a lesser-privileged museum, somewhere far away. Give 'em five pieces, and let more of the world look at this stuff! I am sure they will more than appreciate it, and seriously, your visitors will care less, actually they'll be grateful if it saves 5 more steps along this huge glass display case.

So like BM, PM, they're kind of hoarders. They have a sick collection of EVERYTHING ancient. Worth a long look, yes, but can they spare some treasure for the deserving people in another place who can't make it here? Hells yes.

For example, the Roman section had these miniature animals. (I'm sorry but even with my kid in a harness, I was dragged all over, and barely had time to snap an in-focus photo. So I didn't read any didactics and can't tell you the DL on these, but they were cool mini animals.) So there were fantastic mini animals, but heaps of them, including literally a PILE of them at the bottom of the display. It was a cute pile, but a PILE, come on, these should be individually mounted. Just give some to worthy institutions elsewhere. Help elsewheres set up worthy institutions. 

Penn Museum with kids:
It works! I had my 19-month-old with me. We were greeted with a smile. A guard held the door for my stroller. Admissions happily took my library museum pass, and after encountering plenty of other visitors there, we never got a dirty look, nor a raised eyebrow. 

I did have to constantly engage my son by asking questions, pointing out the many animals in all the symbolism, and allow him to touch anything that was touchable (e.g. the audio equipment, elevator buttons, and push the stroller). Thankfully, there was one interactive panel with Braille cuneiform and an Obsidian stone. He LOVED that!

Overall the staff was welcoming and helpful. It worked for my son (over an hour, entertained), and the collection is exceptional! (Just please trash those blue curtains.) This is a great spot to hit on a touring list, and if you're local but haven't yet visited, get on down! You have a local library with a free pass. No excuses!
And I thought the Carnegie Museum of Natural History had a ton of Egyptian artifacts.  This just blows it away!

If you're into Egyptian history and artifacts, this is the place for you!  It's incredible to look at these massive objects and think....how did they get buried, how did they ship it over here....HOW did these people even find a pea size earring from some Egyptian fashionista!

I was surprised at myself because I was really fascinated with the Iraq's Ancient Past Gallery.  Maybe I ignored one too many a history class, but I wasn't aware of a lot of the facts they displaced in the gallery.  I also enjoyed the history of Ur and how it was buried underneath Iraq and reading about the excavation of it.

I also loved the Battleground: War Rugs from Afghanistan exhibit with all the different rugs on display.  In America, we buy rugs from Ikea with nice happy colorful flowers on them.  These rugs had guns, bazooka's and grenades on them.  Very startling but eye opening to what they actually experience and see in daily life.

It was HOT HOT HOT in some of the rooms....I'm going to go ahead and guess that some rooms just can't be air conditioned because of the artifacts.  Or maybe they just want to save on their electric bill.  Who knows.  That's why I liked the Iraq exhibit, because the AC was blasting in there!

Regardless, incredible museum packed full of incredible artifacts and exhibits!
Well, this was a treasure that I missed when I was an undergrad here.  I am sooo glad that I was able to visit this place now.  

PERMANENT EXHIBITS
This place has a wonderful permanent collection of Roman, Greek, Egyptian, Asian, Islamic, and native American artifacts.  I now have a membership here and it is wonderful to be able to go to events after work here.  Here are some benefits with membership here.

MEMBERSHIP BENEFITS
* Invitations to Young Friends events (quizzo, lectures, socials)
* Free ticket(s) to special exhibit such as the Silk Road
* Discount or free admission to monthly lecture series
* Validated parking at the museum garage for $8 (regular daily parking $17)
* Discount at the gift shop and the cafe

PEPPER MILL CAFE
Oh yeah, the Pepper Mill Cafe has vastly improved here.  I came here last year for the Chinese New Year celebration and it looks like a hole in the wall.  After renovations, it looks alot nicer and the food is alot better than before when I was here last year for Chinese New Year.  I would even say that it's food and pricing is alot better than the Phila Art Museum.  For the Silk Road exhibit, the Pepper Mill Cafe had the Steamed Mussels, Lemongrass, Thai Basi, Chili Coconut Juice as main dish for $6.50 and it was a generous proportion of mussels.  Plus, it had a side of Stir Fried Corn, Broccoli, Lemongrass, Chili, Garlic, Soy Sauce.   My friend had the Thai Green Curry, Tofu with no complaints.

Well, I have taken advantage of some the events here and it is wonderful.  The museum really knows how to bring people together with their lecture series and Young Friends events.  Overall, with or without the special exhibit I would have to give this place a solid 5 stars.  Now to my review of the Silk Road.

SECRETS OF THE SILK ROAD 2/19/2011 - 3/28/2011

Wow!!!!  I just went to the exhibit yesterday and it was totally amazing.  We arrived at 10 to beat the crowd but realized that it had already arrived.  Many people have taken advantage to see this exhibit which is making its only East Coast appearance here.  I had gotten membership here so I was able to get a free ticket.  But, adult ticket was $22-23 which is well worth it for this one in a lifetime experience.  Only downside is that there is no photography which is understandable since these are ancient and delicate artifacts.  However, you can pick up a postcard or the Silk Road book at the gift shop.  The layout was a bit confusing since we entered and was expecting to go straight through all the exhibits.  Afterwards, we realized it was a dead end and had to wind back to the entrance but through another room.  No biggie.  It would have been nice if there was an exhibit map to help us out.  Actually, we did it backwards and avoided the high traffic at the entrance and in the middle.  You will be shocked that the clothing, shoes, and jewelry are all ornate beyond what you would expect back in those days.  Plus, there is strong Western influence which is really interesting.  Here are the highlights of this special exhibits. 

* Mummies (infant and adult) and their coffins
* Clothing, felt hats, and shoes
* Artifacts of ceramic figurines, combs, jewelery, blankets, etc
* Interactive exhibits which teaches you poetry, influences of the Silk Road (pistachio, guitar, etc.)
* Recreations of the cemeteries where these artifacts were excavated
* Official trading document and other written documents 

I would recommend visiting during the week if you can since it looks like the weekend has the highest traffic.  We came after it has opened after the first week and it is still quite busy.
Okay, I didn't see any reviews written about the sleepover at the Penn Museum called 40 Winks with the Sphinx, so I figured I'd write one.  

We spent the night here with our 8 year old daughter and it was a ton of fun!  Think Night at the Museum meets Trivial Pursuit (for kids ages 6-12).  There were interactive trivia games, scavenger hunts and a "lights out" tour with flashlights through the museum.  There were also 4 classes held that you could attend and learn how to make origami shapes, write in hieroglyphics, do yoga and touch a 3,000 year old Peruvian mummy!

Very kid friendly and a gateway for some really thought-provoking questions that enabled higher-order thinking with your kids.  

If you decide to spend the night here, don't sleep in the main room with the Sphinx if you can avoid it.  There's a room just off of the main area that houses a replica of an Egyptian king's temple.  I highly advise sleeping in that room.  You're a little bit more removed from the 150 or so other people attempting to sleep on a hard floor!  You will hear coughing and snoring and many other sounds that accompany those that actually did sleep during the course of the evening, just be prepared.  Bedtime is at midnight and they are quick to turn the lights on at 7:00 a.m. (don't worry, there's plenty of coffee ready for you during breakfast the following morning).

This was a once in a lifetime opportunity not to be missed, especially if you have kids who wouldn't be freaked out by the mummies, have an interest in more than just tv and video games, who aren't afraid of the dark and can tolerate standing around for long periods of time.

Great for families, groups (there were tons of Girl & Boy Scout kids) and for those kids with a true sense of adventure!
This is a great place for events, lunch with friends, and ogling of some pretty unique artifacts under glass... I'm only a few blocks away while at work, and if I need to get away and collect my thoughts I come here! The cafeteria does have lunch specials, but their selection is limited. If you have some free time I recommend stopping by for a visit!
My sentiments mirror those of the previous reviewers.  This museum is really a hidden jewel.  It's amazing more people don't know about this museum.  It's especially great because it's so darn cheap! You'll pay more for parking than you will for admission. I don't know why the city doesn't give this wonderful museum more attention.  My husband and I decided on a whim we needed some alone time and only had a few hours to do something.  We searched the web for museums in Philly and wanted to see something we had never been to before.  I'm so glad we ended up here.

Exhibits include an impressive mummy collection, Roman & Etruscan wing, and North and Meso American Indian wing, as well as smaller exhibits including Africa, the Maori and Polynesia, the Middle East, Asia, and everything in between.  

Be warned that parking is a bit of a hassle.  We had to park in Children's Hospital 3 blocks away and wind our way through the serpentine hospital to get to the museum. Stop at the hospital info desk for directions.
The University Museum can make for a great hour of exploring or you could easily spend a day (or several days!) examining everything housed there.  Unfortunately, it's quite lacking in visitor services.  If you want to visit this place-- and you should-- just be prepared to find your own way among the galleries.

That said, many of the artifacts are not encased or hidden behind windows.  There is nothing quite like standing right next to an ancient Egyptian spinx or between two enormous Chinese dog statues.

I can see this museum growing into something even better over the next ten or twenty years.  Right now, they actually have a temporary exhibit going about the history of the museum so far.  I recommend checking that out.  The layout and mood of that exhibit is particularly accessible and interesting.
Not going to this museum anymore.  As of now, Penn is not doing anything about this professor who is directly linked to this museum.  Robert Schuyler, a University of Pennsylvania Professor , performed a Nazi salute and stated "Sieg heil" during a brief altercation with a speaker at an archaeological conference on Wednesday December 6th.
Once I hear there has been some kind of suspension or firing, I will change my review.
The Secrets of the Silk Road was incredibly well done. It was engaging and interesting. The mummies were displayed in a way that I felt almost...creepy being that close. They were some great interactive parts to the exhibit. The line moved quickly to get in and once inside the entrance, spread out a bit. 

We explored the upstairs a bit as well - the Egyptian collection is really cool (more mummies!) and they have some amazing artifacts. All around an awesome Philly museum.
I love this museum. The "Imagine Africa" exhibit is really thought provoking in a way that I think only a museum attached to an academic institution can be. It really doesn't pretend to be anything outside of a work-in-progress and there's something respectable and really useful about that as an educational tool. I wish more actual students (particularly undergrads) would go visit!
I went here for my 18th birthday (lol). I liked it a lot being a history nerd but there was not as many exhibits as I thought there would have been (because the museum is so big). Most of the exhibits are centered around two or three "big" pieces with a lot of room to walk around. Some sections had some good stuff like ancient Egypt and Greece. I still recommend visiting!
For a university museum, it has amazing collections.  The focus is definitely on archaeology with anthropology being tightly woven into the topic.  First, the only reason the museum loses a star is for the fact that it is so specific and has some smaller displays than larger museums (I'm thinking DC's Smithsonian).  But, if you want a look into the human past from ancient Egypt to Israel, from China to Meso-America, this is your place. 

The entrance fee is actually fairly low ($10-12 maybe), and there aren't ever too many people there-- a problem with other larger art and natural history collection museums.  They often have numerous special exhibits that are very well curated and insightful.  The best I've seen was the special exhibit on Iraq and Sumer.  Regardless, if you're into human history, this museum will impress.
Great museum on the campus of U Penn. I paid most attention to the exhibit "Surviving" which was all about the human body. It was a great demonstration of the centuries of proof science has afforded evolution as well as highly interactive. Most of the content was probably too advanced for children, but I loved it! The museum itself was also free when I went because of another event being housed in the same building (a nice one BTW) so be sure to check if there might be something coming up that could save you a few bucks.
Great museum and very well kept up, and all the staff and professors here really care about the place. 

Lots of anthropology classes take place in this building, which is half museum and half classrooms/offices.

Absolutely a treasure gem of a museum. Free admission helps too. The cookies from the Museum Cafe are to die for!  It's also often rented out for events.
I did this place on free museum day, so I didn't get to see the Maya exhibit, unfortunately.
But in terms of walking around, there's plenty to look at.  The artifacts are spaced out pretty evenly between cultures so it's interesting and varied, not just 100 pieces of Roman pottery.  The only disappointment for me was that the much talked about mummies were few and far between, but maybe that was just my expectations.
I think it might be kid friendly, too. The Africa exhibit has interactive features and activities, but some of the artifacts (masks made of human skin?) are downright scary looking.
I just have so many mixed feelings about archeological-type museums. Yes, it is masterful seeing the Egyptian sphinx or the Buddhist statues here, but I always can't help but think that their rightful place is not here in Philadelphia but actually in Egypt. What is the solution? I do not know. 

If you want to see artifacts of the Mediterranean, China, Africa or Native Americans, this is a great museum for you. Me, I will head to other museums. Maybe it is because of the movie Poltergeist that I am so wary of moving ancient burial grounds.
An amazing museum right on Penn's campus. Since I'm an employee I get free admission but the normal admission is well worth what you get. The museum is large with multiple floors full of interesting artifacts and exhibits. They divide up into sections of the world so you get to immerse yourself into one culture and then hop over to the next. The collections they have are expansive and does a great job of being interactive, educational, and approachable.

I see lots of families come which I absolutely love but this really is a museum for all. They have lots of cultural events such as for Lunar New Year and Dia De Los Muertes that fun for young kids and people over the age of 12. They also have a wonderful summer music series in the courtyard that is very fun to go to.
I came here because it was listed in a book called "100 Things to do in Philadelphia Before you Die".  To say the least I was not disappointed.  Probably outside of Cairo and Turin, Italy, they might have the best Egyptian artifacts, some 4,400 years old that are in amazing condition.  Sometimes I don't like it when we take ancient materials from other countries but they are doing an unbelievable job of maintaining the condition of these items with state of the art environmental equipment. 

Another highlight is they have 20-30 ancient Chinese items from various dynasties.  The highlight were the Fu Lions and the various Buddha statues.

I highly recommend visiting the Penn Museum, especially if you like mummies, and it is only $15 for adults.
Great place right by UPenn hospital. Beautiful area to come sit even if you don't want to go inside the museum. I been inside 3 times total. It's a bit expensive for my taste. If you are a penn student, it's free. For all other student it's $10 and without student ID it's $15. Museum isn't that big. Today I went to go check out their middle eastern exhibit. Wants worth the $15 dollars I paid. However, it's perfect to check out if you are a pen student and going for free.
I went to the Penn Museum yesterday on a behind-the-scenes tour. I've only been here a couple of times before, and both times were because events were held here, not for the exhibits themselves.

The Penn Museum has a LOT to offer, and it's a shame not that many people are taking advantage of it. There are world-class scholars working here, with some of the most prized artifacts, knowledge, and even technology.

The Egyptian and Roman/Greek/Etruscan exhibits are crowd favorites, but take the time to roam through others too. Right now they have the Righteous Dopefiend exhibit on the heroin-addicted homeless in SF, as well as the Goodlands exhibit, a collection of photographs taken by children in a "bad" neighborhood in N. Philly (with adorable captions like "my neighbor" and "nice man"). Both are amazing and really makes you think.

Free for Penncard holders... you already paid for it with your tuition money, might as well go check it out. It's BEAUTIFUL. Also, they have events all the time, including Harry Potter Day :)
Beautiful museum, laid out well with lots of space between exhibits to view without bumping into others. The rooms were a bit warm, but overall the visit made up for the temperature.
If you are intrigued by the ancient world, of myths and mysteries, then you will love the UPenn Museum of Archaeology & Anthropology. 

I visited for Yelp's Night by the Nile back in October. During the event many of the curators were around to give tours through the Silk Road exhibit. They are all very knowledgeable and can tell fascinating stories. It's always intriguing to listen to how ancient civilizations lived, died, and how they practiced their religious rites. I explored a few other sections, but definitely am going to have to plan another visit soon to see more of the museum.
This working museum (I call it that because they do a lot of research and perservation work here), I like the entry way, a long pool and a ornate gate. You enter through the downstairs.  The architecture is reminiscent of the rest of Penn's campus with the dark red-brown brick. 

Free admission, and if you would like to donate, you can.  

Inside, you'll find Egyptian sculptures, one of the largest Chinese crystal balls, mosaics, and more. Tours for people who want to look around with a guide are available, and lots of local school children passing through here.  Also classrooms for the Penn students.  A classroom downstairs available for tests or larger groups, too.
Two teenagers and myself have an interest in anthropology so I was looking forward to this museum. Unfortunately I was disappointed. The cost of admission was high ($74 which included 2 adults, 2 students with an up charge for the King Midas exhibit). The numerous children from what appeared to be several schools created such a high volume of noise that it was impossible to hear the audio descriptions for some of the exhibits. Several of the exhibit areas smelled terrible (pervasive urine odor). Overall the museum looked dingy and dirty.

Disappointingly and with no notice at the admissions desk, we found the entire mummy exhibit was closed. However quite accidentally we found the curators who were working on the mummy in an entirely different section of the museum. Both curators were friendly, approachable and happy to talk about their restoration work. THANKS and thumbs up to them for that. Really appreciated

Overall, this museum is not even close to worth the high admission price. Other than the security staff and curators the other identification wearing adults were as loud as the elementary schools passing through. This museum seemed to me like a lost collection of artifacts that University of Penn kicked aside as a side business to collect money for their Anthroplogy program.
The collection is as good or better than many university museums (and I've been to both Yale's and Oxford's). I had not realized how active the school was in the early days of archeology. The Middle Eastern collection in particular is outstanding, and they have updated that part of the museum with interactive displays. I was fascinated by the ornaments from the burial of a queen from what is now Iraq. I also like that they work with people in Syria and Iraq to save artifacts there from ISIS. 

There is also an extensive Egyptian collection, housing the only sphinx in the Western Hemisphere.  She will be under wraps for a while, though, while they renovate that part of the historic building. 

Visitors have a chance to watch conservators at work in two parts of the museum, with glass-sided labs.
We came here on museum day for free! Lots of people and the museum was a bit stuffy due to the crowds. Great exhibits and narratives but you can tell some info need update soon. The lab area was great to see conservators at work and she was willing to explain what she working on. We love museums and definitely didn't spend enough time here to see everything! Will come back. 

Only wish parking was easier to access to.
Excellent Museum. 

1) One of the best museum in the Northeast.  
2) Came here with the joint ticket from the Mutter Museum. Totally worth the price. 
3) I enjoyed the Chinese and Japanese exhibit.
I have an unhealthy fascination with mummies. When I was in elementary school I became obsessed with the process of mummification, probably because I thought it was awesome that they pulled your brain out through your nose. Also I think canopic jars are sweet and have a replica of one on my mantel. 

This is my kind of museum. 

I brought my 11-year-old sister here for a long afternoon and there were lots of things to keep both of us happy. I thought the artifacts were sweet, particularly their collections from Egypt. My sister was uber-impressed by the 4500-year-old sandals, which she deemed "stylish." The replica of a temple from Amarna on the first floor is pretty awesome, and apparently home to one of the largest sphinxes. They do a good job of balancing the interesting and educational; I didn't feel like I was lecturing at my sister but she definitely left knowing more than when she came! Particularly about how they take mummies' noses out through their brains. 

The museum itself is beautiful (definitely make sure to stop by the Chinese rotunda!), and there are great outdoor spots to get some work done, have your lunch, or just sit and enjoy the sunshine. It definitely feels secluded from the rest of the city. 

My only complaint is that the layout of the museum is not intuitive and could use some better signage. At times it felt as though we were wandering randomly in search of an exhibit.
As my daughter was out on the field hockey pitch sweating her butt off my wife, son and I were in the air conditioning of the Penn Museum.  the three of us are museum nerds and made a whole day of this visit.  The exhibits here are very well organized and the descriptions of the exhibit were worth the read.  

Very well maintained (as one would expect from a place like this) and clean this place has one spectacular room after another.  My son LOVED the Egyptian exhibit and was literally pulling me along to get to the next display.  

The food in the cafeteria is a little pricey, but that was expected.  Parking was close and we really had a great time here.  If you love wandering through a museum and learning about the cultures and art and architecture of those cultures then this is a museum for you!
I was really interested in seeing the Secrets of the Silk Road exhibition while it was at Penn Museum.  My boyfriend and I were able to walk there from UPenn's campus.  The architecture of the museum is pretty nice; the large brick building encloses a tranquil courtyard with a large pool.

General admission is $10, children and students with ID is $6, but the prices are higher for the special exhibition.  I can't remember exactly what the total came out to be, but it was over $20.  

I have always been interested in Central Asia so the exhibit was pretty interesting and fun for me.  My boyfriend enjoyed it as well.  There was a mummy, textiles, interactive activities, etc.  After exploring that section, we were surprised to find out that the museum is actually quite big, with several floors and collections in (taken from their website): African Section, American Section, Asian Section, Babylonian Section, Egyptian Section, European Archaeology Section, Historical Archaeology Section, Mediterranean Section, Near East Section, Oceanian Section, and Physical Anthropology.

We were getting pretty hungry so we powered through several sections and but stopped to really admire the top floor rotunda.  It was really impressive, being 90 feet tall and 90 feet in diameter.  It took our breath away.

If you enjoy museums, do check this place out.
For $10 per student (free for Penn students), Penn Museum is really quite an amazing find with a world of historical artifacts, mummies to unravel, civilization to unearth and knowledge to be enriched. The one downside is that when we came here on a blistering hot summer day, either the AC wasn't working or only one exhibit had AC, but we had to literally sprint between sauna-like halls and skip the learning because it was simply unbearable. To the museum's credit, they offered free water.

Of the exhibits, we really enjoyed Asian gallery and was glad to have joined in on a tour guide that described some of the artifacts and their historical significance. I thought the egyptian section was also quite educational and certainly don't forget to go to the basement of the museum, where you will find the hidden sphinx (not sure if it was done intentionally, but we almost missed it had it not been for the wife who noticed the sign in the gift shop).

Since we were on a time-crunch, we couldn't fully analyze all of the displays, but I think this is definitely a manageable afternoon museum, even if you were a completionist and wanted to read every panel. If you're around the area, I'd stop by and take a tour!
Excellent and very accessible archaeological exhibits. Only issue was that some exhibit layouts did not historically flow from one culture to another. For example the human history setup was up in the back and out of the way of all the other exhibits. I suggest that the exhibit be placed at the entrance to the first floor. 

Otherwise the materials were nicely placed and clearly understandable. The cafeteria food was excellent. Witness the many employees eating there. I will get a membership to the museum since there is too much to absorb during a one shot visit.

Lastly, take the kids. They may want to become archaeologists after seeing the hard work involved in this career area.
Yo! I have been dying to go here for years. Archaeology had always been a huge interest of mine, and when I decided to take a random trip to Philly this was legit the ONLY thing I planned out.

I grabbed a hotel off Priceline on the road up there and made sure it was within walking distance. We woke up early Friday and made the 1.5 mile hike to the museum and just walking in I was super stoked. They have a koi pond out front and the koi are ginormous, clearly they have been there for some time.

The museum entrance fee turned out to be free for me because of the Blue Star promotion-so that made everything 5x better. As per the suggestion of the workers, we started at the 3rd floor and it was mummies on mummies and BABYLON!

Sorry... I told you this stuff excites me.

We worked our way through 3-2-1 and it was really cool to go early on a weekday because Penn students were working on preservation and revelation of exhibits while you are going through. For example there was a preservationist in the Mummy lab as well as archaeologists revealing a mural in the Chinese/Japanese section. The Etruscan, African/Evolution and Sphinx areas were all my favorites.

A must visit if you are in Philly!
Firstly the only reason this isn't 5 star right now is because the parking garage ticket wasn't working well and the signage on how to get into/out of the lot during construction is non existent.  Otherwise, total 5 star experience.
We only spent 2 hours here and will have to come back to get through the entire other half of the museum!  It doesn't look that assuming on the outside and from all the notices on things being closed through November for construction, I had not anticipated needing much time to get through things.  I was very wrong.  This museum genuinely covers human civilization through ancient Egypt up through the Mediterranean leaving no pottery unturned!  They also have smaller more modern exhibits from other world cultures.
We actually waited for a tour but the guide wasn't terribly engaging so mostly wandered on my own.  I am the type who really likes to soak in every exhibit and flow intended by the curators but after only half of the Egyptian section and Romans I was all soaked up!
Not really a for kids place unless your kids genuinely like history and artifacts, but also not an all at once place if you really want to explore more.  Will be back after the renovations are complete, hopefully the garage is organized and soak in even more.
If you have a college student ID, make sure to bring it because you can get the discounted tickets for $10. For that price, this place is definitely worth checking out!

Overall, this museum is quite quaint. The Middle Eastern Gallery exhibit was pretty large and had a lot of items on display. I also really liked the Egyptian exhibit, which had numerous real mummies on display and a lot of interesting information to read. The China & Japan exhibit seemed to have mostly Chinese, and it was almost entirely statues and Buddhism-related displays. Some of the exhibits had an interactive screen for more information rather than your typical signpost.

Just a note, especially if you visit on a hot summer day: not all of the exhibits are air conditioned. There are also renovations underway right now, so we didn't get to see some things that I had been looking forward to, such as the Sphinx.
Collection from around the world largely acquired during colonialist times that should be returned or displayed for free for impoverished Philly residents. Much like the antiquities of the British Museum much of the collection was taken from countries and native peoples during times of their oppression. Although the museum is beautiful and the pieces are well maintained and cared for, they should be returned. However, if the exhibits were made free to Philadelphia's poor communities of color then perhaps an education mission could be justified instead of using the proceeds to line Penn's already overflowing (and under taxed) pockets.
Relaxing, informative place to visit.  Very accommodating with my group's need for wheelchair access today.  VIP treatment!  This museum always leaves me wanting more.  My only complaint is that I wish the Islamic section was bigger, but that's just because again, I just want more of a good thing.
Mummies, skulls, and scrolls
Spend a lazy afternoon
Roaming through these halls

Party in Egypt
or the picturesque courtyard
It's all awesome here.

I was especially impressed with the tombstones and mummies on display for the Silk Road exhibit.  Definitely check out Penn Museum's calendar for various special events.
If you haven't been here before it's a must see! They have a Chinese New Year Celebration every year in the Winter. So much fun. They also have Happy Hour concerts outside in the gardens during the Summer. Always look forward to it!
I have been going to this museum every few months for the last ten years or so, and it's always an enjoyable experience. The artifacts are great and the architecture makes for a great building to house them. I also like that they offer a lot of interesting events and tours. 

But I do have some complaints. For one, the place needs to be updated if it means to compete with other more interactive museum experiences. This is especially true for keeping the interest of children, who will quickly bore of seeing nothing but artifacts and very little in the way of hands on activities. 
The next is in regard to the hours they keep and their guest services. It's very difficult for me as a person who works weekends to find the time to visit. What is even worse is that the last time I did visit, to see the Silk Road exhibit, the hours they had posted online stated that they closed at 9pm. But when we arrived we were told that they closed at 8pm. Had I known this when I bought the tickets, I'd have chosen an earlier timed ticket. So my wife's first visit to the museum was essentially ruined because we had no time to view any of the galleries. When I wrote to them about it, no one bothered to respond. Not exactly an impressive means of showing that they care about those who visit their museum.

This is not to say that you shouldn't visit though! It's one of the essential must-see museums in the area if you're into ancient history. I just wish they put a little more time into making it friendly and accessible.
Great old museum. The building and architecture are just as impressive as the artifacts of the museum. 

Great Egypt displays and a wonderful spynx. 

They have night at the museum programs and host lots of school trips. 

If you have an opportunity to see this museum, then you absolutely need to see it
Well organized, expansive museum that's not as overwhelming as a place like the MET or AMNH (which I do adore).  Sections on Israel, Rome, Greece, Etruria, the Middle East, and more.  Their Egyptian and Asian section is spectacular, and is housed in a beautiful rotunda.  They also have wonderful Native American/First Nation people/Central American peoples exhibits with easy to use, fun interactive kiosks so you can learn more about the artists or artifacts that interest you.  They also have a well done small African section.

I spent about three hours here, including a leisurely lunch at the cafe, which includes basic sandwiches, snacks, and drinks--and isn't as expensive as other museum cafes--assuming because it's a campus museum.

You could spend more time if you read every single thing, but I focused more on specific things that interested me.  I did this along with the mutter museum.  It's about a mile walk between the two.  Mutter takes about 1-1 1/2 hours.  I finished up around 2 after starting at 10 AM.
I didn't pay so I don't know how I would rate the museum for value.   I visited on a weekday and had a semiprivate tour of the Midas exhibit.   I hadn't been here for some years and it was clear that some areas got a refresher but some still need work.   Some galleries are not air conditioned and are  a bit stinky - one in particular smelled like garlic.   The acoustics are not great in some areas either.   However, the exhibits are great and they have an fishbowl area where you can observe as the conservators at work. It's a short walk from the University City train station stop.
What an improvement. The entrance is bright and more modern with the Sphinx in the middle of the room. 

Staff is very friendly and reinforcing the COVID-19 guidelines such as the proper use of mask. My friend's mask didn't cover her nose so she gave her a disposition mask. 

My favorite is the Egyptian and Chinese collections. 

Closes at 5
The Penn Museum is a world class museum. Their Ancient Egypt collection, which includes the largest Sphinx in the Western Hemisphere and one of the largest outside Egypt, a permanent exhibit on mummification, which includes a wrapped mummy, exposed mummified remains, cat mummies, etc., and very well preserved statues from the reigns of Egypt's most famous Pharoahs, is the biggest draw. However, they also have a fantastic collection of sub-Saharan African artifacts and of mid-Atlantic Native American materials, and their East Asian collection includes some real gems.

On my recent visit, I spent much of my time in their featured main-floor exhibit on ancient Mesopotamia/the Ancient Near East. I studied these cultures to some degree as a college student and try to visit exhibits on them whenever I can, and this might've been the best exhibit I've seen of more than a dozen. It has incredible unique items like a pretty well preserved early Babylonian copy of Gilgamesh, and some of the best written narration as you walk through the exhibit as I've seen. It manages to provide enough information and insight that I'd recommend it to subject matter experts while also making the exhibit accessible to everyone else who's like to spend a couple of hours casually learning.

It's a very well done museum that I'd recommend to just about anyone.
Impressive museum for its size and affiliation, can be a tad difficult to find and parking in the garage next door will cost you (we paid $10 for under 2 hours).
I've been dying to come here for their Egyptian exhibit and I made it 40 minutes before closing on my last day in Philly! (They close at 5) YES Jackpot!!!

I zipped straight to the beautiful Egyptian exhibit on the first floor and was blown away by the huge captivating sphinx in the middle of the room surrounded by 4 pillars. 

The 3rd floor mummy exhibits were colorful and descriptive, and though this Egyptian exhibit is smaller than that of the NYC MET, it is equally as intriguing and equally as magnificent as the MET.

I am very satisfied with my quick trip to PENN!
First impression: From the second you walk through the gates, Penn Museum is an otherworldly experience! The beautiful tranquility of the Koi pond is now dwarfed by the steely new Penn Pavilion tower. Just like the renovated museum interior, it's a beautiful juxtaposition of classical and modern architectural influences. Exhibit-wise, I particularly enjoyed the Ancient Egypt / Ancient Rome wings. I crawled through at a snail's pace, but I'd love to come back for a second look soon.
