It took me a couple of visits to Fishtown to get it. Penn Treaty Park was one of the first spots I checked out that made me realize that I dig the neighborhood. This small park is along the Delaware River and next to - of all things - a power plant. It's like industrial surroundings and then - boom - cute local park. When I visited, there were parents with their kids at the playground, and a few couples walking around. There was a dog and his owner playing frisbee. I checked out the view of Camden across the river, and the William Penn statue. You can't turn around in Philadelphia without encountering history, which is pretty cool.  

I drove there with my husband. There is a parking area, but it's small and it was full when we got there. We ended up parking the car in front of the power plant; our parking job was a little sketchy, but luckily the car was still there and not towed. Also, another FYI, there are no bathrooms at this park.
I had come across this park years ago, and have always kept it in mind, but never got back around to getting there, that is until yesterday afternoon.

I wanted to clear my mind and look at some scenery, which just so happens to be one of my favorite things to do. So I parked my car and got out for a walk. definitely a great space for dog walking, picnics, families, and kids (there is a park).

Not a lot of trash floating around, which was surprising. A lot of dogs with their owners. I have to bring mine on my next trip. Awesome view of the ben franklin bridge. Ducks in the water by the openings, which was nice.

LOTS of abundant, open space. Lots of grass, and I didn't see one pile of dog poop which means pet owners are acting responsibly.
Tucked away in the armpit of the city (I say that with the utmost love and devotion), Penn Treaty is a great spot for chillin' the heck out. Not to mention, um, taking part in the activities the community puts on here: Shadfest, Waterfront Wednesdays (free concerts! woo!), clean up days, etc. And for those romantics out there, it's a great date spot.

The park definitely appeals to all walks of life: new-to-the-area-sort-of-upper-crust families, Fishtown teens looking for a place to do their teenager thing, office folks from the adjacent building, bike riders and runners taking a break ... the list goes on. Diversity is certainly present here (yay for that!) and, unless there's a big event, the park is never overly crowded. Awesome, huh?

Two more things: PTP is pretty clean, thanks in part to the Friends of Penn Treaty Park organization, and being able to sit on the rocks right by the water is just goddamn cool.
This park has been my go to since covid started. I would take my lunch break and walk through this park every day I was working from home when I lived in Northern Liberties. 

Now I live further away but made the walk down this past weekend. I adopted a dog during quarantine so my one complaint is that there is no dog park section/a lot of unleashed dogs so it's a little tricky bringing my dog here.

I'll definitely be back and hopefully can enjoy this park a few more times before it's too cold.
Who knew such a lovely park existed on the Delaware Banks in Fishtown? I certainly didn't - at least, not until I attended the Fishtown RiverCity Festival on Saturday. That festival enabled me to see more of this section of the city than ever before, thanks to the 5K fun run that kicked off the event. An awesome beer tent and loads of food vendors provided sustenance as our group of yelpers chilled in the sun, chatting and laughing it up and making new friends along the way. 

The large expanse of freshly mowed grass and a clear view of the river felt far from Center City. I'm so happy every time I discover a new park within Philadelphia, and this was no exception.
I've had this place on my list to check out earlier this year and finally had the opportunity during our weekly family day on a Saturday.  It was a hot and humid day so we thought it might be crowded so we decided to drive instead of walking in case we had to go somewhere else.  Turns out there was tons of parking available mid day and the park wasn't crowded.

There were people preparing for some sort of party, folks jogging, having a picnic, sitting on benches, and chasing children.  We opted to walk around the path and take in the views.  The views across the river was beautiful.  And there were distinguishing paths for walking/running and biking.  Our little one was excited but fell asleep during our walk only to wake up to the sounds and a sight of older children playing in the playground.  If I were a child I would have a great time in the playground.

The reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because once we were ending our time at the park we saw a bunch of needles and bloodied napkins.  Clearly other activities happen there and all I can think of is how dangerous that is with children playing a few feet away.  Not sure what can be done but would hope that won't be an in issue in the near future.
First time I came here was 6/20/15. A guy I used to work with told me about this park so I decided to come here so I can get some good pics of the Ben Franklin Bridge and other things. The park is really nice and it's pretty big. This is a park where you can relax, play with your dogs, have a BBQ, etc. They do have events here which is really not a problem.
My first experience in Penn Treaty Park was going to see The War On Drugs play their incredible music in front of the Waterfront. So that's a winner already! But I also got to experience just how majestic this place is.

Although it being tucked away in the armpit of the city (great description Jill!) Meant that it didn't have the traditional waterfront view of the city skyline that I'm so used to, It did mean that I had a rare waterfront view of Ben Franklin Bridge, as well as several schooners, and some -er- factories. At least the bridge and sailboats were pleasant to look at. 

The field was vast and stupendous! there were several people around us for the concert but you couldn't feel them near you at all. It might just be the perfect spot to do Yelpluck 2 because the possibilities of things to do inside it were endless. I might not be down for the other two concerts (Espers here or Kurt Vile at Rittenhouse?). But I look forward to spending many more occasions inside it!
I run through here quite a bit. Let's get some things straight... this is a city park, so you will find snippets of trash as well as flotsam from the DE River. We aren't in the burbs in NJ... however, the views of the bridge and the wide open space are unparalleled for the NoLibs/Fishtown area. Shadfest is always a blast and this park always seems to attract families and BBQers. Lots of folks fish by the power plant and off the rocks... and the power plant does provide an interesting industrial backdrop to the place.
As far as safety - the treed area by the power plant does get rather dark at dawn/dusk and can be daunting. I've personally never seen needles or condoms like other reviewers purportedly seen... and for that matter, never seen any Park Police either.
It's a shame that, now that this is under Fairmount Parks Comission, more budget is not dedicated to this park because it could be spectacular.  I'd set expectations accordingly when visiting. 
I'd give this place a 3.5... but yelp doesnt do half-stars.
This is my most favorite place in the entire city as of right now.  

Nestled right off Delaware avenue, this grossly underutilized and glorious park is always filled with diverse people and interesting scenery. My dog has the time of his life. It's great for grilling, picnicking, kite-flying, frisbee, wiffleball, setting off fireworks, smoking on the rocks, swinging in a hammock, strolling, and people-watching. And yes, as Brynn pointed out, for making out.
Starting tomorrow, July 15, there will be bands playing there weekly as well. http://www.penntreatymusic.com/ for schedule. 
I guarantee you will enjoy your day there. Just please, clean up your trash!
I came here on a foggy Monday afternoon.  My lover and I brought jars of capers, olives, and sardines (captains delight!). If I was to rate.this park on the quality of the dirt alone it would receive 5 stars - such a fluffy temperate dirt, one that makes one yearn for your sweaty youth by the river catching succulent chickadees below the willows to feed the neighbors shorthaired. 

Minus one star, for come the gloaming, mid-embrace, I spotted a husky silhouette nary the size and stature of a hairless raccoon to the west.  The gremlin waddled towards us with the hobble of a club-footed daemon in a whirling dervish.  Clumsy but determined it gurgled our way.  We were left with no option but to flee, weighed down by the heavenly briney snacks we had so recently carelessly shoveled into one anothers mouths. 
Will be back soon.
Lush and green, this was a pleasant surprise.  Tucked in an industrial section of town by the river (there's a huge old power plant on one side), this was an unexpected delight.  

There's a nice breeze off the river, trees and greenery block a lot of the scuzzier nearby views and you can also see the Benjamin Franklin bridge not too far off.

Also close to that casino if you want to lose some money after enjoying nature.

The grass is really nice here.  I attended a beer festival and found myself hoping all the people wouldn't kill such a nice lawn.
just ran a race here. lived here all my life and never hung out here. the view is beautiful!!!!! its clean and pretty. dogs, dogs, dogs! what a great place to chill. have a picnic, walk your furry friend.  it was my first time, but def not my last!
Philly PA
This is an incredibly beautiful spot where you can see the Ben Franklin bridge. Who would have thought? And there is a small parking lot making it really convenient. I think it is better than Penn's Landing sometimes!
I love that this park is huge and mostly open space, so visitors can spread blankets for picnics, kids can play catch or kick a ball around or generally frolic, and no one risks being in anyone else's way. There are paths winding through and benches to sit on, and all of that is very nice.

I think it was going down near the water that gave me the creeps. There was graffiti on the wall, and tons of trash strewn amongst the rocks. It's hard to see a used condom on the ground and still think a park is all sunshine and butterflies. Still, I understand that it's difficult to keep a city park clean, and it's not like there was trash on the ground in the park proper, so I'm sure it's still a very nice place to come and spend some time while the weather is nice.
Penn Treaty Park at Columbia and Delaware Avenue is an oasis amidst the concrete and traffic along the waterfront. There is nothing like sitting on the rocks and looking across the water. It's a spacious park, but there is something about it that feels small and intimate.
This park is the site of the peace treaty signed between William Penn and the Native Americans. It sits between the old Electric Company building and Sugarhouse Casino, which was built on top of another historic site that was highly contested, but money always seems to win in this world. 

During the summer months, this park is lively with picnickers, dogs, and children. I bring my dogs here to walk around and explore when I don't have enough time to go to the Wissahickon for a hike. I believe it's 10 acres, so not very large, but large enough for a quick stroll. There's a newly renovated playground that sits under the shade of old poplar trees. There is also a wonderful willow tree that I like to bring a blanket and lay under.

Its position north of the downtown area lends to a great view of the Ben Franklin Bridge and the city skyline. 

I've been coming here for over 10 years and not much has changed in terms of the vibe. On nice days you will see locals fishing, though I wouldn't recommend it as reports say you should eat less than one fish a year from the Delaware River. I'm interested to see how things will change once they turn the Electric Company into condos.
Haven't been here in years. Looks better than I remember still relaxing with some new additions still a great view of the river. Looking forward to seeing the new trees planted. Will definitely be back.
This is a neat little park in philadelphia's redeveloping waterfront. The park offers some great views of the city's high rise buildings, penn's landing, and the ben franklin bridge. My girlfriend and I have a knack for planning low-cost activities (if it's free, it's for me), so Penn Treaty Park makes for a perfect day date (no shower required for the day date). 

If you have children, there's playground equipment that will keep the little rascals entertained for hours. 

And, close by the working river, you can watch ocean freighters and local tugs wend their way along the shipping channel close to the park's shoreline.
This is one of the best, most undiscovered parks in the city!  It's right on the Delaware River with unobstructed views of center city, the river, the BF bridge and Camden.  Perfect spot for a little Sunday wine & cheese picnic.  Oh, and it's also THE makeout destination for kids or other people who for whatever reason can't bring their love partner home.  Highly recommended!
This is my Zen! I promise you that this park is Magical, upon entering all problems, stresses and unhappy thoughts leave you. Smelling the aroma of the greens and the fresh dew, feeling the rays of the sun shining on your face and the breeze from the water whispering through your hair. Seeing the elder folks walking down the rolling paved  lane to the river holding hands looking like "head over heels"  in love teenagers ,  hearing the laughter of the  children on the swings, one glance away a Father teaching his child how to ride a 2 wheeler, another glance a father & son playing catch. Then just a smudge beyond them squirrels playing tag,
Dogs playing frisbee while the young lady lays on a blanket reading her novel, an aspiring film maker doing a scene a hop away from the sea wall looking out at the river and then there is my Kita and Sebastian thinking it's their own backyard dancing through all these Wonderful  Life forms doing their own things but yet completing a "perfect"' setting that is nothing less then Phenomenal.......
This is an average too below average park. It doesn't have  enough parking and the walk path isn't much. It wasn't well maintained and a little flooded, to be fair we went after recent rain the day before. There was a bum, seeming to be living there with his bum friends. The park has dogs off their leashes running around freely, which isn't really a concern for me and my family we like dogs just thought it was important to mention. Kids can play  there and people were fishing there even though I wouldn't. The very best this this park has to offer is the view of the bridge and the connecting cities of Philly and Camden. It is a great view, and the highlight of the small park. We will probably return but other parks in the city are held higher on our list.
Pull up and picnic. 

It's a beautiful and clean park usually with a few families, some dogs, some older men fishing, and just people relaxing. 

You'll see people laying up on picnic blankets, playing fetch with dogs, kids playing in the small playground area, people doing yoga and running, etc. 

They also have a small parking lot and a few porta potty. 

Bring some snacks, some things to play with, a blanket and you good. Pick an open spot under the sun or a spot under a tree. And you good.
Great park, plenty of parking, waterfront, lots of space to stretch out or play in the grass, not far from Yard's Brewing Company! What more can you ask for in a park!?
Same as everyone else, this place is fantastic.

The only advice I can give you is go late at night. I go there every once in a while around 2 am and there's very few people there sitting and relaxing or walking their dogs. It's a great time to sit on the rocks and look at how awesome the water looks from all of the lights on the bridge. It's also a great light show!
"As the evening sky faded from a salmon color to a sort of flint gray, I thought back to the salmon I caught that morning, and how gray he was, and how I named him Flint."

My gal and I stopped in at this park on a pleasant Spring day this year and took in it's urban, trash-strewn lawn and beautiful view of Camden factories and Philly warehouses.

If you live close, it is a nice place. If you live where I do, you're probably spoiled and prone to writing snarky comments about an otherwise nice place to hang out on a Saturday or Sunday.
What else is there to say that hasn't been mentioned?  This place is an urban oasis on the Delaware that doesn't get nearly enough props - and maybe that's a good thing.  Clean, tons of green space, and plenty of shady spots for a hot summer day.  

I'll be seeing you a lot this summer, Penn Treaty.
It's a cool park and all but people need to learn that smashing beer bottles isn't cool.  and for goodness sake people, PICK UP YOUR DOG CRAP!    They need park officials there just to arrest drunk bottle smashers and people who think they are too good to pick up their dog's crap.

Other than those two things, very cool views, lots of people fishing, a few homeless guys hang out there - very friendly.  This is where I usually go to play some soccer with friends.
This park is a treasure to have in Fishtown! Penn Treaty Park is for the tiniest human (children), to the furriest animals (dogs), to the people wanting fresh air and move their body (me), to the wisest of them all (our elderly beloveds). This park is for anyone needing to be blessed by nature. I love it!

First, there's easy parking right next to the park -- which is an absolute plus to have in the city! It's scenic, has a lovely playground for the kiddos to play, so many places to just sit and chat or just feel/look at nature, people are able to bring their dogs to play/walk, picnic, read a book, etc. I desperately needed fresh air on this day (had a headache that would not go away) and just to walk around outside. It was serene on this particular morning. Definitely could have meditated too. A decent amount of people were walking around, talking and exercising.

The view is wonderful! You can see the Ben Franklin Bridge, the water, trees, grass, and there's signs that the area is being renovated which is a plus. I enjoyed my visit on this beautiful sunny day.

This park is great! I cannot wait to go back!
