Penny pack Park is my little oasis in the big city.  It is the type of place where you always find somewhere new every time you go.  Nothing beats riding my bike in the park on a nice day.  The lovely scenery makes you forget you are in the middle of Philly.  
Oh, and the concerts are lots of fun.
I'm removing a star for the alarming frequency with which satanic rituals, murders, and aggravated assaults occur within its boundaries.  But other than that it is a gem.
Reading these reviews I seriously wonder what part of the park some of these reviewers are talking about. I go into the park using either the Pine Road entrance or the Tabor entrance off of Rhawn. I have never seen graffiti or trash on the trails and I have been to almost every inch of this park. There is winding paths all over the place with all different size hills. The wildlife is amazing. Just the other day I walked with my husband and saw a horse, a woodpecker, a snake, ducks, a deer and a family of geese. I've been in the park in the day and at night many times and never had a problem. Granted if you go somewhere at night you need to watch your back no matter where you are. I've NEVER seen wild, feral and loose dogs without owners. There are some owners that let their dogs off leash but they are never far behind. The park and bathrooms are extremely clean and the paths are wide enough to accommodate bikers and walkers. Enjoy a nice walk or a picnic in this beautiful park. I promise you won't regret it.
Now I am all for nature and ecvrything but ummmm.....don't go in the dark-you probably wont make it home alive.  It sucks that things have gotten so bad but just dont.  They find dead bodies there all the time.  I would go walk around the park during the day time (even that is a risk) but definitely not at night.
The entrance way is atrocious. The number and size of each pothole continues to increase and the problem didn't just start this year. They've continued to ignore the glaring issue. On my last visit there were city workers "inspecting" the area, truly doing nothing more than talking to one another. I'd say a good majority of this park isn't kept up. 

About 4-5 miles down the trail you'll come to a bridge which is wrapped on one side with caution tape due to a tree that fell breaking the wooden barrier. Instead of repairing what needs attention, they continue to either disregard the situation or mediate it with some terrible mediocre solution.
I have been here a million times in my life. At all different stages. As a kid we played for hours upon hours exploring. As a teenager we got involved in shennanaghans drinking and whatnot. But we never littered or acted a fool. We respected the park.. After I became a mother, I would take my son here on every beautiful day. Riding bikes, rollerblading, feeding ducks or having a picnic. I have seen concerts in the summer and trained for a marathon. This past weekend I rode my bike for miles through it. The water is so calming. It is always clean. Awesome dogs who know their way around. Wildlife you had no idea existed in Philadelphia. The best part? It's in NE Philly. Most Philadelphians do not know about it. Such a shame for them but better for me. I have not lived in the NE in many years, but I never stopped going to the park. It is beautiful and serene. In the summer, the trees become overgrown and the pathways turn into gorgeous green tunnels with shade that protects you from the heat. In the winter the trees keep the wind away protecting you from the cold. Every season is the perfect season for the park. See the pics attached to the review. You be the judge.
This park is like a hidden oasis 'smack dab in the middle' of Northeast Philly.  It's a free park, I think it is considered part of the Fairmount Park system?  I have used the park for both jogging and mountain biking. The park has miles of single track for all levels (beginner to advanced) with short, quick climbs & descents. It has a mixture of hard pack, loose gravel & some sand along the Pennypack Creek. You have to do some exploring to find some of the trails.  The park also has nine miles of paved bike/jogging path (18 mile round trip). The trail will take you all the way to the Delaware river. (in some sections, the paved trail ends, you have to then cross a street intersection, then you can continue on the trail).  Don't discount the paved path, you can get an endurance workout! Along the pathway is horse trails that you can walk on with steep hills (not sure if you are allowed to bike on them, watch out for the horse poop). You will encounter some small waterfalls,  wooden bridges, pass under some cool overpass/bridges (arced) etc. I usually like to enter the park at the 'Pine Road' trail entrance (I feel safe parking my vehicle there).  I am not sure of the exact address for this Pine Road entrance but it is across the 'Fox Chase Farm', GPS coordinates  +40° 5 21.54, -75° 4 19.76. I have only been to this park during the daytime so I can't account for whether or not  the park is safe at early evening/night time. I usually go on Saturday afternoon or on a weekday if I have the day off.  In the summer, it seems to be a few degrees cooler in some of the shaded areas. Here is a link to a detailed trail map: http://www.friendsofpennypackpark.org/foppmap2.jpg  ........I like this park.
I go to this park all the time because there is an entrance less than a minute from my house. The only reason I go here is because it is close to my home and there are trails that are not very populated (if you stay off the paved trails). Besides that, this park is not the best (due to the influence of people...other than that it is beautiful) and I would not recommend it.  The worst part is the INSANE amount of trash EVERYWHERE in some areas. Near the main entrance (near Veree/Bloomfield) is cleaner but the entrance on Rhawn St is atrocious...not to mention the insane pot holes in the parking lot. The worst areas are "party areas" which are spots that I assume teenagers come and drink and do not throw away anything. In these spots you will find tons of Twisted Tea bottles (their favorite), used condoms, etc. They also like to break bottles so there is broken glass everywhere (beware if you have little kids/dogs).

My next concern is the insane amount of irresponsible people not putting their dogs on leashes. EVERY SINGLE TIME I have been here (my husband and I bring our 3 large dogs ON leash and have been at least 100 times) an unleashed dog runs up to us while their owner doesn't even bother to get them and just yells that they're friendly. Like okkkk I don't care if they are friendly or not the law is to keep them on a leash plus I don't want to be harassed by your dog, you don't know if MY dogs are friendly especially with a strange dog running up to their 'pack' and dogs are animals meaning they can be unpredictable so just because Fido is usually friendly doesn't mean they won't change in unfamiliar situations. Not to mention when I ask the owner to please come get their dog most people take forever and often act inconvenienced and just plain rude about it. There have been several occasions where aggressive dogs run up to my dogs and try to pick a fight. My husband and I then have to get in between the dogs and try to keep them separated while the owner comes and gets their dog, which is obviously not safe for us. I would honestly be terrified to bring a small dog or child due to the times that we have been approached by growling aggressive dogs with no owner in sight. Just today we passed a woman with three dogs and we gave her an ample amount of time to put on leashs and even went far off the trail to let them pass without incident, but she didnt bother to leash them and one dog ran towards us growling. I get wanting to have your dog off leash to let them get exercise but it is unsafe if you cannot control your dog and there are dog parks for just this purpose. If you absolutely have to be inconsiderate of other people's enjoyment of the park and have your dog off leash at the minimum when you see someone approaching PUT THEM ON A LEASH.
I can't give this park a glowing review. Since I did not grow up in the area I have no sentimental attachment to it. So this is a more objective review after going to it several times over the last few years. It is dirty. The trails are not well kept. Said trails are not really wide enough to walk and have biker/horse-riders pass without having to step off into the mud to accommodate them. There is a lot of trash on the ground with very few and far between places to throw it out. Most stationary objects have been covered by graffiti or carved into. No responsible game management i.e. don't feed the ducks because it is bad for them & thus they are like annoying seagulls at the beach that have become less afraid of people. Also I have several times seen loose dogs in the area, by this I mean with no owner, tags, etc. which I assume were either dumped and left to fend for themselves or are feral. On a whole this park is less than dog friendly. With the multitudes of bikes, rollerbladers, horses (which poop everywhere! & no on cleans up), on the tiny trails, if you have a smaller dog like mine, you have to be on constant alert to not have your dog trampled or run over. Maybe I am at the wrong end of this park but I am not getting any of the majestic sounding scenery that other describe. I cannot not recommend this park when there are others that are much better, with better trails & maintenance within a reasonable driving distance to the far NE Philly area. But on that note if you don't have a car this is the best you are going to get in the area.
This is my go to park to walk the trails, and have picnics with my daughter. Whenever we come we walk the trails and explore the different plant life and animals that we see along the trails. 

We also set up for a picnic and feed the geese and ducks. Its fun feeding them but beware that they come up out the water and aren't shy, they will run after you!! 


there's a spot where there is sand and the lake meets and you can take your dogs down there, its a perfect spot for them to run around and swim.
I don't know why there wasn't already an added spot on Pennypack, but I'm creating one so now ppl can check in if they go for a walk in the woods on Pennypack Trail. There's a pleasant waterfall-dam to stop at near the bathrooms on the trail about a mile from the Pine Rd. entrance and a few paces from the Veree Rd. entrance.

There are no playgrounds, but it's great to have a near by place to de-stress and get back to nature for a little bit. Maybe even have a picnic!

Watch out for worms, though. The woods are sadly overpopulated with a variety of worm species, which can be found simply by scraping back loose topsoil. It's a shame because they are destroying the soil and causing massive erosion. So if you need some bait for fishing, don't bother buying any, just walk along the trail and find hundreds. And especially don't dump any leftovers! They will procreate! RIP salamanders....you will be missed.
For years I took Pennypack for granted. It wasn't until I moved back to the NE a couple years ago that I rediscovered what a great park it is. The paved trail goes on for miles and is a great place for biking and running. It's slightly hilly depending on what section of the trail you're on -- so it's really great for training. I can not believe how much wildlife is in the park. I've seen families of deer, ducks, geese, racoons, rabbits, and even a toad once. The only downfall is that some parts of the park are super littered. Aside from that, the park is beautiful no matter what time of year.
So my review is specifically for the part of the part you can reach from Winchester Avenue. I used to live next to the park and would often go there for a walk, and all in all, it's a lovely park with long winding trails that you can get lost in for a day. But you better head out by nightfall, because there's some seriously shady characters around. I was always warned to not even walk by the park at night, due to the amount of creepers that hang out there in the dark. And be warned there's wild dogs in there. Specifically there was a feral pitbull female with puppies that lived near the beginning of the left path in that area. I'm really not kidding you.

I bet you're surprised I'm giving this park a high rating then. Ultimately it comes down to the fact that the park is beautiful, and I'm very nostalgic. Check it out in the day time, it's an adventure at least.
I have always loved Pennypack Park ever since I was a little kid. We used to walk through, stop at The falls, jump off and go under the falls. It was always a good time. We used to go down on opening day every year. The fishing is always relaxing. I rode my bike through there all of the time when I was younger. 
Now my Wife and I just leisurely walk through and check out the nature, very peaceful. If you have never been there I suggest you check it out.
I love the trails and especially the PennyPack Music Festival concert series held on Wednesday evenings during the summer.
Pennypack Park has a great quiet path good for a walk through peaceful nature, walking your dog, relaxing on a bench and watching the creek, and getting some exercise. A great, spacious park!
I guess if you live in the area the park is nice and a gift to the neighborhood but coming from NWPhilly, where we have Wissahikon, Pennypack was a bit of a disappointment. It was unkept and filthy. Bottles cans socks plastic bags and more were strewn about. The structures are scary, screaming stay away! Maybe they're even lived in? Here's a yikes! the one port-a-potty I encountered was literally smeared in shit, no kidding. And lastly, not that there's anything wrong with it, but the lot I parked in was heavily cruised mid-day, mid-week.
So, I am not really sure what to say about this. My boyfriend and I went on a biking date one weekend along the trail.  Some areas were neat, while others were rather sketchy.  I think that after biking on this trail once, I do not need to go back.
This place is really a gem.  Set on over 1600 acres, it is really possible to get lost in here.  There is abundant wildlife -- deer typically being the largest.  There are grassy knolls, great for a secluded picnic, and of course the creek.

If you go, please be smart.  Do not try to swim in the creek.  There are many places where you can cross it safely, but it has a lot of rocks and especially after heavy rains, the current gets very strong.

So get out there, and enjoy this urban oasis.  Forget for a few hours that you're in a major metro area.  It's worth it!
The park is so big - depending on where you enter determines your park experience! 
We enjoy the large field and hiking along the horse trail (beware of horse poop). My dog had a great time swimming in the river too! Perfect, quick trails for the not so outdoorsy folks!
I love this park it makes upper northeast Philly. Beautiful and it has great bike paths. Friendly people and quiet. Eastern part of the park past Holme Ave is more sketchy. But western side is awesome like verree and pine
David Burke is retired and loves to go on morning walks at this fabulous park. He has lost 30 lbs so far! If you loves walks and company please join him and please join "Fox Chase forever", on Facebook. Dave also goes by the name Phil.
Great clean park. Not too busy. Nice for a walk. See people fishing. Kids riding bikes. Not too noisy. Parking is easy!
