Much improved over the years and in winter my teen enjoys the River Rink.

Lots to see and do in summer, too.
Famous for Fireworks (and crowds) on July 4th.
I love Penn's Landing, I usually come with my family to watch the fireworks on 4th of July. We usually park our truck in the parking lot and put the tail gate down and watch the fireworks while we sit in the tail gate. 

The fireworks show is always so nice, and lasts fairly long.

Its nice to watch the fireworks over the water and see the reflection in the river. 

I also like Penn's Landing because of the ice skating that they have, and have been here a few times to skate. 

Before I had my back injury, I used to skate with my family down at the river rink at Penn's Landing, but now my daughter goes with her aunts here.
I absolutely LOVE what Philadelphia has done with their riverfront! A certain Western Pennsylvania city should take notes on how they too could transform their riverfront into a prime destination, and not just one centered on expensive "trendy" restaurants (perhaps DC should take take notes as well). 

I love the setup here! Lots of hammocks set up all over for relaxation, lots of water features for the kids, and loungers and deck chairs available as well. My husband and I easily found a spot to sit in on a couch located on a deck. They had a cute craft market set up along one pathway during this visit. They also have giant games (connect 4 and jenga) in addition to giant blocks for building. There were two arcades nearby with all the typical arcade games. I also really liked the repurposed shipping containers that now house different food vendors. HipCityVeg (DCites will recognize that one) was there as was Franklin Fountains and Chickie & Petes. There were a few other vendors too that had vegetarian or vegan focuses. For $8 my husband and I bought a gigantic bag of Chickie & Pete's kettle corn seasoned with their crab seasoning for a bit of spicy and sweet. Best kettle corn ever! It kept for a few days after we bought it too. If you walked down a pier deck, there was a stand for alcoholic beverages which could be enjoyed down at the waterfront or closer to where we were in the loungers. 

They rent SUP, paddle boats, and kayaks as well. There was a ship that was part of the Seaport Museum that could be toured too. I can't say enough how I applaud Philly for it's riverfront and I can only hope my hometown of Pittsburgh can recreate something similar in the future!
Penn's Landing is a nice place to be able to relax and enjoy the view. First of all is is on the water so the view is excellent. Secondly, if you are an ice skater it is a nice size rink where one can skate and enjoy yourself. For those who can't skate like me, then you have the opportunity to go to the arcade and play. It's not just for kids. The facility has a concession stand where you can get snacks and food with a refreshment. Beer, wine and liquor is available for those old enough to partake. If it is cold outside you can grab your drink and sit by a fire and warm up. While relaxing you can play connect four, corn hole and other fun games as well. Overall it is a fun place you can enjoy with family and friends. I would imagine it is a lot of fun in the summertime as well.
Great place for families. They have an outdoor skating rink in front of the restaurant/ bar.  There's plenty of places to sit, including some very comfy wood rocking chairs. They sell food and alcohol for those interested. Don't miss out on paddle boating in big, white swans.
We caught the Plush bus down to Penn's Landing. It was a great deal, it rides to famous attractions in Philadelphia for $5 and seniors ride for free all day.

I love waterfronts and when I learned about Penn's Landing I had to go. It was a beautiful view of the Delaware river. They had activities such as roller skating, arcade games and more. It was a carnival type of set up.

The food was pretty good, we order steamed shrimp and corn from a seafood spot. Also, we had a watered down margarita and bay breeze.

I was very disappointed with the public bathroom area. There was a gentleman cleaning the grounds and bathrooms but they were HORRIBLE! Tip: use the bathroom prior to going and pray you don't have to go while there because they are FILTHY! 

Overall, Penn's Landing was worth the visit.
Not sure why my review wasn't posted something to do with not experiencing or being there. I live here and experienced the I 95 building & the destruction of the our water front. A news caster made a comment about the beautiful water front & my reply was it's a dump should be washed down the river. Has anyone really looked at this place in such disrepair??????
