Da uns der erste Parkplatz in der Chinatown suspekt war, haben wir unser Auto am zweiten Tag am Anfang der Market Street abgestellt. Hier befanden wir uns nur unweit vom Delaware River und Penns Landing.

In Penns Landing landete 1682 der englische Quäker William Penn mit seinem Boot und hat zum ersten Mal amerikanischen Boden betreten. Er war der Gründer der Stadt Philadelphia. Heute ist Penns Landing Bestandteil von einem großen Gebiet, das sich von der Market St. zur Lombard St. erstreckt.

Der Bereich des alten Hafens ist in einen Uferpark umgestaltet worden und in der Stadt ein beliebtes Naherholungsziel. Auf der schön gestalteten Great Plaza finden jedes Jahr das Riverblues- und das Jambalaya Jam - Festival statt. Auf der Blue Cross River Rink befindet sich im Winter eine beliebte Schlittschuhbahn.

Ältere Holz-Segelschiffe liegen am Delaware River vor Anker, darunter die "Gazela of Philadelphia" als das ältestes Schiff. Es wird gleichzeitig als Museumsschiff genutzt. Es ist das letzte Schiff einer Kabeljau Angelflotte und war von 1883 bis 1969 in Betrieb.

In der Nähe befindet sich das "Independence Seaport Museum", das Marinemuseum der Stadt Philadelphia. Ein wirklich sehenswerter Teil der Stadt.
I love all waterfront shopping and dining areas, and Penn's Landing is no exception.  Named in honor of William Penn's Philadelphia landing in 1682, this waterfront area has hosted tons of events and entertainment over the years.  Things are a little strained this Labor Day weekend 2021, as masks are mandated throughout the city indoors as well as 6 feet of personal space.  Many citizens are wearing masks outside as well.  Some weekend events have been cancelled.  
     I still think Penn's Landing is worth a visit to stroll the lovely parks and catch the view of the magnificent Ben Franklin Bridge and Delaware River.  If you love to walk like me, Penn's Landing is a place you need to visit.  The waterfront is kept clean and public restrooms are available.  I felt safe here; park is open 7 days a week from dawn to dusk.  Parking is $20 flat rate if you come by car.
"Screenings Under the Stars" at the Great Plaza Stage review--Who wants to always pay $10 or more per person to go to the movies? No one. Who wants to watch a good movie outdoors on Penn's Landing for free? Everyone!

See, that's the beauty of the summer...and the beauty of ballin' on a budget. Bring your own snacks and drinks, a chair or blanket, and come and enjoy a great movie al fresco. This is happening every Thursday night until August 25th, 2011.

The next films to be shown are The Social Network (July 21st) and Eat, Pray, Love (July 28th).
There's a lot of concrete here. 

Are those toilets or fountains?  If they're fountains, why doesn't the water run? 

Did they film Candyman in the bathrooms downstairs? 

If you're here early to set up for an event, joggers who aren't allowed in will give you the stinkeye. 

The screens around the stage look like IKEA flags. Where can I get Swedish meatballs? 

View to the East: New Jersey.
View to the South: parking lot.
View to the West: highway.
View to the North: Walt Whitman Bridge, combining the best of the highway with New Jersey!

Thing I liked best about Penn's Landing: Coast Guard air rescue practice going on right past the fakey pirate ship.
What can I say about this quintessential Philadelphia gathering space. Great place to stroll or bike from piers to parks. Great place to see street performers. Great place for festivals and fireworks but I love it just for the water. It can get pretty crowded during events but for the most part there's always a place to sit and enjoy the water front views
Place to chill, i am a big fan!  Very open and just relaxed.  Can't really compare it to waterfronts in other cities because there is not much "going on," however, that is what makes it kinda nice.

Concert venue, eh...quite large - so i'll have to say...depends on the artist.  It is pretty dope to hear a great song in the evening with the moon out and having the bridge all lit up as a backdrop, and you can FEEL the energy of this amazing city!
This review is specifically for "Screenings Under the Stars." 

There's nothing like grabbing a cheesesteak and heading over to Penn's landing for an outdoor movie.  Every Thursday in July and August , the Delaware Riverfront Water Corporation sponsors the screening of a different film for your enjoyment.

Why you need to come:

-Um, it's free? How many things in this world are really, truly 100% no-you-don't-need-to-reach-into-your-pocket GRATIS?! My point exactly. Sometimes, they even throw in some free samples from their sponsors (mm stonyfield honey mango yogurt)

-It's convenient.  The el/bus 33,17,25,43/a nightly stroll. Whatever it is, Penn's landing is an easy place to meet up with friends living all over the city. SEPTA actually makes it kind of painless (gasp) to get here.

-It's an excuse to spend an entire evening outside.  I don't know about you, but after working inside most of the day, I am more than ready for some fresh air! - Feel the breeze on your face, stretch out your legs and admire the orange-tinted moon as it climaxes (along with the movie!) above the Camden waterfront. 

-Fantastic Mr. Fox. Love.

Quick recap for all my ADD friends out there: you + friends + cushion + Penn's landing = necessary. Go.
I'm probably a little biased because I live at one of the piers on Penn's Landing.  Sure, the water's a little brown and the riverview overlooks Camden, but the waterfront and the view of the Ben Franklin Bridge are still worth checking out.  Penn's Landing is also one of the greatest places to check out 4th of July Fireworks and the people who plan the events for Penn's Landing put together some pretty great stuff -- including occasional free Summer concerts and Jam on the River (where the Flaming Lips will be headlining this month.)  Basically, I think you should look past the murky waters and check out some of the other stuff that Penn's Landing offers.
As a native of Philly, it's hard for me to evaluate Penn's Landing objectively.  It's just always been there, so I never thought about it much.  It's a great place for free concerts, festivals, etc., like Jam on the River for Memorial Day.  I'm a huge fan of Sippin' By the River, a beer and wine tasting event that they have every September.  The River Rink is a great place to ice skate outdoors in the winter.  Penn's Landing is on the water and is easily accessible from Olde City (by foot) or 95 (by car).  There's parking.  But it's not spectacular.  It could be cleaner, it can be sketchy at night if there's no event going on, and the Delaware is seriously polluted.    I'm also a little annoyed with the effulsive praise for Christopher Columbus on the Columbus memorial statue thing that they put up not that long ago.  I mean, the man accidentally discovered some islands (but was not the first European in the Western Continent, thank you, Lief Eriksson), brutally murdered some of the inhabitants, killed a lot of other natives by bringing over European diseases, kidnapped others to take them back to Europe, and treated his men so badly they nearly mutineed (more than once, I think).  Why give the man a monument?  And what's worse, they renamed Delaware Ave. "Columbus Boulevard."  That's great - change the name from the native inhabitants to that of the invader.  Lovely.  And why that location for Columbus Ave. and a Columbus monument?  The guy never set foot in Philly.  Why not name it William Penn Boulevard or something more appropriate? Or how about "landing spot for lots and lots of poor Irish folk" boulevard?  Just a thought.  Oh yeah, that reminds me, a HUGE monument to the Irish famine/Irish immigration is also near Penn's Landing, since Philly has the largest Irish-American population of any city in the country (nope, it's not Boston).

Anyway, my little rant aside, Penn's Landing is a cool place, but it's not the most spectacular waterfront on earth.  And I have no problem with Billy Penn.  Go Quakers.
Rather than trying to make a cohesive review of Penn's Landing, let me describe the features of this concrete park and recreation area. 

Fitness: Plenty of running spaces here, without worries of cars. But be mindful of the staff on golf carts, who frequently drive through. They won't run you down, but they may startle you. There are grassy areas by the Columbus phallus where you can stretch and do ground workouts. There are plenty of ramps and stairs to get your hill work in. Philly is pretty flat so the stairs add a level of difficulty to your workout.

Festivals: Lots of special events in the pavilion, with a covered stage area. Many of the events are free, but there are some that are pay only. Thus, there may be times your full access will be blocked by these events. 

Romance: The recessed seating areas along the water is make out point for lovers of all ages. I've done that myself, although it's in full view of passers by. So keep it classy!

Food and Water: No food vendors unless there's an event. This can be considered a good thing. There is limited access to water. I think there must be a fountain somewhere, but I use Race Pier for refreshment (2 blocks north of Penn's Landing). Some people may think it's gross that I drink from fountains, but back when I was a little girl, we didn't have portable water bottles. Instead, we drank desalinated water sourced from our sweat and tears. 

Reflection: The area in open at all times, I believe. It's a good place to look at the water, see twinkling lights on the Ben Franklin bridge, and reflect on how lucky we are to be healthy enough to be able to enjoy the sights.
We left the gorgeous parks by the art museum to come here on the suggestion of a local. It really doesn't compare. There are more activities here to be sure like kayaking and paddle boating and checking out the Army Corp boat, but the view of Camden is well....ugly. There aren't really that many parks or greenery. We didn't have time to stay for the Jazz, but I would imagine that at night, its much nicer.
We came here to see the world's largest rubber duck. It was a cluster....$12 for a multi-day pass. They had drinks and food - overpriced. The baby duck was on land available for photo ops while the mama duck was deflated...no bueno. 

It's hard to find parking here so I recommend taking public transportation. Spruce harbor park is located here (pop up beer garden in the summer). I wouldn't usually come here unless it's for an event.
Nice place to walk along the river and there are some places to sit as well. There's something like a stage too, but not sure what it's for. I came during the spring with some friends on the weekend just to walk around, and the view's not super impressive though we could see the bridge. Not the cleanest place but not too dirty, and there are public bathrooms too. Try parking on the street because the parking lot right next to this place is super expensive (though street parking isn't cheap either). Not too many people were there the day we went, but there didn't seem to be any events going on so maybe that's why. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here.
This is a review of the Festival Pier and the new River Stage. Both are great wheelchair accessible venues. With this matched with a beautiful night right off the Delaware they make for great venues.
Unfortunately, my first concert at Festival Pier left much to be desired. It was the Flaming Lips show last summer that ended in pouring rain and lightening. Aside from this, the service was great and the venue was very open and accessible. At the Festival Peir they let wheelchair users sit in the VIP area which is nice and there is nothing to obstruct your view. The staff is nice but they were kind of jerks about a few things like food. You pretty much have to purchase anything you consume there at the pier. Otherwise, it is nice so enjoy your night there.
The other/better venue on Penn's Landing is the new River Stage. I saw She & Him there last Friday and it was a great evening. When you walk in you have to take a right and go down a series of wide ramps that are fun to go down but be sure to go with someone or ask someone for help to get back up because it could take a while. The seating is set up as about 200 stairs going up and on the side of the stage. There are two levels of walkways about 50 and 100 feet from the stage. Between these and the ramps, they make for easy access. You can sit at the edge of the walkway facing the stage. Everyone stands when the concert starts so don't worry about being in someone's way. Also when they stand, the person in front of you will be blocking your view. It would be wise to sort this out and just ask if the person minds scooting over and making a gap. You might want to do this before the music starts. Then you will have a perfect view. My friend sat on a knee-high light post next to me and we had a great view. This place is nice and comfortable and I was able to scout out where I'm going to sit for My Morning Jacket in August! Enjoy guys.
This place is lame and is just a waste of concrete. I am giving it two stars for the possibility that I just missed something, apart that I walked out of my way to see and there was nothing but a crappy view.
Every major city has a peir/harbor and Philadelphia has Penn's Landing... being from Philly, lots of history, for one, did you know Penn's Landing is where William Penn, Philadelphia's founder, first touched ground in his "greene country towne."   PL runs off the west bank of the Delaware River.  
This is a prime area for festivals, concerts, fireworks, dining, partying, dancing, skating, strolling around with friends and/or dates... an area worth checking out for out of towners.  Just remember, it gets HOT in the summers and COLD in the winters!
I love penn's landing! such a cool place to vibe out. grab a hammock, check out a food truck, watch fireworks, kayak on the river. 

great place to take your family/children as well.
I love Penn's Landing, there are always so many different things to do in the area. I have watched the fireworks on the 4th of July many times down here, as well as skated at the river rink with my family and friends. 

In the summer, they have roller skating, carnivals and rides. There are so many things for both kids and their families to do down there. 

There are also many food options to choose from, and they also have hammocks you can lay on and just relax. Or you could take a stroll by the river and take in the beauty of everything that surrounds you.
We paid a visit to Penn's Landing to take in the sights and the monuments.  It turned out to be an AOK park.

Walking here from downtown was pleasant, and the weather was mild enough to make the experience enjoyable.

Tip: The monuments were very nice, with some very striking detail; they do their subjects justice and make a visit here worthwhile.

While it's not worth making special plans to come here, if you find yourself with opportunity and time on your hands you'll probably enjoy a visit.
Nice place to drop off your 19 year-old soon to be discovered a tramp "girl friend" while you're out working to make the money she is going to mooch from you. She'll be entertained sitting by the water, reading, and talking to strangers while contemplating how she'll get you to fly her to NYC where her "weekend" stayover was at frat orgies in Staten Island where she was the star. Remember if she leaves with x condoms and returns with (x minus y) condoms, she's a tramp.
This is a review for the Great Plaza Stage. What a sick venue to see a spin or summer show! I saw My Morning Jacket here in August and it was such an intimate show. Its all GA, and its tiered so unless you are behind some behemoth, your sight lines will be great. The back drop of the stage is usually transparent which allows views of the water, and the beautiful Camden skyline. 
The bad news is that I think the Great Plaza is short lived. Whatever plans the imbecile planners come up with next for Penn's Landing will surely end the life of the Great Plaza. 

p.s. RIP Jam on the River
The live music was really nice! In fact we had a wonderful breeze blowing right in front of the live band where we sat. There were hammocks all around...I didnt really care to swing in them...too many random people getting on. Bring sun screen and bug spray...the nats were out pretty thick. Overrall I had a wonderful time with the love of my life.
had a really nice time with a few friends. Rink was clean, workers were nice, arcade and photobooth inside was fun. No compaints :]
Depending on the event, Penn's Landing can be very hit or miss. I had a fairly good time at the Hispanic Festival yesterday (Fiesta Fest I call it). The Colombian food was ROCKIN! Although they were famine or feast, there were lots of nice looking women out. 

Before this summer, I hadn't been down to Penn's Landing since I was a child. It's a shame to see how much it remains the same. When are they going to "do something" with this waterfront?
Went here for a concert last night and it was great. The wind off the river cooled things down. The crowd was typical, drunk and dumb. But the location was great. I would love to go there again for something else. And after the concert, we stopped and chilled in a hammock at the Spruce Street Harbor Park. That was awesome. 
The bathrooms definitely need attention. There were a few with no doors which created lines and by the end of the night, it was disgusting in there. No toilet paper and messy.
Cool place to go and hang out for the day along the water.  There are many things to do like carnival games, arcade games, rides, a roller rink, drinks and food. 

We went on a Saturday at 12pm and there was no one there.  I was confused...where are all the people?  Though I am not complaining.  

We played some of the arcade games and then did the roller rink once it opened.  If you have Blue Cross you get a discount and you can keep your shoes and purses in a locker for a dollar.
Pretty area right along the Delaware River. From my understanding they hold concerts here during the summer which brings out more people. There is also a Dave & Busters that is right near the pier so that is an added bonus. I like that there's a lot to walk past and that there seems to be an added nostalgia as you are walking along an angry river on a cloudy day.

Maybe that is just me.
Really nice for craft fairs because they usually have tents around.  But for festivals?  You'll BAKE in the sun.  Parking is a nightmare too.
i love this place because it reminds me of the riverfront in new orleans. (it's like having a piece of home while being in philly - which means a whole hell of a lot.) this is one of my favorite spots to come at any hour of a free day to read, listen to the waves, watch ships pass, and relax.  i'm super intrigued but also grossed out by all the people who wade in the fountains despite the "no wading" signs. i've seen too many suspect individuals sticking their dirty feet in those fountains...

while it can get crowded and be rife with shenanigans, the chaos is somewhat refreshing. it's nice to see snapshots of all different types of philly residents hanging out by the river.

nota bene: hepatitis-grade bathrooms. enter at your own risk.
Most dreadful outdoor spot for live music one could imagine.  Plus the Street food is dreadful and the portion's small.  Blow it up right now!
One of my favorite places in Philly, hands down!!!  

Very relaxing place on a typical day or night, good place to spread out on a blanket and read a good book or sit by the water and be mesmerized by the water, bridge and boats.  On days or nights like this, it is quiet and peaceful. 

Great place to view fireworks on Independence Day/4th of July and to hear concerts, attend festivals and cultural exposes, although it gets packed.. it's a Philly experience not to be missed. On days or nights like this, it is active and loud. This year I had the pleasure of checking out the temporary Spruce Street Harbor Park complete with hammocks, beach chairs, live music, life-sized games like chess, legos and shuffleboard, floating restaurants, etc. (will write a review on that too). While at the Spruce Street Harbor Park, it was mostly quiet or conversationalist level noise, people were mostly respectful towards the outside calming environment, although there were many people and lots going on.

Also, neat to walk around and learn about the history of Christopher Columbus and the early European settlers.  There is also a ferry that goes across the river to Jersey.
Love this gem for so many seasons and reasons!!

They bring out great talents at the live concerts.

Summer jazz is free! And so are a lot of festivals! Check out their calendar...

It's right on the water, Delaware river, and the picturesque spot makes for a great date spot as well as a family gathering...

You can walk by the nearby spruce street harbor park and catch more live music, great street food and icecream, hammocks in the summer, and a gorgeous ambience..

Water ferry tours and duck/swan boat rides are available too..

And in the winter, Ice skating!

Short walk from old city or society hill...lots more dinner options before getting here...
My sister told me that on nice days I could find some activities by the pier, so I took a nice walk to Penns Landing. There is an ice skating rink there and they have a concert space there too, but when I went none of that was going on, so I just enjoyed great company & weather while other people jogged, chased seagulls and took pictures by the river. It's just a nice place to relax.
I'm sorry but I can't really get excited about brown water and bland views.  Yep.
ok so penn's landing is pretty lame, its got dirty water and lots of litter.
but it is the host to a large amount of venues, from the xgames a couple years ago to summertime concerts. this place is ok like every once in a while but i usually dont venture here for the most part.
Walked Penns Landing a couple weekends ago. Great pokemon location btw.  Very neat, clean and safe with many small eateries (takeout) along the way.  We did stop at the Moshulu for drinks which I also reviewed immediately after visiting. Lots of people walking around. There is also a lot of history to learn about, where we parked was about the Irish emmigration. We parked near the skating rink on one of the overpasses which is where I first learned about the MeterUp app.  Best thing ever. Parking at Penns Landing is $1.50 an hour as opposed to $3 an hour in Center City so rates do vary based on location. We definitely will be returning, it's a great place to walk and site see along the water and we will be going for the brunch on Sundays at Moshulu, after which I will review. A block across from Delaware Ave (or is it Columbus?) from Penns Landing there are a lot of bars and really awesome hangouts for people who are out to socialize, drink and listen to music. Definitely something for everyone to do here.
It's a great place to run to from Center City in the morning... you see the sun rise and smell the water.  It's a nicer scent than the Schuykill!  There aren't too terribly many people around, and it can feel really good to have the new day's sunshine on your face first thing in the morning.  You can do stretches to your heart's delight on the bars there, and just have a quiet moment.

It's also one of my favorite places to chill out and have a quick lunch picnic if I'm cycling home from IKEA.  I love all the boats, and seeing the families and children have a time on the cute two-seater rentable Swan boats in the small marina.  A great place to read a book, and a peaceful oasis from booming south st.
3.5 Stars. Penn's Landing is fun gathering spot on the edge of the Delaware River. You can pay $7.00 to take the ferry over to the Jersey side if you're going to check out the aquarium, catch a ball game at Campbell's Field or jam out to your favorite band at the Susquehanna Bank Center.

However, they also host a number of varying events and concerts during the year, obviously concentrated around the nicer weather months. We had a ball viewing the crazies participating in the Redbull Flutag on the water last September. In the winter, you can enjoy testing out your leg muscles you forgot existed by skating around the seasonally constructed ice rink with friends/family.

So, check out the calendar and find a reason to stop by Philly's waterfront. 
http://www.delawareriverwaterfront.com/events
I went here in high school with my girlfriend for a 4th of July fireworks show. I wasn't sure if this place was it, so I pulled up to the lot and asked to turn around to see if there was something else. They asked for 5 dollars before I told them I just wanted to turn around and they did without a problem. 

I drove up and down Columbus blvd for like 10 min and was like hey, that's it so best go there. We pulled up again and the ticket to park went up to like 25 (I don't have the exact price, but it jumped something stupid like that!) I thought that was absurd but paid anyways and parked. 

My gf and I walked up and down the area for a bit and there was pretty much nothing there. The fireworks were amazing but all that was out were pretzel vendors and some nut vendors, no real places to sit and have a drink or relax. 

I think if Philly would work on this area and add to tourist attractions and put some restaurants or something in there it would be much better. 

I think they rely on south street or center city to attract people, but even those things have been lacking lately.
I have been to Penn's Landing a handful of times. I have had a good experience each time. However, it does get pretty packed and it is almost impossible to get a spot on the hammocks unless you arrive first thing.

There is a ton to do, with a floating bar that has above water hammocks, a Ferris wheel, an arcade, a roller skating rink, food trucks, a music venue, and a beer garden.

Not the most socially distant place to go during COVID, other than the floating bar which takes reservations. Masks are required there unless sitting down at a table. I would definitely go back.
Great place to visit on the water. You can go for a leisurely stroll or visit one of the many different and fun venues. We absolutely enjoyed our visit there and had loads of fun just people watching and having a drink. Plenty of things to do if you are with little ones as well.
