Gorgeous architecture and love the huge art works outside the building. When I walked pass, I couldn't help to check out this museum. Lots of great paintings and sculptures. Very interesting!
I really wished we had entered the building. Had I known it was free to go inside, I would've totally gone inside!

We did have the outside art installations which my nieces loved especially the paint brush. The airplane was prety cool as well. But definitely go at night as they do light up and look a whole lot cooler.
I just graduated from the Master's program at PAFA, and would recommend it to any serious art student looking to learn amazing techniques and better their work---great faculty and wonderful classmates.  
 The museum at PAFA is also a great place to see a comprehensive survey of American art.
I had the dilemma of having to find a space that was interesting yet nice enough for a corporate event.  In swoop in the creative and very helpful team of Judi (events coordinator) and Helene (catering).  Not only did they work with our budget and special needs, but they also provided a wonderful and friendly staff.  They also helped us when we need suggestions for where to go for AV stuff.  Sure PAFA is great for art, but it is also great for events...weddings even.  I have to say also that in exploring the museum, their museum shop is great!  Lots of fun and inexpensive gifts and doodads....
So, I haven't been here in a while, but, from what I remember, this place was awesome.  I went with my art class to see the Horace Pippin exhibit a bunch of years back, and we got a private tour of the behind-the-scenes area, where the students actually work, and they had a life-sized statue of Michaelangelo's David.  Cool, right?  The student artwork was unbelievable.  And I looked into taking an art class for fun here at some point, and the prices seemed reasonable.  I hope to sign up for painting or something sometime soon, so I'll update my review if I do.  But, so far, this is a great place to visit as a spectator.
Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts (PAFA) consists of two buildings and two sculptures in between the buildings.  There's an enormous orange paintbrush the size of a small building and an airplane between the Historic Landmark Building (which houses great interior architecture) and the more modern Hamilton building.

PAFA was established in 1805 as the first art school and museum in the country.  Their Historic building houses a lot of work from their alumni as well as other American paintings, lithography prints, and sculptures from the 19th and 20th century.  I spent a lot of time admiring the brush strokes on the oil paintings.  Some of them are done so well and look three-dimensional from far away!  Both buildings also featured the artwork of Norman Lewis, an abstract/cubism artist hailing from Harlem, NYC who tried to capture the social movements of the 1920s, especially the struggles of African Americans in an urban environment.

Admissions is $15 for both buildings ($12 students and free with student IDs from some PA schools).
Truly a world class museum. The art is top notch, and the subjects of much of the the art is right here in Philadelphia. The descriptions that accompany the art gives you a great self tour too. Many times I feel mixed feelings when visiting museums but here it was 100 percent positive and thought provoked. I would definitely come here again.
The lack of reviews shows what a hidden gem this place is. Looking stately on Broad, this place is completely gorgeous. 

We entered in the modern wing next door to the main museum. You pay for tickets at the cashier in the gift shop and then you're on your way. "The Female Gaze," an exhibit showcasing female artists past and present, was really interesting and different from anything I've seen before. The emotion and focus on the self, children, the home, and sexuality was really moving (then again, I am a female). It also struck me that when you go to a museum almost every single piece from every era is made by a man, so this whole other perspective was really refreshing. It was interesting also how women portray their own bodies and bodies of other women versus the classic male-depicted female form. Not to mention the second floor offers a great view of the classical building and Broad Street.

Admission gets you into both wings, so off you go to the other building where you're greeted with stunning architecture and "The Gross Clinic" by Thomas Eakins, which seems to be the major work of the museum. This building has a small collection of American art and sculpture and you'll see your old friends Benjamin Franklin, George Washington, and Abraham Lincoln quite a bit. 

Go check this place out. Also, as a perk, jf you're a Bank of America credit or debit card holder you get in free the first Saturday and Sunday of each month. Total win.
Breathtaking!  The Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts Is of my favorite museums of all time!  We found it while visiting other downtown attractions.  We visited on a free day which was an added bonus.  The museum is housed in one of the most architecturally spectacular buildings you will ever see.  The artwork is displayed in beautiful galleries that wind down from the top floor.  The range and scope of the artwork on display is really astounding as this is not a huge museum.  Cannot say enough good things about the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts.  Go visit!!  You will surely enjoy your visit!
PROS: The old building.  David Lynch exhibition, incredible architecture, great salon style gallery, incredible old portraits and sculptures.  Just the right size small but not tiny museum.

CONS: The new building. Horribly mounted Eiko photography exhibit, uninviting layout, crappy student artwork, crappy professors' still life works.  Yawn.


What a gem.  I have lived in Philly for three years but it was the David Lynch exhibition that finally got me to PAFA.  The exhibition was really well installed in large beautiful galleries with so much space to enjoy the work.  It was a real pleasure.  And a fantastic detail of note - whom ever picked the pale purple background wall color for the Lynch exhibition, you nailed it.  It was so nice to not see contemporary work against a stark white background.

While my main interest these days is modern art, their collection of American paints and sculpture dating back to the 1700s is stunning and just the right size to enjoy for half an hour without feeling overwhelmed.  The building itself is incredible inside, not just the ornamentation but the layout, light, and flow of the rooms is just spot on.

I wish I could say the same for the new building next door.  Our experience there was maybe a two star.  There was an Eiko photography exhibit installed on a grid going up a two story wall, so most of what you were looking at was a good 10 - 20 feet away.  I really like Eiko and Koma and was eager to see her photos.  The ones at eye level were gorgeous but it was so horribly installed I couldn't really take any of it in.  

The other work in the rest of the building was amateur hour: boring still life paintings from professors and a student show curated by two profs.  If what I saw speaks to the current talent of the student body, I was super unimpressed.  It looked like high school work at best.  It was quite startling to see compared to the work by master students in the main building ranging from Peale to Lynch.
I attended a conference in Philly that hosted our opening night mixer at PAFA. Walkable from our hotel in the downtown area, PAFA is hard to miss with the giant paintbrush out front. The building is architecturally stunning, from the tile floors to the grand staircase and crown molding. The artwork, the statues - stunning in grandeur. Add in cocktails and appetizers during an event and it's even better.
I was here for the first time the other night for the PAFA after dark event and it was awesome! The building is beautiful, large grand staircases, high ceilings, lots of different rooms with paintings. The event was amazing! 

For only $10 we got admission, coat check, delicious Starr catered food (hummus, tzatziki, tapenade, pasta salad, chicken, chick pea salad, and some other delicious salad), craft station to make valentines and paper flowers (I fricking love crafts), and entertainment in the form of pin the leaf on the nude AND a burlesque show which was definitely the highlight of the night! It was also hilarious seeing a somewhat older art crowd unsure how to react to the dancers...who stripped down to their underwear, sang, and danced their way around this awesome space. Some husbands were definitely going to be in the doghouse later for oggling these amazing dancers. There were also discussions going on somewhere which we missed because we were so busy with crafting! Drinks were $5 each and the gin martini special was super strong and delicious! 

Would definitely recommend attending events like this in the future or holding an event here! The only downside was that the acoustics in the place were terrible and we were only a few feet away from the emcee and we couldn't understand anything he was saying!
I was a member for many years. IF you are able bodied this place is 5 stars. If you use a cane, walker(like me), crutches or a wheelchair it is zero stars. Let me explain:
a few years ago I started to use a walker. There are 2 buildings-a new one which is totally accessible and the old/original building which has an elevator inside but several steps to get inside. The first visit I made after I started to use the walker I went into the new building to find out how to get into the old building, as I could not find an entrance. The guard called another guard, who took me through the alley and into the museum through a freight elevator! To say I was mortified would be an understatement. I wrote an e-mail to the museum which was never answered.  I have since gotten three notices to renew my membership, as well as an e-mail to renew. The renewal notices were sent back explaining why I wasn't renewing, and a similar reply was sent to the e-mail. I never received any answers. 

The 2 guards were nice and professional, but this is a world-class museum in a city that wants tourists to visit. This is, to my knowledge, the only museum in Philadelphia that requires handicapped visitors to enter through a dirty alley and a freight elevator!

Too bad-it is a great museum and I miss going there.
I can't believe that I grew up here and never visited this place until now!

Just north of City Hall is an art school founded by some notable American artists (Charles Wilson Peale and William Rush) and business leaders.  Notable alumni include Mary Cassatt, Maxfield Parrish, Robert Henri, and even David Lynch.  It's the oldest museum and art school in the country.

Their collection of American Art is interesting, focusing on the 18th and 19th century in the landmark Furness and Hewitt-designed building (a sight to see itself!).  But you'll also see some new works.  I saw an exciting installation in cooperation with the Fabric Workshop and Museum (another visit to add to your Philly itinerary).  

I enjoyed seeing works by Hassam, O'Keefe, Hopper and Parrish. There's a lot of portraiture, if you enjoy that, and some neo-classical sculpture.  Oh, and there's some Eakins painting of a surgery--perhaps you've heard of it--The Gross Clinic--that the Academy now shares with the Museum of Art.

Be sure to go next door to the new building at 128 Broad Street for the sculpture and contemporary art.  There's some exciting stuff happening over there.  Since it changes regularly, I won't tell you what to expect.

Portfolio, the gift shop, has really interesting jewelry and gift items, and you can stop in any time.  I recommend gift shopping here instead of the mall.
What, I surpassed 400 reviews?! 

This review is for one of their Mural Arts trolley tours, specifically, Mural Masterpieces West ($30 general admission). They also offer trolley tours through Center City, and to the East of Broad Street, as well as walking tours, train tours, and segway tours to see the rest of the "City of Murals" public art. 

Easy to check-in at the PAFA lobby to get your official sticker indicating you're with the tour group, the trolley was already waiting outside on the curb prior to departure. There is one tour guide who is mic'ed while the trolley is in motion, to tell you all about the pieces along the route. Mad props to the trolley driver lady, she must be a magician by shrinking down the bus to make tight turns, and for driving slowly when possible so we could see the artwork a little longer when not able to get down from the trolley. 

It was a very informative tour, sharing the history of the public mural arts projects surrounding neighborhood youth crime and prisoner programs, the artistic process of designing a new piece and executing it on special cloth rather than directly onto the walls, as well as the different artists, styles, and reasons for selecting particular locations such as schools.  

There was some really great imagery including Martin Luther King, Jr., animal theme near the Philadelphia Zoo, one of Patti LaBelle, Tuskegee Airmen, one addressing teen suicides, as well as one depicting patients at the Children's Hospital, etc. 

Some newer murals to be dedicated (as of early August 2015) included one for the baseball team, the Phillies, as well as one commemorating the Papal Visit, with an image of Pope Francis to be painted at a particular parish/school. It really does seem like the Mural Capital of the World!
We live walking distance from PAFA and I take my 5 year old here often.  She is well known in the (free) student gallery and the great gift shop.

Additionally, PAFA'a new annex (not so new anymore) was the site for my child's school's annual charity auction.  PAFA was a terrific venue for this and the administrative staff os PAFA were so friendly and great to work with.  

The exhibits change throughout the year and we are always looking out for the next "big" thing.

So happy to know about the art classes for kids and teens, too.
Great place to visit if you have an hour or two and want to see some great art and some great architecture. There's the old historical building that houses older works (some of them are enormous) and sculptures and there are modern works next door. And a crashed airplane full of plants, a giant ass paintbrush, and a big orange swirl of poo in between the buildings.

Make sure not to miss the student gallery which changes often in the basement of the Hamilton (more modern) building.  A must-see exhibit is when PAFA students display their artwork (a lot of which is for sale) on three floors of the Hamilton Building in May of every year. For even more fun, make sure to visit when the students open their studios for public tours on the upper floors of the Hamilton Building. 

The staff here are very friendly and there is ample parking close by. It's only a few blocks from Love Park and Reading Terminal Market in case you want a break or a bite to eat.
Oldest art museum in the western hemisphere......one of the world's best collections of American art .... an ingenious and iconic main building from the creativity of Frank Furness ... a very useful modern addition with an outdoor plaza ... what's not to like about the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts in Philadelphia?
We visited the museum yesterday afternoon and *loved* it.  The permanent collection includes many lovely paintings & sculptures and it's housed in a beautiful old building; the interior architecture in particular is gorgeous.  There's an adjacent building with a temporary exhibit on the main floor (that exhibit was quite interesting) and an upper & lower level gallery.  The lower level had a large exhibit of High School students' summer (Academy) works and we were very impressed with their artistic talent.

The staff were all very friendly (especially the second-floor guard in the main building) and there's also a nice cafe (see my separate review).
Go see Birth of Cool! Best exhibit I have seen in years.
This museum isn't very large but well worth a visit. It pales in comparison to the Philadelphia Museum of Art but if you are an art freak make sure you stop and visit. Lots of Eakins to see. My favorite piece in this museum is a Winslow Homer painting of a red fox being intimidated by a crow. Don't even try to park near this place though... take the bus. There's no parking available.
Small, beautiful, nicely curated museum.  I have been in both halves: the new museum and the one housed in the Furness building. I loved both experiences.  If you are taking kids to a museum this is a nice experience.  My 3 year old was impressed by the very large paintings. I thoroughly enjoyed the Frank Furness original architectural drawings of the museum on display.
Perhaps my favorite museum in Philly--I love American art, and this is THE place to see it. It's a beautiful space--well, two spaces, actually, and both worth seeing. It's also a manageable museum--you don't feel overwhelmed, and you can see all you want to see without any problems. I love it here. The Academy is a treasure.
Great Museum!  After moving to Philadelphia I had to see the Warhol B&W and Polaroid exhibit at PAFA.  The museum is a great open space and within walking distance from the train station.  We went on a Sunday, early in the afternoon, so it was very quiet and perfect for a stroll through the various exhibitions.  Even after moving here from DC (where the museums are free) PAFA was definitely worth the cost of admission.
the museum is beautiful and i love the giant paintbrush outside by claes oldenburg. the staff is friendly and helpful. meg is awesome! this girl knows everything about this place! they just opened a coffee shop from what i hear and a restaurant. also, the mural arts tour department just moved in. i'm gonna have to make a trip back soon! exciting stuff!
Still lovin' PAFA - even moreso after seeing the Henry Ossawa tanner exhibit - and the yummy brunch sponsored by PECO.  We love the gift shop, too  - for unique gifts with an artsy twist.

Don't miss PAFA!
The Academy is a part of American art history. From the Peale paintings of Washington, to the Furness building itself, the academy has played a central roll over two centuries in nurturing artistic vision in such great painters as Thomas Eakins and Mary Cassatt. The gallery itself is stunning...  with intricate detailing, and skylit galleries and bold colors, the both enhance and distract from the art itself. Two permanent Tiffany windows take your breath away with their delicate intricacy and vibrant color.  

Special exhibits here are small, sometimes as small as one room, enabling the curators to make concise statements without sapping the energy of the patron in a marathon experience that leaves a patron exhausted rather than exhilarated.  All in all the Academy, along with the Philadelphia Museum, the Rodin Museum and the Brandywine Museum are must dos for the art lover of the Delaware Valley.
One of my favorite galleries I've visited. It contains contemporary student works as well as traditional american artists. Three levels in the first building and two in the other. It was not crowded at all on a sunday. I had the whole place to myself! Student admission is $12 but some students from local universities will get in for free. Took me about 2 hours to see everything at a leisurely pace
Of course what caught my attention to visit PAFA this past month was the KAWS exhibit that is still going on until January 5th, 2013. If you don't know KAWS you may have seen his work before without knowing. He designed the most recent moon man for the 2013 MTV Music Awards. What I loved about this museum is the KAWS pieces were blended in with the permanent pieces in the PAFA's art collection. So you get a mixture of classic contemporary art and then a surprise splash of pop culture and bright colors from KAWS' work, which isn't often done in other exhibitions or museums. As well as they have separate galleries and exhibitions inside the building with the gift shop as well. The one currently on display reflected the beautiful murals and graffiti displayed all throughout Philadelphia. 

PS If you're a student show your ID and get a discounted price!!
Two museums for the price of one ($15.00)  Fine Arts Museum was very cool.  The current exhibit of MURALS was very informative.  Next Door is the original/historic institute.  Many paintings and sculptures to admire.  Need at least 2 hours to see both.  Beautiful.
Great place to go in the city! If you go on a Sunday you can find street parking within a half a mile for free. The exhibits are amazing! In the lower level of the Hamilton building is student art work displayed that is for sale as well. If you have a student ID it is only $12 admission and well money spent. You can see all the exhibits in the galleries in less than 2 hours.
Frank Furness is the man.  One of my all time favorite architects.  I love the building itself, both the outside and the inside.  I'm also a fan of the art collection inside - impressive to look at.  I like the fact that they highlight past students and faculty of PAFA, and as one other reviewer mentioned, a wide variety of woman artists.  

The newer building is also enjoyable and the two together will definitely provide you with a well-rounded art viewing experience.

Most recently I attended the KAWS PAFA After Dark event - it was totally cool!  The juxtaposition between the modern and classical art was visually interesting. They had a DJ playing, breakdancers performing, alcohol, cheese and other snacks, and all the hip people of Philadelphia in attendance.  I was impressed by the work of PAFA to integrate the old and the new into a perfect mixture.
there are some truly exceptional pieces here. the best part, though, is the wide variety of art from women artists.
Before even looking at the artwork in this museum, I was completely awed by the gorgeous architecture.  That itself was worth the price of admission, so much so that I look forward to going back to take in that enveloping beauty again.  In addition to the museum's 19th and 20th century American paintings and sculptures, we saw awesome works by contemporary artists throughout the museum.  Great find!
Today,I visited this special art museum somewhat overshadowed by the huge Philadelphia Museum of Art.I especially liked its fine collection of Early American paintings,including works by;Charles Wilson Peale("Artist in His Museum")Benjamin West,John Copley,and Gilbert Stuart.Other 18th and 19th Century painters with fine noteworthy paintings included;Thomas Doughty,Thomas Birch,William Trost Richards("Wave")Mount,and Charles Davis.I also liked their 20th Century paintings by;Thomas Eakins,Daniel Garber,Alice Neel("Claudia Bach Pregnant")and Phillip Evergood.I also appreciated their temporary exhibit of oil paintings by William Glackens,Arthur Carles,and Horace Pippin from the Barnes Collection.This beautiful building also has a nice cafe with good food at reasonable prices.I also liked the museum store's selection of pictures from this fine art museum.
As we were the only people in this majestic building, I conclude that the Academy of Fine Arts is not one of the more popular museums in Philadelphia.  It should be.  A beautiful, grand space filled with carefully curated examples of early American and later works with a real point of view.  We enjoyed it.
Gorgeous interior and a fantastic antiquities and art collection.  On the first stop of the last night of the October AMM conference, we spent quite awhile cocktailing it in the upper foyer.  I was just wandering alone for most of this evening, drinking in all of the details of every sculpture & painting I came across.  The gallery guards were all very nice and I chatted one up for awhile asking what it was like to work there and live in Philly.  

Not quite as large as the Philadelphia Museum of Art, but definently worth a visit for the sumptuous interior.  Plus, take awhile to contemplate the large painting of Thomas Eakins, Portrait of Dr. Samuel D. Gross and the interesting history behind the founding of PAFA as a museum, a school, and it's collection.
Recently,i returned to Philadelphia and enjoyed the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts' fine collection of paintings,primarily by American painters.This art museum's forte is its collection of early American paintings from the late 18th Century and early 19th Century.Painters very well-represented there include;Gilbert Stuart,Charles Wilson Peale,Benjamin West,and Thomas Sully.My favorite Early American paintings,during my recent visit were;John Copley's"Robert Hooper"(splendid Mannerism),John Neagle's"Pat Lyon at Forge",Rembrandt Peale's"Portrait of George Washington",and Thomas Sully's"Benjamin West".Later American paintings that I especially relished were;Martin Johnson Heade's"Sunset Harbor at Rio".Thomas Eakins'"Doctor Gross,Gross Clinic",Winslow Homer's"Fox Hunt".and Elihu Vedder's"Sphinx.Cairo".I also enjoyed Spanish painter,Martin Rico's"Venice".I also liked the fine array of creations by Contemporary Artist,Rina Banerjee.At this art museum,the interior architecture is marvelous.
Are you feeling bored on a Sunday?  Low on cash?  Need to kill some time?  Then head on over to PAFA.  They have free admissions on Sundays until April 6, 2014.  Your welcome i just saved you $15.  Sundays are also a great day to go, certain streets are free parking.  I just wished we came couple weeks earlier to see KAWS.  I love, love, love the historic building.  As soon as I walked in I was amazed at the colors and architecture.  I could see why private events are held here.  The historic building had decent galleries;  the collections were more historic than the new building.  The new building was currently exhibiting mural arts of Philadelphia.
I went to PAFA when they hosted a knitting circle in front of Peter Blume's beautiful work, Tasso's Oak. I did partake in the circle, knitting to my heart's content, and I also perused the artwork that Mr. Blume left this world, a highly underrated collection I must say!

The museum itself is beautifully laid out and they even have a cafe. I highly recommend this place.
There are two sections to this museum.  The modern side and the classic side.  The modern side is as expected.  A lot of drawing, photography, experimentation.  The classic side is also to be expected:  classic artists, lots of brush strokes, a lot of white folk.  But together, they both make a great experience.  And the architecture of the older, "classic" side makes for an experience like out of "Alice in Wonder Land."

Ticket fee is 15 dollars and worth it.  You get a small modern art museum and a small classical art museum (with fantastic and Instagrammable architecture), but there is a great public space between the two, and a small cafe.

A great place to enjoy a morning or afternoon.  And close to city hall, the Masonic temple, and many other attractions.
