After chalking up about $46,000,000 later, University of Penn built a park that spans from Walnut Street Bridge to the South Street Bridge. You can access the park either from the Walnut Street Bridge or on "Lower Level" Walnut Street which is basically under that bridge. The ramp to the actual playing fields feels like a mile long, but it has several windy paths around the fields that one can jog on. 

Although the grounds itself are very pretty my only gripe is that they have very few picnic tables spread out through the greens. 

Two things to know before you go: you can walk your dog (on leash) there but you can't smoke even though it's an outdoor space.
Nice park. 

1) I enjoyed the walking bridge. 
2) The park is very clean. 
3) It is owned by UPenn, and it is free.
I love Penn Park.  I was an undergrad when Penn purchased the postal lands, and then I watched all that space just sit there for years.  I'll be really happy when it gets connected to the South Street Bridge, but I love what they have done.  There are several fields, a few paths to run/walk on, and new tennis courts.  It's very well lit and its patrolled by the Penn police.  I look forward to hanging out there next Spring.
In addition to UPenn activities, Penn Park hosts a variety of social sports leagues (I know both Philadelphia Sports Network and Philly Sport and Social Club host leagues at this location).  There are two soccer field-sized outdoor turf fields.  In the winter, one of them is usually covered by a dome.  I don't know what that's like, but after playing Tuesday night football all winter on the outside turf field, I dream of the warmth that dome must provide.  The turf on both fields is new and well maintained.  

In addition to the soccer/football fields, there is a softball field and several tennis courts (where members of the public can purchase court time).  There is a security office in the park, which is a nice safety consideration.  In addition, there are super clean restrooms above the softball field and next to the security hut, that I have never found to be closed (and I was there at 9:30 p.m. on a Tuesday).  

On nights and weekends, the fields are usually being used by a league or UPenn students, so you have to get lucky to get some field time.

Parking:  There is a lot next to the turf fields, but it costs $8 and there are often people ticketing.  The Walnut Street bridge almost always has parking.  The meters are 12 hours from 8 am to 8 pm so they are relatively cheap and if you are going at night or on the weekends, they are free.  

After you are done at the park, stop by new Sbraga spot, The Fat Ham or World Cafe Live, both of which are a mere two-minute walk away on the Walnut Street Bridge.
Penn Park is very well maintained and nice for walking. I've never had any issues with safety and an added plus is that there is a office with Penn security guards overlooking the baseball/softball field. 

There is no play structure for kids although there is a nice bridge that connects you to Penn campus and my little one enjoys looking at trains from the bridge. 

There are picnic tables as well.
Extremely spacious soccer field, baseball field, tennis courts, and much more. It's always clean and easily accessible. Even if you're not part of the school, it's good for a good run around too, or just for tennis when other's aren't using it.
