Great large dog park on the waterfront with an area for large dogs and then a smaller area for small dogs. It has several benches, a water dish with hose and has cinder grounds. The park is great depending on what you are looking for. I have a little guy, but the little dog area is so much smaller and there is rarely anyone in it, so I often take him to the big dog area. A lot of times when we go we have the place to ourselves, so its definitely not super busy.
Wow! Such a great dog run. Long. Very clean. Shaded with large trees. Lots of benches. Water source and water dish. Equipped with a pooper scooper. Views of the river. Plenty of dogs in and out on a Saturday around noon, and everyone was very friendly and responsible with their dogs. Couldn't ask for better!
Its just an average park. Went here on a Saturday morning and there were strange weird characters. Very judgemental and cliquey people. One guy even picked up my dog without asking. Nothing really specially besides the views of the delaware and a central location. Some parking available across the street (bring some quarters) and up the Market Street ramp.
We are new to the area and brought our dogs here a few times now. I am writing this review because the last dog we brought here ended up with "Kennel Cough" after. We've never encountered this issue before and it was really upsetting for this to have happened, but we were warned of the cons to going to dog parks by multiple professionals. After these 5-6 attempts to come here the people we met have been hit or miss with being friendly or cliquey. I just wanted this information to be out there for anyone considering using this particular park to know that irresponsible owners do attend this park.
We visited Penn's Landing Dog Park for the first time today. I didn't even know it existed until yesterday. What a great find! The park has enough space for dogs to run around, benches, trash cans, a fresh water supply and shade (if needed). Also a separate area for smaller dogs. The park was clean and well kept. Only downside was there were no other dogs there when we arrived. Two other dogs came within a half hour but didn't stay long so my pup ended up mostly just running around by himself. We'll be back! Hopefully next time there will be more doggies there to play!
