As an 11 year old boy, Dan Dizio sold soft pretzels on the curb and was dreaming of what it would be like to serve hot soft pretzels from his own bakery . At 11, he sold them 5 for $1.00 and took home $100.00 each day, after splitting the proceeds with his supplier. Today, they are still a bargain @ 4 for $1.00. Partner Len Lehman, who believed in Dan, has been rewarded by the storefront on Frankford grossing 1.7 million last year! 

Twenty five years later, from when he was 11 and with all the twists and turns, they are rolling in the dough and Dan did cut the mustard! 

Celebrating his 10TH year in business and franchising the Philly Pretzel Factory in 10 states, with 159 of them being in the Philadelphia & Delaware areas. 

Dan's dream was to bake pretzels all day and to sell them hot, as customers walked through his door. The pretzels are sold curb side all over, from Sesame Place to any part of Philly. 

The correct name is: Philly Pretzel Factory and it has won numerous awards, like "Best Pretzel of Philadelphia".   I do believe they are awesome and probably the best I have had. 

Dan loves to emphasize the fact these are "Real" pretzels. Their menu ranges from perfectly salted to unsalted and to minis and logs. They wrap pretzel dough around a hot dog and bake them off. Now this, I have to try!  They offer 10 different dipping sauces, but I'm a mustard kind of gal. 

Soft Philly pretzels have been coming out of Bakeries since 1920, but most of them have closed down. Dan created a lasting empire and added to the fame of one old and proud City, Philadelphia! 

Trivia: Did you know that Philly is also the creator of the Sticky Bun? But that's another review... .
No good foodie would make a visit to Pennsylvania without having a pretzel.  It would be like going to NYC and not having a bagel, or visiting a Jewish Deli.  Now, that's criminal!  So, I had my pretzel here.  

This is a small, "fast-food" pretzel shop, with pretty good pretzels! I got mine while it was still warm, and it was one of the best I've had, but I guess that's an unfair comparison, since the ones I've had in California are from ballparks, food carts or amusement parks where they've all been previously frozen.  These were fresh, soft and chewy with that unique pretzel flavor.  You can get them salted or unsalted.  Whichever you choose, just make sure to eat them while they're still warm!  

There's also an ongoing offer where you can buy something like 25 pretzels, and then get an additional 25 for free.  Whoa!  Pretzel party time!

Philly Pretzel Factory is a huge chain, with numerous locations throughout Pennsylvania and New Jersey.  I wish they had one in the Bay Area.  It easily puts Auntie Anne's and Wetzel's to shame.
Most Philly Pretzel Factory locations have a good level of consistency. However, this location continues to make great soft pretzels that are easily above the average! 

First, this location is a bit small, but is very good. 

I came in and was warmly welcomed by the staff. I quickly decided to order just three soft pretzels. They had a deal going on where you could get a fourth Pretzel for only 50 cents, but I respectfully declined.

When I actually had my pretzels, I was in for a treat! The outside was perfect as it was nice and crunchy, but not too hard. The inside was nice as well with it being nice and soft! The salt to Pretzel ratio was perfect as well. 

The staff here was really nice and personable! 

Altogether, this is a great place to stop off and get a pretzel!
Philly Pretzel Factory can't have five stars, because my favorite soft pretzels of all time come from a small mom and pop in NJ. However, Philly Pretzel does serve up a tasty twist, with consistency across their locations. The fact that they were open on Thanksgiving morning until 1pm to provide my homemade beer cheese dip with a vessel (in the form of delicious, salty rivets) was a total lifesaver.
I was told I absolutely need to try Philly Pretzels while in town. Something about the water makes the bread that much better.  While that certainly was true when it came to my bagel experience in NY, I wasn't too impressed with these pretzels.

While searching for Federal Donuts, I chanced upon Philly Pretzel Factory.  Their menu is simple, no fancy shmancy, just pretzels in varied forms.  I got a pretzel with some cheddar.  

Unfortunately, my pretzel wasn't soft and pillowy as others had mentioned.  It was slightly stale and really not any better, in fact, not as good as what I would get from Wetzel's or Auntie Anne's. 

Service was good, however.  Just sad the pretzels weren't [as good]
The Philly Soft Pretzel Factory's (PSPF) no-reservations front room is that rare space that's sexy enough for a date but comfortable enough for your grandparents, assuming they are comfortable sitting on the window ledge, and the menu is so thoughtful it's like an act of generosity. The pretzels are born of meticulously sourced ingredients and crafted into one of the most resplendent foods EVER created.

More often than not, PSPF is filled with people having a very good time. No surprise, since the menu offers an up-to-the-minute snapshot of what young Philadelphians have been scarfing down their cold weather/second rate city mouths for decades. Pretzels - from traditional Philly twists to the longer classically phallic "torsion longue" - are a draw, as are the pretzel dogs; it's hard not to fall in love with a pretzel that has a strip of processed pork belly riding inside it like an amputated finger. Choices of several different dipping sauces, including several varieties of mustard, round out the menu choices.

If I were a ball of dough, salt and yeast, I would be a Philly Pretzel.

If I were a better person, I wouldn't have thrown my ambien into the dough bin while the employees weren't paying attention.
I'm from West Philadelphia, born and raised, eating soft pretzels and Italian water ice is how I spent most of my summer day......... A little ad-lib for ya.
In Philly, we love our soft pretzels, squirt some mustard on them (not yellow please) and you have a snack that stays with you. 
I can't tell you how many pretzels ive eaten over the years, that would be like counting the stars in the sky. I like the pretzels they make at Philly Pretzel Factory, fresh and soft with the right amount of salt. I use to prefer a tougher chew on the pretzel, but as I get older the soft ones are easier for me to process.
I like their regular sized ones and the mini pretzels most. The pretzels with the hot dog inside is a great idea, but there's some slimy substance inside the pretzel that skives me out. 
They have good service and it's pretty cool watching them make the pretzels before your very eyes.
Soft pretzels do not impress me, but my spouse is a big fan.  

ATMOSPHERE:
The simple shop has no tables or chairs, just a stand up counter used mostly as a condiment bar. 

MENU:
They sell a variety of pretzels in different shapes, sizes and flavors, including pretzel dogs, melts and even a cheesesteak version.  Dips include several types mustards, "liquid" cheese, cinnamon, cream cheese, chocolate, buttercream and marinara.  Party trays are also available. 

FOOD:
Salted Pretzel - $1.50 for two
What a deal!  I was wanting the liquid cheese dip but my spouse chose the spicy brown mustard which ended up being very tasty and not too spicy.  The pretzel was soft and chewy as expected. 

SERVICE:
The gal at the counter was friendly and provided quick service. 

TIP:
Yelp states their hours as 24/7 but their website states otherwise. 

OVERALL:
Cheap and tasty, exactly how life should be!
I love soft pretzels, but it's really easy to get a bad one in Philly.  Wawa's soft pretzels are especially bad - they're dry, cakey, and slimy and wet from the salt.  Yuck.  Philly Soft Pretzel Factory, on the other hand, has amazing pretzels.  Their outside is the perfect shade of golden brown, and it's nice and dry (no salt sweat here).  The inside is warm and doughy.  I love that the pretzels are still warm!  And the pretzels are cheap.   5 for a buck is a great deal.  Also, they have mini pretzels and pretzel dogs.  Good stuff.

My friend and his family own a franchise of the Philly Soft Pretzel Factory on 611 near Willow Grove, and that store, I have to say, is really well-run, and they've got a lot of parking.  So stop by if you're up that way.  As for the Center City store, it's a great place, but it's not open on weekends or after 5 p.m., which makes me sad.
Need to satisfy hunger pangs on a tight budget?

I offer you the Philly Soft Pretzel Factory's pretzel dog; pleasantly priced at $1.75. Top with mustard and go!
I stopped in while on the Philly Food Tour.

I tried the pretzel with a spicy mustard... it was delicious!  I didn't realize how much I like a soft pretzel.   It was love at first bite.  If you like or think you like pretzels, you might want to stop in here.  

On any given day, I probably would not have stepped foot in here.  I thought all pretzels are created equal... clearly they are not!

Treat yourself, don't cheat yourself!

They offer specials too and other mustard finishes as well.  You may need something to wash the pretzel down, but after my pretzel I just had a sip of water and I was fine!

Check them out if you are in the area.

Have fun and enjoy life :)
I see you playing mind games with me Philly Soft Pretzel Factory. I couldn't figure out how to get just one. The signs showed something like 5, 10 and 18,000. Then there were specials...3 with something, 3 with something else - how do I get just one?

Wait a second...I can have 3 and a bottled water for $3? OK. Is this really three pretzels? Since it took me three different go-rounds with it to finish it, I am going to say yes, it was 3 pretzels, but mainly because I don't want my appetite to feel like a sissy.

These pretzels were perfectly made. I can't even fathom what someone is looking for when they don't think these pretzels make all other pretzels look pathetic. Look, pretzels are not about dipping sauces although they are available here, they are about the pretzel (and maybe some spicy mustard right out of the bottle onto the pretzel, but not in a little dainty container for you to dip the end of your pretzel in) and the pretzels here are amazing. Next time I might order a 20 spot and share it.*
__________________

* Do not put your hands near my 20 pretzels.
So about an hour ago I'm walking home from an open mic down the street, starving, haven't eaten for 8 hours and I'm thinking, "let me get one of those sweet hot dogs wrapped in a pretzel from the pretzel factory" Now mind you, this is a treat for me because those dough-wrapped-dogs of goodness are a whole $2 but I'm like, you know what...I'm gonna treat myself!

I walk inside, it's say around 12:30 am to watch a dude in the back (where all the fresh dough is being made) stomp the crap out of some sort of vermin while another dude goes "GET IT!"...since the blood stain left on the floor was approximately the size of healthy nectarine, I'm gonna go with street mouse. A different guy comes up to assist me with my late night dining needs, I point toward Mouse Hunter in the back and say, "nice shot," then proceed to ask the totally reasonable question, "Yo can I get a discount on that pretzel dog since I just watched the guy kill a thing?" And the guy says, "That will be $2."

This whole review would never have been necessary if that guy just did the decent thing and gave me that dog for free. Listen,  I know it's the city and there's probably rats running all over the bourgiest of center city meals, but the fact that I saw an employee bludgeon a rodent within inches of where food was being made and he didn't even offer me anything to keep my mouth shut? What other poor and stupid decisions are these people making?

In any event, I still bought the pretzel dog because I was starving and it tasted pretty damn good. 2 stars for this stupid place, and stay classy philadelphia.
After living in Philly for over 8 years and encountering these pretzels on (way too) many occasions where the hosts were too cheap to provide proper snacks, I still can't wrap my head around the hype surrounding them. 

Basically, if you don't eat them within 30 minutes of their exiting the oven, they will basically taste like clay. And if you wait a little longer, be careful not to get hit in the head with one of these.

They are so dense that one pretzel might contain the same amount of calories and nutrition as a full loaf of white bread.

What these pretzels do have going for themselves is that they are filling and pretty cheap. If you are starving and must have one of them, I've found that dijon mustard helps offset the pretzel's lack of flavor. 

However, it would be nice if they could try to distribute the salt pebbles a bit more evenly on these pretzels so that some bites are not way saltier than others.
I am so upset with the way I was treated as a customer of Philly Pretzel. We order from Philly Pretzel at 1532 Sansom Street all the time and I have ten trays in the next 2 weeks that have already been ordered.

Today, I had a delivery for 60 large pretzels in star shapes and 40 bottles of water that was supposed to be at my office at 8:30am. I called three times between 8:45-9:15am and they kept saying they were on the way.

I finally asked to speak to the supervisor, Ron Heil (this was at 9:15 with still no pretzel delivered) I told him I would like some sort of discount to keep me as a customer here. I was very upset b/c the pretzels were supposed to be for a meeting that had already ended. Ron was rude and condescending and basically told me he didn't want me as a customer. He said he would give me the order for free, but he didn't know if he wanted to continue having me as a customer. I am in the service business and I can't believe after they made a mistake on my order that he would treat me like that.

I also had another tray that was supposed to be delivered today at 9:30am, so maybe that is where they got confused? I did call twice last week to verify the delivery times.

I think Philly Pretzel has a great product, but I was very upset after today's ordeal. All I wanted was a simple apology and for Ron to rectify the mistake
I can always get a pretzel in NYC on the corner, but they might not be the cleanest pretzels around, taste like charcoal and are kind of overpriced.

I read about this place here on yelp and when I visited Philly for the weekend I made sure that we went here for some pretzels before driving back home.  Luckily we were staying in Rittenhouse Square so we were only a few blocks away.

I love how these pretzels come in slabs.  One slab has 5 pretzels attached and costs $2.  So cheap and so delicious!  It was perfect for the ride home.  They aren't greasy like mall pretzels and they have the right amount of salt.  Definitely going back if I'm ever in the area again.
Okay, as an update, I like this place even more now because they're selling pretzels in the shape of the Phillies' "P."  What to show some Philly pride!
With the exception of the Amish Pretzels at Reading Terminal Market these are the best pretzels I've ever had, they rock my world. The cinnamon dip is a great compliment to their pretzel and is well worth the 50 cents. The pretzels here are also a great value and are very cheap, well done Philly!
I've lived all over the place, but not in Philly for 13 years. This means that when I visit for the holidays I need to get my pretzel fix, and we just happened to pass by this shop. It had everything I needed, which is to say, not much. Delicious mustard in 3 different varieties, and soft pretzels available in blocks that I could tear off and separate. My pretzel had just the right amount of salt on it and was soft and squishy. The pretzels were torn off of larger blocks which means they have that perfect thin-rectangular shape going on. The only thing I love more is when pretzels get salt-wrinkles from being refrigerated overnight. 

I like that this place keeps it simple; not a lot of flavors at once, not a lot of add-ons, just soft pretzels and condiments (and a little cheez dip, should you want it). This seems contrary to my general impression of how most businesses run these days- trying to wow you with variety and ending up doing nothing well. Simple food that nobody could argue the nutritional merits of is one of my favorite things about Philly foods, and what I miss when I'm not here. 

I'll be craving another soft pretzel, probably until next Christmas. I can't believe this hasn't caught on in the rest of the country.
I wish I can give this Pretzel joint, a 0 Star review. Visiting with my Father from out of town to get some pretzels, my father took out his phone to take a photograph of the pretzels. The cashier starts to give the nastiest looks you have EVER seen and tells my Father he can't walk up to the pretzels next to her. The A**hole bald owner/manager of this joint on steroids then comes up and starts slowly walking into my Father with his chest up in an aggressive fake tough manner and starts hounding him rudely about how he can't take pictures of the pretzels and only employees can go near the pretzels beside her. As my Father puts away his phone, I tell him to chill out and he goes on to tell me to "FU** MYSELF" and getting ready as if he was going to violently FIGHT ME. I tell him to "be a little nicer to you're customers" We then leave as he tells us to "Have a nice Fu****g day, learn how to operate a pretzel store" I then think to myself, wow, for 1. Hopefully my future isn't at a damn pretzel shop lol 2. Philadelphia really does live up to its name as one of the trashiest cities in America. These employees were a representation. I suggest TO ALL TOURISTS AND LOCALS TO STAY AWAY from this joint. One of the rudest experiences I have ever encountered. Horrible customer service. They also had bugs crawling on corners of the joint. Pretzels were rock hard!
I'll be honest, I've tasted good cheesesteaks outside of Philly, I've had some good hoagies elsewhere and have even had a kickass tomato pie on the west coast. But this was hands-down a killer pretzel, perfectly doughy in the center, nice crust on the outside and perfectly salted - mmmmmm, I could get highly addicted to these.

One other compliment, I don't really like mustard on my pretzel (I know sacrilegious) but they have a house horseradish mustard that is to die for. It's just a little bit spicy but you should really try it.
I want to love this place, open 24 during the week, I thought I knew it wasn't (it isn't on weekends).

The pretzels are good if you can get it warm within reason of it being made, I went in about 2pm on Monday got three pretzels and mustard and cheese, it cost me $2.74, I walked in at 1am the same day 11 hours later, now all they have are pretzel twists, ok whatever I'll take 4 and a bottled soda, for the extra pretzel and a soda it was an additional $6.00, what gives? The afternoon were Philly pretzel shaped, the late night was two rods twisted together. Not a fan of the plastic cheese, and I could taste no difference between spicy or hot mustard, pretty sure I was just given two spicy mustards as there was also no color difference.

This place works in a pinch but I've had better soft pretzels at stadiums and ballparks all over North America at the late night pricing. 

I'll give any place three chances, so I'll go back one more time, confidence is not high
Sometimes you get exactly what you expect. This hot pretzel chain produces thoroughly average, inoffensive pretzels. They offer some sauces that you can add, although they apparently could not give me a to go cup of the mustard (although they will if you cater?). The pretzels themselves are dirt cheap - less than $1 apiece! I'd have no objection to a snack from here, but I bet there are better pretzels elsewhere.
I ate three. Three. In less than an hour. My friend had two. Combined, they were $2 and soft and delicious...really, in a time of economic insecurity, rely on the pretzel!
The quality of a soft pretzel deteriorates by the minute.  Capitalizing on this simple fact, Pretzel Factory is the Krispy Kreme of pretzels.  Fresh from the oven, your salty baked bread goodness radiates heat from out of the bag and all the way into your stomach.  The Factory supply carts and stands but do yourself a favor and cut out the middle man; I'll eat plenty of cart food but I get my pretzels straight from the source.
First, this is an actual factory: all they sell here are soft pretzels.

Second, the only bad soft pretzel I've had in Philly are the ones they sell in Wawa. The rest, including the ones sold at food trucks and in the streets, are consistently delicious. Hence, you wouldn't expect anything less than excellence from a place called the Philly Soft Pretzel Factory.

True story: When I was a poor, hungry freshman in college and I realized how inexpensive it was to order large quantities of pretzels from the Pretzel Factory (I think it was like $3 for a dozen pretzels), I eating them as my main course for every meal. My idea was that if I could keep my food tab very low, I could use the rest the money my parents had put in my bank account to buy cooler things, like alcohol and video games. The plan eventually fell apart, as you probably suspected, but even after two straight weeks of eating nothing but soft pretzels, I still haven't lost my appetite for them.

See, it's one thing to get Philly-style pretzels on the street, where they've been sitting around all morning. It's an entirely different experience to eat one from a factory, fresh from the oven: perfectly crispy on the outside, delightfully mushy on the inside. I like mine with some salt, but not too much, so I usually end up ordering "with salt" and wiping a bit off with a napkin. 

And don't forget a little bit of brown, grainy mustard. Oh!
The BEST.  Period.  The End.  Go here ONLY for Philly soft pretzels.  Don't grab one from a vendor and report back to your friends in [insert other inferior city/town here] that "Philly pretzels aren't any good".  In fact, you can't judge UNLESS you've been here.  Your search starts and ends here.  I've eaten hundreds of soft pretzels in my 27 years.

Poor man's steak.  Enough said.
Bf has been wanting me to try this spot out for a while.  So while we were frolicking around the Rittenhouse Sq area  we stumbled upon this Pretz Factory location.

Can't go wrong with fresh, warm, soft pretzels at 4 for 2$.  You pay a little extra for the sauces/dips and still come out under 5$.  We got spicy brown mustard, pumpkin  and the cinnamon sugar.

Love the sweet/satly combo of the pretzel with the sweet dips.  A bit too much salt on the pretzels but that's something that can be easily fixed with a quick rub and a shake.

This location is kept fairly clean.  I would prefer this place over Auntie Anne's when it comes to the original soft pretzel.
baker's dozen for $5. What a freaking deal! The pretzels are yummy. Not too buttery, which i assumed since they looked glossy. The mustards are yummy too. 

Great place for a cheap snack. A tip is that if your pretzel is hard and cold, then microwave it for a few seconds to soften/warm it up and then dip it into their mustards. 

Only gripe was that the pretzels i bought weren't hot/soft. They were cold/hard, but still edible.
I've only been to this place once and it was way back in 2006.
I remembered the pretzels here were HUGE and super soft and deliciousssssssssss
my favorite part was the middle =) and i loved how it didn't taste super greasy. I wish they had pretzels like this in California! maybe we do but i'm not aware of it.
Yay I'm a fan!
Yay for Philly Soft Pretzel Factory. They are the best. The price can't be beat. I love this place. I am a soft pretzel addict so when I found this place after moving back to Philly from Seattle it was like finding a piece of heaven right down the street from my house. Hands down the best in Philly.
I am not a pretzel lover - but man, these are good.  I eve like the pretzel dogs here.  The dough is just perfect.  The salt ratio is right on!  Chewy but not tough, wheaty flavor and FRESH out of the oven.

Tip:  only come to this brnach - Philly Soft Pretzel Factory has alot of chain branches - this one (as grubby as it seems) is best.
The Philadelphia soft pretzel was always something that I loved, but I was torn between the love you have of your first tastes and that of something that can stand on its own, something you can vouch for.  Generally speaking, I've felt the pretzel to be in former category.  It wasn't always that way.  Like most Philadelphians, I grew up with the assumption that everything is done better in Philly.  Years later, when I introduced my friends and my wife and my kids to the Philly pretzel, I got little better than a shrug, but usually a passive sort of insult.  That's what you get, I suppose when you buy them from WaWa at 4PM (not to disrespect the 'Wa). Visiting Philly about once a year, I'm in the 'burbs too often, and the City must have cut back on their street vendors by 75% in the last 20 years, because I never see them anymore.  Just this week I found one in center city and she wanted $3 for a single pretzel!  My best experiences have been with those little booths at the airport.

So in the attempt to put this love to the test, I dragged my cousin around the city looking for a spot that would serve fresh pretzels.  Everyone tells me about this place or that place but I always forget the name.  On our way to an ill-advised trip to Tony Luke's we find this place (I should note that I went to the location on Oregon) and made a note to return.  We hit it up the next day and DAMN! You see those prices! This may be the solution to world hunger.  These were the best I've ever had- hot, with a little crunch.  Better still, I resolved the pretzel dilemma and I'm unconflicted in vouching for these pretzels to anyone.  Take a trip, stand in line, pay a dollar, skip the next meal. Yum.
I ALWAYS roll in here after happy hour in Rittenhouse for their $5 Baker's dozen. I think it's just leftovers from the morning but after a few beers, I just want 13 pretzels. Don't judge me.
Everyone here sums it up ... they are the best and avoid WaWa soft pretzels at all costs!

Don't forget the cheese though ...
I have had a hankering for a genuine soft pretzel that popped up shortly after I moved away and went West way back in 2004.  I hadn't been seduced by the yumminess of those twists in a long time and I was curious to see if our love affair was as delicious as I remembered.  Just like many things you revisit, the second time around wasn't totally the same, but it was enough of the same to send me back to LA happy.
The pretzels still link at a knot that has a soft, almost gooeyness that contrast nicely with the crispy brown and lightly salted outer layer. Maybe it was because I waltzed in with less than 20 minutes before closing, but the pretzels didn't have the bounce and fluffiness that I remembered.  
But, hey, at $.80 each, it's a steal.  There's a full compliment of regular yellow mustard and the seedier, Dijon variety.  They even make minis that are sold in a 5s for those with little guys, little appetites or hopes of keeping little waistlines.
On the website they say that the store is open at 7;00am. But  when I went in the store I was they open and the said that they don't open till 9;00am. So I say I'll try another one to is national pretzel day.
I don't understand the good ratings for this place. My pretzels were cold, and my dipping cheese tasted super artificial (if you like that sort of thing, it's good, I guess).

I considered not finishing eating my pretzels (1 regular w/ melted cheese dip, 1 cinnamon)...but I was pretty hungry after not having eaten for about 6 hours, so I did.

Thank goodness it only put me back $2.40.
I have to be a powerful kind of hungry to enjoy a soft pretzel, and there needs to be BROWN mustard in my reach.

No pretzel on this earth has been as good as these. I used to have a friend on payroll to ride his bike here and bring me back some pretzels during my twilight creative bursts. The one thing nobody realizes is how much better a pretzel is if it's warm. Just writing about it makes me want to venture over... but now's not the time.

If you want to feed out-of-towners a truly Philly snack, take them here. After one bite, they'll want wholesale.
This is my first summer in Philadelphia and the city must be growing on me as I woke up yesterday craving a cinnamon pretzel like a true native.  In a matter of minutes, I was out of my Chinatown apartment and off on a trek to Rittenhouse Square, hoping that my fellow yelpers wouldn't let me down.  

The trip turned into an incredible adventure as I discovered the African American Museum of Philadelphia on a journey down 8th Street, Chris's Jazz Lounge and the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow, Philly Soft Pretzel Factory.

I ordered up 10 of the cinnamon pretzels and they did not disappoint.  They were nice and chewy and slightly doughy, like a favorite doughnut.  They weren't heavily buttered like the Auntie Anne's variety nor were they tough and rubbery.  They turned out to be the perfect complement to my breakfast of oatmeal swirled with black cherry yogurt and mimosas made with fresh squeezed OJ from Reading Terminal Market.
I love soft pretzels!!!  With that said, these are good, usually warm, and cheaper than you can imagine.  Wish the one by my apartment was open on sundays, however, i can deal.
Load up on pretzel dippings and go.  Located on the not so lovely Sansom street, this place is a great spot for a lazy Saturday afternoon snack. Also really friendly staff who will tell you all there is to know about the life of a pretzel artisan.
these pretzels are soft, delicious, fresh, delicious, soft, and great. and salty and great.

and the MUSTARD - oh man oh man!

you cannot go wrong here. excellent value.
So apparently to gouge the "happy hour customers" looking for an inexpensive snack after imbibing, they change their menu after 7:00 on Friday nights to only "pretzel twists" which they charge $2.00 apiece!!!  What a scam.
I like me some pretzels.

Gimme gimme pretzel.

Pretzel.

Pretzel.

Pretzel.

No ODB. 

(Whoops, wrong place to be looking. Oh, well.)
Our soft pretzel wasn't even edible.  The pretzel tasted as if it was not completed cooked all the way and it was so hard to eat without any sauce.  It was very dense and we would have to rip the link apart just to share the pretzel.  Never a good sign.  This place has great reviews, and I'm confused as to why...
The service is extremely fast, and these are the cheapest and tastiest pretzels I have ever found!  Real soft pretzels are a novelty for me because I'm used to Auntie Anne's and Wetzels from malls (which are still tasty and buttery).  However, I really appreciated that these were not nearly as oily and were only $1 for my favorite cinnamon sugar!

I ate here for three mornings in a row when I had early 8am mornings where I was rushing to get to meetings, and it was completely warm, sweet, and satisfying.

I can't wait to go back to Philly to satisfy my craving for pretzels and whiz!  Philly Soft Pretzel Factory will definitely be my go to for pretzels!
If there's a better soft pretzel in the world, please tell me where to find it. As much as I love New York city street food, Philly gets the edge with the pretzel. These were light, not as dense as most soft pretzels I've had. Crispy on the outside, warm and fluffy on the inside. They put on a little bit of kosher salt, but not nowhere near the amount you'll find at most arenas, stadiums, and street carts. And with a little bit of spicy mustard, that just takes them over the top. Next time I'm in Philly, I want to go back and get one of their breakfast sandwiches on a pretzel bagel.
Not the best pretzel I've ever had, but good enough when I need one. They're cheap, warm, and come with good dipping sauces. My favorite is buttercream!
As a new resident of Philly, I was excited to try Philly soft pretzels and see what all the hype was about. Nothing special here, folks. The pretzels were cold and stale plus the young lady that helped us had a sour attitude. Won't be returning. I'd rather go to Auntie Anne's pretzels.
Not quite sure why the rating is so high. The pretzels just tasted like any other pretzels. Not bad but also not fantastic in any way. Friendly staff though.
Besides the pretzels and mustard options which are awesome, the best other thing about this place is it's open all hours day and night. Pretzels are literally right out of the oven fresh! You'll love going there at weird hours - just cuz you can! And you'll go back because you want!
There's no other place like it- Philly pretzels can not be duplicated.  Clean shop, fresh warm pretzels and friendly service.  You can't ask for more!!
This place has the best pretzels in all of Philadelphia! The staff is exceptionally nice and goes above and beyond for their customers! #bestmustardselectionever #loveyouerinandkelsey
Cheap and delicious. 

We're talking $1 for 2 large pretzels.

No Tax.

Awesome.
So, we were eating the pretzel dogs and as I took a bite there was a long hair coming from the dog to my mouth. I would have taken it back but we were to far away ..
Oregon Ave is my first stop when flying back to Philly for some steaks and now for pretzels. I was down the street for my cheese steak fix and saw the Philly Pretzel Factory. Soon as I saw it I knew I was stopping for a pretzel fix. With nothing like it where I live we ordered a bag of pretzels with the house made spicy brown mustard. Still warm and doughy they were something I've missed since moving out west. Jus another stop to make soon as I get back to Philly for my next visit
Let's start off with a statement that I'm a big fan of pretzels. When I go to a mall, I ALWAYS get a pretzel twist (salt and butter) from Annie's or Wetzels. Sometimes I feel a little adventurous and get some sticks and a nacho cheese dip, but I almost always default to a regular twist (and a lemonade).

Philly Soft Pretzel Factory is like a dream. 15 pretzels, woven together in a long brick for $5. A little microwave later and you've got an amazing, fresh, soft, filling pretzel that is a perfect afternoon snack (when paired with spicy brown mustard). Seriously, this is every pretzel lovers dream - kicks ass compared to the amusement park or movie theater paltry offerings...and in a way, kicks some of the ass of my favorite anne's or wetzel. 

Go here and definitely give it a try on your visit - you won't be disappointed.
I love the pretzels so they get a 5 star but I landed on 3 because I find  the pricing at some locations annoying! I have been to 4 different locations in the city and 3 of them were charging 2 for 1.00 while one location, just a few blocks from the others, charged me 1.30 (Samson) - what is the deal? 

Now if you buy 20 for 5.00 there you pay .25 each - bulk pricing so fair enough but why jerk it to 1.30 for 2 and then only 20 cents more for 3? 

Well, naturally this is because the most popular request is for 2 but why do companies always feel the need to gouge? So yeah it is just .30 cents but it's the principal of the thing sometimes! So if I want them I will just go to the other locations cause I am not going to support that sillyness. Ha! Now watch the other locations start doing it too- monkey see monkey do...
Maybe this is just a Philly thing, but I was surprised by the shape of the pretzel. It's slightly different from the iconic German pretzel shape, which is what I'm used to seeing. If you want to try something different, they also offer pretzel twists and mini pretzels. Everything is baked fresh, and you can definitely tell!

If you're around in April, they usually have a promo on National Pretzel Day. So stop by any of their locations for a free pretzel!
This is a review about where you might find my favorite pretzel anywhere, and I get to watch them being made - they're rolled and placed onto a conveyer belt, they're still piping hot when you pull yours out of the brown bag, and I like my hot pretzels for breakfast with cream cheese and a fresh Nantucket Nectars 100% orange juice. All of this is on hand here, so I really enjoy visiting at ANY time of the day. 

Soft Pretzel Factory does super discounts on bulk orders for the office, they can deliver for about $4 + tip on a rolling cart to the general vicinity, and all of the employees are very helpful and friendly.
I stopped by the store to get two pretzel dogs and to my surprise I was able to get three free pretzels! The pretzel dogs were pretty good as I expected. This was my first time visiting and eating anything from pretzel factory. During Covid they only allow one customer in the store at a time but luckily there wasn't A line so I just walked right in and the service was friendly and quick.
I would like to take this time to provide an outsider's view of the soft pretzel craze in Philly.  Most people associate Philly with cheese steaks, but what most people don't know is that Philly is also known for its soft pretzels.  I come from the land of California where Auntie Anne's and Wetzel's Pretzels come to mind whenever anyone mentions the word 'pretzel,' where we like our pretzels flavored with almond or cinnamon.  After staying in Philly for quite a chunk of my life, I've come to realize that I have yet to develop a taste for plain soft pretzels.  But this doesn't mean that I won't try to.

However, I have no reason to give this place any less than 5 stars.  I've only tried their hot dog pretzels, and this is probably the only place from which I'd be willing eat a hot dog pretzel.  Fresh and delicious for $1.50 (I think...?).  You can see the oil dripping from your hot dog as you take a bite, but that won't matter when you taste how good the thing is.  I like mine with lots and lots of brown mustard.  Perhaps next time, I will actually buy a regular pretzel and see how it is.  With extra brown mustard, of course.
Warm doughy pretzels with chunky salt. What more can I say?

Recommendations: they open early and close early, so plan visits if for a party. 

Oh, and for the kids... my 7yo highly recommends the pretzel dog.  

Specific to this location. Small place. Nice, young and friendly staff. A little tidying up could take place, but still good.
