My husband wishes he could give them MORE stars. He LOVED IT! And Barry, his tour guide was "AMAZING "!
Our family loves Segway tours so of course we took the opportunity to do the 2 hour historical tour even though we were only in Philly for not even two full days. 

Will was our guide. He was very helpful, made sure we were all safe the entire time, explained everything thoroughly, talked about the landmarks we passed by or stopped at. We were given headphones so we can all hear him, great idea for safety plus it's a loud city. 

It's a great way to see the city and learn about the city in a short time frame, plus it's always fun riding Segways!
Tried these with my sister in law since her father had a few tickets for us to try them. My brother and sister also came and we had a fun time. 

We had to register through the company and sign waivers beforehand before we could rent out the Segway for the tour. I was so nervous because I wasn't 100% happy about driving the Segway in Center city Philadelphia traffic- Philly drivers are the worse! ( I know cause I am one of them!) 

So we got assigned our Segway and had about 5 minutes to practice and feel comfortable before going out on the street. I wasn't feeling comfortable and I was so scared but I sucked it up and headed out on the road. 

It was kinda cool zipping through the different streets and getting some information about some of the older buildings and learning about my city a little more. 

We had a chance to learn about Philadelphia and also had a chance to stop at a sandwich shop I never been to before and had a nice lunch on the spot when we had a chance to take a break. 

I was nervous the whole time I road the Segway and had the picture of me getting bumped off the road and getting hurt many times- as I rode the Segway I was gripping it so hard my hands were throbbing. 

Before no time we were racing into the end of the tour and I was kissing the ground that we made it back. 
That was marked off my to-do list and never again for me.
We took the 3hr city tour, had a blast.
Our guide Josh was great.  He did not give us an attitude at all, even though we used a Groupon, instead treated is as if we paid full price. Also he was very knowledgeable about the city, I actually thought he was a history major, which he was not. The 10 min break half way through was well planned.  Even though the Segway's a breeze to use & navigate, my legs and feet were sore after standing for hour and a half.
Overall, highly recommended, all thumbs up!
The checkin desk is behind the Rocky B. statue, between the National Park service station & a small deli stand
DO NOT BOOK WITH THIS SITE!!!
Unless you are at the desk in person, this company DOES NOT honor groupons as they are printed.  People at the desk seem very nice but any problems MUST go through corporate who doesn't give a S**T.   Enjoy a Segway tour and use the Company on Arch St.  This place doesn't even have a phone, so you never speak to the people who give the tours.  Do yourself a favor and use a local company!
This was crazy fun. I just wish I booked the 2 hr tour. This is the best way to tour a city. Especially with all the history
We planned our day around this tour and absolutely loved it!  Out teenagers did t want the tour to end! We arrived early and were welcomed and they even started our tour early. We watched the mandatory safety video and then they ensured we were comfortable right in the office. It was easy and we seemed to take to it very easily. Then we were off...we went through the streets and sometimes the side walks but boy did we see Philly! Just loved how much ground we covered. We got to soak up the city and loved hearing the stories along the way. We didn't wear the ear pieces so there were times we missed a detail or two but all in all we loved it. In addition. To see all the cites and enjoy the "rolling" we got to try 5 philly cheese steaks. We just sampled a small portion of the sub so by the end of the tour you will really have a complete sub. It was super fun and each place had their own speciality. We had our favorite but we won't ruin it for you. But let me say my son is Gluten free and the last stop had GF bread
So it was a super treat he was able to taste a sub. The Segway was a blast to ride! My feet did get hot so I would definitely wear tennis shoes. It wasn't a problem we got to stop On this cool street between cool buildings so it was a great place to rest our feet. We had a bathroom break at stop three and water was provided through trip. Owen provides great customer service at each restaurant so we didn't have to wait. We lucked out today and there weren't any lines. He called ahead at three of the places which made it super easy. It was great to take in these little breaks between the segway'ing. He made sure were we safe at all times but still allowed us to have fun! All in all it was a highlight of our trip to Philly and we'd highly recommend it to anyone! It's a must!!! super fun!!!!
