Very underwhelming, possibly due to the pandemic. 
I think this was the first Philadelphia flower show held outside. Please save your $45.00. 
Free Shuttle buses did run from the local parking lots.
The show was mostly all retail vendors. The items were poor quality. I could've purchased much nicer plants and flowers in my local supermarket.
We had a time ticket for 1:00 PM. 
At that time, the restroom lines moved pretty well, even for the ladies room. The restrooms were actually double Portajohns with 2 separate sinks.  
Around 3 PM, many of the restrooms (Mens and Women's) were closed. The few that were open, lacked toilet paper.
The 2 highlights of the show were the Boat House Restaurant and Keitel One Sample Vendor.  The food in the boat house was very good. We had crab-cakes, short ribs and a small cheeseboard.
I'm just sharing the few highlights through my photos.
Coming to the Philadelphia flower show in Winter is like taking a day long vacation into Summer! This beautiful event takes place every March in the Convention Center. I had been two other years, and I went again today.  

The other times I went, I was pressed shoulder to shoulder amongst throngs of people. Today the show was not crowded at all. I don't know why this was. The increased $42 entry fee? Coronavirus anxiety? For me, it certainly was an improved experience to have a lot more personal space around me.

As in the past, the garden exhibits were spectacular. The talented designers created displays with building facades, lawns, trees, furniture, trellises, and lighting that looks like sky. At one point I thought I was outside, and temporarily forgot this was inside an exhibit hall. Everything was colorful and smelled fragrant!

The event was well staffed, with many helpful employees pointing the way to restrooms, coffee, and concessions. 

I took the train from New Brunswick and it was a smooth ride and easy to figure out.  There is a train stop right at the convention center. I recommend going in by train. I spoke with people who drove, and they said parking was a big problem and they had to park far away and walk.

There are a few small things that hold me back from rating this year's event five stars. It was cold outside, so I was wearing a winter coat, and I did not want to pay for coat check or go through the hassle of walking to the one and only coat check,  so I wore/carried my coat and got uncomfortably overheated. 

Standing/walking for a solid three hours on concrete was painful on my feet and legs, and there were no places to sit down. I needed to sit and there were simply no options except the floor. I guess many people felt the same way, because dozens of other visitors were literally sitting down on the floor along the walls.  

Still, it was a terrific day spent looking at flowers, and if anyone reading this is into gardening, I am sure you will enjoy the event!
I am not a gardener or someone interested in learning about flowers but photography is my passion so I came to the flower show mainly for that.  I came years ago for the Paris theme and I remember being in awe about how beautiful all those flowers presentation was.  All the displays were over the top gorgeous and I got a lot of great photos out of it.  I couldnt make it for the past couple years due to my busy schedule and I was really happy that this year I could finally go for their disney theme.  Unfortunately i left very disappointed and uninspired.

I came on opening day and the crowd was surprisingly not too bad so that is not the issue.  I dont know if its the theme this year or what but it was not at the same level as the paris theme.  This show should be about the "flowers" as it is called the flower show but all i saw was bushes and leaves and amateurish disney decor with about 30% of flowers.  Also there were only one or two big display and the rest are broken into a bunch of small uninspiring displays..most of them just look like someone's front lawn with a disney character (for the theme)...they should just rename it Philly bushes and leaves show from now on.  For me its ok to showcase a theme but the main event should be about flowers.  For example their Rattatouille display was filled with fake plastic fruit and vegetables with maybe 5% of actual flowers, i know the movie is about food but for a flower show I would expect them to use flowers to make them look like food or something, this show is about flowers afterall....

I am comparing my experience to the Paris theme years ago and I felt the quality went down drastically, i am not sure if past couple years were like this but as this is an annual event and they are charging $27 per person I feel it is not acceptable.  If you live in philly and have a great passion for gardening then def check it out but for someone from NY or out of state, i say skip it!
Maybe I am getting jaded after 7 consecutive flower shows and annual Household memberships in the PHS, but this year's show was not great.  Sorry.

First part was our fault - we went on a Saturday.
Fail.

Crowded beyond belief.

2nd part was their fault - lots of wilted exhitbits and fewer "big ticket" displays.

The new Horticort is great though.

We'll go ONE more time next year - but only if I can haul my a$$ in from the 'burbs.
What a disappointment this year. Most exhibits looked more like weeds. It was not colorful, a bunch of small displays and more vendors than anything. I usually take close to a hundred pictures, this year I took ten (four of the peace sign) What a waste.
Phew! Went to the flower show yesterday and were extremely disappointed. The flower show is supposed to be about just that: flowers. Not so in Philly. This show is about "art"?! Basically it's laughable as in most of the major displays flowers/trees/greenery are an afterthought! What's worse? Most  of the displays are also grand shows of what some filthy rich person's yard could look like (i.e. for those people that have tens of thousands of dollars to invest in anything and everything including not only landscaping, but patio additions, furniture, etc.). 

As much as we love the flower show and all that it signifies (i.e. THE BEGINNING OF SPRING! And the time to start thinking about our own garden.), I doubt we'll ever go back. $30/ticket?! I'd rather go to a bar and have $30 worth of drinks! Or take that $30 and actually purchase some flowers!
I wanted to love the flower show.  I really did.  My husband and I are big fans of the National Park System, so we figured the "Explore America" theme would be right up our alley.  While we enjoyed a few of the displays, we found the event to be extremely overpriced and kind of disorganized.  We also found other displays to be pretty lackluster (I'm looking at you, bonsai tree demonstration).  More disappointments: a huge amount of floor space was dedicated to their marketplace and certain displays were not included with regular admission.  Even the beer garden was charging $9 for bottles.  I feel bad leaving a poor review because I'm sure a lot of work went into this show, but it is just not worth the $30 per ticket price.  We felt nickel-and-dimed at almost every turn.  Going midweek didn't really help at all in terms of crowd avoidance, as we were stuck behind an inordinate amount of large groups, completely clueless tourists, and wheelchairs.

Save your money and just visit one of the PHS pop up gardens throughout the year; it will be much lighter on the wallet and still nicely landscaped.  And yes, I get that PHS uses funds from the flower show to fund projects like pop-up gardens...but good god, it shouldn't cost a small fortune just to spend a few hours with some plants...
This year's Flower Show was VERY disappointing. Lack of large exhibitors--lack of interesting or beautiful flower displays----Commercial/Retail booths taking over more and more of the exhibit space. In past years-the convention floor was crammed with Exhibitors. What Happened?? Is PHS charging more to exhibit!
Definitely NOT worth the trip and NOT worth the price of admission!
So maybe my expectations for this event were too high??
But this event didn't really do much for me. I thought the displays were pretty cool and there were many vendors selling all sorts of things related to gardening and landscaping, but overall, I felt like I didn't get the full $28 experience.
I'm thinking another theme that I'm more interested in would have been better.
It's still a pretty good experience if you're interested in these kinds of events.
Do NOT buy food though... at least try not to. There are SO many places to eat within the area and the food at the show was WAY overpriced!! A small handful of crappy fries and a lemonade for $10.50!? That's a whole meal somewhere else!
I think the Phila. Flower Show is a great event, but this one in particular (Theme: Brilliant!) wasn't too brilliant! for me.
The last time I saw the Philadelphia Flower show was about twenty years ago. We went every year prior to moving out of state. Now that we are back, I was so excited to attend the show. While the plants and shopping were as remembered (though more expensive), the theme of "Brilliant" was hardly that. The displays were boring and dull. Perhaps I am not an English Garden fan. Where was the color (other than in the Horticort)? The Big Ben show took up space that could have been filled with real flowers. I suppose the sound and light show was to appeal to those enamored more with modern technology that with flowers.

PHS - please return the show to its "roots". It used to be much better. Perhaps a theme more suited to the colorful City of Philadelphia would help.
The "state fair" of flower events, a grand display of color and composition for all to see. From small jewelry to bouquets, to themed walls, and all the way up to walk-in transformations, there's something for everyone.

Bring your DSLR camera or high-power phone to capture some images for the ages (and share them with everyone on yelp!)

BLACK TIE DINNER
Friday night launch, a black-tie dinner private event at $350 pp. A gala affair for the real flower lover!

FLOWERS AFTER HOURS
Saturday night launch, a private event at $75 pp. This year's music and theme was 80's and there were some awesome cover songs playing from the stage.

GO EARLY AND SPLURGE FOR A PRIVATE VIEW
* flowers are still fresh in first days and in their perfect prime after judging. So beautiful and awesome!
* avoid the crowds (and lower your possibility to contract a virus).
* get a private viewing of the show and snap all the photos and selfies you want without the horde.

VERY BIG AND EXPANSIVE
* this is a HUGE event. Wear comfortable walking shoes for the concrete floor and take your time to enjoy all the different areas.
* bathrooms are on the back wall
* food and refreshment also on the back wall
* vendors and gardening store booths are to your left as you walk in

Great event!
This year's theme of "Explore America" for 2016 focused on the US National Park System. Yawn. We go every year to the Flower Show. We are avid gardeners and appreciators of all things botany. The Philadelphia Flower Show is WORLD RENOWNED. This year was hands-down the worst. I like trees. I like shrubs and bushes and grass too. BUT the lack of FLOWERS at the "flower" show was baffling. I can appreciate the artistic elements of the exhibits (sort of, like I appreciate a 6th grade diorama). This year the exhibits were brutal. Like, I was embarrassed for the artists and couldn't look them in the eye. Did I mention the PFS is world renowned? 

I was actually severely more annoyed by the blue-haired mob of RUDE senior citizens pushing their way to snap pictures. This year was worse than ever with the shoving and the pictures. People literally brought iPads to get a pic of a single flower, and NOT an iPad MINI! Like a whole iPad? What?! Is it 2010? Also, people walked right in front of you to take pictures of the DESCRIPTION of the exhibit while you are reading it! Um, really? We watched person after person live the show through the lens: take a pic of a flower, then look at the pic they took, and then move on to the next pic. They never stopped to look at the ACTUAL FLOWER through their eyes. I PROMISE you it is TOTALLY HD right in front of your face! 

If you are reading this and are one of the hundreds of picture offenders, please know we enjoyed purposely walking in front of you taking your pictures. Yup, that was me photo bombing your picture of the gladiolas. Oh I am sorry, I didn't see you there taking a picture of those tulips whilst I bent over so you could have a moon backdrop. Yes, that was also us going through the EXIT of each exhibit bc we were "confused" about where the entrance was to avoid the snail paced line of picture snappers. My bad.

My Advice to spectators going to the Flower Show:
1) Going on a weekday is NOT that much better than a weekend. Any day is overloaded with people.
2) Go at the beginning of the show bc by day 4 or 5, everything dies
3) Make sure you shove yourself right in front of the people with cameras and don't let them push you around. (Strike hard! Strike first! No mercy, sir!)
4) Be prepared for a strong waft of Preparation H in the air
5) For those people offended by my disdain for picture-taking, did you hear the PFS is cancelled next year?

My Advice to PHS:
1) Please cap the amount of attendees per day. By allowing endless flow of people you jam-pack the place not allowing anyone to see anything. Plus when purchasing tickets, there is no cap because you can pick whatever day to attend over the 10 day exhibit.
2) DO NOT allow photos, PERIOD!!! Grandma doesn't need to share her 128912819 pictures of hibiscus and succulents on facebook. No one cares about your stupid pictures.
3) Pick themes that, yanno, feature I dunno....FLOWERS?
4) Please ban kvetching old ladies from the burbs complaining about their tired feet, how crowded it is, how hot it is, how cold it is, how the trains don't run often enough, how far a walk it is, how Philly has gotten so bad, and mostly, about those rude people who keep standing in front of everyone's pictures.

As you probably guessed, I have no pictures to share with this review, but rest assured, they are totally HD in my mind.
When fellow Yelper Gale S informed me that Hawaii was the theme of this years flower show,  I was both excited and sad at the same time.  Excited because I love Hawaii and my not so chosen profession is a floral designer (long story) and I was trained in Honolulu.
Sad because I have no involvement with the show.
I went there Saturday evening with a friend armed with a camera,  a snazzy aloha shirt and a shiny Kukui nut lei, but my real weapon was a extremely critical but experienced eye.
The displays were huge, but the authenticity of the flora and fauna were way off. In all my years of living in Hawaii,  I never saw an azalea bush, nor a rhodedindroen or a tulip,  daffodil,  pear tree, snap dragon In the state. A lot of the tropical flowers used were dead and dried up and there was only one vendor on the main floor that had a true Hawaiian connection. He was a maker of jewelry using element worn broken glass from a secret spot called "Glass Beach " on the island of Kauai. After talking to this guy,  he told me about the Hawaii Village set up in the grand hall,  saying that I would probably enjoy it. I quickly headed to the exit and on my way out, I noticed the breathtaking waterfall with the huge grass hut replica of King Kamehameha's home, it was wonderful.
The Hawaiian Village was a real slice of home,  they were all real Hawaiians and we talked story for hours and I left with so many phone numbers and invites,  I know my next visit there is gonna be great.
I left the village feeling euphoric and it dawned on me that perhaps I was too critical of the show and I tried to envision what it would be like if they tried to recreate Philadelphia in Hawaii -the thought made me laugh out loud!!
Really, really disappointed in the show this year. Too many shops/vendors, not enough exhibits, not enough flowers, poor lighting. It just didn't feel like a show, not even close to displays from the past years. I miss the table displays they usually do. I will still go to the show next year because I work in this industry, but I most likely will not recommend it to my friends and family like I usually do. PHS should sell tickets by date to control crowds, decrease pricing for floral exhibitors,  and leave space for only 20% vendors, and 80% show.
This was my first trip to the Philadelphia Flower Show.  I love English gardens and couldn't wait to see them.  I reluctantly have to say I was disappointed.  Some exhibits were done very well.  I just wanted more of them.  I don't feel I got my money's worth, considering the big expense of the day (admission, train or parking,  food).  Big Ben was fun but I would have preferred more flowers.  It seemed that at least half the space was vendor stands.  Yes, they have good products and I thought reasonable prices but I paid a lot to get into the place - I wanted more displays.  The British Market was downright disappointing.  It was so dark by evening I could barely see.  That did not foster wanting to shop.  There was a small British food market, Toffee Shop, and PA WIne and Spirits and a few other informational tables.  I didn't feel it was worth the long walk after the show.  
 
My husband and I went with another couple.  We took the train and met up in Reading Terminal for lunch around 1:00 .  It was packed  and difficult to walk but we managed to find a table and the lines moved pretty quickly.  By the time we got to the Flower Show the crowd was not bad.  They had a great staff who greeted people and helped them find their way.
I grew up outside of Philly, in South Jersey, so seeing the Philadelphia Flower Show was a normal thing. But after moving to California, I wanted to see it again (it's been over five years!)

Flew into PHL Friday, went to Flower Show on Saturday afternoon. 

My God, it was mobbed. People walking around with their big mouths hanging open like carp. Walking in the path of people coming at them and (my favorite) standing in the path of people walking. Between the old ladies walking around with crap they don't need to the couples who look horrified at said old ladies, it was pretty pathetic.

Too many people in a small space. I had one idiot actually take a picture in my face of the exhibit I was looking at. I swear she got a picture of my nose, not the exhibit. She didn't ask me to move or if she could just grab a picture real quick...nah...why would she?

I just wasn't impressed and I feel bad. It's the Philadelphia Flower Show and I know people put a lot of time and effort into it, but seriously...the crowds were insane and made the whole thing not worth the money I spent.
What a let down.  First, Do NOt even try and drive your car here.  Park somewhere else in Philadelphia and take public transportation.  You have been warned.  And don't fall for the prepaid parking garage.  There is no guarantee you will park.  The fill up early and hope you won't ask for your  money back.

Flowers and everything was nice, but it's very difficult to see the displays because of the number of people there.  They way oversell the place.  Maybe with some research you can find a less crowded time or day.  We were there Monday morning at 11AM.

I won't be back.  Over hyped.
Ohhh Flower Show. We have a love-hate relationship.
This winter especially, I've been desperate for any signs of greenery. The idea of a large room full of plants and flowers was too good to pass up.
But $32 a ticket?! That's a bit rich for me.
Luckily, with all the snow, PHS created a flash sale with tickets for just $20, which we jumped on.
The actual show this year was a bit disappointing. I felt like the ratio of vendors to flowers was a bit skewed, with ten middle-aged women trying to sell me cat wind chimes and painted rocks for every one orchid. 
My complaint is that all the seeds and plants for sale are MUCH more expensive than if you'd gone to any other kind of local nursery or plant house. I get that they have to pay exhibition costs, but what a racket.
My take.   The Philadelphia Flower Show.

This was my first year to attend and work the Philadelphia Flower Show.  It was a dream of mine for so many years as it exemplified so many things I enjoy concerning flowers, growing, species, specimens and techniques that I may never have known.

I must say that something is greatly amiss.   The show was not what I expected.

According to the mission of the Pennsylvania Horticultural Society (a non-profit group) "the organization promotes horticulture-related events and community activities.  It is headquartered in Philadelphia."   By history, going back to 1827 a group was established as a "Horticulture Society in the City of Philadelphia for the promotion of this interesting and highly influential branch of Science."

Imagine my surprise when there is a decided lack of representation from so many aspects of horticulture, floriculture, hybridization, scientific research, seed propagation, reproduction techniques and meaningful scientific discoveries.   

Instead, there were vendors selling jewelry, food items, cooking utensils, workshop tools, clothes and more.   Where and how is this part of the overall enhancement and promotion of  "Horticulture as a highly influential branch of science?"

There was a lot of space in the convention center and a lot of promoters told me that there are less exhibitors now then before and the true purpose has been slowly eroding.    There is certainly a lot of empty space in the convention center that could be utilized.

I hope that the directors of the of the Horticultural Society see the need to get back to basics and away from the "Craft Fair and Home Goods" mentality that is seemingly pervading this great show.    Is this strictly due to money?

Suggestions:    Plant and Seed Companies.  Mail Order plant companies.   Scientific research companies.    Lawn care products and maintenance.   Sprinkler and watering companies.  Fertilizer alternatives - organic and non-organic.    Establishing gardens from scratch - terrariums, outdoor, greenhouse,  beneficial insects and complimentary planting, more. 

Not too late for next year's planning.     Time to get back to basics.
I'm sorry - but I LOVE the flower show - and have been 6 years in a row.
Some years are far better than others.  A few tricks?  Never go on a weekend - take a 1/2 day off from work and go Tuesday or Wednesday after 1 PM.

Bring bottled water with you so you don't have to buy it there (convention center prices) - you can even pack a lunch.

Buy roses (and irises etc.) from the Marketplace ($6 - $7 a dozen is a steal). and bring a shopping bag with you.  Great bargains on gardening tools, too.  (PHS members get a 10% discount at MOST - not all - stalls).

Go!  It's worht it - and if you become a PHS member your tickets are included in the membership price.  (Makes it really worth it).
I was very disappointed with the flower show this year. Last year was just as bad. The place is turning into a flea market. My wife and I go every year but this is the last. You better bring back Robenson florist . And make these food vendors to stop scalping people with food and drinks. Admission is also way out of hand. Where is this money going anyway.
I've seen better, bigger and more imaginative displays at my local Lowes.  The displays were completely sparse and underwhelming, which was even more disappointing since we spent 1.5 hours in line in 93 degree heat.  Staff at the event were not helpful, sat around, and there were few shuttles to assist getting from the parking lots to the event.  Normally,  not a huge deal, but in such high heat with elderly folks attending, unacceptable.  
2 cops or security officers seen at the entire event, really?  All of this led to disorganization getting in, with a long lines from Broad St into the gate and these "STAFF" assisting.
There were more people selling food and stuff than flowers...it was more like a flea market. 
Save your $40 bucks. You will be disappointed. If you really want to see beautiful flower displays, go to Longwood Gardens!
It is difficult to provide a rating for the Flower Show as the theme changes every year. With that change, so changes your potential experience.  Having attended the show at least 3 years, I've once fielded a top, five star experience.  Otherwise, I've felt A-Ok or worse.

What is consistent?  The show costs more than typical shows at the convention center.  However, it should occupy several hours of your day which may make it a fair investment. It will also be crowded. Popular events typically are crowded.

Becoming a PHS member will save you on admission. You might even be able to snag some free tickets from PHS members who can't use them!  I've managed to luck my way in that method this year.

Going on the weekend is insane.  It is also closer to the end of the show and therefore some of the flowers might not be in the prime of health.  Opening night is best  for the health of the flowers (duh).  Try going to on a week night for lightest crowds.  

Avoiding buying food at the show.  Grab dinner while you are in the city! Check my reviews for great, cheap chinatown eats if you need recommendations.
Not surprised about the horrible reviews.  My girlfriends and I have been going for the last 7 years.  We thought last year was a little underwhelming after seeing Holland the year before; but this year with Flower Power, what a HUGE disappointment.  There was no "wow" upon entering.  There wasn't nearly as many displays this year as other years, and it seemed the vendors were more encroached into the area.  What a shame, because guess what?  We're not going next year!
This was my first time to the flower show and I'm not sure I'll go back.  I left underwhelmed and felt like it was overpriced for what it was.

We purchased tickets online which jumped in price a couple of days before the show without a warning.  For the most basic tickets at the time of writing it's $62 for a couple to gain admission.

I think you really need to be a flower nerd to enjoy yourself here.  Sure the displays looked nice but I wouldn't call them "jaw dropping". I didn't feel like I learned anything from the displays either.  I didn't find them incredibly informative.

We went on a Tuesday thinking the crowds would be minimal but we were wrong.  I've never been elbowed by so many senior citizens jockeying to get blurry photos with their iPad or circa 1994 digital camera.  I didn't love how crowded it was and the general rudeness of the attendees.  I had thought a flower show would be a bit more orderly.

Unfortunately, this experience was lost on me.  As an example, I've been to Volcanoes National Park in Hawaii and the display representing that park was about 5x10 with a little sign and some fake water effects.  I just didn't love it.  I'll skip it in the future.
The 2017 flower show was my first experience with this event and I am certainly glad that I made the 4-hour round trip out here to see it. The theme this year was "Holland: Flowering the World" and although I've never been to Holland, the windmills, tulips, and bikes definitely transported me there for a few hours. Yes, it's incredibly crowded, especially on the weekends, but the displays are big enough that you can see them from any angle and if you're patient, you'll definitely get your chance to take photos. Patience is definitely key here. Along with the gorgeous displays, they showcased prize-winning plants, miniature figurine/plant creations, as well as other works of art/beauty by real plant enthusiasts. I found myself constantly marveling at the amount of work and time that went in to creating this gorgeous event.

The show has lots of vendors that sold so many unique things, most of which are artisan, handmade, etc. I ended up buying some bouquets of roses for a very reasonable price and they're absolutely gorgeous. For those that plan on going in the future, I would recommend that you book your parking in advance. The show's website gives you very affordable options to do so, I was able to get all-day parking less than half a mile away for only $12 (as compared with the convention center parking which is over $55). You can literally do it the morning of when you plan to go.

You'll certainly have a great experience here and take plenty of great photos that you can look back on for years to come.
This is an annual event that I usually go to, and will likely continue to go to despite the 3-star review. Every year the theme is different which is refreshing, though I feel that year after year there are slightly fewer displays and more vendors. The vendors are nice and there is an interesting variety, but, Flower Show admission isn't super cheap so it'd be nice if they stopped lessening the number of displays.

Crowds - are a major issue here. I used to go on weekends but now make a point to ONLY go on weekday nights. WeekDAYS are also pretty crowded with older people but weekday nights are never busy at all.

Food - while there are a decent variety of food options, they're all expensive!! I paid $14 for a soft pretzel, iced tea and a small cup of mustard for said pretzel. We're talking a standard 'philly soft pretzel'. That's outrageous.

Anyway, back to the displays. This year's theme was nicely done and the displays were very pretty, scenic and provided good photo opps, of course. My friend and I spent about an hour walking around including checking out displays and also some of the vendors.
2014 "ARTiculture" Flower Show:

Maybe it was my heightened level of hatred toward this never-ending and brutal winter, but the opening day Saturday crowd didn't deter me from enjoying a single moment of my time at this year's PHS Flower Show. Really, it was great.

We spent about four hours at the show (with a break in the middle -- thank you, hand stamp station!), and definitely got our money's worth.

Highlights:

- Flowers.

- Scents of flowers.

- Make your own flower headpieces. These were fantastic. I wore mine in public until late at night and sometimes forgot it was on my head until someone on the street would laughingly point it out. Worth the ten extra bucks. Of note: the flowers are fake. I will not share how long it took me to realize as such.

- Free wine and spirits tasting in the front area. They served quite a hearty selection of booze, including Philadelphia's own Bluecoat! This is perfect if you're corralling someone along who doesn't care all too much for the viewing of plants.

- Yes, Jose Garces has a selection of his restaurants' food present, which is awesome, BUT if you go into the show, to the back, past the art exhibits, you will find incredibly overpriced Hatfield hot dogs and outrageously priced cups of lemonade. If you want to feel like springtime is here, you will order one of each, and you will tremendously enjoy them. ...Or maybe that was just me being really desperate for warm weather and kinda wanting to go to a baseball game.

- Free samples of exceptional toffee from a New York business. The stand is located near the above-mentioned hot dogs. This stuff is tasty, but if you stand there and try a piece of each offering and make it impossible for others to actually buy said toffee, you are being rude. Ahem.

- Free photo booth. This is near the graffiti wall.

- Marketplace, of course. There were so many vendors, selling everything from flowers to earrings to trees to kitchen utensils. Many of the stands were affordable and cute.

This was my first year at the Flower Show, and you can bet that I'll be back again in the future. Such a creative, intricate and upbeat event!
The Philadelphia Flower Show is an all-time favorite for me.  I grew up in the suburbs of Philadelphia and grew up coming to the Philadelphia Flower Show every year with my mom.  

I was always mesmerized by the ever changing exhibits, the creativity, the commitment, the colors, the aromas, the new plants I never knew existed, the shops, and the ever growing crowds.  For those who are new to the Flower Show experience, the theme of the show changes every year, from Springtime in Paris, to Bella Italia, to Jazz it Up!, to Legends of Ireland, to Hawaii: Islands of Aloha.  It's wonderful to see the interpretation of each theme by all the different people/gardening groups.

It's not just the flowers and the big exhibits to enjoy, although the larger the exhibits the more breathtaking they can be.  It's the jewelry competition with jewelry made only from plant material, hat's made with flowers, table arrangements based on the movie Cinderella or Aladdin, paintings made entirely of dried plants, floral arrangements that make my Trader Joe's bouquet look pathetic, and individual people competing for a blue ribbon growing indoor and outdoor plants.  

The Philadelphia Flower Show is the oldest and largest annual indoor flower show in the world.  Tickets are reasonable at $28 per person and the show runs for a week with two full weekends.  Worth going at least once to partake in the beauty that is the Philadelphia Flower Show.  

Pro Flower Show Tips

* Come early in the week for the best floral displays.  As with any plant, flower or tree that is forced to bloom or bud outside its normal growing season and then put in a non-climate controlled Convention center for a week, it will start to fade and wilt as the week goes on.  Exhibitors will refresh the plant material mid show but towards the end of the show they will not refresh the sad looking plants.

* Parking is a nightmare, is there any doubt, its Philadelphia after all.  If you have the ability I highly recommend taking the train into Philadelphia that drops you off right by the Convention Center, you won't even have to walk outside.  It's convenient and cheap.

* Coat Check is available, but beware of the crazy lines and the $2-$3 coat check fee.

* All food and beverages offered inside the show are expensive.  It's worth it to get a stamp on your hand and walk over to Reading Terminal Market and have your choice of lunch options for a reasonable price. And if you're smart you'll have dessert in the form of ice cream from Bassett's (double scoop please).

* Crowds are a given. Come early in the morning or later in the evening to avoid the crazy crowds.  Needless to say no matter what time you go, there will be crowds.
My second time here.  It is way too crowded on weekends recommend going on a weekday if possible.   Views hampered by large crowds.
 
Overall it's very pretty.  Well designed and thought out.  Shops had very interesting knick knacks.  The PHS membership is worth it if you have a group of 4 going.  Also gives you access to member hours and lounge.
I love botanical gardens: The Brooklyn, The New York, The Phipps in Pittsburgh, even the Desert Botanical Garden in Phoenix. 
I went to the Philadelphia Garden Show with high hopes. 
To say I was severely disappointed is an understatement. 

It was basically an advertisement for flower vendors with designs that were not especially attractive or imaginative, with too many booths selling knick knacks. 

I can't think of a bigger waste of more than forty dollars. I can't understand how they survive: PT Barnum said there's a sucker born every minute. Today it was me. 

I just got home but felt a civic responsibility to try to dissuade as many people as possible from wasting $48 and several hours of their life this weekend at this overpriced, underwhelming show. 

There are many excellent ways to spend several hours in Philadelphia: It has one of the greatest art museums, not just in the country, but the world. Four sports teams, with vocal and knowledgeable fans,  play in stadiums and arenas in the southern part of the city; there is Independence Hall, where our country was born, and you cannot get a bad Italian meal anywhere in town. 

But the Flower Show? If it were a movie, it would be a scene from 'Rocky' where Paulie scratches his crotch.
Would not recommend.

There weren't that many displays - there were more vendors than exhibitions. Plus, it was about 109 degrees.

It was definitely not worth the $100 tickets (for 2) plus the $20 to park. If you want to see the butterflies, that's another $5 a pop. If you're thirsty, a bottled water is $4 and a beer is $10.

Go look at someone's pictures and save yourself the money.
The outdoor Philadelphia Flower Show was one of the worse events I've ever paid money to attend. The Pennsylvania Horticultural Society couldn't control the weather (which was brutally hot), but they could control the signage (which was bad), the content (which was sparse) and the pricing (which was exorbitant). It felt like we were walking around a craft fair that we paid $45 each to attend instead of an event that showcased something.

Also, bonus failure points for having it the same day AND AROUND THE CORNER from a home Phillies game.

Absolute, pure disaster. I hated it.
SO over rated!  I kept saying "where are the flowers?!!" 
Should have been called FDR festival- mainly vendors and food.
A very strange rag fair. 
The centerpiece is very nice but that's about it. 
Drove all the way from NY. Disappointed.
Well this years flower show, Flower Power was so underwhelming I may never go back. Usually I love the flower show and look forward to it every year. This year the entrance area was so subpar and dull that I thought it wasn't the entrance. The flowers were dull and not fresh. It seems the vendors have taken over the space. So underwhelming. Save your money and time and get a Longwood Gardens membership instead.
I attended this event with my Aunt and her friend, who both attend the last Sunday of the flower shows religiously each year.  They were both underwhelmed by the show.  But they're hopefully that next year's British theme will be better.  And for me, the flower show didn't live up to the hype or the premium charged for admission.  I was also let down by the man cave since they didn't have billiards.
Ever since the New York Flower Show (once held at the Coliseum) folded, the annual Philadelphia Flower Show has taken on a life of it's own, and not for the better.

Despite the hefty entrance fee, the show draws day trippers by the busload who seem to only be there as it was "something to do".  These hordes of people seem to spend most of their time crammed in the lobby areas, and food courts.  

As for the show itself the exotic themes that they come up with, Hawaii this year, Paris, last year result in some over the top exhibits, but translate little into a show where you can find inspiration towards you own garden, and landscaping.  I much prefer a show where I can cultivate ideas for my own property, and for me the annual Boston Flower Show fits that bill in a vastly superior way.

My fear is that the Philadelphia Flower Show has become too large for it's own good.

Ken
I just returned from the Philadelphia Flower Show and it was a total waste of my time and money.  The show was so crowded with people you couldn't see the displays.  The front of the displays were full of people taking selfies with their camera phones that you couldn't get close.  The displays you could fight your way too see were full of trees and bushes, not flowers.  As you push your way out of the crowds of people you are dumped into a huge area of people selling over priced junk.  Just what I need after getting ripped off on the tickets!  Maybe the PHS needs to model their show on how Longwood Gardens conducts their Christmas Display by selling timed tickets so the crowds are controlled allowing everyone to see and experience the displays.  Save your money and go to Longwood Gardens if you want to see beautiful flowers and displays.
I finally went to the much praised, extremely hyped, regional-rail-delaying, grandma-attending Flower Show and I have to say, I'm not sure it really rose to the occasion for me. It is a good place to bring your mum? Probably. It it a good place to buy plants and flowers? Yep (but there are free stores for this). Is it a good place to bring your bud, orchid? Probably not. 

I'm glad I went to check it out, and it was very beautiful, but with the price point ($28 for adults, $15 for kids, $20 for students), and the crowds, I really don't see this blossoming into a perennial relationship. The Holland theme was nice, and there were other interesting displays (table settings, orchid displays, jewelry made of flowers) which were impressive, but maybe I just don't have the stamen-a to look at flowers for that long. It seemed like there were some fun activities in other rooms that I missed, maybe that would have saved it (but it also seemed like there were extra charges for these). Fido Friday was a fun addition (poppies really know how to brighten up a room), but my overall recommendation is to visit once just to say you did, or branch out and try something else.
I always thought these kind of shows are rip-offs. $35/ticket to enjoy indoor flowers exhibit never made sense to. I finally came to the 2017 show because it was my cousin's treat. 

The theme was "Holland Flowering the World". They did all the windmills and even mad a replica of the Amsterdam Bridge. Lots of pretty tulips but only few spots were picturesque. If you're an introvert, you probably wouldn't be so thrilled of the crowd and the bumping into people here. And I also think there are too many vendor booths, some of them aren't even plant-related.

I probably wouldn't be coming back if I have to pay $35 for it.
Probably a 2.5. Difficult to get into with Long long lines. Not enough support staff and more crowd control. The flower exhibits were VERY disappointing.
In many years past you had beautiful flowers which you could smell. There were more vendors than flowers. For the price it's not worth going to unless you want to buy a bunch of stuff.
OMG.  

I write about the 2013 Flower Show...keep that in mind please.

As Dorothy Parker once said, or wrote, "You can lead a horticulture but you can't make her think."  Was it she?

I was appalled.  Simply appalled.  Trashy, poorly lit, cheap, unimaginative, crowded, dull, glitzy (as in Real Housewives).  I want to quote an un-named source when I say, "I am sure it was VERY expensive, but not my taste"

Thank goodness for the simple single plant exhibits...I love succulents and have even grown to like begonias when I am there... but this "Brilliant" 'English Garden' theme was just sad.

Have you ever been to the 'flea market' at Quakertown?  OMG again.  A series of nasty, filthy, cheap vendors, disgusting food outlets, curiosity shoppes and Soviet-era hairdressers...yikes.

We paid over $50 bucks for the two of us and left after swimming upstream through video shows and Home Depot displays, vendors of over-perfumed scented candles and dried flowers.

What a sad day compared to years past...
What a ugly, horrid flower show with more weeds and bushes than beautiful flowers. Where were all the beautiful displays and variety of flowers not to mention the wonderful aroma. Definitely missing this year. What a waste of a trip to Phila and $27
Very pedestrian. The show is horribly organized and looks like carnival cruise ship inside. Most of the flowers are wilting and in need of replacement or care. I am disappointed I drove from DC for this. The entry fee is abysmal: $48. I suggest saving your money and going to your local nursery. The flowers are probably much better there.
I had never been to The Philadelphia Flower Show before so I was excited to check it out. Since it is at The Convention Center in center city, it is really hard to find parking. We didn't realize until we were in Philadelphia that you could reserve parking online through The Philadelphia Flower Show website. Anyways one lot tried to charge at $25 which we turned down. Luckily we found free street parking but seriously I don't know how. Just plan ahead for parking. 
The show itself was really cool. The theme this year was Holland so there were windmills and bikes with flowers around them. I didn't know that there was a flower competition show and a little market with different venders at the event as well but I really enjoyed this part of the show. Overall I think this was a great event and I look forward to next years show!
Reading Terminal Market is right next door for a great place to grab lunch.
Save your money.  This year the ticket prices were increased to $47 plus online charge fee (1.5).  The flower exhibit space has shrunk to 1/3 or 1/2 of the floor space with the remainder of the space taken up by retail booths.  $47 to enter a show that is predominantly a shopping venue.  The few exhibits that were there are beautiful but this show is a shell of what it used to be.  Save your money and drive to Longwood Gardens.
First off visiting the flower show has been a family tradition for years;however, it is now reaching a point where the cost of admission does not equal the reward of attending. To attend as a family of four is 150.00 with parking. Once inside you are greeted by a well themed display of botanicals and some of the usual players but overall it feels flat this year. I agree with the other commenters that I was shocked to see some exhibits that appeared to be gas station quality in nature. Sadly I cannot recommend this event unless you are really bored and like to burn disposable cash.
The much touted "red carpet" main entrance culminated in a Subaru; sure Subaru is a sponsor of the show, but hardly the horticultural knock out one expects at the end of the main entrance. The movie popcorn smell was overwhelming everywhere, obliterating many floral scents, and when its aroma reached the hyacinths in the main bulb exhibit, it became nauseating. Video screens and their attendant loud sounds were everywhere; what did they have to do with a flower show? The main exhibits area seemed smaller than in past years and confusingly laid out, but the same can't be said of the vendors' area. The "Horticourt" remains the true gem of the flower show, but the three tier staging made reading the labels on the top tier impossible. Visitors were stepping up and removing the labels in order to read them; why not just stage them propped up so everyone can easily read them? With an already pricey flower show ticket, it is money grubbing to charge additional (non advertised) fees for the butterfly and costume exhibits Perhaps it is time to separate the flower show into two separate shows: (1) Something approximating the Horticourt, solely dedicated to horticulture, admittedly a smaller show staged somewhere else, and (2) the razzle dazzle commercial amusement (Fido Friday, Cinderella Sunday!) that the rest of the show has become.
Purchased tickets to the Flower Show a few weeks ago. I was so excited to go since it was at FDR.

I have to admit that I was not impressed at all. SO underwhelming. There weren't that many displays - there were more vendors than exhibitions. AND, the vendors were pushy AF. One guy practically chased me after I left his tent to purchase a $50 patio pillow that vibrates ($45 each if you buy 2! )

Acme was a vendor. The flowers that they had for sale at their stand was a better display than the Flower Show exhibits.  

Also, it was about 109 degrees. Not that this was the Flower Show peeps' fault. I just wanted to add this. We had to come home and shower again. Blegh. 

There were too many people. People don't know how to act in situations like this. They just stop in a flow of moving people or take about 20 minutes to look at a plant. Keep  it  moving  people. It's 109 degrees. 

It was definitely not worth the $100 tickets (for 2) plus the $20 to park. If you want to see the butterflies, that's another $5 a pop. If you're thirsty, a bottled water is $4 and a beer is $10. I approached a vendor and asked her 4 times if she had bottled water. She did not respond because she was too busy texting on her phone. 

I did manage to take some pictures and buy some cool things like a brick pot (for $15) and a succulent (from a woman who seemed like she hated life). 

Enjoy the pictures. These were pretty much the exhibits. There. Just saved ya money. You're welcome.
There were interesting flower displays but not as many as I expected. There were lots of art exhibits, pressed flowers, miniatures, etc but frankly I expected to see a great deal more. My companion described the offering this year as "rather thin" but agreed that the flower displays were good. The "vendor" area comprised about half of the showroom space....making you feel a little like you paid a $27 entrance fee to see as many "shops" as flower displays. I won't attend again.
I love the Flower Show and try to go each year, but the cost has gotten out of hand.  The tickets are very costly and once inside you can pay an arm and a leg (seriously, $6 for a bottle of Gatorade) for some not-so-great eats.  By the time you have paid for tickets, parking and a snack, you are looking at significant money.  The larger floral displays are always impressive, with some years' themes being stronger than others.  This year was very good, but a lot of emphasis was placed on the smaller floral arranging competitions, which I did not appreciate nearly as much as the larger works.  It can also get very crowded at times, making it difficult to see/photograph.  The shopping is always great.  There are a few vendors I return to year after year.  I love the flower show,  it will probably make it an every few years event from now on.
After driving into Philly from Maryland to attend the show over the course of several years, I am unlikely to return after the 2014 show. The theme ended up being a muddled conglomeration of random exhibits. Though many were beautiful, they lacked an even loosely cohesive theme. Everyone seemed to use this year's selection as a license to do whatever they wanted because hey... ART. 

They serve alcohol. I didn't partake this year, but there is wine, beer and mixed drinks available if you wander around. 

Kids - it is fine to bring children if they are reasonably well behaved. There are a lot of older folks and open exhibits, so if you've got a "runner" you might want to have an action plan ready if little Shmoopy takes off into one of the displays. Strollers are fine - we pushed one around with no issues. My one year old loved the exhibits. 

Parking... Oh sweet Jesus the parking. The situation down there is simply awful. You could circle for more than an hour and still end up paying $25 for the privilege of walking a couple of blocks in the biting cold. 

Food - get a hand stamp and go to Reading Market next door. There are TONS of options to eat in and take home. Cheesesteaks, sushi, Cajun, baked goods - the coconut macaroons at Flying Monkey are life changing. 

The show is a welcome taste of the sights and smells of spring when you've had a long hard winter. That said, unless I'm getting here as part of a tour I will likely not return in later years and that is a shame. I'll part with this final thought - camera phones have *ruined* the flower show. You'll end up waiting for ages while people block displays taking shot after shot, posing for the camera multiple times, trying to figure out how to use said camera for several minutes... it is hideous.
On the fence about the show.  I bought my mother a membership which gave us a great deal on four tickets and good discounts at a lot of garden centers during the year, plus gave access to the lounge so my father could sit a spell.   

However, the throngs of humanity present on Monday 3/13/17, made it impossible to enjoy the displays, whether due to the impending snow storm or overselling, a more comfortable and orderly way to view needs to be explored by the society.  

The displays I did see were not overly creative and the tulips did not look happy.  Really disappointed, as I expected to be wowed.  Take a trip to the Brooklyn Botanical Garden this spring to see a popping array of tulips.


An interesting vendor of edible flora was present, got to sample a few before being boxed out by the hordes.  I was able to grab their flyer, though.  Other vendors offered atypical items.  Membership was worth it, would have been seriously irritated if I paid full price for this show.
Had such a great day at the flower show! The exhibits were gorgeous, with painstaking attention to detail. Our favorite was the dog house competition. Will be back next year!
My husband and I were really looking forward to the show and came for our wedding anniversary. Alas, we were shocked and disappointed with the small displays of plants and flowers vis a vis the numerous food and gift kiosks that overshadowed them.
On top of that it was 93 degrees and nary a taxi stand in sight. We waited 45 minutes for an ber back to our hotel. I think I'll stick to botanical gardens.
This is my second time to the flower show and each time was a lot of fun! My first time was for the Holland theme and it was absolutely beautiful! This year was themed Riviera. I wasn't as impressed with it. I also found that they had more shops than actual displays than previous time. 
I loved the samples of the various liquors, spreads, jams, mustards (ginger mustard is the best), vinegars, syrups, etc. I'm not sure why I come to a flower show and by food and no flowers! LOL 
It is a fun day out. Today was opening day, a weekend and it was mad crowded! Totally worth the visit! If you can take a bus or a train, it's worth it. 
Can't wait to see what next yea's theme is!
I can only 3 star this because I did not intend to go, nor did I stay long.  This PHL weekend was all about seeing the Black Keys @ TWFC!  But while my hub and I were talking a stroll through we were lucky enough to see some of the flower show setup and the over all artistry involved.  Some very interesting displays and some exotic flowers lead to a kiss that's for sure.

Favorite sight was an non working airplane shifted as it were turning.   Yup, this was a vase.  The flowers inside were pink and just awesome.  Not sure what kind of flowers but then again I am no Dr. Greenthumb either.

Great sight to see, wish I knew it was going on, I would have extended my weekend and checked more of it out!

I effin love Philly!
Upon hearing last year that the Philadelphia Flower Show's theme for 2013 is "Brilliant," I was expecting that the show it would be anything but. However, I was pleasantly surprised by a number of things. The exhibits are nicely staged and the flow between the major exhibits has improved over the past few years so the bottlenecks of patrons are no longer evident. (Who wants to go to a Flower Show and wind up spending more time having to look at old people's butts?) While I'd happily prefer (and who doesn't?) a more tropical theme of endless flowering plants in hopes of tricking my mind that I am somewhere else warmer, I found the exhibits this year exceeded my expectations. That being said it could be much better.

Do:
Wear comfortable shoes
Eat lunch or breakfast across the street at Reading Terminal Market
Go early or late when it's less crowded
Bring along a jacket because they keep things cool for the plants

Don't:
Touch the plants...especially mine!
I have been going to the flower show for a couple of years now which I enjoy very much. But I have noticed the displays are getting smaller as the years pass. I notice that there are more vendors coming into the show. I did enjoy the show this year it was better than last year. I just feel that it's ending up being a vendor show instead. I do appreciate the vendors tho because they do have nice stuff to buy. I just wish there are more displays of flowers.
I was excited to hear that this years theme was "Brilliant", being all things British. As a fan of British humor, movies, and music, I thought this year's theme would catch my fancy. While my wife enjoyed almost everything, I was a bit disappointed.

First off, at any point ever will there be reasonable parking for an event at the convention center? We paid 20 bucks to park for the home show, and 25 for the flower show. They keep adding parking garages in the neighborhood, but the prices keep going up.

Ok on with the show. Another reviewer mentioned  that they improved the "flow" of the exhibits. I guess they did. We managed to weave our way through one or two, in an orderly line, but then we got bogged down standing back waiting for the old people up front to finally decide after 5 minutes of standing there gawking that they had enough of staring at that display. Since there was no actual moving line at exhibits like that, it turned into a free for all with a bunch of people jockeying for position from behind and the sides to fill in the spots that the front row people just left. I am a patient man, but this just annoyed me to no end.

My wife got the hang of bouncing around from exhibit to exhibit finding the open spaces here and there, even if it meant backtracking past stuff we already saw. I just followed along, taking pictures.

I did like how Big Ben in the middle of the show played a 5 minute video with sound every hour of British music and pop culture. Probably my favorite part of the show. I also liked the use of a Yellow Submarine in a floral display.

While themes with the Beatles and the British Royals were used quite a bit throughout, I was surprised to see very little of anything Harry Potter or even the Hobbit. Famously popular books by British authors. I think we did see 1 Hobbit hole in a display but it didn't really look like one. I guess there are copyright issues?

After dodging our way through the floral displays we headed to the marketplace vendors and found some good deals on bulbs for the garden. 

I still love the flower show and will continue to go every year. I just found this year was not as "Brilliant" as I had hoped.
Eh...it was ok.  There were a few noteworthy displays, but a lot were disappointing, even messy in my opinion. I didn'dt understand the Best in Show display.  It was kind of boring.   A lot of flowers were looking pretty unhappy by Wednesday.  I can think of better ways to spend the day in the city at this price.
We have enjoyed our past two Floral shows but this year was underwhelming . We drove two hours to see mostly vendors, dead flowers and underwhelming displays. 

This years then was Flower Power. They could have done SO much more with this theme . Basically about five displays had anything to do with the theme.  It was just too all over the place . 

Also they really need some type of organization to make it flow easier it's just s sea of people standing there bumping into each other. 

I hope they come up with a great theme next year to redeem themselves .
Allow me to begin this absolutely honest diatribe by saying this once proud and spectacular event has fallen faster than my crypto portfolio. Having never personally attended this event but hearing amazing things from my mother and others who frequented it in the past, I decided to purchase tickets for myself, wife and mother to attend the 2021 phs show. Ok, so i understand covid has impacted our economy and devastated the hospitality industry,  but the PHS has some gall to charge what should have essentially been 5 bucks. 

  Despite the fact that I've heard of past indoor exhibitions being European themed and having live performance, including opera singing,this event was basically like being in a Lowe's garden center with 10 million obnoxious vendors.   Like I seriously saw the acme selling their standard flowers   Bonus points for the 110 weather and holding the event during a freaking phillies home game! 

 Congratulations on charging people an exorbitant amount of money to  get heat stroke whilst walking around a  Craft fair of vendors that happened to have a few flower exhibitions. I seriously demand a refund!   Also, you had plenty of time to prepare and improvise on account of covid (year 2 now) but did not. I also don't see why this couldn't be indoors given all the vaccine numbers and flattening of cases.  Up your game , phs, or lose half your members!
This flower show was an ABSOLUTE disgrace..Started with no parking signs so no one knew where the heck to park. Drove around for close to an hour. Spent $59 on 2 burgers, 2 fries and 3 lemonades .  The place was packed, no water to flush or wash hands in the bathrooms, long lines to see the butterflies. Still only several VERY lame flower exhibits ...Was that really an Acme flower stand ? Venders were aggressive as hell, prices were ridiculous and we left shaking our heads in disbelief . Hot mess.
I've been to many Philadelphia flower shows over the years and really enjoyed all of them . This year's didn't really have a WOW factor . Riveria Holiday was kind of hard to predict exactly what that theme would involve but definitely involved Lemons and southern  areas of Europe.   Usually the main entrance to the flower shows always is spectacular, but I found Riveria Holiday to be kind of bland.   JMHO.
For a flower show there were precious few flowers. In fact there was very little to see. We have gone for several years and this is by far the worst. Considering that they jacked up the price to $48 they really should have produced a fabulous show. There appeared to be very few exhibits. In fact everything seemed to be scaled down. Normally I get tons  of great pictures of fabulous exhibits. I barely used my camera. The vendors seem to have encroached on the flower space. There appeared to be more vendors than flowers. For what I saw, I could go to a garden center.
I totally agree with Beth B, so disappointed this year. It is a shell of of what it used to be. However if you do choose to go, do yourself a favor and take the train. It is part of the fun riding along with all the other ladies traveling to the show, and returning with their  finds.  My daughter insisted she drive. Paid $25.00 to park off of Race st. ( for the day) and had to pass by a lot of homeless men and what I'm pretty sure was a hooker.  Scary, with my 5 yr old granddaughter. Got a nice lunch at Reading Terminal right out front of convention center, recommend Dutch eating place there and bakeries. Hope your experience is better.  Really hope they hear our complaints and go back to the days of less vendors more exhibits.
OK, bloomer! Listen up. 

I did not have a rosy experience at the show. I couldn't be-leaf it. 

They need to do a lily more to get me to come back. My mum was so disappointed. And y-orchid won't like it either. 

I couldn't get clover it. I just want some-bud'y to tell me once and floral what in carnation they're doing here. 

Maybe you're wondering why I'm so thorny here. You knew thistle be a bad review. Maybe you think I should suck it up, buttercup!

I'll tell you why. And I won't be koi now. 

I wanted to see ponds. They had no ponds. Huge letdown!!!

I guess every dogwood doesn't have his day!
I've always wanted to go to the flower show and I decided this was my year.  The theme ARTiculture sounded really cool and I thought it would finally be worth the money.  But honestly, I'm sorry but this event is not worth $30!  By the end of the week the flowers are all wilting and turning brown and most of the biggest displays are made of spray painted turf anyway.  The 'paintings' created with dried flowers were cool but without a serious green thumb the rest of it was just moderately interesting.  And in the vendor area some of the vendors are super over the top things like saunas which just didn't appeal to me.  

I understand why people who are really into gardening would appreciate the flower show and some of the large displays were very pretty but I just didn't love it.  And anyone who spends $10 on a plate of frozen chicken fingers and fries from the convention center vendors is ridiculous- much better to go across the street to Reading Terminal Market.  I don't think I will return to the flower show next year.
The flowers are beautiful; no one can take away from the beauty of flowers and plants. The beauty of the orchids was phenomenal. I am bowled over by the intricacy of this flower both large and small. The theme of the flower show this year was the National  Park Service, a great idea in dedication to its centennial. Still many of the displays memorializing specific parks were not terribly impressive. I think we enjoyed the creativity of the Arches displays the best which were probably the least faithful to the actual park which I visited only three years ago. 

I would like to see this show open early for everyone to give the opportunity to visit at no additional cost; 10 AM is a late start to any garden. The regular tickets to this event are pricey with additional costs for visits to the Butterfly Room and Train Room. My daughter who recently returned to school full-time was at 26 too old to qualify for the student rate. Who sets those arbitrary ages; I think that anyone over 24 is considered a non-traditional student. We wandered a bit amongst all those vendors hawking goods and services before actually finding our way into the show. We brought my grandson (young enough to enter free)  forgoing the stroller at the flowershow.com website recommendation and opted for a backpack with a strap to keep him from wandering. He did not enjoy the crush of people from that viewpoint; we might have brought the backpack and tried to keep him in that, but he really was too young for this event.  We noted also that everyone had not taken the recommendation to leave the stroller at home; we saw children old enough to walk riding in strollers or even worse, we saw empty strollers being pushed with packages while the child walked. We got hungry and bought (great) food at one of the vendors at the back of the show. When we asked where we might sit, the clerk suggested we might find a seats at one of the demonstration areas. We had bought the combo pack tickets so we gained the benefit of admittance to the members' only lounge. I was talking to a man sitting near me in that lounge, and he said this was the 2nd best place in the show. I suggested it might be the 1st. 

There seemed to be disorganization at this event and a lack of flow on the actual floor of the show. We did enjoy walking down the rows of ribbon winners' specimens, and I took some photos of interesting specimens (to me). We tired early and probably missed a few things, but I think we saw enough. I have wanted to visit this show, but I have now checked off that item on the To Do List. I would recommend at least one visit to this show if it's on your bucket list, but I prefer to visit the Longwood Gardens, the Morris Arboretum, and Chanticleer in this area. I am sure there must be other gardens to visit in the area as there are in all areas.
I think the flower show is great. This was my first year. I didn't have grandiose expectations, and yes, the price tag is fairly significant ($30), but it's a big local event that's good to support. Plus, flowers are cool right?

The exhibit halls are huge, with big displays and plenty of smaller plants to check out as well. It's kind of like the state fair, except with a giant flower theme (painting competitions inspired by Georgia O'Keefe for example).

And keep an eye out for the daily events -- we spent sometime at the wine and spirits tasting and checked out an aerial show. The vendors are also great if you want to part with some cash for plants. Overall, loved this year's theme and interested in going back next year if the have a theme as cool as this year's art theme.
Very disappointed. With 2 discounted tickets at $27.50 each and two hours of parking at $20,  combined with a huge crowd it was completely impossible to enjoy the displays. We definitely did not get a enjoyable experience for our money. Not to mention, I had to deal with a crabby, whining husband who went on non-stop about how much this was costing him. It was a miserable experience! The displays were okay, from what I was able to see. However, with one third of the floor being devoted to displays and two thirds being devoted to vendors who have jacked up their prices to gouge you for every penny you might have, you feel like a mark! Do yourself a favor, take the money you would spend at the flower show and spend it at your local plant nursery and add some nice plants to your own home where you can enjoy them without being pushed and shoved and without a vacuum attached to your wallet!
Long time resident, first time flower show goer, I was really impressed with this year's Articulture themed show. After purchasing $28 tickets online (could have also gotten them at SEPTA, or paid $32 at the door) a friend and I ventured out around 2pm on opening Saturday. Armed with pretzels from Miller's in RTM we braced ourselves for the crowds. 

Surprisingly there were no lines at entry, no lines at the coat check, and no crowding in the main showroom. My biggest critique of the show has to be the missed opportunity to have visitors enter from Broad. With the Articulture theme, when else would an entry across from the new-ish Lenfest Plaza, connecting the convention center to Philly's museums district on the parkway have been appropriate! What better to mark this year's show entrance than a large-scaled piece by Claus Oldenburg? It's disappointing that visitors were made to enter at 12th and Arch. Sadly PAFA's plaza terminates at a blank (and ugly) facade, devoid of convention goers.

My rant aside, we had a great time. We were able to get seats on the far east side of the exhibition hall when we needed a break. We also caught the quick acrobatic dance performance on the Calder inspired entry piece. Even the butterfly room was available with no line when we visited. I appreciate a show where retail goods are kept separate from the exhibition, I never felt pressured to buy anything, nor was I forced to walk through the vendor area.

Also, way to represent Philly with local restaurants and shops - hello DiBruno brothers! Will definitely be more inclined to visit again, and to recommend the show to others.
One of the best flower shows that my wife and I have attended in a number of years and probably one of the top five in the 30 years that we have been attending the show. 
    The tulips were everywhere with every color in the rainbow. Made us feel that we took a trip to Holland in the springtime and help us to forget the bitter cold outside. As members of the Horticultural Society we had early admission at the members preview which cuts down on the crowds and allows a more leisurely viewing. 
     Membership also allows you to use the lounge which has a comfortable place to sit and enjoy complementary cups of coffee and tea. This year they also provided Kind Bars and gave us swag bags with small maple trees and bags of Stroopwaffles. A nice touch  of Holland.
So every year my high school bestie and I catch the philly flower show.

This years theme is national parks. My bestie was a park & rec major in college so this appealed to her on a deeper level. 

I wasn't expecting much due to other reviews stating it was the pits this year, but tradition is tradition. I have to say it was better than previous years. Was it crowded... yes. However throw a  Stella cider ale (or two) down and its no big deal. 

The exhibits were very nice this year. There were more vendors and a few nice additions like Termini bros. 

We did have a few "whoa" moments and left with our favorite Kremps 2 dozen roses ($5 each). 

Laughs, ciders, & flowers....all good!
I've been coming to the Philadelphia Flower Show since I was youngin and despised it. It's hard for little kids to look at fun stuff and not touch it. Now that I'm old(er) and I can appreciate things other than recess and snack time, I can see how this is one of the more unique events that Philadelphia has to offer.

Unfortunately, all the times I've gone it's been super crowded which makes it easy to get irritated. But between the booze in multiple locations and the fact that they stepped up the snacks, it's easy to peruse the displays for hours without getting cranky. This year's art themed was smart and impressive. Loved it.

One of my favorite things to do is go through all the vendors in the last third of the showroom. The last day is a great time to come when many of the flowers and plants will be on sale. I always find something interesting for my place.

Take your zyrtec/claritin/allegra and come enjoy the show!
Philadelphia Flower Show in general are awesome. You have to come in early or on weekdays to avoid the crowd. 
This year's displays focused on the national parks under the theme Explore America. With the exception of Yellowstone National Park  (with geyser and all) I found the whole thing very disappointing. There was lack of vibrant colors in the displays. Everything was just too plain and simple, and in the end they all looked the same. 
If you haven't already bought the tickets for this year, just skip it. Trust me!
It was my first time at the flower show and I was pretty excited to see what all the hype is about every year. Unfortunately, it just was not all it lived up to be. The problem was that the show this year was missing one important thing: flowers. I realize that the theme is national parks and that many national parks are filled with plants, bushes, shrubs, and trees. While the exhibits definitely resembled national parks, I don't understand why this would make a good theme for a flower show. It was just missing color and after a while, every exhibit started to look similar to me. I could appreciate the creativity and the effort it took to put the exhibits together, but just got bored after a while. I also thought the crowds were unbearable, it was impossible to walk around and actually see anything without 4 rows of people in front of you trying to snap the perfect picture. 

The saving grace of the day was the butterfly exhibit. The extra 3 dollars to get it was totally worth it. Butterflies were landing on everyone and they were so beautiful! They really seemed to be attracted to bright colors, so wear something bright if you want to brag about how many you can get to land on you at one time. It was a fun and different experience that really saved the day. 

I would give the flower show a try another year, but hopefully the theme will be something a little more colorful and with a lot more flowers!
I've been attending for at least 20 years and agree that this year was disappointing.  But want to flag anyone attending with a physical or cognitive disability unable to drink directly from bottles (water, soda, etc).  The Overlook food court does not have straws or cups this year.  I agree with the need to cut down on paper and plastic waste but some people have limitations.  I brought someone with Alzheimer's who cannot manage bottle.  Fortunately, a cashier went into the storeroom and got me a cup but I'm certain I wasn't the only visitor in need.  PHS markets the show extensively to older people and promotes its accessibility but no one seems to have considered this.
I went in 2013 for the Beatles (band from England) theme and in 2014 for Art-iculture! Both were great. I enjoyed the Beatles theme more for creativity and color, and the Articulture theme for the presentations and use of space. I always enjoy the local exhibits, the small handicrafts, mini-flowers/plants, flowers in globes, orchids, cacti, table displays and the large professionally done displays. Gardeners and growers come from all over the world- as the Philadelphia Art Show- is the largest weeklong (including two full weekends) display of flowers in the world. In addition to gardeners and growers, people present on various topics such as the art of arrangements and cooking displays. There are also a variety of tours and celebrity guest appearances. Each year, PHS has different events. I went to two upscale events at PHS in 2014- one was a meet and greet for my company, who is a sponsor of the show, and the other was a LGBT Gala event. Both events were a lot of fun! The show is typically held in late February or early to mid-March. There are many categories for competition and judging, and rightfully so winning a ribbon is very prestigious! 

I always take WAY TOO MANY pictures!  The FLOWERS ARE SO BEAUTIFUL and the displays can be quite unique and funky! 

Tickets are generally priced at $28. There are some special exhibits that have an extra fee, such as the butterfly garden, which has received rave reviews. Next time I go to a show, I will probably splurge on this as a treat. If you volunteer for a few hours, you can earn yourself free admission to the show- this is well worth it! The show is run almost entirely on a volunteer staff. 

Parking at the convention center is pricey, but convenient. The other option is taking a SEPTA or NJ Transit Train in, which is also convenient but very affordable. 

Food- there is "Ball Park style" food on premise or you can just get your hand stamped and go to Reading Terminal Market or a to any local restaurant.. you'll be happy you did- food quality, taste and price will be better. In 2013, I brought snacks with me because I volunteered at the show. In 2014, I went to two events that both served food, so I was set!
my wife & I finally got a chance to stop by Philadelphia's one and only annual Philadelphia Flower Show.  

We've been coming here a long time.  I've been coming here since i was a kid with my parents and grandparents--probably a common tale--it might have been over in the old convention center across from HUP where Truman got the 1948 nomination & Wilt & the 1967 Sixers win 68 games & finally beat Russell & the Celtics for the NBA championship.  I'm awfully sorry that building is gone--i spent a lot of time there as a kid, and it was of historical value to have kept it.

but the new convention center at 12th & arch is terrific, and now expanded, accommodates not just the flower show, but another conference next door.  i come to many meetings down here now and it is a first rate facility.  

The flower show this year was dominated by exquisite planned and themed displays.  there were many of them, varied and intricate.  most emphasized renewable resources, respect for ecosystems, the national parks, design, architecture & design of gardens in many & varied styles, etc.  

the exhibits were overwhelming in their variety & originality.  jewelry made of flowers, settings coordinated with flowers, award winning plants and flowers--just so much to take in!  

my grandma was a gardener, my wife has the green thumb, i like working in the yard, so it was a pleasure, and even in the crowds, relaxing to visit the flower show.  there is a wonderful sense of shared zen when you realize all of us in this region love plants, flowers, growing our own vegetables, and the like.  

it is, it would seem, the ultimate fruition of william penn's dream--Penn-Sylvia--land of Penn's trees and forests--or more coloquially, Penn's Gardens.
We have been making a trip to see the Philadelphia Flower Show for the past 6 years.  This year's theme had a great potential, but we were very disappointed.  Monet's bridge/garden looked like a neglected yard with a dried up pond, there was one exhibition that was monochromatic and just color of dear grass, and the demo areas have been moved to the main area, which meant that the few seats were taken by people who were eating, drinking, or just plain tired.
I remember going to the flower show as a kid with my parents and being so amazed. In years past, the displays were much more vibrant and breathtaking. Boy, has it gone downhill! Going on a weekday, the crowd was overwhelming, confused, and out of control. There was no order or organization, and people just wandered around pointing their cameras everywhere, not taking the time to even enjoy the show. 

As far as the theme this year; "National Parks" was a pretty big letdown. A lot of the scenes and pieces they put together were pretty disappointing and lacking. There was much less emphasis on the flowers and more being put the on trees, bushes, and landscaping rather than bringing out the beauty of the flowers in sculpture. I'm sure from a gardener's standpoint, a lot of the displays were well put together and took a lot of hard work, but most of the dioramas and small viewing windows with massive queue lines missed the mark. Also, I noticed much more emphasis being placed on the vendors rather than the flowers and scenery. For the outrageous price tag and the fact that you have to get down to Philly to see the thing in the first place, I would just expect the flower show to live up to he precedent they set years ago.
Yikes..Yelp. We have been a long term fan (annually) but this years presentations were not up to task.  The theme of US National Parks was the pits.  Lacked color and the "Wow" factor.  My family was disappointed.  There seemed to be more vendors hawking their goods than any previous year.
I had never been before, so I didn't know what to expect. In a nutshell, it's the entire Philadelphia Convention Center filled with horticultural displays and vendors -- and welcome break from a long winter. If you are really into gardening, then this is probably a six star event.

Two quick tips:

1) I would get there early in the day. I showed up at 11 am on the last Sunday of the event and there was a noticeable difference in the number of people when I arrived and when I left at 2 pm. If you can go during the week, even better.

2) I would go as early in the show as you can. I was there on the last day, it was still awesome, but some of the tulips looked as though it had been a long week. This didn't diminish my appreciation, but I'm sure everything looks best on the first few days of the event. 

In terms of cost, it's $28 dollars if you buy ahead of time on line. I don't think that's on the pricy side. A movie is $10. The Art Museum is $20. Great Adventure is $70. A Phillies ticket is pretty much $10,000. If you don't like gardens, then it's just not your thing.

So there were several great installations of tulips. A number of gorgeous orchids. There was one six foot lily that made it smell like Easter for 10 feet in any direction. They had a number of items that artists made from plant-based objects, such as jewelry, that were very creative. 

Everything is submitted for a competition and awarded prizes by judges. I have to wonder about some of the judging though. For example, I attached three photos to make a point. Here someone tried to recreate a Rousseau painting from the Barnes Museum. They even included a copy of the painting in their display so that you could see what they were working from. The judges commented that there should have been a banana tree, but if you actually look at the painting (which, again, is provided), THERE IS NO BANANA TREE. The painting CLEARLY HAS AN ORANGE TREE instead. Really, people. Get with it.
It was my first time attending this annual event and I was amazed by how large it was. Each display had a theme whether it was for a forest or a movie, mainly Disney themes. The ones I enjoyed the most were the Princess displays as well as the Aladdin and Ratatouille displays. 

Other featured parts of the flower show was the Make and Take room where we made our flower headbands. Others made flower wands & crowns etc. The cost was $10.00/person.

The best feature, in our opinion, was the Butterfly Room. It was a netted room with different species of butterflies flying freely. Using cotton swabs dipped into honey water, we could attract the butterflies to stand onto the swabs and onto our fingers, arms etc. The cost was $3.00/person.

As for the workers, they were all very helpful and friendly. The individuals at the shopping stalls were very informative and friendly. We bought several dozen roses for $6.99/dozen. 

The main complaint would be how crowded it got as the day progressed on. There were no workers by many of the display to control the flow of the crowd.

Overall, it was a wonderful experience, one that we would do again in the future.
Not impressive this year.   Displays are inspired but very repetitive - many featured the same flowers and trees.  More variety has been the hallmark of this show in the past.  Regarding the food/drink offerings:   The sponsor (Pennsylvania Horticulture Society) is promoting a "Beer Garden", which is just a truck pouring stale Stella Artois beer !  With all the great local microbreweries in the area, how could the Flower Show think its upscale clientele would be fine with a stale, imported beer?  Microbrews are so popular and in fact far superior to the mass-produced imported Stella Artois. Regarding the the show vendors, they sell high quality items but it is always the same vendors, year in, year out.  I'd like to see some variety since I don't want to buy the same things again.  Past years have been wonderful but this year it is not worth going.
This was my first time ever going to the PFS and it was everything I imagined it to be and more. Such a stunning display of beauty created by so many talented and gifted artists. I loved all of the vendors lined up along the way and felt like it was such a well done event. Plenty of bathrooms everywhere, more than enough food & drink vendors. Cannot wait for next year!
I have gone to the Flower Show every year for close to thirty years. Some years were better than others but in general the show has become on major disappointment. When I went to the Acme to purchase tickets my reaction when I heard the price was, " Are you kidding? " 
I understand that prices rise but even with a senior discount $43 is way out of line.
The displays were mediocre at best and many flowers needed to be replaced. We went on a Wednesday morning and I warned my friend about the crowds. Not this year. Apparently the price and the virus scare have taken their toll.
There are more vendors than displays. I payed $5 for a pretzel and $4 for a bottle of water. Given the quality and the cost I doubt I will be attending this event in the future.
Horrible.  The worst flower show ever and I have been going for  more than 30  years.   I did not want to drive to the Show  - there were also 2 sports events that day in the same area so I knew parking would be  difficult-  so took the Flash from Reading Terminal Market on a package they had for roundtrip transportation.  That was the only positive experience of the whole day.  Although shuttles from the local lots, assuming you got into one,  took you to the  main entrance, the Flash left you off on the street.  The walk was awful to the entrance.   There should have been golf carts available for people with  mobility  issues to take them to the actual entrance or the Flash should have been allowed to drop people off at the main entrance.  I mentioned this to several  show representatives, and no one cared.   I was  able to rent a scooter, but some of the areas were very hilly.   Overall, the Show was a disgrace.  It reminded me of a Renaissance Faire, with plants, and believe me, the Pa. Renaissance Faire is a lot better.  The picnic lunch we  ordered was awful.  The vendors  were  not impressive and the exhibits mostly  dreadful and boring.  ( Our local flower shops like  Terrain  offer far superior plants than to what was available at the  show.).  The bathroom was a mess- overheated, no ventilation and dirty. 
I seriously question if the planners really   put time and effort into planning this .
Save your money. Not worth it, at all. Lots of vendors, not much in the way of imaginative or creative themed exhibits. Add in understaffed, lack of directional signage, parking nightmare, etc. Oh, and maybe they should have thought about how they would water the plants that were just wilting in the hot sun.
We were all very excited to finally make the 31/2 hour trip to the Philadelphia flower show this past weekend. Unfortunately, this was mostly vendors and very few flowers. Two of the displays were flora that are considered invasive and should not even be considered as a option in our area.  I think $203 for four people to shop and park was outrageous.  There are many outdoor markets that are free   There is no need to go to a non-flower show and spend $45 for the chance to shop. Many people mentioned the food, which I would expect to be overpriced at this type of event. This food was bad and overpriced. My husband had the Belgium fries, which were asmall serving ,soggy, and flavorless $10. I had the vegetable rachlett sandwich $12. This had very good bread with green onions and pickles, no other vegetables I had to keep looking inside the sandwich to see if it really had any cheese.  I'm still not sure.  If the show had the expected FLOWERS, none of the other things would have mattered. This was very disappointing and we will never go again
My wife and I visited the show on Saturday, March 7th.  We were there years before and remember the vibrant colors and smells of Spring.  This show, however, was very disappointing.  The movie theme was OK, but colors were few and far between.  There were some very clever ideas, but each display did not have enough flowers one would expect in a flower show - a shrub show might be more appropriate.  This was not worth the stuggle with the enormous crowd.

We did enjoy the vendors - some great ideas were presented.  Also, one comment about the "Make and Take" room - if I could it would get a single star rating.  The people working the room were awesome, however it really was terrible.  Basically, decorating sunglasses or a headband with silk flowers.  I really thought it was going to be a room where you could create your own mini-centerpiece, or something like that.  THUMBS-DOWN!
I have always wanted to go to the flower show and this year i finally made it!  i expected to see nature (plants, flowers, green stuff) instead there were tons on fake grass and fake flowers. how can it be the flower show if there is fake grass on the displays? And they did not have the decency to cover up the Styrofoam 'hills' with the fake grass. 
Yes there were lots of vendors and i have no problem with that. If the flowers were mind blowing, no one would see the need to go shopping, unless they loved shopping or needed something. 
I guess what I'm trying to say is a flowers show would have REAL, non-wilted flowers!
I've seen fresher and livelier plants at Home Depot and on sides of roads for free. For the price of that  ticket, this event is not worth it. Just wait for spring and go to the park. It's free. Also, this place was  disorganized, crowded, and more of a market place than a show. Don't be a sucker.
Such a disappointment. I have been attending the flower show for more than 30 years and this was the worst display I've ever seen. I would select a rating of minus five stars if it were an option.
It has been many many years since I've been here, maybe 15 or 20 years? This time I had friends in town and we opted to get up early and be here on a Saturday morning before 9 AM. It was a good time to go because we got through when the crowds weren't too bad at all.

The initial opening display when you first walk in is just gorgeous and spectacular. But then, I'm sorry to say, I felt like the rest of the exhibits seemed much smaller and not as impressive.

I actually would've loved to have spent more time at the vendors. My friends weren't really interested in shopping, unfortunately. They did buy me one of the adorable ceramic fish that was found in several of the displays :-)
I have been going to the Philadelphia Flower Show for more than 30 years.  This year's exhibition was  certainly the biggest disappointment ever.  Design on the 'small' scale completely took over the show.  Thank goodness for Stoney Brook Farms and Burke Landscapers who saved the day for those of us that find the gift of springtime and the wonder of flowers in natural settings a huge reason for going to the show.  Also, once again, the show's designers (of the floor layout) scored a swing and a miss for the miniatures in that reflected light from the next display area detracted from some really artistic presentations. Thanks go out to for some of the smaller exhibiters (such as the EPA) who tried their best to dilute the negative effects of too much retail and too many commercial, artificial looking competitive 'arrangements' that dominated the available floor space.  Overall, the show was an uninspiring and expensive disappointment.  (FYI: we also spent much less at the show than in previous years so the 'expensive' aspect was that the show's admission fee simply wasn't worth the time spent on the primary reason for attending the show.)  Sorry of this review is such a jumble of thoughts; I can't entirely articulate my lever of exasperation concerning this trip!  At least I didn't renew my membership.
I love The Flower Show! I've been coming for a few years (give or take) now. This year's theme was art. As always, the major exhibits blow me away. The creativity and the expertise shown is mind-boggling. 

If you've never been to see the show, you have to go at least once. Be prepared for it to be crowded but it's definitely doable. 

The adult ticket is $27 online or $32 at the door. Considering a movie lasts for two hours and is about $15, I think it's still a fairly good value. Look for memberships to PHS to save money. 

The shopping here is one of the highlights for me. While I wish they added a few more exhibits, I love finding unique vases and garden sculptures. 

Next year I'm hoping to do the garden tea.
