We did the All-Day/All-Philly tour and it was just fantastic.   Our guide Alex was knowledgeable, energetic, friendly, and patient PLUS he had gone to school at UPenn and extensively studied architecture.   As a true urbanite, he walked us all around the city, explaining the significance of the street plan, the buildings, the politics, the cost of living in each neighborhood, the demographics, everything.   We took buses and the subway to get to some of the more distant locations like the Art Museum and University area.    Even in the crushing 102 degree heat, Alex kept up a steady pace and balanced a structured walking tour with enough flexibility to see things we were curious about.   Highly recommended!!
This tour was OK.  It was informative.  The tour guide was really friendly and very knowledgable.  But I was disappointed because I signed up for the Historic District/Society Hill tour and the website specifically said we would see a lot of things that we didn't see.  

They said that we would see "... the Liberty Bell..."  And we didn't see the liberty bell.  They apparently don't let tours in there.  Our guide pointed out the building that houses the Liberty Bell.  But we did NOT see the liberty bell.  

The website said we would "visit the wonderful indoor mural of Maxfield Parrish" - but that was "closed for an event."  So again, we saw the building that houses the wondering indoor mural, but we did not see the indoor mural.  

The website said we would "stop at the house of Dr. Philip Syng Physick, an early pioneer in medical practice and the inventor of the first soda. Here have the chance to drink some soda and taste an early Philadelphia tradition, the Philadelphia Soft Pretzel.." - but there was yet another excuse at Dr. Physics house.  So we stopped at Penn Hospital and had a soft pretzel, but not soda.  And no tour of Dr. Physicks house - it was just pointed out to us as we walked past.  

Except the tavern at the end, we didn't go IN anything.  We didn't walk through the graveyards to look at the tombstones, or go in the churches so we could see the stained glass windows.  We just walked and walked and had buildings pointed out to us.  

So really, the tour advertised a lot, but didn't really deliver what it said it would.  It was still interesting.  Our tour guide was still informative And I got it using a coupon - so I only paid about 1/2 the full price.  I would have been really annoyed if I had paid full price and not seen 1/2 the stuff they advertised.  Actually, even though I only paid 1/2 price, I was still annoyed.
OK so we just took the History HD tour and I would give the tour 2 stars and our guide Chris a solid 5 stars. This is my very first trip to Philly and my wife was so excited to show me the sights. We picked this tour because it sounded a little different than the other tours and it promised to see so many things.  This is a 2 hour walking tour and you do get a good bit of exercise. This is a lot of information in a short amount of time and is a great tour for history lovers. 

PROS

1. Chris was our tour guide and he was funny, informative, and interesting.  He told us all kinds of American History we did not know, he explained why Philly was such a great town and he did it with passion! He really seemed to know his stuff and he seemed to enjoy teaching us about his city. 

2. You see a lot of the historical city and you get a brief history about each spot. Chris debunked a ton of history we were taught as children and replaced those myth's with true stories of great Americans.

3. My wife and I both have disabilities and have issues walking long distances and walking in general. They kept the tour at a decent pace where we felt like we could keep up, he spoke loud enough for all of us to hear, and we did the 2 hour walk with no problem. Just beware because of its rich history the streets are rocky, have tons of holes, and really
un -even side walks.

4. Do not pay full price go on groupon! 

CONS

1. So as another review said you are told you see a lot and you do see it, but you do not really go into anything. We walked past a 319 year old church looked inside, but did not go in. We saw the liberty bell from an small outside window, we saw constitutional hall from outside the doors, so on and so forth. Although Chris had great information at each spot we really did not see much. We took this tour so we could get the highlights and then decided what to go back and see again. With this tour we have to go back and see it all. I do not blame Chris for this I think the tour is designed this way to cram a ton of information in it, but I think it suffers from the lack of actually seeing the sights. We learned everything we needed to know about the place just did not go inside. 

2. Lastly the beer at the end was a nice gesture, but they make it seem like you can choose what you want to get, but you do not get to choose. They gave us a beer called the "5 mile" beer and it was good but a very dark stout. A dark stout is an acquired taste and about 6 out of 10 people in our tour took a sip and left the rest. They wasted so much beer on us and no one drank it. I felt bad for the restaurant and I did not like that we could not choose our own beer. Why not go with a lighter beer a more general flavor for the tours? They should at minimum give you 2 beers to choose from. 

All in all I would go again I just would like to see more things as the site says so.
We booked the history tour with them and loved our tour guide and the route we were on. Very informative and amusing. However, their customer service is quite awful - when I called to make my reservation, the lady was so rude and unpleasant to speak with that it made me never want to book another tour with them again. Does she not realize she's the first impression for any customer looking to book with them? Not sure what her problem was but she left such a bad taste in my mouth that I didn't even want to go on my tour.
My brother and I did the South Philly tour and it was great! Our tour guide Tiernan was very knowledgeable and kept the tour very interesting. My brother and I lived in Philly for several years and it was nice to discover some new amazing places. Some extra bonuses included a mini behind-the-scene tour of the House of Pork and an employee at the House of Cheese told us about the origin and evolution of the store. All the stops included samples of food and it was all delicious. Very delicious (come hungry)!!

Great tour if you are from out of town and even better tour if you are from Philly because you can then return to all these amazing churches, restaurants and shops.
kudos to Kenny, our youthful, but wise beyond his years tour guide,who made this History in HD tour memorable. my husband is still talking about it.. Kenny, a soon to be junior in college, is articulate, reflecting his medieval major, and knowledgeable, with excellent people skills. His sense of humor came through, too, which helps, when on a fact laden 2 hour tour.But, it's Kenny' s passion for history, and enjoyment sharing it, that made this special.
Did it help that there were only Four of us on the tour, and the weather overcast, and not too hot or too cold,not course, We had perfect May Day, not at all crowded. We were the  only people in Christ Church at the end of the tour , and that was lovely. 
Beware about terrible, awful uneven sidewalks in Philly.Out of Towners you are hereby warned to wear the most comfortable walking shoes you own,, and remember your mantra should be too" look down,LOOK DOWN" when you leave the park and are  in old city. between the sidewalk posts and holes of all kinds, pay attention.
My husband really appreciated   free crafts  beer at a local Pub at the end of the tour. It helped  that we were with lovely, interesting couple from Seattle. With a larger group you might want to add extra time beyond the 2 hour tour, to enjoy this part. Unfortunately, we ha to rush to dinner reservations. 

really kudos to urban adventures- you  have Kenny, a most personable, no doubt future professor, as your employee who reflects well on your organization. , and you've designed a nice tour.- History in HD.
We 'll be taking another for sure, Any more group ons ??????
I did the Italian Market tour with a group of Penn students, and I was thoroughly impressed. Because of Philadelphia's historic significance, I feel that the Italian market is often forgotten about as a local attraction. But it's actually really cool and something I recommend for tourists and locals alike!

Our tour guide was really sweet and knowledgeable about Philadelphia and the Italian Market. The tour included many shops in the Italian Market including Claudio's Specialty Foods, Di Bruno Bros, a butcher store, a gelato store, a cookware store, and an olive oil store. At most of these stops, we were given free samples or tastings of the products, and sometimes even a discount on any purchase we made. The tour ends at Pat's/Geno's where you can purchase a cheesesteak. 

I really enjoyed myself and as a result will definitely be back at the Italian market soon!
My friend Krista P. and I took the Essence of South Philadelphia Tour last weekend via Groupon (holler).

Our guide was extremely knowledgeable and knew the area well.  We had a small group which I enjoyed and everyone was super friendly as we made our 4 hour journey around South Philly.

If I had to critique one thing, it would have been that 4 hours is a bit long for a tour, but it was definitely worth the time investment! I learned a ton, and I enjoyed my time.

Props for giving us a few breaks on a HOT afternoon!
I am the type of person who isn't big on the touristy tours, so I wasn't sure what to expect when my friend signed us up for Urban Adventures as a birthday present to myself and also her way of helping me get to know the area, as I had just moved to Delran, NJ. After 5 hours spent walking around in the 90+ heat of Philadelphia with our guide Tiernan, I must say I was happily surprised. Tiernan was very knowledgeable with the area and didn't blink at my many questions I threw her way as we passed through the Garment District, onto discovering how the people of Philly re-located the Delaware River, to my pure glee as we explored the scrumptious and authentic foods of Little Italy. I definitely feel like Philadelphia is a little less of a stranger to me now after the fun and informative tour and would highly recommend it to anyone looking to explore the less traveled areas of the city. Thanks Tiernan.

Best Regards,
Morgen Perdue
My husband and I always go to the Comcast holiday show and DiBruno Brothers, and we wanted to check out the Love Park Christmas Village as well, so when I saw a LivingSocial deal for a Philadelphia Christmas tour that went to those places plus a few others, we decided to give it a try. While this tour was better than a previous tour we took in Philadelphia, in that the tour guide was knowledgeable about the city and actually told us things we didn't already know, it still wasn't what I expected from a tour you spend money for.

We met at the clothespin sculpture across from City Hall, where it was pouring rain (and continued raining for most of the tour - we apparently are unable to take tours on non-rainy days). A number of people dropped out for the day, so we formed a group of 8 and went with one guide, while the other guide took a group of 4 and waited for the other guests. Our first stop was the Macy's light show, which is a big deal for kids (but actually kind of lame for adults). Having paid money for this tour, I might have expected that the tour company had some kind of arrangement with Macy's to get us a good spot to view the show. Instead, we were crammed in with the crowds and I could actually only see half the display. The best part was the huge, historic organ, which didn't come in until the end. Macy's should do all the music on the organ.

Next we went to the Reading Terminal (the Convention Center), where we learned some interesting tidbits, followed by the Reading Terminal Market, where we had 15 minutes of free time. What can you do in 15 minutes at the RTM at lunchtime?! My husband and I panicked and ended up getting smoothies and Amish pretzels. I can't imagine what people who'd never been there before thought. We walked through the city a little more and went to the Christmas Village. This is a new thing they've been doing for the last couple years, and it was cute, but would probably be nicer on a cold winter night than a warm, wet afternoon. My husband and I got some cider, and we had some more free time to explore around a little. I think I saw most of the booths, but I'd like to go back there on our own next Christmas and really enjoy it. We were also given a little gingerbread "snack" (the guide just bought a bag of gingerbread and gave everyone some).

Then we headed to the Comcast building for their holiday show, which was good as usual and included an interactive element at the end (and I think we were standing right beneath the snow sprayer). Then they took us to DiBruno Brothers and gave us a few minutes, which wasn't even enough time to do anything, again, and finally we ended in Rittenhouse Square.

Again, we did learn a few little interesting things along the way, but in general there was no special access, we didn't meet any shop owners or anything, and at the stops where we had free time, it wasn't really enough time to accomplish anything. So for next year, we'll go back to doing our own thing. It sounds like some of the other tours are a little more informative, so I might give Philadelphia Urban Adventures another try.
My Mom and I did the Italian Market tour one weekend in February, and it was great. I know my Mom loved it, and we got to try a LOT of yummy food samples, which I loved. 
It was a rainy dreary day, so we ended ip having the tour all to ourselves which you might think was awkward, but our tour guide was great, made us totally comfortable, and really knew his stuff!
Totally worth the price, you will learn a lot and have a great time!
We did the River-to-River 7-hour walking tour.  We live near Philadelphia but hadn't spent much time exploring the city before, until our daughter gave us this tour as my wife's birthday present.  The tour was a real eye-opener, showing us the extraordinary diversity of Philadelphia.  Our guide, Paige, had just finished her masters' degree in history at University of Pennsylvania and was enthusiastic and highly knowledgeable.  The tour didn't go to the usual places--the Liberty Bell, Independence Hall, and so on.  The idea was that most tourists already know those places or can find them on their own.  Instead, we explored the historic back alleys, the huge wall murals, and the lunch delicacies of the Reading Terminal Market.  We now know so many fascinating places in Philadelphia--I can't wait to go back and explore more.   Suggestion:  Come prepared for walking - good walking shoes and a positive attitude!
Really enjoyed the Markets, Mosaics, and Magic private walking tour (coordinated through an event we are attending).  Nicole was an outstanding, enthusiastic guide and really conveyed her passion for and love of this city.  She showed us areas and neighborhoods that we likely would not have discovered on our own.  Do not eat a big breakfast before taking a "Markets" tour!
My husband (a native of North Philly) and I always return back a couple times a year from San Diego to visit with our family and friends. However, we never find the time to enjoy most of the tours and attractions that Philadelphia has to offer its patrons. Via the power of Groupon, my husband and I found this "History in HD" Two Hour Walking Tour for only $10 each that included an alcoholic beverage at Triumph Bar & Restaurant. So we thought, why not and I'm glad we didn't look back. 

It was easy to find our fascinating tour guide, Josh who impressed and wowed us from the very get-go. Since it wasn't a busy day, my husband and I were overjoyed that it was just the two of us and our guide for this amazing city tour filled with incredible knowledge and an unique prospective into this amazing historical district. Further, Josh was very attentive to our needs even going the extra mile to take us to the local Walgreens so I could purchase a disposable camera since my smart phone's battery died! 

We went everywhere! Because of long lines we unfortunately weren't able to see the Liberty Bell from the inside but the other stops along the way were worth that small misfortune. As a history buff myself, I personally enjoyed visiting Christ Church and sitting in George Washington's pew. My husband who previously served in the United States Marine Corps enjoyed stopping by where historian's believe the founder of USMC to be buried at next to the Quaker Meeting Hall, ironically a center this groups nonviolent way of life. 

Prior to this tour we paid $30 for a 20 minute ride on a horse and carriage ride with a Philadelphia local who swore more at cars & pedestrians that enrich us like Josh with Philadelphia Urban Adventures did for us. He even extended our tour well past the 2 hours and joined us for appetizers at Triumph! Like other post writers have indicated, these tour guides never rush their patrons through this incredible journey of history. Rather, Josh as I'm sure the other guides are trained to do, work with their tourists to make this one of the most fulfilling and memorable experiences I know my husband and I will certainly never forget. 

In fact, it's quite ironic because my husband who usually hates these sort of things actually enjoyed this far more than I and has unequivocally stated that when we come back next year we're definitely re-booking another tour! 

Some quick pointers though for the non-natives and tourists - try to arrive a little early. If you're lost you can always call the company's phone number and they will guide you to your meeting spot destination. There isn't on-site or free parking. Parking is expensive downtown so plan for this (ranges from $15 or more for the whole day) or try taking local transportation or calling a cab. Some hotels have shuttles to local tourists spots as well. The tour is a little long, so come with comfy walking shoes, sun screen, water, sunglasses and of course a CHARGED Camera! Happy touring!
I have not taken a tour with this company. However I reported to Andy who appears to runs the company, and/or his representative,  that one of his tour guides commits violent acts and makes degrading comments and gestures towards women. This tour guide has admitted the violence yet the company will not dismiss or suspend him.This puts women, in particular, at risk. I am writing as a forewarning about this company.
Despite the utterly frigid weather, we had a most delightful three hour tour through the 9th Street Italian Market & Magic Gardens with our guide Arielle. What a fun and informative way to spend our morning! The market was fantastic, and we had a chance to taste many of the local purveyors. The bread and tomato pie from Sarcones were spectacular, and the cheese from Di Bruno was a mind blowing assortment. The corn tortillas from Tortilleria San Ramon were among the best we've eaten, and the subs from Georges were solid, as welll. The Magic Gardens were an unexpected treat - a beautiful labyrinth of mosaic art worth seeing. As a local, Arielle gave us a unique perspective of her beloved city as well as insider stories on the history, rivalries, and way of life in this area. Definitely recommend it!
I took the South Philly tour and had a great time.  Sights included historic residential neighborhoods, churches and businesses, the 9th street market (including some bonus mini-tours of some of the shops), a bit of South Street and Philadelphia Magic Gardens.  That last one was my favorite - an absolutely stunning place of art that I might not have known about otherwise.  Our tour guide was knowledgeable and the small size of the tour (mine had 7 people) made it feel very personal.  This tour was a great experience and a good value.
The Italian Market Immersion Tour is a can't miss on your next trip to Philadelphia.  Our tour guide, Chuck, really made the tour great.  We would not have had such an enjoyable and educational time walking around this part of this City without him leading the way.  He shared with us that he is a retired University professor and Philadelphia native.  He loves this city and it showed!  We learned about the history of one of the oldest markets in the US (over 100 years old) and sampled some items along the way.  We also saw street art and learned more about the history of the City, William Penn's plan for a "utopian" type society and the legendary "curse of William Penn." The Penn statue on top of City Hall used to be the highest point in Philadelphia until the 1980's when the mayor alllowed skyscrapers in.  The legend goes that after that, all the Philly sports teams had a losing streak until a worker on one of the new tallest buildings added a mini statue of Penn to the top, then the teams started to win again.
On our tour, we sampled...
Sesame seed sprinkled fresh bread (with no preservatives)
Italian cookie drizzled with chocolate.
Aged Balsamic Vinegar, Fig Vinegar and Coconut flavored White Balsalmic Vinegar
Special cheese (can't remember the name) coupled with spiced cashews
 Fresh (made today) Tortilla chips and fresh tomato salsa from a shop where the owners are from Central Mexico
Mandarin orange from the produce stand
Plus we got 10% off when we purchased additional items at the vendors we passed for being on the tour.
This company made some very special memories for me and my fiancé. Our tour guide, Jason, helped me orchestrate an extremely romantic and thoughtful engagement that included a marriage proposal in front of the Philadelphia LOVE statue. He also went the extra mile to have a fellow co-worker, Michelle, hang out in the park and take surprise photos of the engagement making our memories even better! We recently got one of the picture enlarged on a canvas.

I am so impressed by this company, not by the amount of historical knowledge they possess, rather how they are so personable and are willing to go an extra mile to make special moments for their customers. Thank you for helping us make my proposal so special!
