I love philly. There are so many sites and activities and PIFA is a good example. This is a great street fest to experience some of the wonderful fine arts philly has to offer. 

A friend of mine is in a performance group called Squonk Opera so we originally went to see him. Which btw if you have a chance and they are in town you have to check them out. Trust me you have never seen anything like them! Amazing!! 

This festival offers a variety of street performers, live music groups, video arts (slow mo photo booth & ocular rift), food trucks and local restaurant samplings, vendor tables, amusements & zip lines down broad street! It's great for kids & dogs as well. 

Overall we had a great time! Looking forward to next year!!
This thing was kind of awesome. I mean yeah, it was totally packed, and yeah many of the "grassy" areas were wet beyond what is acceptable to sit on but this was great. I found the most amazing parking on 15th which completely blew my mind. 

Prices for the rides were a little high but honestly, the lines were so long that you really weren't riding multiple times. 

The turnout was good, the music was good, there was a lot of food, although many of it seemed to be the same. But then again carnival food is what people really want to sink their teeth into at an event like this so it fit. 

The kimmel center had its doors open where kids were playing on a wooden apparatus and loving every minute of it. 

The old school ferris and other rides brought me feelings of fear and nostalgia all at once. 

There was a zip line and a waterfall, need I say more?
Things I saw today on Broad Street (between Chestnut and South) at the PIFA Festival:

1. A woman dressed like a statute/fountain emitting jets of water from her head and fingers. Sweet.
2. Jugglers. Sorry, I'm a sucker for street performers, I know it's lame.
3. People dressed in crazy garb and makeup riding weird metal horses/on stilts.
4. People dressed in medieval garb riding (actual) horses.
5. A FERRIS WHEEL. 
5. One of those pirate ship rides!
6. SO MANY adorable babies, puppies, small children on their parents shoulders/ and or on ropes courses that I would never let my (hypothetical future) children go on.
7. A DINOSAUR PETTING ZOO. Yep. Pretty much the best thing ever.
8. Day drinking on the street! Few things make me happier in life.
9. Fried everything- gotta love street fair food (fries, foot long corn dogs, fried cheese curds, etc.)
10. Adorable grassy circular parks springing randomly out of nowhere on broad street.
11. Live music! Banjo band in overalls, check. Old man jazz band, check. Rockin' drum band, yup.
12. Trapeze artists!
13. A lady upside down and doing splits while hanging from 2 pieces of white cloth with nothing below her but concrete!
14. Welding artists?! Was not aware this was a thing until today, but cool.
15. Free stuff and raffles and contests and spinning wheels and games and cornhole!
16. ALOT of people. If you hate crowds, you may not like this. 
17. FOOD TRUCKS! I'm sorry, University City, I know you hoard all the good food trucks and that's cool, but you're far. I like it when you lend festivals your trucks. Thanks.
18. HAPPINESS AND JOY AND SUNSHINE AND AWESOMENESS.

Basically this was an AMAZING thing to do on a beautiful Saturday and I would highly recommend dropping everything to attend this awesome festival. Screw your homework, job, obligations, birthday parties, workout routine. Come from the suburbs. Take the train in from Manayunk. Bus from South Philly. Walk over from Rittenhouse. Days like this make me fall in love with Philly even more.
