There are several company offering hop-on hop-off bus tour. The prices are not huge different. This company offers 1,2 or 3 days tour pass. Personally, I think buying 1 day pass is good enough. Because most of the tourist attractions stops are walking distance. Sometimes the wait for the bus and the ride is longer than walking to the next destination. Sometimes the wait for the next bus could be one hour long..... 

Besides the audio self-guide, there is also a real guide on the bus. My favorite tour guide has to be WARREN!! He is super entertaining and hilarious~ He has super good memory of where you are from. He would acknowledge you if he sees you again! Super friendly~ He has good jokes and sometimes I didn't even want to get off the bus!!
My mom had discounted tickets for the Philly Sightseeing Tour so we took my grandmom out for a day of sightseeing. This tour can really be made or broken by the tour guide. For the first half of our day (start point at The Bourse to the Art Museum), our guide mumbled and wasn't very enthusiastic. 

We decided to walk around the Art Museum for a bit, so by the time we got back on the bus, we had a new tour guide. He was friendly, enthusiastic and knew a lot about the city. I was a bit disappointed that he promoted Pat's and Geno's, however. There was one other local on the bus as well and we sort of gave each other the eye like, "Really? Really?!" Friends, there are far better cheesesteaks out there! 

While I didn't learn anything new about the city, from a local's point of view, I thought the tour did a very nice job showcasing Philadelphia to visitors.
Loved Annie and Tamara! My Philly day tour consists on hopping on their bus at least 3 times at different stops, what a coincidence. It was an adventurous ride filled with fun jokes, tree ducking, a "free back massage", as Annie calls the bumpy road we were rollin' by towards the end of her tour. I learned a few things here and there about the city as well. 

Their buses comes every 30 minutes (not usually on time due to traffic), and runs along their route in numerical order, there is no turning back. Streets are pretty short around here so you can really go through a few attractions by walking rather than waiting out on the next bus to arrive.

Only thing was, NO AC! There were times when we hopped back on, the top deck would be packed and we would have to be stuck in the the sauna level of the bus. That said, the best seat would be right next to the driver, as she had her little personal clip on fan fanning, and her window wide open.
While I walked all over the city exploring on my own, me and the mister were set out for a tour of the entire area via the Double Decker bus. 

For about $25.00, you get a 24 hour ticket to ride the bus. We stopped and saw many historical sights and hopped off when we wanted to grab a bite to eat or explore another area. The next bus routinely picks you up in an hour, so we used it as our personal bus to get around and explore the areas further away from us. 

Some of the tour guides are funnier and more knowledgable than others, but all in all we enjoyed the tour and got to see almost all of the cities major landmarks.
My husband and I took a day trip to Philly, and took advantage of a Groupon we had purchased for the sightseeing tour. Due to the government shutdown, Philly's main attractions (the Constitution Center, the Liberty Bell, etc.) were closed.

We liked the fact that you could "hop on and hop off" if there were attractions near a stop you wanted to check out for a while. It made getting around the city very convenient.

Reading other reviews, you'll learn that no two tour guides are alike. Either they make or break the whole sightseeing experience. We got lucky. Twice. When we first boarded in the a.m., we got Jo, a very knowledgeable, easy, breezy tour guide. We had to detour around the breast cancer walk which was going on along Ben Franklin Parkway, but Jo did not miss a beat. She was able to point out and talk about other landmarks that obviously were not on the tour. A real pro that Jo was. Her driver, however, was jamming to Michael Jackson on his iPod headphones, so he missed a couple of stops when tourists were trying to get off. I don't know how I'd feel if that happened to me.

The second time we got back on, we got Eric, who was super friendly and had boatloads of energy. He, too, knew a lot about the landmarks, and we appreciated the fact that we got to hit some of the stops twice and hear both guides' perspectives on certain landmarks. 

My husband and I were extremely impressed with both Jo and Eric, and are glad we didn't get one of the mumbling or uneducated tour guides. I went to undergrad in Philly, so there was a lot I already saw and knew about the city. However, it was incredibly interesting to get some background information and perspective from Philly natives who undoubtedly have a lot of love for their city.

If you do the tour, be sure to ask when Eric and Jo's buses depart. If you take the tour with either of them, you will not be disappointed.
The driver drove too fast to really enjoy this tour. Our guide was knowledgeable but not very engaging and seemed disingenuous. The city is kinda blah when comparing it to NYC, DC, and Chicago. 

Not impressed with this effort as we just had a completely different and wonderful experience in Chicago with Big Bus Tours. This company seemed to be mismanaged and disorganized. 

Our guide reminded us about 10 times that they accept tips but if they did a better job, you wouldn't have to. Not once did the guide mention a tip jar in Chicago and I just wanted to tip based on the experience. I can't recommend this tour in Philly. #notworththemoneyspent
My mom and I took this bus tour one of the days we were in Philadelphia recently. We had actually planned on doing the Big Bus tour, but we came across these guys and it was $25 instead of $30, so we went for it. 

Being able to hop on and hop off was great; what wasn't great was how most of the tour guides didn't actually let us know when the stops were, so we missed a few places we'd planned to get off. To that point, some of the tour guides we had were GREAT, others you could hardly understand on the microphone. 

At one point, we were a little concerned about the timeliness of these buses; they are supposed to come every 30 minutes, which is long as it is, but one was about 10 minutes late and another was a few minutes late as well. After that, the rest of them were fine and on time. 

This tour does take you to most of the main attractions - the Liberty Bell, Betsy Ross's House, Independence Hall, Rittenhouse Square, the Rocky steps, a lot of museums (which we didn't visit), etc. Definitely worth it as a good way to see all the sights, although we realized later most of it would've been walkable.
I was approached by Christine (?) at the visitor center and she was so knowledgable and sweet that she totally convinced me to purchase a tour. I had looked at them previous to my visit to Philly and thought I could probably do most if it on my own. (Which I probably could've done, but I definitely would not have gotten the same experience) 

Great customer service!

Tip: they are selling tickets on Groupon for half price for a limited time. Total steal! Purchase a day before just to be safe :)
My fiancée and I took this tour today and had a blast. Our tour guide, Marc, was very knowledgable and certainly took pride in his job and his city. We learned some very cool facts about Philly and found some places that we could go explore a little further on our own. Our driver, E-Rock, did a great job of navigating through some tough Saturday afternoon traffic. Everything about the process was easy  ... from the online ticketing to boarding to hopping on and off when you needed to. Would highly recommend this tour to anyone wanting to get a fresh view of one of our country's most beloved cities.
I was in Philadelphia for 2 days In October 2014 and bought a 2-day hop-on hop-off pass.  I was TOTALLY satisfied!

I would suggest you ride the entire sightseeing loop the first time (60-90 minutes) to get an idea what you want to go back and see, where you can walk, the history of the sights, etc.  Then, hop on and off for the remainder of your trip.

Melvin and Brittney were super helpful getting me to the bus and buying my ticket on the first day.  Some of the nicest people I've met!  One of my tour guides, Danielle, was particularly knowledgable and entertaining.  I'm sure, though, no matter who helps you, you will be happy.  Also, ask at your hotel...Melvin picked me up and delivered me to the bus on the first morning.  Super easy!

This bus tour was one of the best parts of my trip!  You won't be sorry!!
We chose to purchase 2 day tickets for this sightseeing tour company as it had several stops that were of interest to us. We boarded the bus, and were asked by someone who turned out to be the tour guide, where we were going, which seemed a very strange question for a "hop on-hop-off' tour? We replied that we were thinking "the Mutter Museum" first, and at that point the guide rudely/immediately... corrected our pronounciation. As we went along, it became clear that this particular guide and driver were on a mission to complete the route as quickly as possible. They allowed for no photo ops, and didn't announce any stops as we were approaching them. The guide only had the driver stop if he knew someone wanted to get off at a particular spot. That is until it came to our stop. When we were approaching our stop at the "Mutter Museum", the guide made a brief comment about the museum, and we assumed we would be stopping in a moment. We began to gather our belongings, but the bus never stopped. I walked up to the guide, who said, "oh, sorry, my bad, some other lady came up to talk to me and I forgot". REALLY? I walked back to the rest of my party, and the guide made his way, clearly reluctantly back to us, and still the bus was moving. My husband suggested that we continue on, and go to a different museum, but my nephew really wanted to see the "Mutter". The bus finally stopped, and we went down the steps to talk to the guide who at this point was EXTREMELY dismissive. He told us we could walk the 4 blocks to the "Mutter" or walk through some building to stop "5" and get on another bus. At that point, and feeling very rushed we stepped off, with no idea where we were supposed to go. At that point, we walked in the direction we came from only to find that the guide mislead us, and the "Mutter" was much further than 4 blocks. "VERY DISAPPOINTING TO BE DUMPED OUT IN A STRANGE CITY WITH INCORRECT INFORMATION FROM A TOUR GUIDE!!". So, we finished our visit at the "Mutter", and finally found the small sign advising where the bus would pick us up. We only waited 15 minutes for our bus, and in the pouring rain everyone was packed into the lower level of the bus, which would not have been bad if we didn't have to stand near the guide who was doing a fairly good job, but the smell of alcohol on her breath was at times overwhelming. We finally returned to stop 1, and spoke with the person who was manning the mobile kiosk. We described our trip to her, and she asked us to wait a moment so she could speak to her manager. A few moments later she returned to tell us that her manager dismissed our situation with no compensation or even an apology. She was very apologetic, and provided us with the e-mail address to file a complaint. She promised us she would be there to greet us the next day, and promised our experience would be better. Well, we would love to say that this happened, but it did not. On day two we were approaching the kiosk, and the same girl we spoke to the prior day walked by and greeted us. She told us to go right to the kiosk, and speak with her co-worker who would give us our admission bracelets, so over we went, and were told rudely by 2 co-workers that we needed to go to an indoor counter to get our bracelets, and could have cared less about the instructions we were given. We went inside, and the first girl we spoke to then decides to tell us that yes, normally you come inside for bracelets, but had she been at the kiosk, she would have given them to us there. REALLY??? So, we get our bracelets and she tells us to go out and board the first bus. We proceeded to the curb, and the two rude co-workers at the Kiosk, who KNEW they had 3 more for the bus, gave our bus the go ahead to leave without us!!!??? I asked what was happening, and one of the two slowly wandered into the street behind the bus, but never yelled or motioned for the bus to stop. Instead, he turned around, looked at us, gesturing and angrily yelling something we could not hear over the street noise. With that another employee, with a very annoyed tone, told us that we were supposed to get the bus to open the door for us. WHAT??? NOW YOU WANT CUSTOMERS TO CHASE BUSSES DOWN THE STREET AND GET THEM TO OPEN DOORS FOR US??? REALLY??? So, we were left with no choice but to board the other bus at the curb, which would not be leaving for another half hour. We sat on the bus for 15 minutes and NO ONE addressed our issue or concerns, instead everyone we encountered including the girl we first spoke to stood around the kiosk eating, smoking, and glaring at us. I was reduced to tears and my husband decided that this awful situation was not worth it so we disembarked with the employees staring at us, and opted to complete our day using our own vehicle. This whole experience was so unacceptable, but NO ONE will take any of our issues or concerns under consideration. Word of warning---realize you have choices and avoid this company at all costs!!
Our favorite guy was Ernest, the great. His humor was initially hard to catch on but once you get his pace, he was an absolute delight. "To your right, to your right, cameras out!!!! cameras out!!!" There is a normal level of enthusiasm, but Ernest was out of this world. He made jokes that were memorable and we quoted them days later (like the Joan of Ark one). We didnt get to hear all of his jokes which was one downside to our short trip. How does this man have so much energy?!
You got to see the entire city in a good amount of time. It was nice to loop multiple times and get off at locations you wanted to spend more time at. 

Recommend:
 - Start the day early (9am) and catch the last shuttle of the day to enjoy the final loop. And since there will be traffic, you'll get to have more space to really take in all the sights you'll see. 
 - When they say it ends at 5pm, the last bus leaves from the first stop at 5pm and will take about 90 minutes to loop all the way around.  Plan accordingly - we got on the final bus from Reading Terminal Market at 5:15!
 - Rain: If it's supposed to rain, bring a poncho or something to cover your head at least. You CANT use umbrellas up on the upper deck.
 - Watch your head going up the stairs. Every staff member will remind you of that. Ouch!
 - The best deal comes from the Sightseeing Pass you can get at Groupon. Get the one with the FLEX option - you could ride this for a day for only close to $10!

Pros: 
 - Get to see around 26ish stops/locations with a little bit of history narrated by the staff person. 

Cons:
 - Seriously need to watch out for branches if you're on the sides. I had way too many close calls it wasn't even funny. 

If I were to do it again, I would get this for two days and take my time at each stop. Had to rush through many of the big attractions, but it's a nice way to get around the city and take in the historical sights and oohs! 

Oh and Ernest - still the best.
It was a dark Philadelphia evening.  We had just come from the Hard Rock Cafe to begin our tour of Philadelphia's more mysterious side.... On a bright red bus.  It was cold, but that was my own fault for under dressing (I recommend hats and scarves if you're going in cooler weather).  The information was interesting, and I learned a lot about the city and it's history.  The most impressive part, however, is sitting on the top.  Everyone should do that once in their lifetime because it's amazing how close you feel to the underside of bridges.  The whole experience was a lot of fun.
This was the first time at 46 that I had taken one of these open top city tours but as my daughter and I were there visiting a city steeped in so much history, we went for it. It was fantastic! Our tour guide, Katie was extremely knowledgeable of not just the historically significant spots but also made mention buildings and locations that were significant to the history of POC and women. The bus driver, Yaz was masterful at driving that monster of a vehicle while doing her best to avoid low lying beaches. The whole experience was fantastic and I would highly recommend it. If you're sensitive to the sun, wear sunscreen on those hot sunny days if you're sitting up top!

Pricing for kids is a bit steep. My daughter is 16, so still a child, but anyone over 12 is adult fare which doubles the price of the ticket. So you're aware before booking.
The City of Brotherly Love is so rich with history that a "hop on hop off" guided tour is a great way to see it all. However, we chose our seats ~ top deck front row ~ and simply enjoyed the beauty of this city as we listened to Tim, our guide, share not only his sense of humor, but his knowledge of the high points along the way. The driver on the other hand must have been "late for a date" or missed the training description of a bus tour. Poor Tim had to 1) talk very fast to get the description of the places of interest (which they lay out on the map you're given) or 2) tell the driver to stop so we could at least catch a glimpse! Whoa Nellie ~ it's not a race through Philly unless we're holding the reins! Hence "4" stars not "5".

Not many queues to get off unless you followed along with the map or saw the bus stop # signs ~ it wasn't a problem for us because we had already decided to stay on the bus the entire 90 min, then go back to the places we wanted to explore. 

It is well worth the money; and the best way to see much more of the city than you would otherwise.
Horrendous!!!! Do NOT use this company!! We were lied to and told we could be picked up at our hotel and no one ever showed up. They also said that we could be dropped off at our hotel after the tour as it is on their way, then after the tour they refused to bring us back and let me and my children walk a mile in a bad area at 10pm at night. Then, they refused to reimburse us for the 3 day tour we purchased. We spent one of our only days in Philly constantly calling and arguing with the manager. What a nightmare- don't use them!!! They deserve zero stars!
DONT DO IT!!! It's so tempting. A double decker red bus and you can ride at the bottom if it's hot. DONT DO IT!!! I was with the group that waited over an hour at the wrong stop. We called numerous times NUMEROUS times before finally after more than an hour someone came and picked us up. The kicker was we were at location 21 and we could not start the tour at that place. We had to go all the way to location 1 to get a arm band. There we tried with frustration to explain to the guy that we really should get some partial refund as there just 3 more times for the bus to leave 430 (if you wanted to see the liberty bell), 5, 530. The cashier came unglued. When this company says no refund, they mean it. So we take off and we get a bus with no heat. We get to the top. I have a cap. My friend doesn't. She's beyond miserable and there are tree limbs everywhere. Now the guides we had were knowledgeable but helpful but the next day we again started off from 21 and had to WALK to location 5 to get an armband before we could get on the bus for our second day to ride. Again, no air. We were better prepared and planned. We jumped out at some location and literally walked all the way back as it was cooler than the bus. We paid $55 for 2 days. We also have done these sorts of tours in numerous cities and never faced this kind of craziness. I wish I was making this up but I really am not.
I'm writing this while sitting on the curb waiting on this bus (for 45 minutes). This is the 3rd time this has happened. 2 of the big Brown buses have passed and still we wait. The tour guide is annoying and negative and the buses are unreliable. If you take this bus DO NOT GET OFF!  
We purchased 2 day tickets (for a total of $60) and regret it so much. The first day it was 40 degrees and windy but the double decker bus has no cover or heating at the top so we just froze uncomfortably. Find another tour or just take public transportation.
Disappointed in this tour company.  They initially told us 20 minute bus cycle.  Once we paid, they changed it to a 30 minute cycle.  That becomes a time waster and frustrating when you have a limited time in the city.  Note, as we waited at one of the stops for our bus, THREE of the Big Bus tour buses went by.  Kicking myself about now!!

And, the driver on one of the buses we were on was simply rude.  We we going to sit in the bottom of the bus and he just yelled "go up" at us.  No attempt at trying to be polite at all!  They said it's because they only had one attendant.  Not my problem that they went cheap.  

Never again with this company on a return to Phil!!!
30 minutes between pick-ups/stops.  Expensive compared to other buses that even have shorter wait times between pick-ups.  However, if you take the whole tour the entire way through, then go back and get off at certain stops, the experience can be nice.  It can actually be fun if you get Warren as your guide!
Took the hop on/off double decker bus tour.  Buses were clean and the drivers/guides were nice.  Hopping off at any of the stops along the tour was no problem.  Hopping on is where you lose.  Busses are supposed to come by every twenty minutes, but we consistently waited 30-40 minutes at multiple stops.  In one case, the stop was shared with other bus lines and we saw *two* of each competitor's buses stop while waiting for one of our bus to come for us.  Recommend taking one of the other bus tours (the prices are all the same) unless you don't mind spending most of your day waiting.
I have taken this tour a couple times now on this bus and each time I got a little something different out of the experience. The tour really depends on the guide and all of the little gems of information that they give you along the way
...for instance talking about the cobblestones in Philly - first tour gave the history, second did not - or about the funny laws in Philly like disassembling your car if a horse is afraid to pass - first tour didn't tell me this, second one did. 

All in all I think that no matter what bus you take around Philly your going to get some pretty sweet information along the way from your guide. And if you need suggestions on places they are always very happy to help you out.

Also they do stop at a ton of locations so you can hop off and see the sites there and then hop back on and your pass is good all day - great way to see the city! 

And they do accept gratuities so take a little cash :)
This is for their shuttle service. We had a scheduled pick up and they were 20 minutes late when we strategically planned with the scheduler that we needed to be at the airport at a certain time for a flight to catch. 5 minutes pass scheduled time, i called the number to PHL and their office was closed. I tried extension 1 for their shuttle service info, no one answered. I asked the bell man if he knew how to contact the tour and they informed me that they weren't connected companies and he had no information but the previous day, they left a customer stranded for an hour. The hotel luckily reimburses your $30, but it's a total inconvenience. Our driver ended up coming for a later shuttle pick up and said he didn't have our reservation.  Ridiculous.
Take a walk down the streets of Philadelphia and you will inevitably be met with the sales pitch of a sightseeing tour company. Big Bus (BB) and Philadelphia Sightseeing tours (PST) stand side by side. BB is the bigger (read more touristy) company. Hard to choose. PST saves you $2 bucks, not enough to be a no brainer.  My fiance has a secret love for street hustlers and PST had the most interesting and convincing pitchmen. Jay sold the deal. We purchased the hop on/hop off two day pass. Was glad we went with PST because their buses weren't as packed. The upstairs had plenty of room left to feel the needed cool breeze. No sweaty stranger cramped in beside you. Early August temperatures of 94 in the sun. No thanks! Send me to the bus with the most space on top! Fell in love with Philadelphia in 3 days. Such a cool city rich with history and diversity. Some of the tour guides were new and stumbling along unimpressively with bad, womp womp jokes. Some were just OK. However, if you are looking for true entertainment, please go find Earnest. Ask for him and do the whole hour-ish tour with him. He is unassumingly hysterical and animated. Had the best base knowledge of the 5 guides we had over two days.  Watch out for those trees!!
Were really glad that we got on the bus with Danielle & Bill, not only because Danielle was fun but because this bus didn't have an open upstairs so it was fairly warm.This 2 day hop-on hop -off tour was definitely worth it.When you do the tour you should at least just ride & listen to all the facts & history first before you start hopping off/on.I would go on the one Danielle is on because she definitely made all the facts interesting & not so boring.Yes her jokes were silly but that's what made you pay attention & not be completely bored for 1 1/2 hrs. While you're listening to all the facts you can mark on the map they give you all the places you definitely want to go to first.I liked this tour because it was very fun & entertaining & I think the way Danielle presented the facts made it interesting.The tour is definitely worth the money but remember ; listen to the facts first & ask for Danielle. It's a lot better to know the story (history or facts) of what you're taking pictures of before rather than after.
The bus company instructs its drivers to shut down the air conditioning on the lower, closed level. Even on an 85 degree afternoon, it was horribly hot and uncomfortable. My spouse cannot sit in the sun for extended periods, so going topside wasn't an option. We didn't find out about the policy until after we bought the tickets and walked into an oven. 

Don't use this tour service!
We've been on city bus tours in many cities, and this was one of the very best. We liked it because our tour guide, Alexa, had such a pleasant voice to listen to and she had so much enthusiasm that you wouldn't know she has to repeat herself many times a day. The driver, Nick, was friendly and I saw him on more than one occasion lend a hand to help people in and out of the bus. We sat in top until it was too hot, and then we moved to the air-conditioned lower area. (One bus has no A/C, so check that if you are sensitive to heat). Later, we picked up the non-AC bus with Curtis (Curtus) and he was also funny and upbeat. It was worth it for us to pay $2 extra each person to have access to the bus a second day. Highly recommended way to see the highlights of the city.
The first I ever taken a tour bus. I was born and raised in Philly, we learned so much on that tour and had the funniest tour guide and best bus driver.
A Great Way to See the City
Using this service is a great way to see the city! There are 27 stops and the loop takes 90 minutes if you don't hop off. Before we hopped on, we visited the liberty bell and got our free 4:30pm tickets for Independence Hall. That gave us from 10:30-4:00 to use the bus service. The best thing about the bus is you are exposed to areas you wouldn't think about visiting (Elfreth's Alley, Antique Row, Etc.). I highly recommend hopping off at Eastern State Penitentiary. You can see Al Capone's cell as well as learn a lot about our incarceration system. There is a $12 entrance fee, but with your hop on/off wrist band you get a $2 discount.
HORRIBLE!!!! We waited at a stop for OVER one hour and when I called to find out why and when the bus was coming the person on the phone was extremely rude. Use the Big Bus Tour company. Five of those buses went by while we were waiting. NEVER USE THIS COMPANY.
This was our first trip to Philadelphia, we didn't know where to go or what to do.... so we hopped the first tour bus we saw!! Thank goodness we did!!! We had Warren, the tour guide, he was great! Also we now have a better idea of what to do for our next trip! We were limited in time and this worked out great.
This tour was awesome!! We had family visiting from OH from easter weekend and we decided this might be a good way to squeeze in as many sights as possible.  Our group was 9 ppl from age 2 to 61.  We stayed on for the full 1 hr 40 min  tour around the entire city. Kennedy was our guide and she answered all our questions and had a great sense of humor.  Her vast knowledge of all things "Philly"  was informative yet fun.  We were worried about the little ones up top, but our driver Anthony made it a smooth ride.  After the tour we asked one of the girls at the booth to reccommend a good lunch spot and she sent us to a place that seemed perfectly tailored to our group.  After lunch we got back on and went to tour of Eastern State Penitentiary.  The hop-on hop-off service was perfect and after the audio tour we caught the last bus back to where we started.  I would reccommend this tour to people of all ages.  As for a few negative reviews about some of the guides, let's face it -not all personalities "click".  If you don't like your guide hop off and wait for the next one.  Enjoy!!
I have been on double decker bus tours in the UK several times. Maybe I was hoping for better, or judging this based on past bus tours. I have a few issues with this tour operator.

First, we joined the tour near the Reading Terminal Market. We waited about 30 minutes for the bus that comes every 20 minutes. When the bus came, one of the few double deckers apparently, there was no room to sit up top. In fact, there were only two seats near the driver. So we sat down in poor air conditioning and listened to all the sights we were missing because we had no window. We drove almost half the route before we could switch seats and go upstairs. 

The driver, Schultzy was his name? Has constant road rage.. like rage in the cage. Anyone who slights him gets the horn and he gets pissed off. Maybe he was having a bad day, I don't know, but why guys with short fuses want to drive a bus in heavy traffic all day, I dunno.

Then there was our tour guide -- Eric. Between screaming into the microphone and making lame jokes, there were a few sights he pointed out that was pretty interesting. Then he started to make jokes about the toilet paper they used to use during the revolutionary war. At this point he decided to jump up and grab leaves off a low hanging tree. You would think that after hitting the passengers in the head with the branches he was pulling back and then snapping in their faces someone would punch his lights out, but no. I am thinking the bus must have been full of dumb Canadians who typically apologize to the person who wrongs them. 

This went on and on and eventually he got other passengers into thinking it was a good idea. Soon everyone was reaching up for tree leaves and snapping their neighbours in the faces with tree branches. 

Eric then told us all about the time he was nearly shot outside a Philly's game for wearing a NYY jersey. He and his brother who has been in jail upset a Philly's fan and decided rather than be shot, they would just evade him for the rest of the night and tell all the tourists at his day job about it again and again.

As the tour neared its conclusion Eric decided to let us all in on a big secret and informed us about the genocide of the indians by the US government 200 years ago. He then went on and on and on about it until the last stop.

After getting off the bus he had the class to take out his hat and hope for tips for the great service and interesting tour he provided.
My husband and I were standing at one of their stops for 1.5 hours waiting for a bus when there was supposed to be a bus every 30 mins.  We made several calls to the number provided to us and finally they sent a van to pick us up.  The driver noticed that the sign was an old sign by their company and told us that it is no longer an active stop.  Apparently they had changed their route a year ago and he wasn't sure why the old sign was still there.  That was why no bus came.  When we told management about our experience the person was very rude.  He simply offered us a bottle of water.  When I didn't see any water and took a bottle of pop he yelled at me and said I could only have water.  When I told him I didn't see any water available he said I had attitude and said we couldn't even have the water anymore.  I was appalled!!  This was the worst customer service I had ever received from any company.  I would definitely not recommend this tour to anyone.  Not only was the customer service horrible, half their buses don't have A/C.
Very upset.  Go for the competitor "the big bus". They have so many more busses and truly hop on and off often.   This darned company makes you wait 40 min between all buses.  Absurd and wastes your day.   I should learn to just book when I get to city and I made the mistake of booking this in advance.  Don't do it!
Curtis was a great and entertaining tour guide. I was not looking forward but really enjoyed it, as did our reluctant 12 year old.
The worst. They said the busses were air conditioned. In 107* heat index they were not 
They made untruthful excuses. I bought two two day tickets. No refunds. They also gave me wrong info on telephone of a pickup spot. So u called back after 20 minutes in the hot sun and they apologized. If I could give less than one star I would. Plus the tour guide on the last bus I was on made a reference to "big ass pizza" which was offensive.
Hop on hop off was a hell of a bargain. The price for the 2 day pass is a steal. We were lucky to have great tour guides thru the whole experience. But one guide stood out the most with his energy guest involvement and knowledge of the history of Philadelphia. That was "warren". I forgot his last name but his energy in the bus was unmatched. 

Me and my family travel a bit and we always depend on a hop on hop off bus experience and the one in Philadelphia was a great experience that we highly recommend.
The tour was great. Bruce was an awesome tour guide. It was an easy way to get around the city without looking for parking. The tour allowed us to hit all the must see sights. The only complaint is the number of low hanging trees that you have to duck for when riding on the top of the bus. It turns into a game, but if you are older it might be difficult for you to duck.
Talk about an awesome experience! My company rented a double decker bus for a customer outing and had a great time. It was a 90 minute tour with a dedicated driver, Aaron, and tour guide Brendan. Brendan was AMAZING! Very knowledgeable, personable and funny. He kept his commentary running the entire tour, from facts to anecdotes and spot on observations. I highly recommend any tour he's on. And I have to hand it to Aaron, I get nervous driving my car in the city but Aaron handles the bus like it's no big deal. The entire process from my first call with Yahnis to our tour end was first class. I highly recommend this company. Most of the attendees were local, but all came away saying how much fun and how they learned so much.  I'd do this again.
This is for their shuttle service. We had a scheduled pick up and they were 20 minutes late when we strategically planned with the scheduler that we needed to be at the airport at a certain time for a flight to catch. 5 minutes pass scheduled time, i called the number to PHL and their office was closed. I tried extension 1 for their shuttle service info, no one answered. I asked the bell man if he knew how to contact the tour and they informed me that they weren't connected companies and he had no information but the previous day, they left a customer stranded for an hour. The hotel luckily reimburses your $30, but it's a total inconvenience. Our driver ended up coming for a later shuttle pick up and said he didn't have our reservation.  Ridiculous.
Awesome tour guides! Very informative and funny. Jerry was our driver and for the life of me I cannot remember the tour guides name but he was so animated, funny, and kept the tour interesting. Older African American gentleman who is prior service Army. We will definitely be using this tour service again next time we're in Philly. My only complaint was that I wish they had a cover on their double decker buses as some of the other tour buses had. That 30° weather and wind at the top will make it feel more like 15°. Again minor complaint as long as you bundle up or stay on the first level.
This service was great. The tour guides know their stuff. Each one had different history information it was great to learn about. Yes you do have to worry about low lying tree branches. But what do you expect when you are on the top deck of the bus? The guides were passionate about the history of the city it made it a more personal experience. The price was great. Trust me you don't want to be driving around Philly. Them people are crazy! This is a hop on, hop off bus. You can get off someplace and then go exploring and then hop back on twenty minutes between wait times. They also share transportation with the big bus company. Bring some cash and tip the guide and driver. I recommend this for anyone. Worth every penny!
Best way to get around the city and explore all of the city's top sites. The tour guides were so funny and informative and we loved being able to hop on and off whenever we wanted to grab a bite or check out the historic stops. This is our new favorite way to see a new city or even just explore the one you live in!
I got a Groupon that included multiple attractions called the Sightseeing pass.   This is combined with the bus tour.   I will be honest the Sightseeing pass was a good value and I would do it again.   The bus I am on the fence about.    So, this is not a true hop on/off bus.   Those busses will rotate on a circle and not have the end.   On this tour when you get to a certain stop they offload you and make you wait until another bus picks you up 30/45 minutes later.  Mind you, the bus you were on just randomly is sitting there.    They are also not organized.   Their system was down and there was panic initially to figure out how to take my voucher (through Groupon).   There is also a lot of staff standing around at the main stops.    On a good note, the bus was in good repair and had a great drivers.   It was cleanish.... And our guide was very good.   I never did a bus tour and it helped to get an idea on where places are.   We also got some decent pictures.   

Just a tip, be careful... Philly has a ton of trees and the branches will come through the bus on top.
