After a decade of membership, it's time I actually reviewed the zoo. Membership began when I was pregnant with my now 10 year old and used to come to the zoo to "speed" walk lol. Year after year I keep bringing my son here. We love its annual Boo at the Zoo Halloween festival! From camping out to early member mornings and even free parking, membership is a wonderful investment. The cost of membership pays for itself after 2 visits I'd say (one if you get the single and guest). The zoo is always expanding and making the exhibits more interesting. Although the elephants were my son's favorite animals, I came to love the zoo more when they sent them to a large elephant sanctuary. The added parking helps but we never had a problem with parking to be honest. Overall I hope our love for the zoo continues. For now I'm filling out my membership renewal. Hello year 11....
This review is only for the winter event, Luminature.
F and I decided this would be a great new way to ring in the Holidays. The first Luminature at the Philadelphia Zoo. It is a bit pricey but we thoroughly enjoyed the experience. We planned to arrive at 5pm because, after all it is a light show. So, being dark is essential. When we purchased tickets online we were given a choice of times.
When we arrived there wasn't too much of a crowd, which was great.
We were able to take our time and and really enjoy everything to see.
There are also short light and sound shows within the park.
This was a wonderful addition to our Christmas walkabout. And I would definitely recommend it.
Reading back my last review of the Philadelphia Zoo, I have to admit it comes across a bit harsh (and also a little heavy on the 'you kids get off my lawn' vibes), because I truly do love America's first zoo! 

I've returned for several more visits since that time, and am impressed by the updates. At the same time, there's still the same feel and vibe as always, which I appreciate. The nostalgia factor always hits me hard as I recognize things that I remember from childhood. 

Since my visit in 2012, the big cats have gotten a major upgrade, with giant walkways suspended over parts of the park. I was mesmerized by a tiger that slinked back and forth on a particularly warm day back in February. On that unseasonably warm day, the park was nearly empty and I had plenty of time to enjoy the animals up close. 

Recently, I attended the LumiNature media night. LumiNature transforms a large part of the park into a wintery light show. Genius idea for the colder months and a really cute date night idea. 

Looking forward to those randomly warm early spring days when I can pounce on my next impromptu trip!
This zoo is a bad combination of expensive and lacking in animals. I've never paid $18 to enter a zoo before. I've also never been to a zoo before lacking elephants. To add insult to injury, it seems like they have decided to replace a bunch of the animals with Lego sculpture simulacra. While Legos are neat, I want animals! The place seems to have less animals than a circus, if you don't count the various buildings containing small rodents. The whole thing can be seen in about two hours.

If you want to see a real zoo, take your $18, hop on a bus to Washington DC, and see the National Zoo which is free and has a far superior collection.
It's been almost two years since my last visit to the Philadelphia Zoo, but not much has changed. There was a lot of construction going on, but we later found out it was for a large, interactive children's area. I get that children and parents are probably the main demographic of the zoo, but since when are animals not enough of an attraction? When I was a kid, only the treehouse existed, and we never paid the extra cash to go in anyway. Of course, there is still the children's petting zoo area, which is and always will be awesome. Maybe that will become larger as part of the new children's exhibit? 

We were there on a hot day so a lot of the animals were kind of lazing around or not outside, which is totally fine. If I were covered in fur and in 90 degree heat, I'd probably lay on a rock all day, too. But a lot of the exhibits seemed to have only one or two animals, particularly with the larger animals. Wasn't there a big cats house back in the day? Where did that go? Now there's First Niagra Big Cat Falls, which is pretty cool, though not all the cats are visible from the viewing areas. We did get to see a pretty lively tiger, who jumped when a bird suddenly took flight, causing everyone by the glass nearby to also jump. Pretty funny. 

The PECO Primate Reserve is by far one of the best attractions. I could stare at that 500 pound gorilla all day. One of the zoo workers told us that he likes to hold something at all times, and it was so cute seeing him move around the cage only to immediately grab hold of something. 

We almost skipped the McNeil Avian Center, and I'm so glad we didn't. That was one area that seemed totally different from the bird house I remembered. This new center is split into sections featuring different birds, and there's not much separating the birds from the people, which is really cool. There are some amazingly beautiful creatures in that center. And also a mouse infestation, though a zoo worker told us that they don't harm the birds by being there so little is being done about it. And since it's a zoo that makes perfect sense to me.

Parts of the park are really old and haven't changed much since my elementary years. Particularly the Reptile and Amphibian house. Pretty sure the glass on the cages hasn't been cleaned since my elementary years, either. 

In all fairness, I'll probably return for another vist in another two years. The park is well-maintained and the animals are awesome, I just wish there were more of them as opposed to all of the kids stuff.
I am not a fan of caged animals. However, I had to go to the zoo for a charity event a few months ago. I hadn't been there in over 20 years or so and was dreading it.

My visit started with parking in a lot about a 1/4 mile away for $12. This was the closest parking, with the promise of a shuttle to the zoo entrance. No thanks, I'll walk from here.

I then stood in line for 15 minutes to pay $12 for the privilege of "parking" as well as the admission fee.  Wow when did viewing caged animals become SO expensive? 

After an hours of viewing animals in well kept nice exhibits, I  found what appeared to be the largest restaurant in the park. There was easily ten minute, probably fifteen minute, lines and there were many families who found eating spots on the ground due to the lack of sufficient tables.

Overall, it was horribly under equipped to handle half the number of visitors. The lion exhibits that were supposed to be the highlight were closed during the short time that I was there. 

I wouldn't have set foot in the zoo again if it wasn't for charity.
Do you live in Philly or around the Philly suburbs?
Do you have a car?
Do you have any little ones? 
If you answer yes to the above questions, then it is the BEST for you to become a member of the Zoo. For example, for a family of 3, normally you will pay $23/ppl, $19/2+, and $16 for parking. For one trip to the Zoo cost at least $81. Family membership start at $135 and you will get 10% discount on food and stores. Pretty much you will gets your money's worth in just 2 visits. That's AWESOME! 

Tiger lot is the closest parking to the main entrance of the Zoo. Frog lot is the closest to the south entrance of the Zoo. Stroller rentals are available at both of the entrances. 

We have to park in the Frog lot due to no parking space left in the Tiger lot. When we walk in, we saw the Cheetahs first. Unfortunately both were taking a nap so we move on. Baby saw the Swan boat, so we purchased 3 tickets to Swan boat and PZ express train. She loves it, gave mommy and daddy HELL when we got off of it lol. Then we saw the tigers, gorillas, peco primate reserve,polar bears, black bears, flamingos, etc..... Our princess woos and aahs on every moving animals she see. Her reactions is priceless and I'm glad I became a member of the Zoo.
This is a terrific zoo! It even gives my beloved Bronx Zoo a run for the money!

It is super clean, a large assortment of animals that look reasonably healthy. There is an amazing big cat section with tigers, lions and leopards. They also have horse rides for the kids, face painting and a swan ride where you pedal around a lake.

There are plenty of bathrooms and they are very clean.  They have the typical, expensive, low quality food that you would expect for a zoo. They also have a ton of overpriced souvenir shops.

Overall, it is a great zoo and I would highly recommend it!
Love the zoo, went here as a chaperone for the first time with my daughter's school. The kids enjoyed the activities, the petting zoo, and the playground. The kids also enjoyed walking around and taking in all the sites. 

The staff was professional and helpful when we had questions. There were many spots to eat ice cream, and pretzels and they also had a few gift shops throughout the zoo. 

I would be returning since my daughter had so much fun.
The Philadelphia Zoo is getting 2 stars from me because it discriminates against the handicapped and the elderly. My husband and I were here on May 22, 2014.

First, as an adult, you are charged $20 for admission to the Zoo,  (and if your are of a certain age you get a reduction) but if you need one of the TEN motorised scooters that they have you get to pay an additional $30 for that and a refundable $10 deposit. If you get stuck with a poorly up kept wheelchair, that will cost you an additional $8.

The Philadelphia Zoo has in all probability got the approximate number of handicapped/elderly who visit their facility every day. Are TEN scooters a realistic number for the amount of people that need them? Is $30 for a scooter that probably gets rented twice each day, for a total of  $18,000 per month not enough to buy more of them and to upkeep them?

I ended up with a rickety wheelchair that my able bodied husband had problems with because the front wheels needed new casters so that they could rotate. 

But let's start from the beginning. Had we not seen a car coming out of a parking lot that was marked as full, we would not have been able to park. There are no direct entrances from the parking lots to the zoo. You need to do a lot of walking to get there. Then you need to go thru trying to get some form of handicapped assistance if you didn't bring your own. Some of us only need them when we go to large places like this, so we don't own them. If you are handicapped and you aren't strong enough to handle a wheelchair yourself, DO NOT COME HERE!

Not one of the exhibit buildings has a handicapped door opener and the doors are big and they are heavy. It also seems that the Philadelphia Zoo doesn't care that the areas immediately in front of doors that enter and exit these buildings are not in good repair. I was almost thrown from my wheelchair a few times. Not all of the walkway areas are easy to get around on due to cracks in the walkway surface.  Do not expect assistance from Zoo personnel. You will be lucky to,find any that are willing to help you,or even both re to smile. Some of the nicer people that are there for the day are more likely to help you.

Let's discuss outdoor exhibit areas, such as the Big Cat areas. There were a number of school classes at the Zoo, as is to be expected. Unfortunately, the teachers and parents that chaperone the kids don't tend to do a very good job. I was jostled constantly by kids that must have thought that a person in a wheelchair isn't a person. But worse is the treatment that the animals are getting. I chastised multiple groups of children to not scream at the animals. Why are Zoo personnel not around to deal with this? It's not good for the animals and it is horrible for other visitors. In the areas with clear walls, the kids get them filthy, and it seems that Zoo personnel have no responsibility to do anything about that filth. Using a camera thru filth doesn't make for good photos.

The overhead walkways that the big cats were using were interesting. To me it resembled a caged jail walkway, but it does give the animals some leeway to venture around. We had the pleasure of watching a male tiger annoy the females to the point that one began pacing the area trying to find him, he was smart enough to stay out of eyeshot. I'm certain that it doesn't happen often, but what happens if one of those big cats decides to either urinate or mark inside of the overhead areas? I certainly wouldn't want to be underneath.

My husband and I were there for about 4.5 hours. I managed to shoot about 300+ viable photos. My husband shot about 200+. He was so tired from having to deal with the wheelchair that I had to drive the 50 mile trip home. 

So, if you are able bodied, with or without children you can pay the extortionate prices that they charge for visiting the park, which does not include the parking fee.

The face painters do lovely work. The small sculptures that are all around the zoo are lovely and unexpected at times. The animals put on a terrific display just by being themselves. 

This is not a terrible zoo for the animals, as the Brandywine Zoo is. But it is not the Bronx Zoo either: though they charge you prices that are extortionate, have no day of the week that you can choose your own amount to pay for entry, and are getting away with Americans with Disabilities Act violations that they must have paid someone to overlook.
Once again, America's first zoo and that was delayed for opening, due to the Civil War.  Dates back to 1874!

1,500 animals on 42 acres.  The fire was an unnecessary travesty.

With the admission price being comparable to much larger zoo's that you can spend most of a day at and this one you can go through in an hour or so, it just ranks a two star in my book.
I would have given the country's first zoo five stars, if not for the hoard of baby strollers present on this stunning spring day.  The zoo should have a maximum stroller count for entrance into the zoo, to keep the traffic down to just a feverish din.  Of course, my wife and I brought our daughter, so we were certainly part of the problem.  But, I guess, a crowded zoo is a vibrant, happy zoo....so why carp?   'Cuz I'm a curmudgeon, that's why.

Apart from the Evenflow and Graco frenzy, the zoo was as impressive as ever.  Most of the animals were enjoying the great weather (save for the Giant Rats, which don't come out until dark....damn them!) and the variety our zoo has is terrific.  Baby lemurs hanging to their father's backs are worth the price of admission right there.  But there's so much more.  We even went on the swan paddle boats, which was great exercise until my wife got noivous and wanted out.  Truth be told, I was rocking the boat back and forth like some dope from junior high.  Can't take me anywhere.   

If you haven't been to the zoo lately, make a date.  Weekday afternoons are probably the least crowded, with school buses driving away and the downtrodden still at their day jobs. Lemurs, elephant shrews, flamingos and cool new exhibits like Big Cat Falls and Squirrel Alley are just a few of the hundreds of reasons to see our animal friends.  Better yet, get a yearly membership and enjoy the rides and parking for free.  Worth it!

ps---Squirrel Alley is not a real exhibit.
Been here at least 20 times in the last 4 years and our grandchildren still want to return.  With the last of Covid still hanging around there are still some restrictions but over all, most exhibits are open.   Masks are required indoors but didn't hamper the kids from running from one display to the next. 

Be sure to look into memberships if you plan to visit (even) more than once a year.  The cost will most likely pay for itself. It includes the parking price which I think is high but whatcha gonna do ...

We always pack a lunch with drinks because of the somewhat high prices. There are plenty of tables throughout the grounds for you to take a break and eat.  

At the present time there's an outdoor exhibit of dinosaurs which is really worth the small extra fee that even members have to pay.
Let me start by saying, "I won't be going back."  My fiance and I recently took his 4-year old nephew here for his first trip to the zoo. It was an expensive day, what with parking, entrance fees, and a wide array of child-enticing distractions like face-painting, ice-cream, swan boat rides, pony rides, train rides, and- of course- the obligatory gift shop conveniently blocking the exit. Pawns of a four-year old, we fell victim to each, one-by-one. 

The nephew enjoyed the fake tractor, statues of animals, and bunnies in the Zoo's kiddie petting zoo more than any of the wild animals on display.  And to be honest, the wild animals on display made me sad. I grew up on a farm.  I eat meat, and  I'm no animal rights activist. But the animals I saw at the Philly Zoo were in too small of enclosures, and cleanliness and natural habitat were lacking. Cages reeked of urine (the primates were especially bad), and some of the enclosures consisted of nothing more than bare ground.  In the ostrich pen, the birds were so distressed they paced the perimeter, chewing at the fence.  You could see they had pulled out their own feathers.  Their wings were nothing more than bald, brutalized stubs. The meerkats were the saddest creatures of all, sitting on the few rocks in their tiny enclosure. There were children screaming and leaning over the wall into their pen flailing their arms in what mt have been an annoying if not menacing manner (don't get me started on the lack of parental control I saw exercised this day). The meerkats didn't have anywhere to go to avoid the unwanted attention, and I found the whole scene so disturbing that I had to leave the exhibit. I will never be back, nor would I recommend anyone visit this zoo.
I guess there are places that even I forget to review. I mean even though it's America's first zoo it can be easily overlooked when your going about usual life in Philly. But I always have a fun time visiting the animals and I'm long overdue for a visit.

My favorite spot is definitely the Nocturnal animal center (and not just because I kind of feel a nightly connection with them). It really does bring you pretty close to their element (at least as close as you would want to be in most situations). I also love visiting the big cats, although I have yet to check out the new space that they were recently housed in.

When I was going through some old black and white photos that I took recently I came across a couple photos of Puzzles the giraffe and it made me kind of sad. R.I.P.
I've been to the Philadelphia Zoo a few times and always enjoy it! The space is HUGE and there is lot to look at. I was a little disappointment during my most recent visit though because there were quite a few empty exhibits. :(

They've done an impressive job when it comes to food with stops for sandwiches, pizza, cookies, pretzels, popcorn, water-ice, and ice cream. Everything is very reasonably priced which is such a refreshing change from the prices you'll pay at venues/events/games. I was also pleasantly pleased to see that as of late last year, they have added a beer garden! They have bar food and quite a big selection of beverages which, again, are all reasonably priced. What a fantastic way of giving adults something to do while they take their little ones around. You can walk around with your drink!

I'm only knocking off a star because they do a poor job of navigating their visitors though the zoo. It seems like they do not have enough staff (or at least they did not on my most recent visit) and there is a huge lack of signs to tell you what is where. I felt like I was just wandering around from place to place hoping I was seeing everything there is to see. I can only hope that I didn't miss anything.

Will I return again? Sure thing. It's one of those places that you really can't get enough of. I hope my next time around I will be able to update my review to 5 stars!
I was beyond thrilled when our family got a gift of a Zoo membership for Christmas this year! The free parking that is included makes it worth the trip!

If you are lucky enough to go on a Monday in January an hour and a half before closing- you will find next to no one there. If you must go on a weekend, expect to be annoyed by screaming children amped up on sugar, and loud obnoxious locals who find it necessary to read every fucking description of every animal in their nasally droning Philly accents. 

I was impressed by the new Cats area- it was much nicer to see them in their "natural" habitat outside compared to the horrible piss stained tile indoor homes that they had before. 

The Polar Bears are always the best, but the Pygmy Marmoset Monkeys run a close second. 

Overall, a great place for kids and grownups alike.
It's not the biggest, the best, or cheapest zoo in the world.

It is America's First Zoo, and this badge of honor earns it a certain amount of charm that can't be taken away.

Caveat:  I worked here for 11 years a long time ago, so above anything else, one thing people should know about this Zoo is how dedicated the staff is to the animals.  You will not find a harder-working staff anywhere - they will literally do anything to help an animal, whether it's a freshly-hatched chick or one of "mega fauna" stars, like a gorilla.

I've loved the fact that so many kids have come here as part of a school trip or on a family vacation, and still remember it 25 years later as being a great experience... 

Parking is a pain, yes, but come early and get a good spot.  Another plus: in general, animals are most active early in the day.  If it's 96 degrees outside, they're going to be in the shade sleeping and not being too active.
The zoo might be my favorite place in Philly. I've been a zoo member year after year for about five years and never plan to stop. If you go to the zoo more than once a year or would like to, there's no reason not to be a zoo member. Free parking, free guest and unlimited visits in one year....what is better than that. I basically have to fight people off with a stick when they learn about my zoo member status...they're all the craze.

Things I love about the zoo:
1. It's the perfect size. They have plenty of animals without making it impossible to see them all in a day. Wonderful. 
2. Everytime I go, it feels like magic. I'm not joking. Every visit feels like it's the best zoo day ever. I've seen Jaguars eating hunks of meat, tigers leaping into the air after a bird resting on a tree, hippos swimming and shaking their ears, polar bears actually swimming and playing with their toys,a family orangutans playing hide and go seek, gorillas sprinting and banging on their enclosures, baby giraffes trying to eat from the ground...etc. Basically I've seen a lot and it's wonderful
3. It's pretty clean. The people at the zoo keep this place pretty clean for a spot covered with kids and tons of people. I'm always impressed. 
4. The animals. I love animals. Nuff said

If you haven't been in a while, go. It's great. Not to mention it's the oldest zoo in the country which just feels cool. Some insider tips: Go towards the end of the day, it's less crowded and the animals always seem more rowdy. Don't go in the middle of summer. It's crowded and it's hot. The best times to go in my opinion are in the spring and fall. And lastly, don't ever skip the small and rare animal house. You may not have heard much about the animals in there, but they're incredibly cool. Pigmy Marmosets might be the cutest things ever.
I really like this zoo because it has such a large exhibit of animals.  The kids are sure to love the different types of birds, elephants, monkeys, tigers, and etc.  I watched a live tiger feeding in the afternoon and the zoo allows you to get up close pictures of the animals while they eat.  I came to the zoo on Easter Sunday and they always have a Easter Egg Hunt.  They also gave out free candy for the children.  It was a very fun experience and I have a lot of great memories here.  

The only downside is the food here is not so great.  It is your basic fare of hot dogs, french fries, and sugar-filled soda.  I would suggest families pack healthy food to bring to the zoo and have a nice picnic.
Can we get a children free day at the zoo? Maybe like 2-6 times a year? Is that too much to ask for? How about a baby free day?

Dude, I think children are great, but I'd love nothing more than to see the zebras and shit with out the cries of babies in the background. I like turtles.
Disclaimer: I worked for the zoo for six months. I was part of the "guest relations" team, so my experience was neither awful nor life changing. I'm completely ambivalent.

I've been to a fair amount of zoos (Kansas City, Bronx, Hershey... um, a petting zoo in Strausstown, PA). Some would say this is an average amount of zoos, but the Philly Zoo is easily my favorite.

It's really improved over the past five or so years. I mean, a lot. The staff they hire has improved (myself being a prime example), the upkeep has improved and the exhibits have definitely improved.

Everyone has their favorites, but let's face it - the gorillas are the coolest. No argument. I had a "moment" with one of the gorillas that was straight out of a movie: I put my hand up to the glass and the gorilla put his hand up to mine from the other side. I morphed into Jane Goodall that day.

I'd recommend going in the winter or early spring. Yeah, you don't get to see the elephants sometimes, but they're boring anyway (and they're getting moved to another zoo). Plus you avoid the massive amount of screaming children and tourists that show up in the summer. There are enough indoor exhibits to keep you warm in the winter. The Philly Zoo is smaller compared to others; Americans love walking less, right? Well, it's at least a benefit when it's cold. (In Kansas City they had a mini bus that took people from one side of the zoo to the other. It was insane.)
I visited the Philadelphia Zoo several times during the summer of 2011. I enjoyed as usual, my enchanted experience at the Zoo as I have since I was a wee little one. The animals and the suggestive atmosphere and esthetics created to provide that sense of animal wild life evolving as I walk the paves to encounter one species after the next. I am more impressed with creation and the creator of such detailed animated beings, so unique each one of its own kind. Appearing to be almost fictional. Astounded at the beauty of life for all living beings and animals that capture the heart and mind of their originator. Needless to say the Philadelphia Zoo is and will continue to naturally be one of my all time favorites. A place where I can go to view a small segment of earth's bountiful creations gathered together in one abode; to observe natural, original, untainted, captivating, exoticism beauty time after time. 

Things I like about the Zoo:

1. The Philadelphia Zoo is an educational experience where you can carry the children to have fun, learn, and be captivated by the creatures there-in.
2. The Zoo is local and close
3. Lots of exercising, walking
4. Variety and new exhibits

Things I did not enjoy:

1. The sun's location in relation to our traveling the area and ricocheting off the black top pavements (IT'S HOT!!!) ***accordingly....I would advise sun hats, visors, plenty of sun screen, and fresh filtered water (iced) to make your visit tolerable if it happens to be one of those scorching days.
2.The prices on food as any theme park or venue is rather high. *** To cut back on spending pack a sandwich or two, and some snacks for the kids. 

*I would advise to also bring your own strollers, & portable fold up chairs to make your visit more comfortable
Believe it or not, this was the perfect place to spend a cold (10-degree) post-snowstorm Sunday last month. I'd never seen such happy snow leopards, polar bears, and penguins in a zoo. The polar bears, especially, were rolling in snow like cats in catnip. Adorable!

Several endangered species can be seen in the Rare Animal Conservation Center. My favorites are the strikingly beautiful red-shanked douc langurs, with their large dark eyes and wild beards. Don't miss the Bolivian Grey Titi Monkeys: during our visit, one couple cuddled their baby while they romantically intertwined their tails, like a braid, as they sat side by side in the trees. 

Rare animal lovers should also visit the McNeil Avian Center, which houses the endangered (and cute!) Micronesian Kingfisher, and the strangely blue-faced, critically endangered Bali mynah. 

Photographers: Check out the First Niagara Big Cat Falls. Curious tigers and leopards come right up to the glass, and you can get super close.
I've been to a lot of Zoo's in NY and This has to be the best zoo I've been to in a while. The zoo has a lot of open exhibits which are absolutely more fun, even the indoor exhibits feature a few animals that you could almost touch. If you REALLY wanna touch an animal there is a little kids petting zoo that has bunny's, cows, and goats I believe. 

This is one of the few zoos that the animals all look like they have enough space and that they look happy. All the animals were roaming around and being active they were not moping or looking depressed. I feel like they have a bigger range of animals than any zoo I've been to recently, I haven't seen a lot of hippos or gorillas. They had more range of monkeys, bears and lions than any zoo I've been to in the past.

I would absolutely recommend this zoo to anybody who's visiting the area. Its an easy to negative zoo with tons of beverage and food centers, and a plethora of animals you probably haven't seen yet.
Most people wouldn't consider going to the zoo in the winter. It's true, there are a lot fewer animals out and most attractions are outside. HOWEVER, you'll practically have the place to yourself. We went yesterday and saw maybe 20 other people the whole time. Polar bears, brown bears, penguins, monkeys--all to ourselves. Don't forget that there are a lot of indoor exhibits too. I've been in the summer before, and it can be a little overwhelming. Having time to actually talk to the guides and staff for a while was a cool experience. If you have a membership, it won't cost you anything either, so definitely consider it on a warmer winter day. Bottom line--don't rule out the zoo in the winter.
Wow! The Philadelphia Zoo is awesome! This is easily the best zoo I've ever been to in my life and I've been to over five zoos in my lifetime. It only costs $20 for an adult ticket which is very affordable, however parking is around $15. I would suggest getting there relatively early so you don't have to park in the frog parking lot which is about .3 miles from the entrance. 

The amount of animals they have is overwhelming in a good way! The way they have the animals is so interactive. I've never had a zoo experience like that. There are peacocks just walking around the park like they are a normal person just attending the zoo. You can actually go by and touch a peacock as it walks unsupervised next to you. 

Furthermore, they have all these metal walkways above you all over the zoo that various animals walk along throughout the day. When I was there I saw a gorilla, a pack of six lions, and a bunch of smaller monkeys. I thought that was one of the coolest things I've ever seen. 

They also have several indoor exhibits which make for a great way to escape the heat! They have the reptile and amphibian house, an endangered species house, the McNeil Avian Center, and the Peco Primate Reserve. 

My top three favorite exhibits were.....

1. The McNeil Avian Center was dope. You are able to enter this room where all these rare birds fly all around you and walk on the ground next to you. It was amazing 

2. PECO Primate Reserve- There's nothing like seeing full sized gorillas to make you feel weak and puny. Especially when these gorillas bang on the glass or come charging towards you. This exhibit was exhilarating when the primates were very active! Definitely a must see!

3. First Niagara Big Cat Falls- Lions, Tigers, and Jaguars! Oh my! This exhibit had them all! I'm pretty biased when it comes to these animals because they are my favorite, but you can't miss this exhibit if you come to visit the zoo! 

If you come to Philly come to the oldest Zoo in America you won't regret it!!
We decided to come to the zoo, it's our fourth day of our spring break  vacation and Philadelphia Zoo was one of the options. We looked at the weather and noticed that there was not going to be any rain, just a little chilly side. We woke up in the morning and the temperature was 36 degrees, it was now or never.  We took I-76 and then I-95 south and arrived in approximately in 20 minutes, luckily it was the weekend  and there wasn't much traffic on the highway. We followed the signed and the arrows pointed to a parking garage with a big sign stating zoo parking. I manage to park on the first floor, forgot to mention the attendant gave us a ticket and stated that the cost will be $16 and we can pay the cost when we get our admission tickets. Before entering they checked our bags and was directed to the ticket booth. I advised the attendant that I had the the city pass and she scanned my phone. The cost without the pass is  $24 for adults and $19 for children (ages 2-11). 

Little known fact: Philadelphia zoo states that they were the first zoo in the United States. The zoo is pretty small compared to other zoos I've visited through out the states. It has a large variety of reptiles, large section of birds, primates (monkeys) , farm animals (goats, chickens), and other mammals.  The zoo offered indoor and outdoor exhibits. We pretty much did most of the indoor exhibits because of the chilly weather. We were able to watch a mother gorilla breastfeeding her baby, what an amazing experience. A lot of the outdoor exhibits were closed, I can agree because of the weather. I wanted to watch a short film that the zoo was offering, but it was closed. I notice parts of zoo was closed due to construction and other areas closed because they lost their sponsorship to NBC and was in search of another sponsor in in order to re-open their exhibit. We didn't did any of the paid activities, because my kids are teens now and were not interested in participating. It tooks us an approximate 4 and half hours to complete  our zoo tour, before exiting I purchased a couple of trinkets to take home. (Souvenirs are very highly priced) my opinion, you can see for yourself. I had a good time and my kids enjoyed their selves and that is what counts. If in Philly area come visit.
Although a few exhibits are closed, it was still fun! We went on Memorial Day so it was a bit crowded but not too bad until later. 
A lot of the big cats were sleeping but most animals were entertaining and cute. Disappointed we only found one open gift shop. Things like face paint and caricatures were still open as well as plenty of little food stops. Masks are enforced when entering buildings and for the big cats.
Historically, the Philadelphia Zoo is the first zoo to have been established in the United States, and the first I've ever seen to in my life. I've taken many field trips here, ever since grade school. I remember seeing everything with a fresh sense of wonder, even before all the expansion that's present today!

Friends and I came here last September. It's a medium-sized venue (larger than I remembered), with lots of square footage, perfect for parties and company events. The Philadelphia Zoo is no San Diego Zoo, but it has it's share of exhibits; it's amazing to see lions, elephants, and gorillas up close. Want some perspective? Check out their huge signature hot air balloon. (Can't beat the Turkey Hill ice cream booths all over the place, either!)

The zoo is good spot to visit (with or without kids) at least once.
This zoo was very attentive to its inhabitants personal space. There is a impressive caged walkway all around the zoo for the monkeys to walk through. I looked at every single exhibit except the children's zoo, and it took me about 5 hrs.

 We also did the swan boat, where we paddled around a swampy lake in the middle of the zoo for 3 circles. The only scenery available will be a little island in the middle of the lake, housing many ducks, plenty of dragonflies (where you will be able to witness them mating because that is all they were doing... EVERY single one I SAW), and little baby fish hidden in the murky waters.

Something that is a MUST TRY is the Air Balloon. Weekday, for $10 per person, you can enter the caged balloon and float all the way up to the top of the zoo, overlooking in 360 degrees.. the Philadelphia zoo and anything else near  by. Really worth a try! It is quite an experience, especially if you are a bit afraid of heights!
My family and I went here today and were extremely satisfied with our experience. I haven't been here in well over 10 years and after today, I'm not sure why I waited so long to come back. The exhibits were all great and seemed very up to date. I don't even know where to start or how-to pick a favorite thing at the zoo. We really enjoyed a bunch of things...brushing and petting the goats, the children's play area was super neat (my kids could have played here for hours) and the indoor learning experiences geared toward children (about recycling and saving energy).

As far as animals go, I can't pick a favorite so I'll just mention a few...the others were a HUGE highlight for us. They were so active and funny. The Gorillas were also active when we were there. They were in the tunnel cages above our heads most of the time. Seeing the baby giraffe was pretty cool.  Those are just a few highlights. 

This zoo was amazing and reasonably priced. They had a kids special going on so for 2 adults, 2 children and parking it was about $87.
The only issue I had was with purchasing the tickets online. I bought them and after an hour of not receiving the email confirmation I called the zoo. They told us we were fine and to just show our ID at the will call window. I guess they have many issues with sending things to hotmail accounts. 

We spent 5 hours there so plan accordingly!
I was so disappointed going here. I've been many times but all my visits were over 20 years ago. Either the zoo didn't change with the times or I changed because it just seemed run down. My tickets were free (donation through a veterans organization) and I really wanted to enjoy the zoo but it needs a serious makeover. 

I'm giving it two and a half stars cause it's always cool to see the animals and a few exhibits were nice.
Let me explain this one star review from the Phillie Zoo.
first of all for $23 i m expecting more from a Zoo, a lot of exhibits were empty, food stops closed. There are hardly any signs explain where the animals come from and what animal you are actually looking at. 
the thing that bugged me most was that in the big cat exhibit is a section that explains to kids( and adults alike) why a lot of big cats , especially the ones that live in forest are endangered. the reason for this is that palm trees are taken down for palm oil and that destroys their habitat. they have a big wall there with products, like KitKat and other items should be avoided because they actually contain this palm oil. i think this is great, good idea to educate people and give them a solution , if they want to get involved. that being said it made me so mad to find exactly the chocolate bars that should be avoided in the vending machines in the Zoo, are you kidding me guys? should not a place like this lead by example? its really hard to take this serious.
the only thing i really liked were the over head walkways for the animals , like moneys and big cats. 
but more then that i won't be back or recommend this Zoo!
I'd give negative stars if I could.  Visited the zoo yesterday (4/18) and was extremely disappointed in an incident I saw in Big Cat Falls.  A family with a small child (maybe 2 or 3 years old) were berated, screamed at and shamed by the cocky, arrogant kid employees in the exhibit.  Their very small child wasn't keeping the mask on.  IT WAS LITERALLY A TODDLER!  These employees got off causing a scene attempting to shame the family (everyone else in their group was older and fully masked).  They even called a manager and had the group chased out!  WHAT THE HELL? Seriously?  Completely disgusted with staff behavior!  I will never be back and don't recommend.  Since when do we humiliate toddlers trying to have a day at the zoo?  Shameful disgrace.
I love this zoo. It does get pretty busy though. I would highly recommend that you go during the week or in the late afternoon as everyone else is leaving. Everyone always thinks that the best time to go is in the morning. Don't go in the morning, everyone arrives in the morning. 

I highly recommend buying the membership. Parking ($16) is free and you pretty much pay for the membership if you go at least twice in a year. I like the idea of the membership because I don't feel like I'm wasting money by just going to the zoo for a couple hours vs the entire day. Most visits we only see about half or less of the animals and get outta there. We see the other half during the next visit. 

PACK YOUR OWN FOOD AND DRINKS!!!

You're allowed to bring food into the zoo. Don't be that person who spends $12 on a meal (I'm guilty of this every single time I visit the zoo). You can save so much money by bringing your own food. Pick up a small carry cooler from target and a couple of ice packs, you're good to go.
Awful experience for the handicap. There was not enough handicap parking. Then had to walk so far and couldn't get a electric scooter until after the purchasing a ticket which they had no discounts for the deaf/blind. None of the exhibits were handicap accessible. No button to push open the doors. They had a lot less animals then they did in the past. I wouldn't recommend or come back. Not worth it especially for the deaf and blind.
I came to this zoo as a kid in the early 80's back when they had the old plastic zoo keys, and when things seemed more wide open here. I came back about 15 years ago. I hadn't been here since. 

But now that I have a child, my wife who had never been here talked me into getting a membership. It will definitely be worth it if we come here 3 times or more. 

Now, I don't think I can expand on the animal exhibits any more than anyone else here did. They're all pretty cool unless one of the animals is sleeping. We had a great view of a hippo's butt that way. But overall, they do a great job showing off the animals here. 

I haven't seen many reviews of the food here. It's Aramark, so you get what you get from them. But I do have some recommendations.

Smokehouse BBQ turned out to be a decent choice. It's not as good as Bull's BBQ is at the ballpark, but it was a good enough choice. I enjoyed my brisket sandwich, the wife enjoyed her chicken fingers, and we split a nice cheesy order of Mac and Jack. The 10% members discount made the prices easier to swallow. 

The Breyers Dairy Barn appealed to us hand dipped ice cream lovers. They don't have a lot of flavors though, and on the day we went they seemed understaffed. Then again we came on Easter Sunday so perhaps I should cut some slack. I'm sure this place is quite popular and crowded in the summer. 

I'm sure I'll be back. My 6 month old son didn't seem to care much as he was just happy to be in his stroller and looking at people. Maybe when he's a year old he will want to look at the animals, and then we will get our money's worth.
Very Large.

The zoo is a large one, make sure you have at least 4 hours to cover the entire place.  My girlfriend and I left after 2.5 hours, but we were simply tired after having taken a 2 hour bike ride that morning.  The ring-tailed lemurs were our favorite.

The primate house was impressive, but the feline department was lacking.  I was told they were remodeling that portion and that was the reason...

Zoo was crowded, but I never had to wait to see an animal.  I didn't go to any of the 'lectures', but they have them all day long.  I think these would be great for kids.

A++.  I've been to many zoos around the country and this top 3.  Not that far from San Diego Zoo if you ask me.
I'm sorry to have to rate this zoo so low but it's needed. Me and my husband took our kids today and it was not worth the price you pay. I saw more food vendors and small eateries then I did animal exhibits. The animals we did see were either sleeping, not there or just looked plain depressed and almost as if they were drugged up or something.  There were no zoo keepers around to give any kind of your or any info on the animals. All we saw were miserable looking employees working the food stands. I am super disappointed with this zoo. This was my second time there and it was the same experience as the first time I went. I won't return to this zoo. It was just too depressing. I could've had a more interesting time just driving around the city. Sad
I've been up to Pennsylvania twice and I always go to the zoo there.  There's so much to see and do there, make sure that you set aside at least a day so that you can see everything.  The pathways, exhibits, and facilities are all well taken care of. With the amount of exhibits and the sheer size of the place compared to the zoo we have here in Hawaii, it's well worth the $20 entrance fee.

I do know that on certain occasions they do charge for parking as well, and it's rather pricey, make sure that you have some extra cash on hand for the parking.  If I was a resident of the state, I would become a member like here at home, but going up once a year doesn't merit the cost for me.

Over all, if you're up in the Philly region of PA, make sure that you make time to go to the zoo, you won't regret it.
In the past this animal prison would have received more stars, but things done changed: empty pens and Lego animals do not make for an exciting learning experience. No monorail these days, and forget about the tree house unless you have a membership (I may be a chimp, but even I can see how making the non-members pay for admission would increase revenue; Charging for the tree house might not bring back the elephants, but there are plenty of other places they could dump that cash). I liked the primate enclosure because it's much better than the old hell hole that burned down and gave me my freedom, but I didn't feel like the big cat pens were large enough to keep the felines happy, though those carnivores can go suck an egg for all I care; I've seen one too many relatives go down their gullets to be sympathetic. Overall an okay zoo, but it could use a healthy donation to increase the quality of life for it's residents. 

--4/25/11-- 
Huzzah! A new animal exhibit! What species, says you? Why the rare and ever elusive Stuffedanimalus Handpuppetus, or, as you will come to know them, the X-tink-shun wild puppets. Look for them near the Beanie Baby hall, next to the Lego sculptures. Most appealing aspect about the $65 single adult membership; it gets you into other zoos (http://www.philadelphiazoo.org/user/MembersTerritory/More-Member-Benefits/Reciprocal-Zoos.htm) for free, or at least with a discount, and that says a lot.
The Philadelphia Zoo rox! Not only was it featured in "12 Monkeys" but they also have a Zooballoon which you can see if you're driving on 76 towards the city!

Two years ago, my friends and I decided to go here and looked online and they had a special where for one fixed price you get admission, a ride on the Zooballoon, a ride on the swan boats, and a ride on an animals back (I think they had camels).

We saw in no particular order: a monkey waking up and jerking off, a gorilla with his back to the glass contemplating life, and a tortoise orgy (except this one tortoise tried to mount another, but couldn't quite stick it).

We never got to ride the Zooballoon because it was too windy that day and we didn't ride the camel because when we saw them, there was this large woman getting on its back and the poor animal just slumped down.
We have been Zoo members for 2 years now - as we have a 3.5 year old.
For members, the zoo is a great deal.  The free parking alone is a great bonus.  We also don't feel pressured to see the entire zoo in one day, as now we can visit whenever we wish.

The Zoo also has a "treee house" just for members - but it is not airconditioned and gets very hot..

Also they do not sell milk - only sodas - so if you are nutrition (and cost) conscious - pack drinks and snacks for your family.  It is shameful that there are not more healthy choices for kids to eat here.
several winters ago, kelly w. and i came here for an afternoon of gloomy sky and lovely crowdless zoo-going. it could not have been a more perfect day, really.

that day we saw the largest male tiger cozy his butt up to the bars of the old carnivora house and take aim at a particularly annoying, abusive family. too bad he missed, 'cos that stream of pee was impressive.

i mean, like 12-13 feet range impressive. i was in awe of that tiger.....

since that absolutely perfect zooday, i've tried to see it in that same cool way. i just haven't been able to, unfortunately. all i see, even with their remodels, is the massive decay the zoo has. i even worked there, in the mailroom for a week or so. you know what? that made it even worse....

as much as i love seeing the animals, i don't think i can go back. that third star is for you, peeing tiger. you deserve it, and so much more.
This one time I went to this zoo with 5 or 6 friends and we realized it would be cheaper if we got a family pass. It totally worked. It was about 20 per person as opposed to a bunch more. And I was married with 4 kids for a full year. So in conclusion...abuse technicalities.
Who doesn't love a zoo? Especially if you have a kid to enjoy it with! 
Out of all the zoos I've been to in my lifetime (young and adult) this zoo is by far the cleanliest. You can see the animals are well taken care of and there is NO garbage when walking around. 
There are so many exhibits to see and even some you can interact with. One of the top things they have is the wild cats are able to walk around above you so they can roam a large area of the park and you are able to see them in a more natural habitat. 
The is a lot be to learned about all of the animals in the zoo and the staff is more than happy to answer any questions you may have. 
All of the food stops were great as well, offering something for everyone to enjoy. There was even a brewery area on site when you need a little relax time during the long day. It was definitely nice having multiple places to choose from for a meal rather than trying to get your entire group to eat at one spot. 
We went with a group of people and everyone had something to enjoy. From exhibits, to playgrounds to quick shows to teach you about wildlife and the importance of taking care of the environment. 
One top recommendation id have is to make sure you get there early so you are able to take your time walking around and seeing all of the sites the zoo has to offer. We had to rush through a couple of them because there were just so many!
Thinking our family with be taking a trip here once a year because it was by far the perfect day trip for everyone!
The Philadelphia Zoo is one of the best in the world.  This is the oldest zoo in America and it still retains a certain charm from its Victorian roots.  But of course it has many more modern and humane ways to exhibit the animals in their care today.  For example - their innovative idea of building walkways overhead for members of the cat and ape families to roam further afield is pure genius....and cool!   The zoological grounds are nicely landscaped and abound with sculptures. My favorite exhibits are the famous Big Cat Falls and the rare mammal house.
 
Tip - Don't miss the extremely cute film on bird migration that is shown every 15 minutes in the Aviary.

And my very favorite sign at the zoo is the one describing the Okapis.  Everyone always looks at an Okapi and automatically thinks it must be the result of some animal(s) breeding with the zebra.  The title of the Okapi sign is:  "I'm Me."

Anyway if you get a chance, check out the Philadelphia Zoo.  It's a great place to visit in every season of the year!
This is a great zoo that has really cleaned up its act since I was a little kid.  In reality, they're missing some really important things like elephants, but they have lots of great things like a petting zoo with adorable sheep, goats, and miniature horses.  Don't forget about the peacocks that are free to roam the zoo-- beautiful!  

You should definitely visit the endangered species house.  The Douc Langurs are amazing looking primates that are ever so shy. In the same space, you'll find the Bolivian Titi monkey.  They sit close together and braid their tails to look like one giant monkey.  

The bottom line is, no matter where you go in the zoo, you're going to see amazing things.  The membership is worth it, too.

On the family side, food and ice cream prices are reasonable for sizeable portions. Eating at the zoo won't break your bank, but it's always smart to pack some lunch items and bring a bottle or two of water. 

Go explore, and have fun!
I love this place but only during nice days when it is not too cold or not too hot. Its very hard to walk the whole place during a hot summer day. The place is huge! And there is not much shade or seats.

I took one of my little cousins (age 4) here a couple of months ago. She loved every bit of it. I've been here on a number of occasions but hadn't walked over to the children's petting zoo in years since I don't have children of my own to go with. I took her as my excuse (he-he). She rode a pony and we fed goats together. We had a blast. It was her first time ever seeing live animals. She knew what they were from the movie Madagascar. So yes, the lion was named Alex and the hippos were all Gloria. The monkeys were her favorite. The new big cat habitat is always my favorite. Too bad they are always sleeping! 

One thing I didn't like was the protesters out front. They were claiming that the zoo was bad for elephants because many elephants have died suddenly over the past few years. Thats not the way I wish to start my day at the zoo. Still, if you push that aside, you could have a day full of fun.
We love the Philly Zoo.  Although you definitely should go "off peak" if you have a choice b/c it gets a bit overwhelming.  Usually going later in the afternoon is much less crowded.  Their "special events" like Zoobilee are fantatic!  What could be better than strolling around the uncrowded zoo with your family, friends, free drinks and food!  Their newly built monkey house is top notch and doesn't even smell (and this is coming for a pregnant woman!!!).   It's laid out very well and is easy to tackle the entire experience in 2 hours or less.
We were here most recently for the grand opening of the new KidZoo U. All I can say is wow! The whole area was beautifully done and there were lots of animals for the kids to see including sheep, goats, ducks, fish, rats, ants, butterflies, bugs, beetles, chickens, pigeons, birds, and a pig. There were probably a few other animals that I'm forgetting at the moment. Inside the whole KidZoo U area is a petting zoo, where you can pet goats and sheep, or use one of the provided brushes to brush the animals. There were plenty of hand wash stations to scrub those hands with soap on your way out. I only say those Dyson hand vacs to dry your hands, which could be a problem if your real little ones are afraid of those things. There is a neat climbing area and once you get to the top, you can side down. It looks like you would be able to climb down as well, but that part seemed to be blocked off while we were there. This whole structure blends in nicely with the new treetop trails that the zoo has been installing. There is an education center in here as well and that is where you will find the fish, rats, ants, bugs, etc. There is even a little interactive recycling exhibit to help teach the kids about the importance of recycling. Lots of employees are around to teach kids about the various animals. Just like in the old petting zoo, you can pay $.50 to get some pellets to feed the ducks. Plenty of restrooms and family restrooms around along with drinking stations that make it easy to fill tall water bottles. Overall, they did a really nice job with this new exhibit and it looks like the old area is being remodeled for a new home for the horses and ponies.
Finally made it back here after a very long time. A lot has changed! I still would not recommend it on a hot day - though there is a lot of shade now which is great.

Upon arrival head straight to the back of the zoo. You will find it quiet without crowds, and you will have a tough uphill climb out of the way in the beginning, rather at the end when you're tired. This strategy also works to beat the heat as a good portion of indoor exhibits - specifically the kid zoo U area - is air conditioned and good to visit in the heat of the day.

I was told the food is terrible (and expensive) - and it didn't look good - so we packed and ate in the shady "picnic grove" by the train. 

Something unique about this zoo are the periodic play areas for children. Climbing areas integrated with the animal exhibits which was very cool. Also neat are the animal pathways that dangle above many of the walkways. Be sure to look up regularly - you may see a monkey, goat, or even a tiger!

In all, we spent four hours here and I think the zoo has kept up with the latest and greatest zoo trends for animals and people.
The price of admission was $18, but worth every penny.  And you know it has to be pretty expensive to keep a zoo running and the animals happy and healthy, so I do not mind the price.

The majority of the animals seemed healthy and active. I know the activity level is different on different days, but most of the animals active and somewhat comical while playing with each other on the day I was there.  Anything odd on the animals was marked with a note on their exhibit if there was an issue and that they were under veterinary care for that issue.  (Bird dermatitis, pink food coloring to tell two animals apart, etc.)

They layout is a bit of a pain, but they seemed to be more focused on the layout for the animals which is more important anyway.  Also the odd shaped layout allowed to always be near a restroom or a place to eat and relax if needed.

Some of the Monkeys had this large skywalk that went around part of the zoo, if they felt like they wanted to go check things out up there.  It is nice to see the animals having some freedom of choice while still keeping everyone healthy and safe.

My favorite aspect of this zoo (and I have been to many around the world), was the information presented along with the viewing area of the paddocks.  Fun facts about the animals AND the greatest part was the history and Name of the animal.  Not sure why, but just knowing the name of the animal you are enjoying watching is so fun and seems to give the animal more of an identity than just knowing their species.  Along with Names, birthdate information and other fun facts there was a lot of education info for helping and protecting the animals remaining in the wild.  This is very important for the animals in the zoo to be ambassadors for their relatives out there.  

There were a few animals I did not get to see, the zebras, okapi and cheetahs.  But I hope to visit again sometime.  Also there are no elephants, which did not bother me because there were so many other animals including an endangered species area.

I really enjoyed watching Tony the rhino and Merlin the lion!  The two tigers were have a good time running around being goofy with each other.

I would definitely go back to this zoo.
The Philadelphia Zoo is one of my favorite places in the city.  My girlfriend is a zoo member, so I get in for free.  Best girlfriend perk ever!

I've been to my fair share of zoos, and this one seldom disappoints.  The new primate house and big cat exhibits are wonderful, and it seems every time we go I end up having some kind of magical experience.  Tigers leaping at birds in trees.  Cheetahs sprinting across their enclosure.  Jaguars being fed giant hunks of frozen meat six inches from me.  Gorillas charging the glass and pounding on it.  Pumas racing around the steep walls of their exhibit.  A baby orangutan swinging around with its mom.

I've been going to this zoo my whole life.  I remember when I was a kid they had these rings with magnets on them, and when you went into the treehouse (with tunnels just big enough for kids, so no parents allowed) you could put your ring into special areas in the walls and you got a little slideshow or some kind of special view of an animal.  It felt like magic.  And the zoo still feels just as magical to me today as it did then.

PS - I cannot wait to see a monkey or big cat using those overhead walkways they built for them!
I had the pleasure of going to the Philly Zoo while in Philly for the first time last weekend. It was great! The only reason it's four stars instead of five is because I've been to the Bronx Zoo and I think that's still a step above this one, but if I hadn't have seen the Bronx Zoo this probably would have been a five star zoo for me. 

The animals have ample room for the most part, and the habitats are clean and tidy. There is a lot of room to view the animals and there aren't too many chicken-wire style fences that can make visibility complicated and ruin photo opportunities. They have a really cool hot air balloon that people can go in (no thanks for me, eek! I'd be woozy up there), and the food, though expensive, was pretty tasty. 

It's really nice that all of the animals are there for you to see and you don't really have to go paying extra for certain exhibits (at least not that I noticed anyway). From Elephants to zebras, lemurs and lizards, there's something for everyone at the Philly Zoo!
It's a fine zoo, with lots of themed areas. Highlights for my family were the gorilla/orangutan house, the polar bear enclosure, and the lions, but every family is sure to find a favorite. Even though we visited on a weekday, it was crowded. We were forced to park in the "Frog" lot ($12) whose zoo entrance is not always open, and thus had to hike 10 minutes to the entrance. There were no signs directing us. 

It was good to see the zoo updating exhibits - some were under construction. To me, this shows that the zoo is dedicated to continuous improvement and is not just letting things fall apart. In one way, this zoo is like the others we go to: the animals are often hiding, sleeping, or sitting with their butts toward you so you can't take a picture. No problem - being in a zoo wasn't their choice. 

Be sure to use City Pass or some other discount. If not, it will cost a family of four (as of April 2011) $67, plus $12 parking, plus lots of optional costs like the carousel ($3 a spin), a camel ride ($6 a person), swan boats ($6 a person), food, souvenirs.
Great Zoo. Recently remodeled. Beautiful primate house with a three week old gorilla. The zoo has tunnel bridges where animals can roam across. Absolutely wonderful .
i hadn't been to the Philly zoo since i was a kid. i don't remember much about it... i'm also not a huge fan of zoos in general.  basically i don't like seeing wild animals in cages or limited spaces, especially if it is not a warm climate year round. but, alas, here i am in PA visiting my family, and my mom asked me to go with her to take my nearly 3 year old niece for her first trip to the zoo. 

i was pleasantly surprised. it is evident that the animals in the Philly zoo are well looked after.  this zoo has been here a while, in fact it is the oldest zoo in the country.  the place is lush and clean.  the animals have a good amount of space to roam.  there is tons info to educate people about the animals, including which are endangered and which are currently under vet care (i wish i had more time to read and watch videos). the children's petting zoo made it fun for my niece.  after feeding and petting the animals there, there is a big room of sinks to wash hands which i thought was a good touch.

my complaint too is that some of the kids there were obnoxious, especially those in large groups.  tons of them everywhere, screaming and banging on glass and cages.  this is the responsibility of the parents and teachers. if you teach your kids respect for the animals before stepping foot in the place and treat it more like a museum, everyone will be happier....especially the animals who live there!  

ps...please remind your kids (and yourself) that everyone poops, even the elephants :)
i love the zoo. it is clean, interesting, and, with the exception of the african wild dogs (have you seen those things? they are so scary!) filled with really cool animals. (can i please recommend the river otters? thanks)
i would also like to say that all of my extra-curricular teacher-type encounters with zoo staff have been great. i went to a saturday workshop on environmental education  a few years back which was excellent, and when my kids were on the outward bound urban expedition, the zoo gave us a night tour and let us sleep in the treehouse. awesome!
My visit here was so much fun!  The zoo is huge with so many different animals and they have a huge breeding program.  There were so many babies!  Best part was the polar bears and the red pandas.  They were so cute and entertaining to watch.  I had no idea that the Philadelphia zoo was the first in the country!

I felt like the orangutans were sad looking though... If only they had more space and entertainment.  And the zoo was really busy, but there was a lot of traffic in particular near the red pandas.  The zoo was crowded, which surprised me since its $18 per person... I guess it's not too high for people. I really wished that I saw some pandas, koalas, and elephants though... But I really appreciate that they don't have elephants in the zoo since the lack of space causes stress to the elephants.

There were a lot of picture opportunities such as various animal statues, peacocks running loose and picture friendly animal exhibits.

The zoo could use more benches and food vendors though.
When our kids were younger, we were members for several years and my wife would come here often for a morning out.  By being members, they never felt the need to fit everything into one trip, particularly since parking is included in a membership.  You are also allowed to bring food into the park so a trip truly only cost gas and a bridge toll.

When we heard that they had opened a new part of the big cats exhibit - an overhead walkway that allows the cats to roam to other parts of the park, we decided to make a trip to check it out.  With a little research and a Facebook discount code, the family membership was actually cheaper than buyer a one day admission and parking.  Sweet - it felt just like the old days when we did not feel the pressure to see the whole park and were able to get in and out.  I am looking forward to stopping by again later in the summer.

We like to get to the zoo right when it opens and I suggest you do the same.  It seems like they feed a lot of the animals in the morning and the animals seem to be more active then when the heat of the day comes on.  If you get there early enough, try to get a spot in the frog parking lot at the south end of the zoo - it is a small lot so it fills up fast, but it is right by an entrance and has some shady spots.

The walkways were cool - we got to see a tiger lounging on one of the walks directly above the walkway - maybe 6 feet away.  So cool.  However, not enough to make me want to come here just for that.

The primate exhibit is always awesome and the big apes, like usual did not disappoint.  Hamming at the windows, grabbing food, and climbing all over the place.  We also like watching the black and white monkeys jumping and swinging and the orangutans climbing trees.

The highlight of the visit was listening to our kids reminisce about the trips we used to make 5-10 years ago to the zoo and reliving those memories.  The Philadelphia Zoo is a great place for you to make family memories of your own!
Not great, in fact a little sad. That being said, I miss the elephants. I guess it is just old and they have not had the money to keep it up. Lot's of kids that were having fun. Parking was $12 which was a surprise but all of the parking in Philly is expensive.
We got the family membership so our caretaker could take our son there. He loves looking at the animals and running around the paths. This is a really well designed zoo. You can see it all in a day, but there is a lot to see! The design cleverly uses very limited space and there are lots of activities for kids. I am most surprised by everything I have learned there. Such an effort is made to make the zookeepers accessible to visitors and the conservation efforts at the zoo are really interesting. 

There are some activities for kids that cost a little more than the base admission: the carousel, the train, face painting, swan rides. We usually pick one additional activity to do when we visit. 

Now that it is winter, there are fewer people and fewer animals (hippos, giraffes, etc), but the other animals are much more active than they were in the summer. Plus, there are enough indoor exhibits to take breaks from the cold when you are walking around. This is one membership I don't regret at all.
I've been to this zoo a handful of times and once being for a kid's birthday party. What a blast!
This is such a lovely zoo and I did so enjoy the paddle boats. 
The wildlife are so much fun to see frolicking about in areas designed to mock their natural habitats.
Zoo is very clean and well maintained. Grounds are pretty. 
Staff nice.
All in all a nice way to spend an afternoon.
My brother is a huge Zoo fanatic, so I've been to many zoo's all over the country, but none compare the the Philadelphia Zoo, America's first Zoo. The zoo is organized well, so you're not wandering around and doubling back to make sure you didn't miss any exhibits. 

We recently visited to see the baby (not so little) giraffe Beau! He was out an about and decided to take a little nap, very adorable. 

I also love their Big Cat Falls section, where the kitties can choose to walk from one section to another via the "catwalk," and the zoo's app help you track where the fluffies are hanging out at any given time. I haven't been to the Philly Zoo in awhile but the otters now have slides to play on, but I'm sure they'd have a great time either way. I miss the elephants, but they've turned the elephant area into a new kid zone with lots of learning opportunities. 

The zoo is always a great day for kiddos and adults alike.
We took a trip to the Philadelphia Zoo fro NYC. We got there around 11 AM on Wednesday morning and the place was practically empty except from a few camp trips there. The main parking lots still had lots of space. Parking is $16. Though the surrounding neighborhood isn't the best, the short walk from the parking lot to the zoo entrance is safe. The admission to the zoo is about $20-25. There are lots of animals at the zoo, all with adequate space. All animals appeared to be well maintained and cared for. As with most zoos, the earlier you get there the better..less crowds, closer parking and active animals. There are a few areas to grab a bit to eat as well as restrooms. Unfortunately, it was raining quite a bit that day so our trip was cut short. We plan on attending again soon. Keep in mind that if you plan to visit more than once in a year, the membership might be worthwhile. The membership includes unlimited admission for one year and includes parking and discounts at the zoo store and eateries throughout the zoo.
Easily one of my favorite zoo's I have visited to date! Not to mention the was the FIRST zoo in America! How friggen cool is that? I will agree with Jaimee A that is definitely gives the Bronx Zoo a run for its money. 

I arrived bright and early on a Sunday and got a spot rite next to the entrance that eliminated so much walking. Upon arrival we bought our tickets and headed into the zoo, the staff here is very friendly and helpful and will point you in the rite  direction if you are looking to start off at a particular area. We decided to circle the whole zoo which I thought was the best approach so we don't have to double back on any exhibits. The zoo was huge and extremely clean and I really loved the 360 zoo experience where they tigers and other large cats get to walk all around the park. 

There are a lot of food options here and even a bar that you can sit and have a drink. The shops here are really cute and I was very tempted to buy myself a giant stuffed animal that I really don't need. The prices are reasonable and the quality is great with all of their purchasable items. 

They have this giant hot air balloon ride that I went on and thought it was awesome. You get the best view of the zoo and the surrounding area and you are up there for a good amount of time. 

Overall this was the highlight of my trip to Philly and I honestly can't wait to come back!
The zoo would get a better rating if 40% of their attractions weren't closed. They're charging full price for less of the normal experience. All of the food vendors were also closed when I went (morning) and that was kind of a bummer too. My daughter had a good time, but overall I prob wouldn't go back until they're full open. Oh, they have a cool dinosaur exhibit going on bow as-well but you can't get into that without spending more money? Lame.
I've lived literally 5 minutes from the zoo for 4 years and yesterday was the first time I've visited... what an asshole I am. It was so much fun, though. My boyfriend and I went when we both had a rare day off. It was a slight bit chilly [since it's early April], but most of the animals were out prowling around. They have a great assortment of animals here, and I especially enjoyed the endangered animals house -- it's really nice to see how the zoo is actually helping a lot of species stay alive. There were also several animals that had just had babies, and it was so cute to see them riding around on their daddys' backs. 

Really, the only reason it loses a star was that they apparently changed the penguin feature -- they now live outside instead of inside a little aquarium/winter scape where they could swim/slide around, and my boyfriend was really sad because that's his favorite part. :( I still thought they were cute outside, though.
I loooooove zoos and animals.  (I don't want to get into a debate of the cruelty to animals in being locked up at zoos.  I am just looking it at from my own selfish point of view.)

 I can remember being a little girl, being oh-so-excited to go to the Philadelphia Zoo!  Then I grew up a little, and all my friends were "too cool" to go to the zoo so I didn't go for years.  That was the dark time in my life.

But now I have seen the light.  I have been two times in the past three months.

The first recent time was in the middle of February.  It was warm for February, but still sweatshirt/jeans weather, and some of the animals weren't out.  But the polar bear sure was.  He was playing with a big blue ball, pushing it down into the water and then watching it shoot up, doing that over and over.  Heaven!

I went again this past weekend, the weather was perfect and felt like the first true weekend of spring. I thought it was supposed to be "Gay Day" at the zoo, but I only saw some lesbian mothers pushing their kids in strollers.  In other words, it was a typical Saturday afternoon at the zoo.

The tortoises were out eating some vegetables in their pen.  I can't get over how old they are!  

This time the elephants stole the show.  The elephants are right next to the rhinos.  One of the elephants stuck his trunk over the divider and was caressing the back of the rhino.  It was so touching, seeing two completely different species interacting so peacefully together.  

I am always extra delighted by the monkey house.  The orangutans remind of me of Al and Peg Bundy.  The grumpy gorilla looks like a huge meathead asshole, but I love him anyway.  Some of the little guys are bouncing off the walls like ADHD children, and I can totally relate after spending an hour in the office.  Actually, I can totally relate anyway.  

I think the San Diego Zoo is the best zoo I've ever been to. It's much bigger than the Philadelphia Zoo and has a panda exhibit and an unbeatable monkey exhibit.  But still, Philadelphia Zoo always brings back great childhood memories and makes me feel like a kid again - and nothing beats that!
Visited the Philadelphia Zoo on a autumn Saturday afternoon. Beautiful weather! Not too, too crowded. It was an enjoyable time to see all the exciting exhibits that the zoo offered.

Prior to visiting, we reserved our time on the website; days in advance. When we arrived, we parked into the parking garage that was not bad at all. The parking garage is not to far from the zoo.

Us adults and a 4-year-old had a pretty good day! We arrived early afternoon -- where a lot of the animals were still out. I was amazed by all of the animals that are located at "America's first zoo". Wow!

Also, I was impressed that the zoo had working hand sanitizer stations all over. Especially, when you're with a very active 4-year-old that wants to touch, touch, & touch on everything -- you have to have sanitizer available and of course we carried some of our own too! Mask is required for indoor spaces.

This particular visit, I enjoyed us petting goats (hilarious), seeing the giraffes, gorillas, penguins, etc! I cannot wait to go back!
Had the pleasure of being in Philly last Independence Day and I loved it. The Philly Zoo is our nation's first zoo. I'm just a big kid at heart and the Mrs. and I go to zoos in every city we visit. The Philly Zoo was fantastic and right up there with the San Diego zoo. We had a really nice day to just walk around and check out all of the animals. They have got them all covered. You will see elephants, kangaroos, snakes, birds of prey and the big cats. It was pretty crowded when we were there but there was still a lot of room and the layout made it easy.
Typically I'm sure that this zoo would get a five star but I guess with it opening up post Covid, I can't really give it a 5 star. It seems as though for the most part they are taking the necessary precautions (social distancing, hand sanitizers, etc) 
They had way too many attractions and sights closed. Very limited amount of food spots were open as well. What I didn't understand was why the food trucks inside the zoo were all closed but yet they had the indoor spots open. 
The reptiles/amphibians were closed, as were the turtles, the bears, etc, shows, movies and many animals were just not available. I hope that this zoo is able to return to normal opening measures soon because I would think that this would be a great zoo for the family.
Went on June 19, 2021. Only about 50% of the exhibits were open and that was really disappointing. Several exhibits also just had no animals present but no signage explaining they were empty. No lions, no tigers, no otters, no large gorillas, no chimps, no sloths, the hippos were difficult to view, the entire avian house was closed, and we were chased out of the reptile house at 4:50pm. Most of the restrooms were closed as well, I only found one that was open in the entire park. It was 90 out and there were no snack/beverage stands open and every vending machine I found was sold out with the only open place being the beer garden. It was really very uncomfortable to be sweating so profusely and not be able to purchase a cold drink.
Overall, not worth the money we paid for tickets and parking.
This is a nice park, though having some advanced knowledge of their policies and procedures is important to maximize your visit. For example, we pre-paid for parking but couldn't find a spot in two of their side lots. We then parked along the curved road adjacent to the train tracks (fine by me!). Once we parked and walked along, we then saw a parking garage with zoo animals on it. Was that were our parking was valid for? We don't know, and calling the number led to a voice message saying they were short staffed and we should send them a message via their webpage. Not helpful. 

Some of the exhibits were closed... either due to Covid directly, or due to lack of staffing. I don't like a lot of the inside buildings anyway so I didn't mind, but many of the food things (ice cream, drinks, etc.) were shut down. 

The animals were fun to see and I saw some I usually don't get a chance to see. We really liked the red pandas, the giraffes, and I found the bear cute. Like all zoos, we seem to hit them at just the right time when the animals are taking naps. Apparently, lions and tigers see us coming and roll over just as we get to the walls. Meanwhile, the red panda(s) food us first by sleeping but when we doubled back later we got to see one playing around.

I like the overhead 360-tunnel/passages, and watching a cheetah walking above you is both cool and disconcerting. Seeing a confused monkey run back and forth was entertaining too. 

They seemed to cram a lot in the space they had. It all appeared to be well kept, and we really had a good time.
I am nostalgic about America's first zoo and it offers a good experience to this day.  However the decisions to remove the elephants and the monorails to cut costs has taken away most of this location's "biggest" attractions. Now it's trying to stay on par with most other zoos, but personally I would rather visit Pittsburgh's or San Diego's to see a more complete zoological experience.
Went to the Philadelphia zoo on a Monday. We wanted to take the kids to the zoo to make those memories that we all cherish.  Let me start by saying that we are & have been phila zoo members for a good number of years.  So sad to say this was a very disappointing visit for me my wife and our 3 grandkids. Most of the exhibits were closed And the other ones that were open had no animals in there we did see the back side of 2 sleeping lions 1 spotted cat and some monkeys. There were no tigers or other big cats to be seen? No gorillas just a few random monkeys running around screaming. Probably saying get us out of this dump. I hate writing bad reviews but I must be honest with you all. There were  only 2 options for food and drinks in the whole place? 2 very small souvenir places for the kids to get something. They do have a mechanical Dinosaur exhibit. There were probably around 20  dinosaurs set up in a area where you can walk thru they are supposedly built to scale. Some are pretty big and cool & motion activated. Kids enjoyed it.  But when you go to the zoo & the best thing you see is a mechanism that roars that's pretty sad.  Oh and almost forgot when we were eat at a table outside a poor little duck is hobbling around on a brokenness could hardly walk what a sin the zoo personelle said that its not our duck not our problem all the little kids were so upset about this little creature. Felt so bad.   So I'm thinking about not renewing our membership very sad. America's first zoo & it's worst. If I could give no stars I would
It seems every time we go to the zoo we see No ANIMALS,,,seriously. Pretty much the same this time. There were some animals but most of the cages were empty. We did a LOT of walking around. The employees were all so nice and friendly and helpful the best part was the Red Pandas',,,they were adorable  I wanted to see the new baby gorilla but unfortunately it wasn't around. It was raining so that kinda sucked and like I said we paid 62$ total to see like 8 animals. Not really worth it to me. We didn't eat or drink at all since most everything was closed as well. We went early but everything was shut down. No trainer sessions, no rides nothing.
Had the chance to visit the during for the LumiNature opening event. The zoo was transformed into a light show and it was beautiful.

My favorite part is a section where there were trees decorated by different school/organizations as well as the section where there were different clips playing varying from animals to the beloved city of Philly .

There are different stands in the zoo where you could purchase hot chocolate/ hot apple cider. There is also a s'more stand and a cute fire pit section.

The whole going around was not huge but it was really enjoyable. If you have the time, go and enjoy the light show with the family. 

** Note: During this hour you will not be able to see the animals
Philadelphia is America's oldest zoo which is pretty cool but since it's the oldest it could use some updating. 

The zoo has a pretty good assortment of animals with both indoor and outdoor exhibits. My favorite is always the monkeys. Huge indoor area with lots for the monkeys to play on. 

Some of the exhibits are closed which is a bummer. Otter area is cute. I love seeing them play but for some reason, the outdoor area with the slide is closed. 

The zoo has cute events like Boo at the Zoo where kids can wear their costume and get candy at different stands throughout the zoo. 

There was a dinosaur exhibit going on but it costs extra, even for members! I do think these things should be included with membership. 

There's a garage and parking lots for parking. Garage is nice because it's a short distance to the entrance. However, parking is also extra charge. 

Overall a good zoo. A little hilly for anyone who might have walking issues so be mindful of that!
very depressing. i hadn't been to the philly zoo since 1997 & it has drastically gone downhill. 

the 2 bears are pacing and expressing stress - which was heart breaking. they also don't look too well kept. 

many enclosures had no animals in them, but no signs explaining so - many people gathered in attempts to see animals to then realize none were present. at least display *coming soon* or *we have moved* signs on the empty enclosures. 

the parking attendant didn't even check for our paid parking pass - so we could of not paid and parked for free essentially. 

one gift shop was open & the line was horrendous. very very limited food stands. 

penguins & otters seemed happy in their environments. otherwise - lemurs and mercats were so startled by loud passing vehicles
Certain things about coming to the Philadelphia Zoo are caveats:

Parking is a complete rip-off and has been for years.  $15 is nuts but at least the new-ish deck they have beats the old dumpy lot that existed for years.  The one noteworthy thing is that if you park in the deck people will park like total A-holes (make U-own space) by attempting to pile in as close to the elevators/stairs/entrances as they can to limit those fifteen extra steps of walking which means you could get parked in and the staff in the lot will not do crap about it.

As expected the food at the zoo is highly overpriced.  In late March the zoo has no problem charging the in season admission price but of course they don't staff like it's the in season nor do they have things open like it either.  Third rate crappy looking cheesesteaks from a cart or the less than desirable offerings from Tiger Terrace which does have some "healthier" options but all of the combo meals are built around fries & soda. Yuck!

I don't want to seem like a bitch but sort of like Stacy Z said in her review, the biggest problem as to why the PHL Zoo is a less than desirable experience is simply that you come here to see animals, correct?  Yet what happens when you spend a crap load of money only to see empty cages, construction or a bunch of signs saying that this display is currently empty?  You feel ripped off and that's kind of where I sit with coming here.

Too many areas like the African Plains, Monkey Junction or Carnivore Kingdom were either were deserted in totality or at best had maybe one species present in the area while the rest of the enclosures had nada.

I mean don't get me wrong in that certain parts like the reptile/amphibian house and the aviary were interesting as usual but to charge full price when you've got more or less all of your larger animals off display even though it's in the mid-40's is kind of silly.  

I suppose at some point in the future we'll be back again, but it'll be awhile until I forget how underwhelming this visit was.
Kind of hit-or-miss for me. 

Generally:
Get a membership if you plan on coming 3 or more times in one year. Free parking (for 1 car), discounts on food, some members only events. If you have young kids, I would upgrade to the premium membership (the one that includes rides), because you know your kids are going to want to go on them, and you know that if they want to go on several, you could end up shelling out $40+ for just rides, and standing in line to buy tickets... The food is OK, the exhibits can get a bit crowded, but it's really not the zoo's fault if the animals don't come out and play (unless the exhibit is closed, then it's kind of the zoo's fault). 

It is expensive for what it is (but if you live close by, several trips will make up for the cost)

The Pros:
- The kids zoo/play area is nice - only one entrance, so you know your kids aren't getting out without you knowing. There's a free for all petting enclosure, a rope climbing playground, an indoor area for "exploring" and learning.
- There are lots of activities such as pony rides, lorikeet feeding areas, a train (kind of pathetic, but the kids love it...), swan boats, carousel (beautiful hand carved animals and recently repainted such that the beautiful texture was lost under the dull unimaginative paint), draft horse rides, camel rides (sometimes), and face painting. They all cost extra ($3-$6 per person), but most are included if you buy the expensive membership. The face painting and zoo balloon rides are not covered.
- The tiger walk and monkey walk areas are a great idea. You may not always see the animals in there, but when you do, it's pretty cool.

The annoyance:
We got a membership last year, which included free rides on the zoo balloon. Unfortunately, every time we visited the balloon was not flying due to the weather... ok... fine. Come 2015, our 2014 membership hasn't expired, we were told when we called that we would still be covered under the old "free zoo balloon ride" policy until the membership expired this year, but when we arrived, and the balloon was actually flying, we were told that we get a discount, but it would still cost $8 per person for anyone 2 and up.  The manager (who did not give us her name) said she was "sorry" (she totally wasn't) and asked us to give her the name of the customer service rep. we spoke to (says the person who didn't give us her name), and said that because in 2014, it was believed to be the last year of the zoo balloon, they were not obligated to honor the "free zoo balloon rides" sales pitch in 2015. 

Personally, I think she should have just given it to us, but it's clear that she doesn't have to care (and didn't care) about the confusion and disappointment caused by mixed messages received from different zoo employees. She probably thought it wasn't her problem since she wasn't personally responsible for us getting the wrong information. And she's probably right. However, this is in stark contrast to the cheery happy people at the entrance/exits who try to convince you about all the benefits of getting a zoo member. 

I think that if this is the attitude that management has, it does reflect on the priorities of the zoo ($ before customer relations). Most of the staff are very cool, but as a manager, the "I don't give a ___" tone, said with the words "I'm very sorry for the confusion" really puts a damper on one's day. Not that they care about my (family's) experience. 

Bottom line, we will not be renewing our membership this year (for this and other personal reasons).
Excellent friendly staff and great up close views of massive exotic animals.

First, I came late - around 4:30 PM after visiting another Philly attraction most of the day.  I had the Philly City Pass and was willing to use my zoo coupon for entrance for the 30 mins since I would not have much time to explore the next day anyway.  A friendly worker at the entrance did not want me to waste my pass for the 30 mins so he let me and my girlfriend in as his guest for free.

Next, we visited the lions "big cat falls" which was really fun to watch.  Unlike at the Bronx Zoo where you are really far away, you get to go right up to a fence and get a great view of the cats. They have a litter of young female lions very playful with each other and fun to watch.  The zoo worker there was also very helpful in explaining things about the exhibit.

Finally, I entered the monkeys area around closing time.  The friendly staffer let me in even though they were about to close.  I got to see a MASSIVE gorilla right on the other side of the glass.  Again, the staff was friendly and explained the diet and lifestyle of the gorilla even though they could have just kicked me out if they wanted.

5+ star experience, definitely will return.
We took a trip out to Philly the weekend before Christmas to visit the Zoo's Luminature exhibit. The Exhibit begins at 5 PM on select days where the zoo decorates the zoo with various "holiday" lights throughout. The main attraction is a 30+ foot polar bear where light is projected upon set to music and a show. This runs every 30 minutes and lasts about 5 minutes, so make sure you get a good viewing spot. The tickets are about $20-25 per person which I thought were on the higher end, but on par with similar attractions. ZOo members get a few dollars off. The zoo parking lots are opened during this time and cost the usual $16 per vehicle unless you are a member which allows parking for one vehicle per visit. Overall we had a great time and am glad we took advantage of our membership to visit this year to get the free parking and discounted tickets. I don't think it is worth it for those who aren't members and going without a discount....a family of 4 with parking would run about $120!!! which I think is a lot for what you get. There probably should be a package deal offered, which includes admission the zoo itself, and admission to the light show later on that same day...maybe throw in parking. That would be worthwhile. By the way, we did attend the first 5 PM show and it was crowded. Lots of strollers and minimal walking spaces near the bigger attractions and narrow paths. You may want to pick a later time, or go during the week. The zoo may also want to further limit the ticket sales per time slot..which is the whole purpose of giving time slots. There is food for sale throughout the zoo during this time.
Traveling During COVID 19

The zoo has made adjustments during the pandemic. If anyone just shows up, they'll be sorely disappointed.  Reservations only.  And if you wait till last minute, you may be out of luck.  The number of guests are limited and allowed in based on the time of their reservation.  (We arrived early and were asked to wait.)  Masks are required.  And patrons are reminded to spread out.

We prepaid online.  $20 per adult, plus $17 parking.  It's not cheap.  And -- for full disclosure -- it doesn't appear that all the animals are on display.  But nonetheless, it's a charming zoo, the oldest in the country.  We went through it in about ninety minutes, taking our time.
This zoo is bad...the primates look like they are on downers. I heard that the Cape May Zoo is really nice.
We went last Sunday and the weather was a bit overcast and in the upper 60's.

PRICE: We looked online and saw that parking was very expensive ($15), so we took the Philly Phlash instead. The Phlash ticket is $2 and drops you off right in front of the zoo. Our entry tickets were $18 each with a *military discount* and I know that you can get them for $16 at Acme stores. 

CLEANLINESS: Very clean! Best I've seen!

EXHIBITS: We felt that the giraffe enclosure was way too small for the three giraffes, but the big cat exhibits were awesome. The Zoo360 was amazing - the cats walk right over your head! Incredible! We also got to see the lions playing, and I've never gotten to see animals that active at the zoo.

FOOD: Expensive, like you would expect. We had reasonably-priced coffee at the end (they have a full espresso bar), but the barista took 15 minutes to make our coffee. We timed it - I am not exaggerating!

ACCESSIBILITY: You can rent wheelchairs and strollers and everything is ramps and walkways. The zoo is pretty small and easily walkable/strollable. 

TIME: We felt "done" after three hours. 

WORTH THE PRICE? Did you read my thing about the big cats? Absolutely worth it!
We had been zoo members for years and years. We didn't purchase a membership, nor go last year. We just rejoined last night and were shocked at the big price hike for a deluxe membership. 
Well we were pleasantly surprised with all the updates. I think the best update of all was the parking garage!!! Kid zoo u was fun for the kids and was nicely done. I like the water bottle fill stations. 
The zoo was packed today with schools and families and there was enough new stuff to keep everyone entertained. 
Great family fun.
I have been a member of this zoo for several months now and it is seriously a great investment. You and one guest are able to park and enter the zoo for free, an unlimited number of times per year! 

As for the zoo itself, it's simply wonderful. I have come here with my parents and boyfriend and everyone always has a blast, even on crowded days. The map lays everything out very nicely. It's easy to loop around until you've seen everything. 

The animals have a lot of space and the keepers are very friendly and attentive. There are a huge number of exhibits too! I personally think the apes and the big cats are the most thrilling! 

My best advice is to arrive as early in the day as possible in order to get a good parking spot. You can take your time through the zoo this way as well. 

If this zoo continues to stay this well maintained and exciting, I will be a member for years to come. This is one of my favorite spots in Philadelphia. It would be hard not to fall in love with the place once you visit.
The Philly Zoo rocks! I can't believe it took me 8 years to get here, but for some reason I usually only visit the zoo when I'm in DC. 

The Philly Zoo isn't the all time greatest zoo I've been to - that honor belongs to the Bronx Zoo - but it is pretty cool. My dad and I loved the cat exhibits, since they allow you to get right up next to the cats, assuming they're lounging by the glass wall. If not, the view is no worse than any other zoo. 

My only complaint was the gorilla exhibit. No gorilla baby?! COME ON!

We took the PHLASH, which is seasonal, but drops you right at the front door. I may join the Zoo at some point so I can visit my feline friends more often.
Check out the turtle that elegantly dives around his tank. He's in one of the indoor exhibits and is pretty damn neat.

Also, the lions here are mega old for lions - 20 or so years because they're not being evicted from their prides or being munched on by hippos.

Speaking of hippos, you've gotta see the hippos. And the alligators, which sit there with their mouths open - no wait, that's the crocodiles, which are right next to the alligators, and this is unfair because unless you're from Florida or Australia you probably get them confused anyways.

The birds smell funny, but they're really friendly. There's a toucan, who is prettier than Toucan Sam and more colorful, and he might swoop by your head as you enter the bird barn. The starlings are pretty too, and in the back room they keep a round bird that looks more like a Pokemon than a bird, and it raises its head occasionally and lets out a shrill that would bring even a seasoned dog whistler to his knees. 

Yeah...it's a zoo, and it's neat.
I like zoos... This one was nice.  There were informative signs and very friendly people around explaining the exhibits,  They have adorable little red pandas and an awesome "big cat" display.  I went on a perfect day, just a little chilly, so it was not a problem walking around.  It is a big zoo though, so I can see how it might be rough on a hot day.  It's a little more expensive then I expected, but still worth it.  :)
A very nice, informative zoo.  The exhibits are clean and interesting, although a bit dated.  We came on a rainy day, so the place was pretty empty.  One of the primates in the small mammal house just had a baby (June/July 2012), so keep an out for it.  It clings onto the backs of the adults.  The zoo also recently got some new giant cats, and they were pretty frisky.  Guides explained that the kitties were still trying to adapt to their new environment.  Peacocks roam the zoo freely.  And of course there were these obnoxious teenagers that found it necessary to chase them.  

Two complaints about the place...One is that the layout is a bit awkward.  You can't really be efficient about your animal seeing, lol.  We had to walk in circles to see all the exhibits.  Two, this place is in the middle of nowhere.  We took the public bus here, and that was fine, but the bus stop back didn't have a sign!  After a while of looking, we gave up and cabbed it.  Better off driving here.
I've wanted to come to the Philly zoo years ago after seeing the netted tubes that allow animals to move about from the highway.  We came when it was fairly cold, so unfortunately we didn't get to see a ton of animal movement.  Even so, the exhibit setups are really cool.  From the Big Cat exhibit, to the Ape one, to the otter one, I like how they made these immersive but grouped animals together by taxonomy.  I grew up going to the Bronx and miss them having that set up.  Would definitely come back when it's warmer out.

We had planned to do the penguin feeding experience, but since the penguins were distracted by mating season (sex beats food), we had to switch to the giraffe feeding experience.  The zoo keepers were great in making the most out of the experience with factoids and when interacting with the animals.  Of the 4 giraffes 3 came to feed, including the baby one.  It was awesome, but to be honest, I would still not do this again due to the price tag ($75pp); this is steep given that the "experience" lasts like 15 minutes and is nothing next to comparable experiences at other zoos/aquariums.  Nice that it includes the zoo entrance fee though.
Great zoo to visit in Philadelphia. I had a lot of fun exploring this zoo. Lots of different types of animals from animals you typically see in average zoo to animals I have never seen in person, for example, bats, rhino, hippos, etc. All the animals look relatively happy in their own habitat or at least seemed relax. The zoo has some unique rides like the swan ride- which was a lot of fun, pony rides, and a hot air balloon ride which unfortunately was shut down due to wind conditions. 

Overall, this is a good zoo to visit with your family and friends.
Not what it used to be. I think they are more food stands than animals and only one filling station. A lot of the exhibits were empty. Only saw one monkey in the much talked about 360. The zoo was much better years ago. Like much of Philadelphia now, The zoo is just a rundown attraction in a rundown neighborhood. I would recommend the Cape May zoo over the Philly zoo easily. Sorry I purchased the family plan. Very disappointing adventure.
Put on your sunscreen and good walking shoes, cuz you'll want to see it all.  Let me provide the disclaimer that I could have picked a better day than just before school starts and in the heat of summer, but I only come here for work and it turns out I had to stay the weekend.  Temps rose to 90 by midday but shade trees and indoor exhibits abound in strategic spots so you never feel like you're crossing a desert (although you will see camels that your kids can ride for a fee).  Parking is premium here but if you're like me and are as intimidated as all hell by Septa, you'll fork over $16 for a spot in their own parking garage (that's a zoo first for me, folks) or in one of the uncovered lots surrounding the park.  It's $20 for a single adult so this isn't the place for you if you're on a budget.  

You'll see plenty of signs and printed across most souvenirs in the kitsch shop that PZ is the nation's first zoo.  I felt a little apprehensive thinking, "is that an excuse to explain why the cages date back to 1858?"  The red tile floor in the rare creature conservatory didn't assuage that feeling.  Several of the primates preferred to sit by the barred door where the keepers access the cages (that's really what they were in that exhibit) waiting for something.  The rare blue eyed black furred lemurs looked worse for wear.  The female's fur looked sparse in patches and the male's tail looked really short for a lemur.  However, PZ puts you more at ease as you continue further into their world.  The indoor exhibits all had that aged feel to them and I can only hope they'll start to make progress to better the animals' quality of life.  

This is the first zoo I've seen that has begun building mesh tunnels that travel overhead and all around the park for primates and big cats to traverse.  The catch phrase is that the zoo moves with you as you move through the zoo.   This is a neat idea and a map shows you how they plan to introduce this innovation to more of the animals in the months and years to come.  The Niagara Falls big cat exhibit is fresh and inspired.  The enclosures aren't huge but they offer enrichment and hiding places (on a given day you're unlikely to see every animal on the park - on my visit, the cougars, Andean bear, red panda, maned wolf and Amur leopard were nowhere to be found).  The PZ is a business for sure but at least it offers some respect and ethical treatment for many of the inmates.  

There are no freshwater or marine exhibits.  PZ is notably without elephants, seals, walruses or true wolves but you'll see animals here you won't see anywhere else.  The number of critically endangered species represented is remarkable!  I bought a t-shirt and water from the overpriced Zoostore to show my support.
As a zoo professional, I usually visit the local zoo whenever I find myself in a city I've never been to.  So I've been to dozens of zoos in my lifetime.

The Philadelphia Zoo is incredible!  I was very impressed with most of the exhibits, in addition to how great the overall messaging was - this zoo has a very high level of confidence, and this can easily be seen throughout the park.
