I'm definitely happy to say that PBC's newest addition the "Fleur de Lehigh" has redeemed my initial thoughts on them. It has enough cardamom, ginger, lemongrass, and other herbal offerings to taste like a Belgian countryside. It's definitely the closest that any local brewer has come to making a good Belgian style ale.

Also after plenty of tries I've grown quite partial to the Walt Wit and Rowhouse Red. And after Kristin convinced me to give it another try way back when, I've even started to grow a little more fond of the Kenzinger. So it looks like PBC is on their way to becoming a lot more consistent.
Whether you are a local or a tourist like myself, this place is a must visit. The staff was super friendly and very knowledgeable. They give a free extensive tour of their brewery and then offer up 6 free tasters of the beers that they currently have on tap. There is a variety of types of beers to choose from. My favorites were the Roadhouse Red, Walt Wit. Belgian White Ale and Commonwealth Ciders - Traditional Dry. Cheers!
I know I'm in the minority when I say this, but I'm just not the biggest fan of PBC. Their history in Philly is cool, but that's not enough to make me want to drink their beers on the reg.

I've now been to the brewery and tasting room twice.

My first visit was with my friends in early 2015 during a blizzard. The brewery looked beautiful under the coating of snow. Our group went on a pretty fun tour and had five complimentary samples before heading out. I remember we had strong aversions to the Commonwealth Ciders but preferred the seasonal beers available, including Harvest from the Hood and Winter Wunder.

Their flagship beers can be found all around the city, so I wouldn't go out of my way to try a Kenzinger or Walt Wit here. I did buy two bottles that visit (Joe and the Schwarzinger), and wasn't a fan of either one. I even had the beer they created for the Electric Factory at a concert and really wish I had not.

On a positive note, I did try the Holy Wooder at a bar last fall and that one was incredible. By far, my favorite from this brewery!

More recently, I visited the tasting room again as part of a Yelp UYE. You now have to pay $10 for the five samples, which is fair, and you keep your glass. I'd rather pay less without a glass, but that's not an option at this point. I didn't take a tour.

My beers were yet again pretty mediocre, but I did like the Commonwealth Ciders much better this time around. The raspberry one was especially nice. I also liked the Broken Bell DIPA, which was surprising since it's not my preferred style.

When I was ready for my last taste, I was torn between re-trying the ginger cider or the Fleur de Lehigh. I asked the bartender for advice and she looked so annoyed, even though they weren't that busy right then. She told me it depended on whether or not I wanted a cider or beer. I knew that -- I'm not stupid -- but I was asking for a personal opinion. I ended up trying the Lehigh again, and I can say I'm still not a fan of it.

The tasting room is a good spot to hang out with a large group, but I'm really not itching to return. I'm keeping an open mind, but right now the competition wins out.
A cold snowy day ... what better day to discover a cold brew in Philly!

So with my future son-in-law in tow we headed down the highway with visions of hops in our head.  Crossing the bridge into the Kensington section of City of Brotherly Love you can't help but get a sense of neighborhood.  There amidst the building boom of townhouses and upscale homes was this historic brick building emitting trace aromas of grain being processed into something very special.

Dusting the snow off our shoes we entered the small souvenir shop but the keeper knew from our eyes that we were here for beer.  After all, we had just driven an hour to get here so why wait ... he pointed to the stairs.

The tasting room transitions you back to a party room of the 50's or 60's ... a true sense of Philly kitsch!  The lighting; the tables; and the groupings of people sipping their brew.  We stepped up reaching for our wallets to pay for our flights.

The barkeep smiled and said, "Samples are free ... pick your five choices."  Wait, free?  Who had slipped the keep a fin to pay our way?  Truth be known, the beer tour experience at the Philadelphia Brewing Company is free because they have figured it out that if you sample some really good beer you are going to walk out with a case or two in your arms.

The tour is conducted by a funny and knowledgeable gent who knows his beer and has a passion for the beers of the Philadelphia Brewing Company.  It is clear that these folks want to produce beer that is fresh, unique, and that samplers will buy time after time.  He even lets you in on some secrets of the trade after the tour in quiet whispers (And, no ... I can't share them because after all ... they were secrets.).

The two of us sampled eight different beers and agreed that the KENZINGER was definitely coming home.  It had a fresh flavor that definitely encouraged us to drink it sooner than later.  The Joe Coffee Porter was another favorite of mine since I do love my coffee and this beer gave just enough coffee taste to treat the taste buds without being heavy or overwhelming.  We also enjoyed their Pennsylvania Pale Ale, the Walk Wit Belgian White and the Newbold IPA.

They have these Saturday afternoon tours and FREE tastings every Saturday.  We turned to each other and agreed that maybe it would be worth moving to Philly so that on a hot summer afternoon we could head over to the Philadelphia Brewing Company for a few free brews in the company of some great people!
Update: I might have been a bit harsh on my first review.  In mainstream company I wouldn't be the least bit ashamed to show up with an assorted case of PBC.  They've ironed out some edges and their stuff is far tastier/fresher than -marketed, internationally acclaimed swill.  Far from the most exciting brewery the area or even Philly itself has to offer, buuuuut it IS found everywhere around the city.  

Nathan on tap?  
Pay tres for a pull.  
Open bar during Khyber's Sunday speshul.



5-21-2008
The Kenzinger is bland.  A thirst quencher at best.  Something to appease the underdeveloped palettes of the world.

The Newbold IPA is a step in the right direction (I must confess I am a hophead so this shouldn't strike as odd) but really doesn't have any bright attributes that a good IPA should.

The Walt Wit, while not offensive, lacks the texture and qualities that make a great white great.  

The Rowhouse Red is the only brew that really stood out to me at all.  Unfortunately I ordered it deep in the night of the South Philly Bar Crawl during Philly Beer Week and I'm afraid I don't exactly recall what I found special.  Nevertheless the fact that it made an impression on my malt/hops/yeast/water soaked neurons makes me confident that there was something to be had here.  

I'm trying to go easy on them as they'll hopefully tweak and work out the wrinkles in their recipes.  That being said we sell the SHIT out of this stuff.  It's cool that people are loyal to the Bartons and I'd love to support them as well, but they're going to have to step it up if they want their suds on my 'buds.
Philadelphia Brewing Company was fun brewery to visit! They have bar upstairs and downstairs; they offer free tours and have a good sampler option. 

We arrived 2 hours prior to closing and started our tasting options. 5 beers of ciders for $10 and you get a souvenir tasting glass. Our guide was very enthusiastic and new to the company. Some of the questions he didn't have an answer to, but it's ok. You are at a brewery. 

Between the five of us, we paid for 4 tastings. So I got to try all the ciders and all of the beers. The beer was definitely better than the ciders. The ciders were dry but lacked complexities. The black cherry cider was a little sweet. The razzberet tart needed some sweetness to balance out the dry tart taste. The best cider was the gregarious ginger- I loved the punch of ginger in the cider. For my friends though, it was too spicy. 

I liked the Shackamaximum (Imperial stout aged on French oak) and the Youth in Asia (Imperial IPA with rice and srachi ace hops) the best. The Youth in Asia was mildly hoppy with rice sweetness to it. The Shackamaximum tasted like coffee beer. 

All in all, it was a fun time!
Free tour and free beers on Saturdays from noon until 3. Need I say more?

Probably not, but I will. The beers are great, the building is gorgeous, and a friend told me you can even bring in your own food while drinking there. The tour guide knew his stuff, and the atmosphere was nice...just a few people enjoying their Saturday while sipping on fine local brews.

Plus, they have a cat, and nice bathrooms. That pushed the PBC to full 5-star status.
I lived across the street from this Brewery.

I smelled the delicious wort aroma on brewing days.

I took the tour. I drank lots of free been in their tasting room.

This is a great brewery. I am glad we've so many options in this neighborhood.

Try: Kenzinger, Fleur de Lehigh, and Shackamaximum Stout.
when I read the reviews of Philadelphia Brewing Company, and the Kenzinger especially, I was hoping that people where overreacting. But In the end I have to echo them and say that the Kenzinger might just be the worst Pennsylvania beer I've ever had.

The first time I tried it was during the Rittenhouse Row Festival, and it came out of a keg from the Devil's Alley booth. So when it tasted off I just thought it was a keg fluke on a warm day. But during the second time I tried it at National Mechanics I was sensing the metallic pee (I see a band name) taste that Nate was describing. I've had the misfortune of having warm PBR before (something I don't overly recommend) and I have to say that the Kenzinger was pretty similar. But the PBR has an advantage since $3 usually gets you 1/2 a six pack at a store, or an additional shot from most bars like Tritone.

Philadelphia Brewing Company is still a pretty new brewer, even though it used to be 1/2 of the Yards crew. and I'm sure a lot of the other beers are better (The Walt Whit and Rowhouse Red sound awesome!). But if they plan on making the Kenzinger their staple beer at most bars they really need to tweak it up a notch.

Update - I finally got to grab a Rowhouse Red at Skinners on Friday and it definitely rocked my socks off. very recommended.
I dont care who I offend. The Kenzinger taste like all of Kensington pee'd in it. Bleagh!
One of my favorite things to do when I travel is visit breweries.  I've been to more breweries than I can count.  And it was a damn shame that I hadn't visited one of the breweries that was a short subway ride from my home.  So of course I had to rectify this situation with a visit to PBC.

To warn you, the walk from the subway station is a bit sketchy- good thing the tours are only given from 12-3 on Saturdays.  Once you are there, you find yourself in this awesome tasting room, with plenty of seating and plenty of space around the bar for tasting.  What a great space- it's no wonder that as the afternoon progresses, you see more and more people hanging out.

The tour itself is one of the better brewery tours I've been on.  It's informative without being overkill and entertaining without feeling like an amateur night at Helium.  If you are lucky, you can catch them while they are bottling a batch of beer and can try some straight off the assembly line!

After the tour, you are given a decent sized sample of ALL their beers!  I think it was somewhere between 6 or 8 samples.  I couldn't even finish all mine because I was getting too tipsy. And best of all, it's all free!

PBC is an awesome place to visit, especially if you've only ever tried Kenzinger or Walt Wit, because it's always a great feeling to support your local craft breweries.  I highly recommend checking it out for yourself!
I'm not going to lie, it's pretty tough to get less than 4 stars from me when your establishment gives me free beer on a Saturday afternoon. But what pushed the free tour and tasting from Philly Brewing Company up to 5 stars? The ability to try each and every beer they have on tap. Plus, the staff is really friendly and is happy to answer questions or just talk to you about beer in general. 

The tour itself was pretty standard -- ingredients in beer, bottling, distribution. I was kind of bummed that the line wasn't running that day. But that just means I will have to return!

I loved the chance to try all of the beer PBC has to offer. I tend to gravitate towards Kenzinger, Joe Porter and Walt Wit but was pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed Rowhouse Red. I left carrying an assorted case and a grinning a huge smile.

This is definitely worth checking out on a Saturday afternoon.
The homebrewer in my loved this tour.

My buddy and I walked up to the very large tasting room.  Unsure of how to proceed, we followed our instincts which led us directly to the bar.  The kind bartender handed us a sheet which listed all of PBC's offerings and put a number 3 on the top right of the page.  She told us that we could sample one of each of the beers on this page and we would be informed, very loudly, when our tour would begin.  It really was that easy.  I began with Kenzinger.

The tour began and we had our sample glasses with us the whole time.  Within a moment or two, I was chewing on the same grain used to make Rowhouse Red.  We went from their grain room to their fermenting room.  I observed the active batch of beer going and the carbon dioxide being expelled by the microorganisms in the tank indicating that they were indeed doing their job.

Next stop, bottling.  During our tour they were doing a run of kenzinger and a few came off the line without caps.  Our tour guide grabbed them off and poured them out for us.  "I'm never gonna waste our beer" he said and we grinned and accepted even more free beer.

I learned a ton about their distribution, where they get their grains and hops and how their operation works.  This is really an awesome weekend day trip and well, there's free beer there both before and after your tour.

You should go.  Soon.
Walt Wit: a passable summer beer.

Kenzinger: icky.

Rowhouse Red: ickier still. Just because you serve it in a goblet and charge more for it doesn't make it good.  Seriously, I wanted to spit it out at first.

Hurry up and brew a stout or porter, PBC!  Maybe I'll be able to upgrade my rating.
I've been to my fair share of breweries and this is probably the best one I've been on. What's to love about it?

1. Tours are free - you just have to make sure you show up on Saturday between 12 and 3, since that's the only time that tours run. There are no tickets, so it is first come, first serve. Our 1:30 ish tour (which lasted about 45 minutes) had about 30 people on it. Our guide (wish I remembered his name) was also very friendly and you could tell he was trying to make it an interactive tour, rather than a spewing facts tour. Plus, this was the first time I got to see beer-bottling in action. For most brewery tours I've been to, I've gone on a weekend, and they typically don't bottle on the weekends. So I'm glad that I finally got the opportunity to see that.

2. Beer tastings are 5 3 oz. samples for $10. They give you a sheet (almost like a punch card) and they'll mark down which ones you've tasted so far.

3. The beers are really great. Whenever I do beer tastings, there's only maybe one or two that I like. But here, I liked pretty much all of them. My favorite was the Fleur de Lehigh (which is a seasonal Spring beer). The Joe Coffee Porter was excellent. I usually don't like coffee porters because they just tend to have a bitter taste, and not much flavor. But this one had a great, fresh coffee flavor.

Tip - be sure to check out their store. If the season is over, you can get some SUPER cheap beer. When I went in April, their Winter Wunder was just $5 for a 12-pack. Probably the only time I wished I lived in Philly so that I can bring a bunch of beer back home.
Excellent hangout spot with lots of character, and tons of room outside, and the beer is solid! Nothing fancy or impressive, but in the best way. Cocktail choices are great too. There's lots to walk around and see in this area and this brewery is a great stop. Service is friendly and helpful.
I feel so proud to have PBC as a local brewery. They offer a nice selection of beers and I love that I can stop by and make custom a variety case. I'm really feeling the Joe Porter right now, and am into their IPA year round. They only lose a star for lacking a great stout. (I can't find the  Shackamaximum Stout at all, anywhere, and wonder if it was just an urban legend). 

Their commitment to supporting local businesses in the community is admirable and I'm looking forward to trying their Harvest from the Hood, made with hops grown at Greensgrow! I heard it's on tap at El Camino right now, so I plan on getting some soon.

Also, niceness goes a long way in my book, and these dudes are really really sweet. Like, kind and polite people that I'd bring home to my mom.  Instead I just brought her home a case of Walt Whit, cause she loves that stuff.
They're practically my neighbors and of course I take advantage of their weekly Saturday afternoon tasting, whenever I can.

I too had some not perfect experiences with some of the new brews except the Walt Whit, that's been great from the start.

The good news is they've definitely tweaked the Kenzinger and the rowhouse red.  They're both great beers now.  
Their first seasonal "fleur de lehigh" is spicy and I like it.  It reminds me of the days of the Spruce ale, by Yards.  It's a bit spicier though and I enjoyed a couple pints at Memphis Tap Room to give it a good try and am glad I stuck with it.  After the first half of the first pint, it hit home.

I expect PBC's beers to continue to improve as they go.
I'm a little teary eyed about the Fleur de Lehigh's absense from many pubs now that it's no longer in season.  Somehow I missed it when it first appeared, and now I crave it's delishness in the steamy summer months!  It seems that the Kenzinger got the hype and was/is on tap in virtually every bar in Philly. 

Sorry, but personally, I'm not down with the Kenzinger.  We're not homies, me and the Kenzinger.  I think it makes me an angry drunk.  That, and it has a funny relationship with my innards.

'Nuf said.
I had two objectives for my trip to Philadelphia: run the half marathon and drink lots of beer.  I happily accomplished both. 

If you are a beer lover, the Philadelphia Brewing company is worth checking out.  You get a tour of the brewery as well as six free tasters in the tasting room.  

So seriously, go and give this place a try!
My friends and I had a great time the other day at Philadelphia Brewing Company! On Saturdays, they offer tours from noon-3pm. We got here just before 3 because the blizzard-like conditions slowed us down, and we were worried they wouldn't let us on the tour. Thankfully, that wasn't the case (I think they were running a little behind because of the snow, too, because our tour started a little after 3). Before our tour, we were able to sample several of their beers in the Tasting Room (for free!). The bartender gives you a paper with a list of the beers they have on tap, and they let you have a small glass of each of them. We were able to sample 6, but two of them were ciders. They let you buy pints as well.

The tour: I've been on a bunch of brewery tours now, so I feel like they're mostly all the same, but I did have fun on this one. Our tour guide had a good sense of humor, and he was able to to answer all of the tricky questions that the beer-know-it-alls threw at him. 

The beer: My favorites were the Winter Wunder (winter warmer) and the Harvest from the Hood (IPA). The Kenzinger is ok. I'm not a fan of the Walt Wit, but that's probably because I really dislike witbiers. I also wasn't a big fan of the ciders -- the traditional was too sour for me, and the ginger cider had way too much ginger in it and was hard to drink. Don't forget to buy a 6 pack of your favorites on the way out. They're only $10! They also have more selection than what is available in the tasting room. I picked up some Winter Wunders and some Harvest from the Hood but also got a Newbold IPA and a Pennsylvania Pale Ale.

The venue: The Tasting Room itself is pretty nice. It's a big space, and I could see myself coming here for a few beers sometime. There was a good crowd, considering the snow. The Tasting Room is only supposed to stay open until 3 on Saturdays, but it was still open after our tour. I don't think that's the norm, though, so you have to come here for day drinking.
I have been to the Philadelphia Brewing Company facilities twice, and each time I have had fun. The tour is a little on the long side if you just want a simple over view of how the beer is made, but if you're a big eer buff who enjoys not only learning how the beer is brewed, but also the history of the brewing company, that this is for you! While a little off the beaten path (but not too bad if you're going to take Septa), the building is unasuming, and in fact it feels like you're walking into a place you're not supposed to be!

The highlight of visiting the brewing company, however, is the bar/large hall that they have for visitors to taste the beer. The room is absolutely beautiful! It makes you feel as if you are in an old barn. When the weather is just right, they open the big barn sized windows and the breeze is perfect! While I'm not a big fan of all the beers, the Kenzinger, Walt Whit and the Fleur de Lehigh just hit the spot! In fact, I want to go back soon so that I can have another round (or two!) of the Lehigh before it goes out of season! I had it at McGillans the other day and it just wasn't the same...

Also, don't forget...its a BYOF! That's right, bring your own food! So grab a bunch of friends and some grub and head on down to tour and taste! It's a lot of fun and totally worth it!
I'm not a drinker. I rarely, rarely drink. But I surprised my boyfriend, a beer fan, on a Saturday morning, with a trip to PBC. We found the entrance very easily, because we read the website that gives clear directions on how to get inside, and the tour was okay. The guide was a little snarky, but that's okay. 

When you show up for a tour, you get a tiny glass for free samples of their beers. FREE SAMPLES! I love free samples, especially when they're, essentially, unlimited, and of somethign that you actually want - not, like, stale cheese cubes at Costco. You take a tour, get to sample a little barley, and stop periodically for more free samples. We went on a quiet, slightly grey & damp Saturday in September. It was lovely.

I enjoyed the Byberry - a berry blend. The coffee beer, Joe, was okay too. I highly, highly reccomend the Saturday tours. It's a great activity.
Free tour! Free beer tasting! Why not go!?

Our tour guide was informative, entertaining, and funny. At the end, you even get to try what beer tastes like right off the belt! Cool and crisp.
Friendly staff but we didn't really like any of the cider options they had. Can't really knock them completely on that. The atmosphere was nice and clean, heaters were a plus on a really cold day. Definitely feel like I would've appreciated this place more in a pre-pandemic time.
Free samples of all on draft. Free tours. Friendly staff and clean restrooms. Bar has purse hooks! Bonus! The ladies know what I'm talking about. On to the Brews I sampled 

Kenzinger beer: crisp lager type beer. 4 pints. Not too bitter not too sweet. 
Walt wit: Belgian white. Subtle grapefruit and spice. 3 pints. Could use an orange or lemon slice. 
Rowhouse red: toasted finish. Not bitter or heavy. Like a killians. 4 pints. 
Joe coffee porter: coffee infused porter. 5 pints for this coffee loving chikadee. 
Winter winded: seasonal holiday spiced beer. Too much going on with the sugar and spices imo. 1 pint. 
Shackmaxium stout: think Guinness but creamier and sweeter, but not a sweet beer. Just sweet compared to the grandaddy of stouts. 4 pints. 
Very nice. 

There's a Pennsylvania ipa and a newbold ipa that I didn't try. I don't like ipas.
The International Beer Run held the week of the Craft Brewers Conference brought me back to Philadelphia Brewing Company after almost half a decade. 

To be honest, I'm not the biggest fan of their staple beers that tend to make the rounds throughout the city. I don't dislike them, but tend to find them to be not overly complex.  

The facility is fantastic. I could have spent a lot more time in the tasting room on the second floor. It was spacious and inviting. The bartenders also handled a large crowd of beer thirsty folks very well. The woman working the gift shop was also really friendly and nice.

I like that it's one of the earlier breweries in Philly. I don't like that it's kind of in the middle of nowhere, at least when compared to center city. 

There's just something to be said about being in a nice brewery atmosphere. Distance and whatnot aside, I hope I pay them a visit sooner this time around.
Came here with my sister and her SO for a tour.  I live just blocks away and I am ashamed it took me so long to get here.  My hubby was working and I want to take him for a tour as I totally wont mind going again.

The tour guide was friendly, informative and funny.  You walked through the entire facility and got a chance to see the process from start to finish.  There is a large tasting room where you are given a chance to taste each brew they have on tap.  You are given a small menu describing each beer and the bartender just marks each beer off as you sample it.  We had a few before the tour and finished our list after the tour.  

Since it was just a day after my birthday, my sister brought in a small cake after the tour was open - so I am guessing they are ok with you brining in food as long as you don't make a mess.

Added bonus is that you can mix and match your own case on your way out!   I loved some of the beers and some of the beers were just ok - but then again there is something for everyone.  Just because I didn't like it doesn't mean you won't!

PS the tour is free, but please tip the bartender!
More, even, than Phila. Brew. Co.'s actual beers, I'm a fan of the brewery tour you can get up in Kensington.  We went on a Saturday afternoon and found the tasting room full of people waiting to hear how beer in Philly is made.  The tour guide was fantastic, with a lot of historical knowledge about the brewing tradition in Philly.  He had good answers for the brewery novices in the group and also for the seasoned home brewer know-it-alls.  After the tour, we went back to the tasting room and sat around sampling beers.  Even though PBC's beers aren't my favorite in town, it all made for a really enjoyable afternoon.  We left with a case, just for good measure.  Besides, I love a company that's trying to do something good for Philly.
I'm not much of a beer gal but I do love breweries. PBC is probably my favorite brewery ever because they also do cider, which if you know me, is my thing! 

Before the tour commenced, we were given a tasting sheet and got to sample several of their beers and 2 ciders. Once there was about 20 people, the tours started.

Tours are free, last about 20mns and is awesome. The brewery is small and the guy keeps it simple. What makes this place stand out to me is that we got see the bottling downstairs. Not only that, the guy grabbed two bottles from the assembly line and opened them up for us to taste. Best part of this was that it was CIDER! I pretty much wet my pants with glee. 

The gift shop is small but they have a great selection. You can mix and match beer and cider in a six pack. I couldn' help but stock up on their 3 varieties of cider! The tasting and tour doesn't come with a glass you can take home so grab one of their cool pint glasses - duh, I bought the cider one.

Although this brewery is outside of city center, a quick SEPTA train ride and 20mn walk leads you to this little heaven. If you're hungry, the Pizza Brain (a pizza spot with pizza-themed memorabilia) is nearby. 

Just go, dammit.
5 stars for the awesome, FREE, brewery tour on Saturdays (12-3)
5 stars for the make-your-own /mix-and-match cases
5 stars for the Gregarious Ginger Commonweath Cider (I seriously buy more of this than anyone else in Philly... #1 fan, no shame)

3 stars for this bit of information... which is my only gripe... A 6 pack of the amazing Kenzolantern will run you $15 from PBC but if you head over the bridge to Roger Wilco in Pennsauken they sell it for 8.99. Why is it $6 more to buy direct from PBC? Wah. Even with a $2 Tacony Palmyra Bridge toll, the Kenzolantern is still cheaper in NJ.

Anyway this place rocks, 4 and a half stars. Really cool that PBC is expanding their reach and making their products available in NJ, I just don't understand the weird pricing gap.
In a word: Awesome.

I'm a NYer who was in town for the Broad Street Run and stayed with a friend not too far from the brewing company.  Since I'm a novice home brewer, he took my wife and I to Philadelphia Brewing Company to a tasting and a tour.

This place starts you off with a free tasting of all their current offerings, which at the time of this writing was 6 brews: Kenzinger, Newbold, Penn Pale Ale, Fleur de LeHigh, Walt Wit and Rowhouse Red.

My favorites were the Newbold, Walt Wit and Fleur de LeHigh.

We then had a tour with David, a VERY knowledgeable and easy going tour guide.  It was great to see the actual fermenters, shipping area and bottling areas.  When asked, "Is the beer coming off the line cold?" he responded, "Let's find out!" and pulled 2 Newbold off the line, literally 2sec after it was bottled and labeled.  Not only was it cold, but it was good!

So I'd recommend this place pretty much anytime, but especially if it's a nice day outside.  Their tasting area on the second floor is set up nicely, looks great and is very relaxing to have an afternoon of tasting.  not to mention all the staff were pleasant and eager to help.

I went home with a mixed case (of my choosing) for $26.
What a fun daytime date.  The Philadelphia Brewing Company has FREE tours on Saturdays from 12pm-3pm and FREE BEER during your experience!  You literally cannot buy a beer and drink it there, it has to be free.  This is due to them not having the license to serve and sell since they're just a brewery, not a brewpub.  Keep that in mind when you go so that you're not upset when you can't get slammered.  If you really do want to get slammered, just cross the street and drink their beers on tap at a legitimate pay as you go bar.

The tour was short but informative and our guide was funny.  We drank ciders straight off the bottling line, which is a rare treat.  Kenzinger is a classic, but my favorite is the Walt Whit - a cloudy Belgian style beer.  Growlers are on sale to keep for $5 and between $9-$15 to fill.  We filled one of Harvest from the Hood which is a wet hopped ale featuring hops grown right in Philadelphia - who knew!?  That cost us $15, but it was one of their tastiest on tap.  

You gotta love the no-nonsense feel of this Kensington Brewery.  Featuring a huge sitting area, I hope that they eventually have the opportunity to have event space and licensing...the open beams and dangling lights are just begging for a laid back wedding or party.  Thanks for the fun Saturday!
I recently went to Philadelphia Brewing Company (PBC) for a FREE tour & tasting with some friends. This place is AMAZING! Really do wish I had found this place sooner! 

When you enter PBC, you're in the store "gift shop" area where you can buy beer, shirts, pint glasses, growlers, etc. From here, head straight upstairs to the tasting room where all the magic begins at the bar. The tasting room is a huge loft area with the large bar at the back of the room, and tables & chairs all around to sit & relax. With the free tasting, you're able to sample 6 beers/ales. The Walt Whit beer was my favorite. Food is not served, but I did see a group of people at a table sharing a pizza, so I suppose you can bring your own if you're going to hang out for a while.

In the middle of our tasting, our tour began, so we brought our glasses with us for the tour. Our tour guy, Rob, was very informative, and funny. Not only did we learn about PBC's brewing process, but we got a brief history lesson as well on the history of beer in Philadelphia.

PBC is the ideal local business you want to support. They take pride in their product, value quality, freshness & cost, and support the community. A few things I learned, PBC 
self-distributes their product to keep costs low for us, the customers. They buy their beer back from stores if its been on their shelves too long, because they don't want anyone purchasing a bad beer. They use local fresh ingredients, even growing hops in local neighborhood gardens. They host community events in their building, allowing civic & neighborhood associations meet. 

This is a must do in Philadelphia! Free tours & tastings are only offered Saturdays 12pm-3pm.
It's doesn't get better than PBC! This local institution has it all.... tasting room, brewery cat, and a Working Cat IPA!

PBC is super local so we spend a lot of time here pre- and post-pandemic.  Let's talk about pre-pandemic first: great selection of beers, plenty of 6-packs and cases available for takeout, a cozy fireplace with a great board game selection, and the peacock garden across the street for nice days!

Post-pandemic we've still got the beers, takeout, and peacock garden. Plus, they amped up the garden experience by adding several tables and an outdoor tap hut. Weekends feature a food truck right in the parking lot, and you can always BYO food.
I really really really want to like my local brewery. But honestly, their beer in not very good. It trends to be too bitter, too carbonated and just generally thin and one-dimensional. That makes me sad. I like the Walt Wit okay, but less than other wits. I guess they got the building but Yards got the know-how. Try harder, guys. And I'll keep trying your beers. (Fleur de Lehigh is fun for a round, that's a start).
Five stars for the Walt Wit.  Oh my lord.  That is a wonderful, wonderful beer.  'Nuff said.
The beer:

I wouldn't say they're my favorite regional brews but I thoroughly enjoy Kenzinger, Fleur De Lehigh and Joe. I'm pretty sure Kenzinger is the cheapest regional beer on tap at most Philadelphia bars, making it a great homegrown alternative to the cheap mass-produced stuff. 
----------------------------------
The business:

Been to the brewery a bunch of times, always got great service from the friendly staff. It's a pretty cool building and I would definitely recommend you stop by on a Saturday afternoon and take the tour! Sample the brews for free in their spacious bar area before/after the tour and figure out what you like (and don't like). I appreciate that PBC is involved in the community and supports stuff like the bicycle sculpture derby. PBC is a down-to-earth business providing affordable brews to our fine city. Support your neighborhood breweries!
Did a 5 beer flight at the Peacock room also known as their downstairs bar. For $10 you can try any of their beers and ciders and get to keep a souvenir glass. It's a great experience and highly recommended!
Ok, the free tour and tasting was fantastic,and the beer is also one of my favorites,really tasty. Harvest from the Hood was really good and I purchased a case. I can't wait to have friends over to share it with..
The free tours and tastings on Saturdays are BOSS

....I love the Walt Wit!
Went to the PBC around noon for the tour and beer tasting. We went right up to the bar and the bartender gave us each  a list of what was on tap and we were aloud to have a sample of each! Generous samples of probably 4-5 ounces each, and lucky us there were 8 beers on tap for us to try! We even had the chance to try the new Engine 1892 Market Stout to commemorate the 120th anniversary of the Reading Terminal Market. All of the beers names have something to do with Philadelphia. 

The tour was pretty standard, they let us bring our beers with us, the plus side was that they pulled a few bottles right off the bottling line and poured it right into our glasses! So delish and fresh! After the tour we went back upstairs to finish our tasting and after about another hour there, went downstairs and bought some bottles. I picked out the Shackamaximum and the ne Kilty Pleasure, cant wait to try them! A wonderful few hours there, not too crowded, and great beer!
I recently spent a Saturday afternoon at the PBC with some good company and it was a very enjoyable experience. The tasting room is casual and rustic and large enough to host many a taster and tourist without feeling cramped. 

For the beer tasting itself we were each given a few ounces of up to 4 different beers, all of which were tasty and different from one another. We also sampled some Ciders which I was less impressed with, but I am not a fan of cider in general. I was previously familiar with the Kenzinger and Walt Wit, but the Philadelphia Pale Ale and the Joe Coffee Porter are strong entries as well. 

As for the tour, our party of 4 was grouped with maybe another 10 happy customers and took a short and informative tour of the brewery itself with a friendly and knowledgeable guide. 

This beer is very reasonably priced for the quality, for reasons explained on the tour. We ended up leaving with a couple cases, a growler and smiles on our faces.
If you are going to go visit one brewery in Philly, make PBC it. Free tours and samples of the 5-6 beers they have on tap. Tour guide was funny and informative and grabbed beer off the bottling line for us to try. Delicious!
Recently did the free tour and tasting with a group of friends. It was a great time! Informative and fun ... highly recommended. I have not found a brew these guys make that I do not like ... but I have found quite a few that I LOVE.
Deliciousness at its finest! Above average bar food and an amazing beer list makes me actually want to go to Old City!
Whether your from Philly or just visiting, taking a tour of Philadelphia Brewing Company is a must! Im a huge fan of their brews, so taking the tour was a treat for me. The tour guide was a lot fun. Very informative and made a lot jokes. He was also open to questions and didn't give off that "beer snob" vibe. 

The tasting room is where you hang out before and after your tour & get to sample their beers. Of course everything is free! Walt Whit is my favorite beer from PBC. The space is huge so there is plenty of room to mingle. There is a good mix of tourists and Philly natives. 

I highly recommend taking the tour. I'm from Philly and plan to go back soon just to hang out and get to taste some of their seasonal brews!
This place is awesome for the tours.

Tours are free and comes with free samples. A lot of free samples. 6 tastes in all. The tour is self is pretty lengthy and educational. Seems like everyone who works there is eager to talk about beer and are very friendly.

If you have a Saturday with a couple hours to kill, this place is worth the visit.

And free beer.
Hubby and I checked out the brewery tour this past Sunday, and it was really enjoyable.

Tours run on Sundays from 12-3. We arrived around 2:30, worried that we may be too late. Luckily, the last tour started at 3 so we had plenty of time.

When we walked in the door, we entered through the retail section. We then headed up a set of stairs into the pretty huge tasting room. It was pretty hot in there considering it was 90+ degrees outside, but there was a gigantic fan in the window offering us some relief. When we walked up to the bar, a very friendly bartender handed us a tasting sheet. On that is a list of all of the beers they have, and you get to have a tasting portion of each one. Each beer that Philadelphia Brewing Co makes is really unique and of course delicious, including a raspberry hard cider that was not sweet at all but uniquely dry, almost like a champagne.

We really enjoyed the tour too. Our tour guide was very informative and funny, and even snuck in some history for us. In a nutshell, PBC is a socially conscious brewery that cares not only about the ingredients that go into their product but also the community around them. 

After the tour, we were led back into the tasting room to finish up our tasting sheets. I loved how mellow and laid back all of the employees were about not kicking us out and giving us plenty of time to enjoy our experience. I also really liked how all of their cases available for purchase are mix & match, so you can fully customize your purchase. They also sell growlers, t-shirts, pint glasses and some super rad "Kenzinger" bibs for babies.

This was a really great time, and I will definitely be back!
I haven't been here but I think it's not fair of Doreen L to give them 1 star just because she coudln't find the entrance.  You can't just review someplace you have never been!
Philly Brewing Co.'s beer is not mind-blowing, but they have some very quaffable beers and some above average offerings (The Joe Porter for example).  However, I did really enjoy the tour/tasting.  The building is big and feels historic with its nice brick facade, etc.  The tasting room is pretty with nice shiny wood and local art hung about.  They give you a list of all of their beers and let your sample one of each for free.  The tour itself included a bit of Philly brewing history which was really excellent.  If you have to choose between touring Philly Brewing and Yards I'd give the edge to Philly for all of these reasons.
Pros: 
- free parking
- free brewery tour
- free tasting of 5 beers
- interesting space/ decor
- distillery next door (in the parking lot) that you c an go to for a free tasting 
- the tour guide was animated and funny 

Cons:
- the staff is not very friendly (other than the tour guide)
- I didn't hear the staff talking about different types of beers or what they would recommend
Perfect place for you beer geeks.  The upstairs is a cool bar area, tables, cats laying around (they live in the brewery) and a bar - of course- very relaxed place.  The tour is informative and laid back.  Before the tour starts you get a sampler sheet with PBC's 5 year rounds and a seasonal.  The sample glass is actually a good size.  You will have a buzz by the time you walk out.  You can buy a case of beer in the little shop area... I got a variety case with 5 different brews and a Kenzinger pint glass for ...under $30.  That's a great deal.  Highly recommend a journey to PBC.
If you are willing to hop on Septa and go a bit out of your way, I highly suggest you come here.

Breweries are always fun to visit.  Some are lame and just have a tasting room, while others such as the Philadelphia Brewing Company offer not only a tasting but also a full tour of the brewery.  While we waited for a group to form, we did our tasting.  The beers were pretty good and the ciders were amazing.  The tasting room is also huge and has a brewery kitty.  

The tour was led by a guide that was funny and intelligent.  Tours are FREE and last less than a half hour but in that short period of time, they pack in a lot of information on the brewery's history and the beer and ciders they make.  Downstairs we got to see the bottling, which was amazing to see up close and personal.  They were bottling cider so of course Julia tried some.  They actually popped open a fresh bottle for us to all try.

The tour, as always, leaves you in the gift shop.  While not big, they have a large selection of glassware, t-shirts, and other knick-knacks to remind you of your visit. The glasses were only $2.50 each and the shirts were about $12.  They also have a parking lot across the street if you want to drive but Septa is a 20 minute walk and on a nice day that's nothing.  Come here.
This is such a fun place to be on a Saturday afternoon.  You can chill in the tasting room, where they are pretty generous with samples, and then take a tour of the brewery.  (And then maybe head back to the tasting room...)  This tour is probably the most involved and detailed tour I have had at a brewery and they managed to make it interesting the whole time!  The people who work there clearly enjoy their jobs and highly regard the products they produce.  Oh, and they have a pig tank!

In terms of the beers, I very much enjoy their more unique brews, such as Fleur de Lehigh and Joe Coffee Porter.  

If you are ever looking to sample and the brewery is closed, just go across the street to Atlantis.  They have all PBC on tap.
I always recommend this brewery to anyone from out of town looking for a brewery tour. Atmosphere is so cool in the tasting room. They have a couple really solid beers and ciders, but the tour and atmosphere make it worth the visit. Much more of a local feel then Yards. Coolest part of the tour is being able to grab a beer right off of the bottling line.
This is Kim. I am very disappointed with the way things have turned. In the past, there were free tours and additional samples on the tour. Now! We went from 0-$10. And! Better yet, the bartenders will sh*t talk on you for asking for a beer before the tour (cough, man bartender, cough) instead of the usually happy excited hype of more beer the better before a tour. This is a turning into just another commercial business in Philadelphia not caring about it's local patrons. Good in your visits here. You may need to pre game before you come. Good luck .
Had a really nice time here. Showed up promptly at noon for a free tour, which was fun and informative. It took about 20 min. The tasting was $10  for 5 generously sized tasting glasses (and the glass is yours to keep). Hubby enjoyed all of the beers; I liked the ciders (less sugar than normal and on the dry side). The Dr. Physick's Black Cherry soda is crack in a bottle. OMG- so good! The building is steeped in history and retains much of its original character. Bathrooms were immaculately clean. A large (and free) parking lot is across the street. In that lot is also a separately owned distillery, for those that can handle mixing their alcohol types...which is not me. The retail shop houses clothing, glassware and mix and match beer options (6 pk, 12 pk or case) at pretty reasonable prices.
Wow! Free tastings and tour! Generous samples. Nice people fabulous old building! Clean old bathrooms. Picked up a six pack of their IPA. Cut outs for picture taking. 
Definitely add to your brewery tour!
Another 5-star gig in my neighborhood.  Call me old-fashioned but you frequent your local bar, root for your local team, and definitely patronize your local brewery.  In this case, they have enough choices to keep everyone happy (try the Winter Wunder, it tastes like Christmas).

Say what you want about the product but Kenzinger is a decent beer.  Granted, it may not be the finest beer you've ever had but it's made locally and that counts for something.  Unless your work entails tasting beers at Monk's, there's no reason why you would hate PBC (plus I'm sure all the reviewers here have sampled the stuff that comes out of St. Louis). 

As it relates to the tour, it was great as you sit in a giant beer hall for an hour sampling free beer and then go on a 30 minute tour that covers how beer is made, Philly's beer history, and even some sampling of barley (true story).  The tour and sampling made my weekend.
Finally saw the insides of the Phila Brewing Company for their annual holiday open house. Had a great time sampling brews including the specialties not available on tap. The space is gorgeous and airy with polished wood and high ceilings to accommodate brewing vats.

I looked at the list of their bottled beers and realized I was a frequent flyer with many of them: Kenzinger, Newboldt, Phila Pale Ale. The Holiday party was pretty incredible and had a small town feel to it. Definitely going to make it to the next one.
Spent a weekend in Philly and visited every downtown brewery. This was probably my favorite experience. A little off the beaten path, but a I enjoyed the character of the place. In a super old building, eccentric & lovable bartenders, solid beers. Good times. Drink local!
The ambiance of this place was just right as they offer an awesome outdoor seating area with cute string lights and plenty of plants to spice up the space. 

During lunchtime on a Thursday, my three roommates decided to ride our bikes to the brewery to grab a quick drink since it was a beautiful day out. The brewery offers plenty of outdoor picnic tables and follows strict Covid guidelines which we were happy to see. I ordered a raspberry cider, Chris got the blackberry cider which only came bottled and Julia ordered the pale ale. If you end up stopping here, try to come a little hungry since they make you order food with your drinks. Lucky for us they offer a pop-tart as a "meal" to purchase for about two dollars if you're not up for purchasing real food. I would love to return once Covid ends to experience their indoor bar area which is unfortunately closed at the moment. This place is definitely on the more affordable side and they are dog-friendly (who doesn't love that).
New to Philadelphia so this was one of the places recommended by several internet sources, gotta say very delightful. Dim lighting, soft music from a live band in the background, and even better beer made in house. The ambiance was just right. Super friendly bartender, she was helpful in describing the different types of beers and helping me find the right one. Their Walt Wit Belgian Ale, and Joe Coffee Porter are easily my favorites. Can't wait to go back and see what The Peacock Room has to offer me!
My girlfriend and I recently went to Philadelphia on a 4-day sight-seeing tour. We're both teachers, but I also work for a craft brewery part-time and craft beer is one of my passions. The assistant brewmaster that works with me used to work at this brewery, so he told me to check them out while I was in town. We showed up for the first tour of the day on a Saturday. The tasting room seemed pretty cool and they had a nice, diverse selection of beers on tap that day. They even had some ciders too. The tour was pretty informative as well. Philadelphia Brewing Company had a pretty similar set-up to the brewery that I work for in Connecticut. My favorite beer was the Fleur de Lehigh, and the Coffee Joe Porter was a close second. I made myself a mixed six-pack to take back home with me to Connecticut. In all, it was a pretty cool experience that we had there. One thing I noticed is that they don't allow food in the tasting room. I thought that this was a little weird. It wasn't a huge deal, as I didn't try to bring in any food with me anyway, but I would definitely be a little upset if I wanted to.
The woman behind the counter suggested the original cider and I was not disappointed. It was crisp, light, and loved how she filled the freaking cider to the brim!!!
Awesome place! I am moving into the neighborhood and I am so excited because I'll be able to go there whenever I want!! 

They have great deals and opportunities for the community at this place. They have free tours on Saturdays of the brewery. They have tastings and lots of options to just try things before you make a final decision. 

They have growlers and you can take stuff home and they are also a retail space and you can buy bottles/cases to take home which is awesome. 
They have a beautiful front lawn area with outdoor seating, tables, umbrellas and lawn games. 

I really enjoy the variety of beers they offer. There may not be TOnS of options but all of the options are different which is really great!!
Good beer, better people. Despite the negativities of COVID their staff as been super accommodating and outgoing. Friendly as they always are readily available to make recommendations about their newer products.

They're doing a great job of keeping everyone safe. Can't wait till post COVID to enjoy the beer garden again.
Haven't lived in Philadelphia in a few years so I was pleasantly surprised to stumble upon this spot in Kensington. Shows how much the city is transforming. 
Dog friendly space to visit with tons of indoor and out seating. A variety of beers local to Pennsylvania. More partial to cider which they also have on tap. I wasn't that impressed with it. Can't put my finger on it but it just want for me. 
As a whole, I very much enjoy the space. Drinks could've been better but I can see myself coming back.
A must when visiting Philadelphia if only because you can tour the brewery and sample a wide variety of beer for FREE. Yes, that's right, ZERO DOLLARS.  The beer is good and the space is quaint and unique.  It's located in an old, run down industrial section of town which I love.  The brewery is very committed to the community which is the primary reason their tours and tastings are free.

The tour itself is fairly short because it isn't a big facility.  But the tour guides are friendly, fun and knowledgeable.  After the tour continue checking off your tastings sheet to make sure you sample all their offerings (including hard cider).
