It's not Fair! My Daughter goes to Philadelphia periodically for work. She's going next week for work and then the following week going for three days with friends! I wanna go! This review is for my one trip July 17th and 18th In 2013. I had so much fun I want to see more! And I want to show you. 

My daughter ran the Marathon in 2013. She invited friends to come for the day. Naturally, since it was her first marathon, everyone nearby came to show their support and share in the fun. One of her running friends ran too. Since I was coach and President of my daughters fan club I went with her the night before the race. We stayed in a beautiful hotel near all the attractions. In the running world the marathon runners have a high carb meal the night before the race. Her friend said everyone goes to Ralph's traditionally. Ralph prepares for it. The three of us had a scenic view of Philadelphia on the way there and on the way back to the hotel. Pretty cool!  I believe you can read my review on the Yelp Page for Ralph's. Amazing service and food. There's plenty of wonderful food choices in Philadelphia! 

At times when my daughter was busy I went sightseeing alone. I'm posting some of my many photos taken on this visit. I found the city to be easy to navigate on foot and very clean. I really had a good time. My daughter went with me to typical tourist sites like the Liberty Bell etc. 

After the race friends and family met at a British Pub Restaurant that I don't remember the name. It was so delicious. My photos are great of everyone and my daughter with her marathon medal. The marathon was handled excellent by the city. The event went smooth and safe. 

As far as tourist attractions my favorite is the Rocky Statue. I also have the photo of me with Rocky on my profile. I love Philadelphia! I can't wait to return. I have intentions to go every year. Maybe this will be the year I get there!
I never thought about reviewing Philly. I mean I should, there is always something going on, I am always here. I may leave the city, or even the state at times, but my heart will always be here. (Sorry guys I am having a moment here)

  The city known as "Brotherly Love" clearly lives up to its name. I guess to outsiders we may seem harsh, or rude. What do you expect, its called tough love for a reason. We may seem that way to the outsiders, but once you accept and take advantage of what this city can offer you'd understand why.  If we didn't show that kind of "passion" we'd be a city of push overs. 

Okay so we do pay homage to a fictitious character and erected a statue to him, but c'mon he phrased "Hey Yo"  with some other great one liners. We also have some of the best attractions with our museums down to painted murals on  buildings throughout the city. Apparently we have our own slang, our own language where others look confused. Have you seen or better yet have you heard of the Mummers? Yea on New Years day, this is the biggest parade out there. Come sober at 7 am and leave drunk by days end, it's beautiful.

We dedicate one Thursday a month in the summer for the biggest block party ever in Night Market. I call it food truck row where, it is nothing but food trucks overtaking about 4 blocks feeding the masses. Reading Terminal Market , need I explain more to this foodies paradise?  The multicultural scene of South St. where you can find everything to all kinds walking the street. Perfect for people watching if you ask me, hit up one of the local pubs and just take it in. You will eventually end up grabbing a slice at Lorenzo's, even if you know there is better else where.

This is a "Blue Collar"  city, we work for ours, we never think we're entitled to anything, we earn it. Where or what city do you  know of that has a food battle, with cheesesteaks no less? The rivalry between who and where are awesome by the way. I assure you we don't go to the tourists traps, we have our own personal favorites. You know the Pope had his teeth  in a Provo or American wit. I don't think he would have gone with "Wiz" , but I could be wrong. We even crafted a beer in his honor. That's love people ... that's love.   

Our passion for our teams can not be matched, and yes how many times do we need to hear about booing Santa , or the snowballs being thrown. Get over it , that was the past. I will tell you this though, that picture of Concrete Charlie (Chuck Bednarick) looking over a helpless Frank Gifford is priceless. We have the same hate for Dallas as everyone else, basically if you are not within a 50 to 60 mile radius ,we could care less for your team. We are trapped in a corridor between D.C. , NYC, and Bean-town (Boston) where everyone is winning, and we get so close to only get disappointed.  Philly does recover though, yea we'll bitch, but you know what we're not gonna give up.

I can go on more on how this city, an up and coming city which again is a great city. Jay Z thinks so, and no I don't need his approval even if he is HOVA.  I am a 4 for 4 guy where I bleed green along with that I do follow the big 5. Hey its passion, we almost had a parade for Smarty Jones if he would've won the triple crown, this is a horse mind you. We were also saddened when we heard of Barbaro's outcome, which is  another race horse from Philly.  You see it is not only respect  for the people in and around Philly,   we respect the animals too. 

I love this city !
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania's largest city, is notable for its rich history, on display at the Liberty Bell, Independence Hall (where the Declaration of Independence and Constitution were signed) and other American Revolutionary sites. Also iconic are the steps of the Philadelphia Museum of Art, immortalized by Sylvester Stallone's triumphant run in the film "Rocky."

Great place/city to visit and view the monuments and most of all, don't forget there food.
For better or for worse, Philly is MY city.  (No, it is not the 6th Borough of New York City).

The restaurant scene is strong and getting better all the time.
Shopping districts are improving.
Yes, there is still a huge problem with poverty and street crime.

We have come a long way and we will continue to get better.
Ah good o'l Philly!!!! I remember the feeling I got when I first came here years ago, it was so comforting, always reminded me of New York, just smaller. I love the buildings, I love the history, I love the new & old blending together. I love the houses! The little streets, the cobblestone. I've always said IF I ever consider moving out of New York I would live here. The art on the buildings are beautiful, they also have a  mosaic glass garden in the city, beautiful place to look around, great place to take pictures. The waterfront is nice also, great restaurants, just a good vibe....
I am going all in on this one. There are lots of things that I could point out that are just not right about Philadelphia BUT there are a ton of things this city has going for it too. Here is my list of reasons to love on Philly:
1. Historic sites in abundance. Not too many places in the US with so much history.
2. Architecture. Sine of the most fabulous old structures to gaze upon anywhere .
3. Outdoor art museum all over the city. Literally tons of beautiful pieces of work clutters the main thoroughfare .
4. Amish and Mennonite culinary contributions... Sho- fly pie, soft pretzels, great ice cream!
5. Largest collection of Impressionist Art outside of Paris!
6. Mini Champs- élysées copy.
7. Seafood specials!
8. Italian influences.
9. Theaters and music. All around there is a Philly sound.
10. Water ice! Some of the best anywhere. Ritas and many other local flavors
11. Tastykakes... the first packaged cakes anywhere... not Lil' Debbies.
I took my first trip to Philadelphia on February 2nd. I grew up in Rhode Island, and I currently live in Central Jersey. So I figured it was about time.

The city really wasn't what I expected. For starters, the people were super friendly. This came as a surprise, not just because it was Yelp's Philly CMs that took my Elite status away, after three consecutive years of being Elite when I lived in Manhattan. It came as a surprise because these are the people who threw snowballs at Santa Claus for Christ's sake. People held the door for me because I had my baby in a stroller. People helped me with directions. One woman even gave me a whole bunch of suggestions on places to kill time. So, the people were the best part of the trip.

The second best part of the trip was Reading Terminal Market. I'll review that separately.

The third best part of the trip was a little less than I expected. That part was the architecture. The old buildings were gorgeous, but there really wasn't a lot of them.

This brings me to the negatives about the city. Your skyline is an eyesore. I kept waiting for Neo to plug me back into the matrix so that I wouldn't have to look at things like this: http://www.thcphotography.com/slideshow_cache/photos/philadelphia_skyscrapers_5_FULL.500x500.jpg. You have buildings as gorgeous as your city hall and masonic temple, and you blot them out of the sky with buildings that look like they were crapped out by some giant, futuristic glass monster? If you're going to force me to look at the world after Skynet, at least send me Summer Glau.

Additionally, how are there not more food options. I asked a guy if there was anywhere good to grab lunch and he seriouslyy gave me directions to the nearest McDonalds and Subway.

Also, the city was pretty dirty, and didn't exactly transition smoothly from regular city to ghetto.
Philadelphia is famous for 3 things: a sandwich, a fictitious boxer and a cracked bell. When in Philadelphia make sure to visit the Liberty Bell, get your photo taken next to the Rocky statue at The Philadelphia museum of Art, and eat an authentic Philadelphia Cheese Steak from Tony Luke's (avoid Pat's and Geno's).
Historial sites, world class museums, great restaurants, the Reading Terminal Market, the Macy's light show, the Italian Market, the Mummer's Parade, Rocky, cheesesteaks (and roast pork sandwiches, hint, hint), the Love statue...what's not to like in Philly? The Dallas Cowboys.
While Boston lays claim to many activities and events that led to the creation of the United States of America, the city of Philadelphia is quite rich with its own history. Not only is it the location where both our Declaration of Independence and United States Constitution were created and signed, it served as our nation's capital during construction of the White House in Washington DC. In and around the city there are attractions too numerous to mention or detail, but I will list some of my favorites: City Hall with Pennsylvania founder William Penn looking over the city; Independence Hall where those two iconic documents were signed; Liberty Bell, now inside Liberty Bell Center; the Washington Monument, outside the Museum of Art; Swann Memorial Fountain, in Logan Circle; Carpenter's Hall, meeting place of the First Continental Congress; the Signer, inspired by George Clymer who signed the Constitution and the Declaration; Rocky, of course, near the Museum of Art; the Library Company of Philadelphia, founded by Benjamin Franklin in 1731; and, carriage rides around Independence Mall. Plan to spend a few days to take in these attractions, and many more, and plan to soak up some great American History.
This place is so dirty.I can't belive they don't have people cleaning the streets. No alternate side parking so the cleaning truck can clean the streets is this city that poor they can't afford it. And no one seems to mind that's crazy to me I never seen that and I'm from New York City.
The City of Brotherly Love, home of the classic Rocky movies, the home of delicious cheesesteaks, home of Made in America, the Phillies, Eagles, Flyers, and Sixers! Philly philly! Man, oh man do I love Philly! I lived a few minutes outside of West Philadelphia for two years -- finishing high school in PA. Although I'm a proud born & raised native of Brooklyn, NY I call Philly my 2nd home. There's just something about Philadelphia that makes me feel so happy. Maybe it's because I spent a good chunk of my youth here at a very pivotal time where I was finding myself. Maybe it was the happiness I felt being able to get my hands on a pair of Air Jordans when I knew back in NYC, my friends would be sh** out of luck. Haha or maybe I just felt the love from "the city of brotherly love". Either way, I know I love it! 

  I come here any chance I get to attend an event like Made In America (2014), Roots Picnic (2015), etc. and I'm always happy to drive down all the narrow streets filled with so much nostalgia and history. This go round I came out here to attend to concerts for work. I saw Lil Wayne(for the first time) at Penn State College and it was amazing! Rae Scremmurd opened up for them. We had amazing seats. Front row and it was one heck of a show! I had a great time and can't wait to come back. Oh and of course before I left I had to get my hands on a cheesteak or two in which you'll see in one of my corresponding reviews!
We decided to have one day getaway from New York to "brotherly love" Philly! We got off the bus in Greyhound Bus Terminal, which is located in heart of the City next to Chinatown.

Unfortunately mother nature kinda kicked us with weather, because it was endless rain whole day, but still we stayed positive and continued discover the city.

People here are very friendly and always ready to help, whats very suprprised me after always runnin somewhere and not in the mood New Yorkers! 

U have to visit Independence hall, independece bell. Also dont forget to visit legendary Rocky statue and my personal recommendation run all the way up on the Rocky steps, come on yall live once:)

Lots of nice hookah spots and just nice cafe's.

I can say that maybe after crazy, never sleepin New York, u can find this city too calm and quiet for you, but still dont listen to me u have to experience it by yourself lol
Beautiful city. We came here for a day trip while on a New York holiday. Got megabus from New York at 6:50am and arrived in Philly 9am. The city is very easy to walk around. We walked from 30th street station to Philadelphia museum of art. From there it was an easy bus ride to the centre. So many things to do, we had nowhere near enough time for it all. Very easy to walk around. Food is amazing and people are friendly. Have to try the Reading Terminal Market
This town is garbage, literally there is garbage in the streets and the town smells like a constant dumpster. The people are not friendly everyone is super ghetto even in the "nice parts of philly". The bums around here are one step below the population the just don't have a house. The drivers use their high beams and horns like its going out of style. You could have your blinker on and get over and people still flashing and honking. There is no redeeming qualities about this city. It may be the birthplace of our nation but it is definitely a snapshot of the beginnings of the end of the nation.
City of history and fun! When I first flew in, I was concerned with the weather. It was Fall and I didn't know what to pack! When I arrived it was gloomy and rainy. FML - didn't pack for the rain. The subsequent days it was nice and sunny. Talk about bi-polar weather - LOL

I only had a few days to spend "site-seeing" and wasn't able to get around to too many of the places I wanted to get to, but the main touristy attractions that I went to were thankfully nearby and within a 1-2 mile radius. I walked everywhere!

It was nice to see the city, particularly with such a rich history! My fiancee is a history buff, so I know he would have loved everything going on over at Independence Hall. I felt pretty safe walking alone in certain parts, but the parts that were a little bit sketchy I pretty much walked fast thru. 

MOMA and the medical museums are awesome. Wish I had more time to spend there since MOMA was so big!!!

I would love to come back and do more tours and to tour more of the city.
Took a trip to Philly because my sister is going to school here. Every city has it's pro's and cons driving through the rural areas was quite peaceful, long winding roads and mountains in the background. Once you get into the city it is kind of dirty but it is a city that has a lot of historical sites and adventures to offer.
Say what you want about Philadelphians, but when the sh*t gets real they  step the f*ckp up and do the right thing (cliché much?).
Great city.
One of the best to walk in the USA.  beautiful sidestreets.
The food, sports franchises, transportation..
A really eclectic city. It has the historic charm of other major northeast cities, as well as their modern razzle dazzle. Worth a stop by any world traveler.
All sports fans in Philly ate paint chips when they were little. Central Philly is an absolute dump. Almost as gross as Manhattan. I'd rather make snow angels in my own shit, than hang out with a flyer fan for more than a second. Other than that really loved the cheese steaks!
Wonderful experiences in Philadelphia. Purchased a 3 day Philadelphia Pass at Visitor Center. Definitely worth it! Staff very helpful. Included Big Bus Pass which was a great way to get around. Enjoyed staying near Independence Hall which was very convenient and really added to the experience. Ghost tours included in Pass, make reservations. So much to do, we filled our days. Staff everywhere was excellent. Would love to come back.
Our place to escape. We love Philly. We like to go and stay overnight to go and listen to Dena Underwood play her piano and listen to her beautiful voice
