If you ever find yourself in Northeast Philly it will probably become quickly apparent to you that it is quite a boring place. For the most part this area lacks cultural landmarks. This is why I was so surprised to learn that Philly's premier insectarium is located in a row house in Holmesburg. Don't let the area fool you, this place is really and truly a gem in an otherwise bland part of the city.

Now, needless to say, if you are truly terrified of insects please do not come here. Their shining glory is the butterfly pavilion which is impressive and very beautiful. Apparently this is a new addition to the insectarium? I think they chose the exhibit wisely. Hundreds of free range butterflies and moths call this exhibit their home and they are definitely not afraid of humans. Be prepared to have some try and land on you, or even dive bomb you. That being said they have a variety of very attractive butterflies on display, and if you love butterflies I'm sure you'll be at home here. I could see sitting down on a bench and just watching them float by all day. There's also a glass case full of cocoons so if you're lucky you might see a brand new butterfly or moth emerging from its case.

They have two more floors of insects to look at. Upstairs they have an array of cool looking creepy crawlies, some of which are the stuff of my nightmares (i.e. the Goliath centipede). On the second floor they have a small kids playground which their resident iguana, Doug, presides over. It's super cute as kids slide past him while he's chewing his lettuce.

I think this place is well on its way to becoming a serious attraction, but I will be honest, its not quite there yet. There are areas I will call 'hot spots' that they should really warn people about before hand (those being the butterfly pavilion and the second floor attractions). I understand that warmth is necessary for the animals, all I'd like is a heads up. Also parts of the building are needing renovations, which they are getting to slowly, so I'm sure in no time it will be a nicer experience on that end. 

If you live in or often pass through the Northeast, don't hesitate to give this place a try. It's one of a kind and you might learn something! You might also want to see it in its earlier days, because I have a feeling in the coming years this place will explode in popularity.
When I presented a large bill, the girl was unsure if she'd have change, so I offered to pay with a credit card. She did have enough though, so I paid with cash. My change was supposed to be $87.09, but she chose to only give me $87.00. I was a little disappointed that I wasn't give the correct amount back - or asked if I wished to donate the $.09 - but I decided not to say anything. 

The man who put our wristbands on told us how to get to the butterfly room and the insect areas and sent us on our way. I was a bit surprised there weren't any rules for entering/exiting, not touching, etc. but I thought maybe it's because we are adults and he assumed we knew better. Upon entering the butterfly room, my friends and I were appalled. Children were running around grabbing at the butterflies and parents weren't supervising or helping to guide their children with proper handling (preferably NOT handling). There were countless injured creatures who were struggling to fly away from the children who were running amuck, and there weren't any staff members around. We only saw one staff member in the room and she was cleaning the plants and picking up butterflies and walking away with them. No one spoke to us. No one was looking out for the welfare of the exhibit and it was sickening. 

Upstairs, many of the insects/creatures looked dead. The bearded dragon had a lamp on top of his tank that was melting the lid and filling the room with a burned plastic smell. And the place was absolutely filthy!
It really bothered me that there were so many dead or injured butterflies. There is one sign on the entrance to the butterfly pavillion which clearly states NOT to touch the butterflies. Upon entering the pavillion, I noticed immediately that there were several children touching the butterflies. I only saw two staff members in the pavillion and neither of them said anything to the children or to the parents of the children who were touching the butterflies. Perhaps this is why there were so many dead and injured ones. We will not be returning. I won't support this place if they continue to allow guests to kill these creatures. 

Also, this place needs a thorough cleaning. It looks like it hasn't been cleaned in years.
This is the worst experience! I typically take my son on adventures for him to try new things and experiences. I paid $40 for the 3 of us and there is literally nothing to do here. The selection of bugs is... well what selection of bugs? There is nothing ground breaking or earth shattering  to excite even a 4 year. The second floor literally had nothing! There were about 7 cages and some of them were empty. There was no one available to answer questions or pull the bugs out for the kids to touch. I was excited to come to the third floor because I believed that there would be more and someone around to allow my son to hold or pet the insects. There was one attendant and he was unable to pull the insects out. The employee who was able to pull insects was on break the whole time we were in the museum. They had nothing for kids in the gift shop. This wasn't an exciting or informative experience at all. I would much rather prefer to get my money back. I would never come again. 1 Star was generous
What a depressing place! Rundown, and worst of all, the animals are treated horribly. All you need to see is the iguana they have living in a child's jungle gym. As in, they let children run and stomp and harass an iguana in a clear tank that they built a slide and playhouse over. Animals are in small tanks, very little is on display. Many displays are empty! As soon as you walk in you're greeted by a basket of raccoon penis bones (I'm not making this up) and mummified baby pigs for a quarter each. NOT family friendly! The humane society or *someone* needs to check this place out! Just awful!
I was so excited to visit the Insectarium and while I went in with an open mind the $17 price of admission set up an expectation that unfortunately the Insectarium could not fulfill. While there were many interesting live specimens, the overwhelming majority of the specimens were dead & mounted, and most of those were not labeled (though some that were were mislabeled) and many were in rough shape. I asked if there was an entomologist on staff to talk with and was told that only one was on staff but would not be available. everyone else was nice, but by no means an expert or anything close to. I felt that there were many missed opportunities to provide insight or further detail on many of the specimens, and was overall very disappointed in the museum. 

I don't want to write this place off completely. It's exciting to have a place like this in the Northeast and they do have many beautiful specimens (living and otherwise), some cool fish and amphibians, and nice new live butterfly room. This is probably a great place to take kids to introduce them to many fascinating arthropods up close. But for $16 +tax, it's simply not worth the trip. For a few cents extra you could visit the Academy of Natural Sciences, where you can trust that things are labeled correctly and speak with a researcher or at the least a highly knowledgeable staff person about their collection. Or don't pay any money and visit the Wagner Free Institute to view their fascinating historical collection of biological specimens. I am sympathetic to the cause & struggle of the Insectarium as a nature/education-oriented nonprofit, having worked extensively in a similar environment. But unless they greatly improve their collection and the presentation thereof they absolutely cannot justify the $17 price tag nor can I recommend it.
This place was on the news about 2 weeks ago for having about $50,000 worth of different species such as insects, tarantulas, scorpions and millipedes stolen. Apparently they are worth a lot on the black market. Thieves took about 90 percent of the museum's collection so I'm glad I came before this crazy heist went down. Decided to bring my daughter here about a month ago and we had so much fun! They have their own free parking lot right next door which is a great bonus. Adults are $11.95 and children are $9.95. Infants/toddlers free.  This is a fair price considering we spent about two and a half to three hours here. There's 3 floors. I was eager to check out their butterfly pavilion(it's their most well known attraction and this is what made me want to stop in) The butterflies actually land on you and it's just an overall amazing experience. Came on a Wednesday during the day. Decent amount of people but not overly packed. I never heard of anything like this before, and I've only ever dreamed of butterflies actually landing on me and being so close to them. Check it out..So you walk in to this huge jungle like room with high ceilings, trees everywhere and then you start wandering around and you will spot the most beautiful butterflies everywhere. So many different butterflies that come in different colors and sizes. We saw a few big beautiful blue ones(those were the hardest to get to land on me) my daughter was a bit hesitant at first but then she was eager to walk around everywhere in hopes a butterfly would land on her. An hour easily flew by without us even noticing because you're just having so much fun finding different butterflies landed all over the place and many flying all around. There's a pretty neat display case where you get to look at chrysalis and cocoons. Then on the second and third floor, there are (or I should say there were) scorpions, different types of roaches , lizards, insects, and so much more. You even got to touch and hold a few. So much fun!! I hope they find all the creatures they lost and return them back here !
I took my son here for the second time, because we he loved it the first time we went. It was a terrible experience! We went right when as they were scheduled to open, and the woman at the desk told me to start in the butterfly pavilion, as no one had come in yet to open the actual museum. When we got into the butterfly pavilion, it was as if there had been a massacre. There were dead butterflies littering the floor. They were everywhere. I expected a couple here and there, but this was a disturbing amount. It really upset my son, who begged me to leave the area after a few minutes inside. Then, we had to sit and wait for about 15 minutes, for someone to come in an open the upstairs. Eventually, the woman seemed to feel bad for us, and she turned the lights on for us. Before we headed up there, I went into the downstairs bathroom to change my son's diaper, and the woman insisted that I would need to go upstairs to do that. Unfortunately, the upstairs bathrooms are super tiny, and there was no place to comfortably change him. So, instead, I went out to the car. 

When we returned, we went upstairs. The place was beyond filthy. I noticed that it was dirty the last time I went in March, but it clearly had not been cleaned since then. No one was upstairs to tell us about the insects. My son was immediately attracted to the "playground" inside, which is an absolute hazard. He got stuck inside, and it took me forever to fish him out. The casing was not meant for kids to slide down it, and while the concept is cool, they really either need to get proper equipment, or shut it down. The third floor was filthier than the last. Even the cages were disgusting. Don't even get me started on the smell. For $16 a person, I would expect a lot better. We were there about 45 minutes, but 20 minutes of that was really spent waiting or dealing with the diaper situation. We will not be going back.
Coolest bug zoo ever.  I made my husband go here with me last time we were in Philly.  It's kinda out of the way, but easy to get to by public transportation.

The first floor houses the offices of a pest control company and the bug gift shop. (Bug-themed gifts, not gifts for bugs.)

The upper levels house the bug zoo.  The second floor has boring dead bugs stuck on pins and labeled AND a cockroach cubicle.  This is a glass enclosure about the size of an office cubicle.  On one side, it's set up to look like a bathroom. On the other side, it's set up to look like a kitchen.  There are a ton of cockroaches - big and small - all over the cubicle! The docent will tell you that these are just regular Philly cockroaches.  She'll also tell you that they prefer healthy people food to junk food.  No wonder their kind have survived for eons.

But the coolest part of all is the third floor.  It has only living bugs. It has aquariums with diving and swimming beetles, displays full of walking sticks, hissing cockroaches, scorpions, and I can't remember what else. 

If you want, you can hold some bugs.  My husband was a big wimp, but I held the giant millipede, a scorpion (non-stinging type), and some sort of bug that faints when it's scared. Poor guy. I made him faint and he fell off my hand.  He was OK though.

I guess you have to like bugs to like this place. My only complaint is that it isn't big enough (admission is cheap though - six bucks).  

I want to see more bugs!
Bugs rock! Old & young alike will be fascinated for a couple of hours here at the insect Superdome just outside Philadelphia city center (about 20 minutes away).

I fancy myself an amateur entomologist and to be able to spend 2 hours with my 6 & 4 year olds viewing both live & preserved bugs was wildly awesome.  

Two surprisingly meager rooms on the 2nd & 3rd floors of this kinda paltry 3 story building. Dingy storefront on a main street. You can easily drive right by if it weren't for the fluorescent painted windows attracting attention like a moth to a flame hehe.  

The 1st fl is the gift shop where those lil bug in-cased plastic ice cubes can be purchased. This is where they bang you for $9 a head regardless of age to enter.

Stair case to the 2nd fl, no elevators lazy bones. A really cool glass in-cased kitchen depicted infestation of several live species of cockroaches with hundreds of these disgusting lil creatures scurrying about, awesome.  Live bee hives. Thousands of preserved insects every where you could see. An amazing collection of every imaginable insect worldwide crammed into this relatively small room. Live scorpions in a few different small enclosures. Puzzles & bug crafts to keep the kids busy as well.   

Now the real action begins on the 3rd fl where all the cohabitation of hundreds of  live creepy crawlers in glass tanks in rows.  A curator accompanies you on each floor answering all your questions with an obvious educated depth of bug knowledge.  You'll get to play with a few select bugs which always includes giant hissing roaches ( we were fortunate to hold both his & her roaches, score).  The kids were constantly reminded not to squeeze the bugs, could truer words of advise to live by ever be spoken, I think not.  Lil spider bungy web for the kids to meander through. Get ready for a photo op with one of  those head through the hole in the painted bug wall which lies up here for the perfect holiday arachnid card.   

If not for the diminutive dingy neighborhood & building I'd give them a 5 review.  Good itchy clean educational fun especially with kids, but big kids will appreciate it too.
This place should be shut down. We searched the butterfly  house but found fewer than ten butterflies  in e entire space. Instead of butterflies, we found an active construction site with power tools left out unattended and a gentleman doing work overhead, above a space where visitors (of course including kids) could walk to try to  find the nonexistent butterflies. Over half of the butterflies we did encounter were on the hand of a child visitor even though signs say not to touch the butterflies. Clearly no one cares. 

The upstairs portion was much better. The staff members explaining the animals did a great job!
Extremelly disappointing. I saw only two different types of butterfly and not even a dozen flying around. The place is badly entertained and the temperature is too low for tropical butterflies. I felt cheated! Awful experience and bad location.
Came here recently so my son could complete a project.  Had a Groupon for pretty much BOGO and only had to pay for my kid could get in.  Overall, we had a good few hours of seeing things that I'd definitely not want crawling in my house.  

Staff was very accommodating and knowledgeable about the different insects, spiders, fish, iguanas, and I'll go with the nonscientific bugs.  At least the staffer we spoke with knew all the scientific names of everything and had lots of interesting facts to tell.  He seemed genuinely interested in letting the kids know about how cool everything is there. 

The facility, which is in a converted house, seems run down with dirty carpeting and most of the home seems to be dull.  There are paintings all over the place to try and liven it up, but to me just seemed blah.  Where blah turned into beautiful is the huge newer butterfly exhibit with hundreds of butterflies in a more than plentiful greenery space with the humidity set HIGH!  They love it.  Butterflies all over the place and you may even get one to land on you.  They are all shapes and sizes, and the only one that I really could identify was the Monarch.  I think the price alone for this is worth it.

For everything else, the tarantulas were cool, but most were burrowed in their cubed cages.  Other insects were visible, some were not.  The original "kitchen" with thousands of cockroaches is gone, and some of the mounted exhibits seemed to be just put wherever there was some space.  Even some of those had broken bugs and you can just tell the age of the stuff which led to some of the disappointment.  What they do have in the cages are well marked with good explanations about the specimen and where it comes from.   

They have a new kitchen with new equipment and it looked very clean from what I was able to see.  I think it's for school groups where they have classrooms for viewing videos.  The gift shop had a lot of clothing, signage, books, and even edible bugs for purchase. 

I also believe that this facility has government approval to either have or store or raise these specimens as some are quite rare and not native to the United States.  Maybe they do conservation? 

Family and I had a good time.
Highly disappointed in this place. Thankfully I got a Groupon and didnt pay full price, but my sister had to pay $17 to get in with us. NOT WORTH THE PRICE. A good portion of bugs can't be seen because they are hiding in their nests and then we had to report to the staff that two of the mantis bugs were dead at the bottom of cage! There are extension cords out and vacuum cleaners just out on the floor! WHAT? the place is dirty and feels low budget and would be worth it for maybe $5 a person BUT NOT $17! The ONLY nice part is the butterfly exhibit. There are some beautiful butterflies and I got some good pics. I'm just upset I drove 40 min to come here and wasted my time and money
We found a Groupon for the Philadelphia Insectarium and stopped in over the kids vacation. The have 2 floors jam packed with bug habitats and a butterfly pavilion out back. 

The idea of a low key and accessible place where kids can see and interact with insects is very cool and the kids were generally quite amazed, delighted and yes alarmed (the big roaches!) with everything they saw. The staff was outstanding, explaining what we were seeing, taking the creatures out and showing them off, and even offering to let the kids hold and touch some of them. 

The big attraction here is definitely the butterfly pavilion. When we opened the door we were greeted by 9 or 10 butterflies hovering right at eye level and when we walked in it seemed like there were a hundred more just hovering around. There were so many butterflies it was surreal. Needless to say, the kids absolutely loved it and didn't want to leave. 

As far as the infrastructure goes, the place is completely run down, drab and dirty, which was a major turn off. Even though they have giant bottles of sanitizer all over, the filth level really disgusted me. The windows were opaque and seemed liked they've never been cleaned. The bathrooms were revolting and smelled foul. The carpets had a notable amount of debris on them and were clearly in need of a vacuuming and a steam clean. With all of the wildlife in here, I was wondering why they chose to put carpets on the floor in the first place. They should totally loose the carpets and get an easily washable floor and in general, they really need to be more thoughtful about the hygiene even if it means raising prices by a few bucks per ticket. 

We paid $34 for 4 admissions (they didn't charge for our 2 year old) and even though the place was dirty it seemed like a fair price for what we got. I'd recommend the Philadelphia Insectarium if you're looking for a fun and different option to entertain your kids.
The people here are wonderful, they keep the facility up nicely and maintain alot of who it's and mini habitats for their creatures. 

There's a cute little gift shop to walk thru. The staff is knowledgeable and friendly. A lady who showed us Doug the iguana on one floor came up to the third floor to show us tarantulas. Those who dare are welcome to pet or hold Rosita. Very nicely done and totallu unexpected given its location imo. Beautiful mural outside the building to help you find it.
Okay, so this place is clearly geared towards the younger set, but my two older kids and both parents really enjoyed our visit here during our brief stay in Philadelphia.

Located well off the beaten path in a working class neighborhood northeast of downtown Philadelphia, you'd have to actively seek this place out because your path is not likely to take you past this place.  With exhibits on three floors, including a pretty sizeable butterfly aviary, there are lots of creatures on display here.  There was the opportunity to hold many of the creepy-crawlies, thanks to a very knowledgeable and friendly employee.  We ended up spending a lot more time here than we anticipated.  It was really great to have this time to feel like a kid again.

Added bonus about this trip - as we were making our way here from our hotel, our GPS took us right past Four Seasons Total Landscaping, the site of a famous press conference in November 2020.  When I realized it, I circled around (seeing the back where the conference was held), then stopped for a selfie out front.  It's so nice to stumble across these historical locations during one's travels.
The new butterfly pavilion is a must see! It's like stepping into a tropical forest- literally. Lots of beautiful plants and butterflies fluttering everywhere. They loved landing on my shoulder and posing for pictures :) I'm definitely coming back and bringing the rest of my family here. It's a place people of all ages will love. The rest of the insectarium also got a make over with beautiful murals and an overall cleaner look.
Our family had a great time here!
Lots of insects, bugs, reptiles, spiders to see and learn about. Staff was friendly and knowledgeable - and we got to pet, touch, and hold a variety of insects and reptiles! 
There's a small playground on the second floor where my 3 & 5 year old loved to play. They can slide down through the iguana exhibit and see him from below. :)
The butterfly room is fun - warm and humid, but you can get up close and personal with butterflies and some may even land on you.
There is a place to eat lunch with tables, you can pack and bring your own.
There are a bunch of stairs, not sure if there is an elevator, so if that's a concern, please call ahead.
The place isn't the newest or fanciest, it is a little dated, but because of the attention the staff gave my kids, I'm giving this a 5 star experience!
Very disappointed. My daughter went for her class trip and liked it so we decided to go as family. No clear path to follow - numerous staff just standing around not directing or explaining any of the exhibits. Many of the exhibits were empty. When asked about allowing us to hold an insect or lizard they said not set up right now despite staff hanging around. Thought I was going to be taught some things but no . We were done with in 35 minutes and that was taking our time. Better if keep this place as  a school or camp field trip. It was better to visit the reptile expo - cheaper to get in and they allowed us to hold creatures and answered any questions.

Was really disappointed when saw that they sold bug poison - you think they would sell more natural deterrents.
The staff was very friendly and allowed us (my boyfriend and I) to hold the leopard gecko, which was awesome.  The person there also shared very interesting facts about the space, as well as the species on display.  When we visited, the insectarium was going through major renovations, so the 2nd floor displays were shifted or out of place and a large amount of milkweed plants stood in the middle for the future butterfly pavilion; however, it was still eye-opening to see the display cases full of mounted insects in their respective sizes.  It spurred great conversation from us.  

The 3rd floor was where all the live insects were skittering about, and it was so fun seeing them in action.  They seemed well-kept and while we were observing them, the staff came in and out to take care of other insects in the back.  The two floors had original painted art on all its walls which was a very nice touch.  All in all, we enjoyed our visit and am excited for the new renovations and exhibits!
Visited today - May 27, 2018.  They have a decent number of insects, reptiles, and amphibians, but sadly the place is in pretty bad repair and looks like it is seldom cleaned.  The carpet was filthy, other floors not so clean either, dirty walls, a pile of dead gnats on the bathroom sink, many areas of the building were seriously worn and needed repainting at least.  Dead plants in the butterfly room, along with a lot of dead butterflies. It was pretty sad. Today was rainy so the parking lot was muddy, with some seriously big deep muddy puddles. Plus there appears to be piles of junk in various spots around the edges.  Made me realize how clean and well maintained most museums are in comparison.  Don't recommend buying tickets online because the staff didn't know how to handle that.  It would have been faster if we had purchased tickets when we got there.
I visited the Insectarium recently on on a sunny Saturday with my 6 year old daughter, and was pleased to see that the issues mentioned in the reviews from a year ago or so are pretty much resolved.

The second floor had an amazing number of mounted insect collections.  The honeybees were quite active because the weather was nice.  The only real disappointment on this floor was the "cockroach kitchen" enclosure, I didn't see a single roach the entire time I looked in here.

The third floor was where most of the action was.  Almost all of the exhibits had live and active bugs.  We spent about an hour and a half up here.  I was amazed at the number and variety of insects for a small facility.  The sole curator was friendly and talkative, and quite accomodating when we wanted to see or handle bugs.  The other families seemed to be having fun as well.

Admission was $7 a person, and I consider that fairly cheap for two hours of entertainment.  I'll likely come back in a year or so to see if the exhibits change at all.
This place has some positives and some negatives. We were looking for something to do indoors as it was extremely hot outside with a high humidity. We assumed there would be air conditioning here and it was close to home so we chose here. Well there was absolutely no air conditioning. The butterfly portion was extremely upsetting. Most of the butterflies were dead and there were bodies all over the place. We didn't spend as much time as we would of liked because it was over 100 degrees in that portion.
We moved along to the other insects and lizards which were on the second and third floor. There were three employees there that improved our experience a little for me to give 3 stars instead of 1. A gentleman took out the bearded dragon and let us all pet him. He also took out the hissing cockroach and was showing him off. A lady took out the tarantula and held her and was patient with my daughter and let her pet it. My daughter was fascinated with her blue hair and pet the girl too! Lol Another gentleman took out another lizard for my daughter to pet. 
What I didn't like was when we walked in there was no one at the front desk. We were just standing there for a few minutes and 2 employees walked out from the back looked at us and ignored us. I had to ask them how we could buy tickets. There reply was "oh well there is usually someone at the counter". We had to wait for that girl to come back. 
Also when we were leaving we were looking at their merchandise and I was interested in purchasing something but they were having a employee meeting in the middle of operation hours and I was unable to purchase anything. 
I was really torn on if I should give 2-3 stars. It's probably more a 2 and a half. If I go back it will be on a much cooler day.
So if you are looking for glitz and glamour this is not the place to go. It is definitely a bit older and a little run down but it is still worth the experience. Great staff, huge butterfly pavilion (be warned the butterflies will land on you and this scared my younger daughter) and lots of bugs and a lizard for the kids to hold. The woman working upstairs was super informative and definitely made my older daughters day. She got to hold a cockroach, tarantula, millipede, beetle and bearded dragon. She answered all of my kids questions and they couldn't stop talking about the experience all day. 

The best part was when a local kid ran into the museum, she had tried to save a praying mantis she found outside a couple days earlier and the staff had helped her try to "nurse" it back to health. She was so excited to check on her friend and the staff were so kind. It was a cute moment and I was happy to see that the staff took time out to entertain and educate this little girl.

Overall I recommend planning a visit!
A bit disappointed - such a small place and most of the bugs were simply not moving.  It was freezing in there - we were 'warned' but still - close if you're not up to par.
You could get through the whole place in under an hour.  At $7/tix, I don't think it's worth it.  Sorry.
If my 7 year old bug loving son had his way, we would live across the street so he could go here everyday! I took him in over two months ago, and he still talks about this place. You can't go wrong taking a bug-loving kid here. The best part is that they let the kids hold bugs, and walk around with bugs. The staff is very friendly, knowledgeable, and goes out of their way to talk to your bug loving youngster. I knocked down a star because some of the displays need updating, and their roach kitchen needs more roaches! 
The place is small, but trust me, if your kid(s) like to touch bugs, you will be there for a while. 
The price is very reasonable, and they have a small gift shop. 
Once you come here, you will never forget this place.
This place was pretty neat to visit. We brought our 1 year old here. There was plenty to see and do. It's nice you can leave to eat and then come back.  We will be back again.  I recommend for families and even just people without kids. Plenty to learn and do.
The place was cool and the kids enjoyed. The lady working upstairs was very nice and helpful.

BUT.... when we brought the kids down to the gift shop at 3:45 we were told by the staff that they were closed even though they are supposed to be open until 4. I guess they did not want any more of my money. The kids were disappointed they could not get any gifts.
So beautiful! Alittle unfinished but a nice place to go to and give support to help them finish!
Five stars for the Insectarium!  Unlike a museum exhibit, the Insectarium has a lot of live specimens that you can watch in their cages or even, in a number of cases, hold in your hands!  Don't go digging into the cages without the staff though: there were a few fellas that we were informed were actually more deadly than the black widow that was sitting contently in its web.

I went there during one of their evening tours, (from 5 to 7) and there were presentations by a VERY friendly and enthusiastic entomologist (one who CLEARLY loved his insects as you could see when he talked about not killing them but just relocating them if you had "unwelcome visitors" in your home!) and by a visiting historical sociologist who specialized in the place of insects in ancient histories and spirituality as relates to death and the afterlife.

Also unlike a museum, the butterfly pavilion is like a huge greenhouse with beautiful large butterflies and moths flying freely through the various tropical plants and trees and vines.  The staff also happily set up a couple of tarantulas (about the size of a ten year old's hands) to do their mating dance for us and let us hold various friendly snakes.

Finally, when you're all finished up (or, if you get there early and are waiting for a tour to begin) they've got an insect store with all sorts of buggy paraphernalia (Heh, including a GREAT spider T-shirt that's gonna creep my younger brother out when he finds it under the Christmas tree next week! LOL!) at prices significantly below what you'll normally find when dealing with "attractions."  E.G. the T-shirts with amazing buggy things on them were under $15, and an amazingly huge horned beetle preserved in a crystal ball was just $24!

And... as I was getting ready to leave I wishfully said to one of the guides, "I wish you were selling those giant hissing cockroaches.  My nieces would LOVE them!"  Well, guess what?  They DO sell the cockroaches and many other of their live creatures AND provide low-priced terrariums for them!

All in all, I loved it, although I'll confess: I've been a bug nut for close to 60 years at this point and spent most of my grammar school years reading Jean Henri Fabre and building ant farms and searching for those ever-elusive Queen Ants.

- Michael J. McFadden
We had the best time today!!!! The kids had a blast studying all of the bugs and Connor took snakes, lizards, spiders, etc out for them to play with. I HIGHLY recommend this!!!!
At first I wasn't particularly sold on this place. It didn't seem like it was going to be worth the $16 admission cost, but I was incorrect. It was lovely. The insect area is pretty small, but the interesting exhibits and the knowledgeable staff enhances the experience. Everyone who works there was so friendly and knowledgeable. They approached my son whenever they saw he was taking an interest in an insect or reptile, taking out those they could, so that he could touch them. The butterfly pavilion is an excellent experience. Despite humidity worse than Florida in August, I didn't want to leave. The downsides: I wish they would run a vacuum over the carpet. It was a little ick. The children's "slide" was not exactly a slide, and while the idea was awesome, the set-up seemed a little dangerous. I didn't love that butterflies were getting stomped on by the kids in the pavilion, but that's not really on the staff. Overall, it was a great way to spend a Saturday afternoon.
Had a great time at the insectarium! The staff did a great job helping to keep my summer campers under control and most importantly, interested! Our Main staff member encouraged the children to try new things like feeling the bugs and even eating them! The children had a great time and we will definitely be back next summer! Thanks everyone!
The people who brought this place to life have their hearts in the right place, and the staff works hard to care for all the living organisms there. There were 2 knowledgeable staff members readily available to talk with you about the insects and provide hands-on experiences to touch and interact with some insects and reptiles which was wonderful and most memorable for my children. The organization could make some thoughtful changes to further thrive like moving the administration to the third floor, improving cleanliness, safety, and HVAC, and removing the "mad scientist" feel.
I actually hate/scared of bugs, spiders, etc but ended up loving this place! My son and husband wanted to go, so I went with an open mind. Found a Groupon deal, so we got tickets the day of. No need to make reservations. Just show up during open hours. The staffs were super friendly and knowledgeable. We felt very welcome. We were greeted and explained what each floor has to offer. 

1st floor - I loved the butterfly displays in the hallway as you enter into the garden. I wish there were more butterflies flying around in the garden. I was expecting them flying around, but most of them were resting. They do need to fix ground/flooring. There were 2 huge puddle of water on each side in the middle of 2 paths. We weren't able to walk across it, so we had to walk around it. I had to keep a close eyes on kids because I was afraid that they will run into the water and wet themselves or slip. I didn't get to enjoy it as much as I would.

2nd floor - Play area. It was so dark, so it was hard to tell whether it was clean or not and it is designed for older kids. I had my 4 and 2 year old with me, but I didn't feel like it was completely safe for them to climb up and down.

3rd floor - My favorite floor. They had 2 staffs explaining all the display and show casing different animals behind the scenes. My kids were very interested in all the displays and enjoyed holding and petting all the gecko, stick insect, beetle, snake, tarantula, etc. I learned alot about them and even my kids. I didn't expect them to be so brave and wanting to pet them and hold them again and again. 

We spent about 2 hours there. This place seemed very well kept. The ticket price is very reasonable based on all the interesting insects that they have. We went on a Monday. It was not crowded and our family had alot of one on one time with the staff which made it extra special.
We enjoyed ourselves here. The insects were cute and we got to hold some of them. The prices are good on Groupon.
