May 2nd 2015, was my wedding day. I hired Philadelphia Trolley works to transport my guests from the Sonesta Hotel to the franklin Institute where my wedding was. Needless to say the 52 passenger coach liner I chartered NEVER SHOWED, 45 minutes of calling and being put on hold and being disconnected was ridiculous. My guests had to scramble for taxi cabs, which cost them! The concierge from the hotel was also trying to reach the Philadlphia Trolley works and had no luck, they too were helping my guests scramble for taxis. HOW DO YOU JUST NOT SHOW UP?? I have never been so humiliated; it definitely put a scar on my wedding day. I had seniors who never been to Philadelphia trying to hail cabs. So I was hoping they would at least show up to transport my guests back to the hotel at 12 am. At 10:45 pm I had to leave MY OWN WEDDING to make phone calls because I had 4 people trying to reach them and they were all on hold for 20 minutes or more. NO EXAGERATION!. Finally I get dispatch who says Ill call you back in 10 minutes. 20 minutes later no call, I call again , again told they will call me back in 10 minutes, I was getting really worried and the dispatch operator was getting rude, very rude, I explained I have 48 people who need to get back to the hotel that I contracted YOU for,so 45 minutes after my wedding ended we are on phones trying to get taxi cabs for our guests, a mini bus shows up and the driver states he was told to make one trip... its a 32 passenger mini bus I contracted for 52 passenger bus. Needless to say the driver made two trips. TELL ME HOW DOES A COMPANY JUST NOT SHOW UP?? I complained to Philly Trolly works and spoke to Roe Derr who was THE ONLY person willing to help me! She apologized in behalf of her company she was helpful and understanding. DO not USE them for guest transportation. Although I got a refund I never got an apology or an explanation. My guests had to pay out of pocket for cabs And I lost 2 hours of my wedding not to mention the stress it caused me. THANK YOU Philadelphia TROLLY works for nothing. I get a letter in the mail a week late saying " We hope you would give us another chance"... Are You kidding me? On the most important day of my life you let me down and I am supposed to recommend you and hire you again? NEVER will I recommend them.PS Also They are NOT  endorsed by the Better Business Bureau.. I wonder Why??? I should have checked there first.
Im writing this review directed at any couple looking to use this company for a wedding. 
I would just like to express my extreme disappoint with the service.  
So disorganized. 
-Lost credit card authorization, charge card anyway.
- Sent over many contracts detailing the day.  Received emails asking where they were and then they found them but the contracts had been totally changed. 
-Received a contract in which they ADDED money to the bill
-Said final payment was due 1 week before wedding.  She tried to charge EVERYTHING on the card a month before. 

We paid EXTRA 800 dollar to have an additional hour of service.  We paid our photographer EXTRA to have an additional hour of service. The Trolley had the address ( which was correct on the contract) WRONG.
They were 35 minutes late to pick up groom, which made them 45 minutes late to start photos. 
We basically wasted 1,000 dollars on services we didn't get to use. 

I am making this post so others thinking what a great idea a trolley would be for the wedding will think before using this company.  I am EXTREMELY disappointed in this company.
Zero Stars - Please don't book Philadelphia Trolley works for your wedding/special event. 

Our experience with Philadelphia Trolley works for our wedding was a disappointment from the beginning until the bitter end. There is no semblance of customer service or care and their product is a disappointment. Save yourself the headache and  choose ANY other form of transportation for your event. 

I contacted Philadelphia trolley works a year out to request a maroon/gold trolley for our wedding party transportation. I explained to the sales person (Tyrone) that we were concerned about the upcharge for a trolley (compared to a limo bus) but we were SO excited for the possibility of bridal party pictures on the trolley. Tyrone sells me on the trolley and tells me that if I come to a bridal show in Philadelphia and meet him, they will knock 10% off our cost. Great!

Issue #1: I buy a ticket to said bridal show, I get there, only to find out Tyrone never showed up.  I reach out to Tyrone to ask what happened and he asks if I can come to the next bridal show he's supposed to attend in New Jersey. NOPE. He agrees to give me the discount regardless of the fact that we never actually met.

Wedding Day: A maroon and gold trolley shows up to pick up my husband and the groomsmen from our apartment and transports them to our church. A different trolley (specifically a white cescaphe one) arrives outside of the hotel for the myself/bridesmaids. I initially assume that isn't ours since multiple brides are getting ready in our hotel (and it's from a different company) but eventually knock on the window to confirm since no other trolley arrives. It is in fact our trolley. No one contacted us from Philadelphia Trolley works to tell us that there was a different trolley picking us up.

We leave the church only to find no trolley outside and a coach bus (think: school field trips). Once again, no call from anyone at Philly Trolley works and the driver doesn't get off the bus or greet us in any way.  I have to knock on the window and ask if he's there for the wedding. He was honestly the most miserable human being in the entire world and disregarded my question as to where our trolley was. Just to be clear, this wasn't even a limo bus, this was a bus with 20 forward facing seats in that awful gray/scratchy material. To say I didn't want pictures on that bus is an understatement. 

What's even more baffling is that not a single soul at Philadelphia Trolley works ever followed up with us. No apology or acknowledgement of the absolute disappointment they caused on our wedding day. I finally write an email to Tyrone since he's the only contact I had. He forwards it onto "mangement" and a mediator named Ray finally reaches out to me to apologize for how our wedding day was handled. He listens to my account of what happened and promises to touch base with senior management by the end of the week and get back to us. Note: He doesn't get back to us. (I'm sure you're shocked at this point.) I call him and he once again apologies profusely and promises that he will have an answer by the end of the next week and I "wont have to hunt him down, he'll get back to me regardless" Note: I have to hunt him down once again and we still don't have an answer from "management"

Finally management comes back with the offer to refund part of our trip (Getting a limo bus still would have been a nicer and cheaper alternative than what we paid after the partial refund.) We took it because management obviously didn't care and I couldn't fight their utter carelessness any longer.  

Please don't put yourself through this.
Well.....not so crazy about Trolley Tours.  I mean, it's kinda fun riding the double decker bus for a bit.  Plus, you just might learn something about Philly that you didn't already know.  But the jokes about hitting your head into a tree gets old.  Plus, if you chose to sit in the bottom, you could die, they have no air.  Gets pretty hot, plus you have to smell engine fumes.  Anyway, I'm sure these people are making a zillion bucks, because every bus I saw had people brimming over the top.  Do it, if you have to.
Wow! Do not reserve a trolley from this company for your wedding. I was called 5:30pm the evening before my wedding (less than 24 hrs before the ceremony) and was told that the trolley I reserved 9 months in advance was out of commission. I could not believe this considering I called a week before to confirm all the details.

An employee at Philadelphia Trolley Works gave 2 options- use our Cirque de Soleil trolley or EASTERN STATE PENITENTIARY trolley... I am not kidding. He then proceeded to tell me he was off the next day. Enough said. I ended up calling multiple limo companies the next day at 6:30. All I received from Philadelphia Trolley Works was a refund- no apology.
**ZERO STARS***WEDDING RENTAL ALERT** Please please PLEASE read through the reviews, and reconsider ever using this company for your wedding. They are the WORST company to use, and they will RIP YOU OFF in a second. I wish I could give ZERO stars.

When we originally decided that we wanted to rent the trolley, I was told that the large 38-passenger trolley wasn't available until 4pm. I told them I needed it around 2p, to transport the wedding party to the ceremony venue. So they offered to give us a 24-passenger trolley, and then at 4pm when the guests needed to be transported, it would switch over to the 38-passenger trolley. It was a dream come true, and I was so excited - especially since they told me I would have the beautiful white trolley.

Fast forward to about a week before the wedding. We were submitting final payment, and I asked for our driver's information. I was told the drivers weren't scheduled yet, but they'd pass the contact info along when the schedule came out. 2 days before the wedding nothing. 

The day of the wedding, the 24-pass trolley arrived, and took our wedding party to the venue.  After that, no trolleys showed up. We paid for the trolley for 10 HOURS. Meaning that it was supposed to be there the entire time to do what we wanted. In the very beginning I told the PTW rep that I wanted the trolley to make as many trips as it needed to, and that I had older guests, so I wanted it to stick around in case they wanted to leave early.

In the middle of my wedding reception, my mother was talking to a guest that told her he couldn't drink much, because he had to drive. We said, why didn't you take the trolley? He said: IT NEVER CAME. What a nightmare. At that point, we discovered that the trolley wasn't there, and never took my guests to the ceremony. Half of them had to uber, and half drove. Most of my guests came from out of town.

I immediately got my phone back (because of course my girls had confiscated it) and emailed them right away that there was a problem. All the while my mother was trying to get in contact with them. She finally reached someone around 9pm, and then the trolley didn't get there until AFTER 10pm. She was so upset - my mother missed the speeches, she missed us cutting the cake - all because of THEIR screw up.

When I finally spoke with someone from Phila Trolley Works DAYS later when they responded to my email, they admitted they were wrong, and then offered me $500 credit. Let's do some quick math. The trolley was gone for over 6 hours. At around $155 an hour, would you think $500 makes sense? Absolutely NOT!!! After I rejected their offer, they tried to get me to sign a form that said I wouldn't discuss this with anyone, and wouldn't take any "action" against them. I said absolutely not, especially since they weren't offering a realistic solution, and asked repeatedly to speak to the owner, which they denied. Then they stopped answering my emails and ignored me. They were so unresponsive that finally, I had to go to my back and just dispute the charge. Just recently, I was awarded my credit, thanks to my bank. 

Please, if I can help you in any way, just AVOID THIS PLACE by any and all means.
I liked this method of seeing the city. We had a 24 hour pass and could hop on and off the trolley all day. We didn't reserve for the double decker bus, but instead decided on the trolley. I think they may have come along more frequently or took different routes than the buses. Because of the trolley, my hubby and I got to see Independence Hall, the Liberty Bell, New Jersey (from across the water), Reading Terminal Market, Philadelphia Museum of Art, the Rocky statue and steps, the Eastern State Penitentiary, the Avenue of States, Lemon Hill, a view of Boat House row, and all manner of neighborhoods too many to name here. I thought the all day pass was a great way to check out the interesting sites that I knew I would be able to come back to later on in our trip. Other major cities have similar trolley tours and if you're just there for a few days, don't really have a car and just want to immerse yourself into what the city you're visiting has to offer, a trolley tour might be the next best thing since sliced bread.
Not a bad way to get a tour of the city and a little Philly trivia along the way. The 24 hop-on-hop-off tour is nice since you can use it to get pretty much anywhere in the city, perhaps with a little walking included. 

I'd give them another star or two if I didn't have the almost overwhelming urge to yell "LIAR!!" a few times during the tour. We had 4 different tour guides in our 24 hours and they did an outstanding job of contradicting each other, and at times,  even themselves. Some of the 'facts' they mentioned were simply not true, which can get annoying to a nerd like myself. 

It's a good way to see the city before picking out the tourist spots you'd like to check out, and not too expensive for 24-hours worth of transportation.
I agree with cora j. that this is a great way to see the city.  The day before the Philadelphia Marathon I didn't want to be on my feet too much, so riding the double-decker bus was the way to go.  

It was freezing the day we went, so only a few brave souls, mostly children, sat outside, while the rest of us wore our hats, coats, and gloves inside the bus.  Half of the top deck is enclosed, so we did get to sit upstairs and stay reasonably warm.

The tour guide was really good, and whenever he couldn't remember something he blamed it on a "senior moment".  Having grown up in Philly, he told us a lot about how the city has changed in recent years.  We passed all the major landmarks and also saw many of the murals that are throughout the neighborhoods.  I would say we saw pretty much all the main attractions from the bus with the exception of Rittenhouse Square.

I learned a lot on the tour, but the best thing for me was running the Philadelphia Marathon the next day and realizing the bus has taken us on the majority of the course.  It was really nice to have gotten a preview of where I would be running and it made me feel like I knew my way around.  The only annoying part of the tour was having to listen to some really loud tourists on the bus talking on their cell phones.  Other than that, I'd say we definitely got our $25 worth.
STAY AWAY FROM THIS COMPANY! Their customer service is horrible. Long story short we called the night before to get a shuttle bus from our hotel. The   Representative that I spoke with said the shuttle would pick us up between 0930-0945 the next morning. The shuttle never showed up. When I called them all the guy could tell me was that he couldn't get a hold of the driver and that I just needed to be patient!! We ended up driving ourselves into downtown Philadelphia. ZERO STARS
For $27/person you get yourself a relatively cheaper way to limo your persons around the city to the totally must see tourist spots.

The 24 hour hop on/hop off deal at 20 different locales around the city is pretty sweet allowing you to explore or eat or drink at your own pace and the people on the microphone do a decent job to keep the ride light and sometimes informative.

Great for families as kids usually knock out after the first 12 minutes leaving you with a good 90 minutes of silence and a chance to breathe and relax.
My sis and I made reservations on-line for the double decker bus tour.  We spent most of the day using the buses to see what the city had to offer. 

The  positive part of our experience-on-line reservations, on and off privileges at major tourist sites in Philly, knowledgeable tour guides.  

The negative part of our experience-buses have no ventilation (don't sit in the back of the bus it gets scorching hot back there), long wait (at one point we waited for 40 minutes, when the wait was suppose to be no longer than 20 minutes), the website doesn't accept Am Ex even though it's a option on the website, and late in the day the bus gets crowded.  

We were glad we used the tour in order to get an overview of the city since neither of us had been there before.  This is good for visitors to use on their first visit to the city or for visitors that are limited on time.
We used the Big Bus/Philly Trolly for an event. They are the same as evidence by the fact the Trolleys say Big Bus Company on them. 

If you are considering them for a private event consider the following: 

The Good: 
We had a private tour and were able to bring a cooler on the bus with snacks and adult beverages. 

The Bad:
Had confirmed the morning of to pay remaining balance and reconfirm the itinerary, the construction and road closures were never disclosed. They informed me 2 days later they get the reports every morning, but they never adjusted our ride and we were stuck in endless traffic.

When planning this the company should have recommended not organizing this at that certain time. 

The trolley which fit 35 had AC but with temps close to 90 that day and full of people it did not function well at all.

Our trolley was in an accident towards the end of the night. They never offered another trolley to pick us up even though we had more than an hour left of our charter time. 

After the accident they asked us to fill out a form describing the accident and in fine print it states you are releasing them from liability and that you are not hurt.

When I called with my concerns mainly about the road closures not being taken into consideration and the fact that we were abandoned after the accident and had to get our own rides back to our hotels, the customer service was horrendous!!! The "director" was rude and threatening on the phone, argumentative and basically the worse.

The Ugly: 
This last point gets me the most, eventually the "director" who changed his name sent me a form to sign stating that he would give me a $100 credit for a future chartered tour and the form he wanted me to sign stated that I would not be able to sue him for any injury resulting from the accident, which there were none, he was just covering his bases, and that I would be liable if I posted any of the situation on social media. There are other reviews in here that also state this practice which is incredibly disgusting.
No ac, poor audio, very noisy, small seating for long legs, uncomfortable bench seating never again will I take this trolley
We took the "hop on, hop off" double decker bus tour yesterday for $25 total - myself and my 4 yea old who they (not I) suggested was free and let ride for free.

Even at the reduced rate of $25.00 for the 2 of us this is one expensive tourist ride.  The 20-some stop loop encompasses most of the major Philly sites (save for South Philly) including the new Please Touch museum.

If you take it early enough in the day you can even get off and enjoy the Art Museum or Please touch.

We got on at 1:30 and took the entire 90 minute loop.  Then we got off took a break and got on the 4 PM bus (same great driver - Donna, and guide - Ernest - a funny guy) in order to get off at the Chinatown stop (right in front of the arch).

My 4 year old just loved sitting on the top deck (hold on to your hats and watch those tree limbs!).

If I were a tourist who had NEVER been to philly and wanted to quickly see the major stuff - I would take this.
What a huge disappointment. The tour guide was horrible. 90% of what she said was inaudible. She spoke so quickly and so garbled that none of us could make out what she was talking about. She mentioned she was going to Temple University. I hope she's not a communications major. We were the 430 tour and it felt like we were just being rushed to get through the tour so they could all go home.  Due to traffic, they skipped Chinatown altogether. We literally saw no part of it whatsoever. Instead they drove us up Market Street where there was nothing really to see except City Hall in the distance. The sad thing is I took this tour not too long ago and the tour guide was fabulous. She was passionate, excited, and truly seemed to genuinely love her job. She had all kind of interesting tidbits and stories, none of which this younger guide shared. Companies like this should realize that a lot of the quality of the tour depends on the tour guides themselves. It's a shame that many will be subjected to her.
I reserved the Trolley and activity bus for my wedding on 9/5/15 and the process was very seamless and Ray was a pleasure to work with. The transportation arrived on time, with the exception of a bit of a delay for the drop offs/pick ups at the end of the evening, as there was a bit over a longer wait time for the last straggler guests than expected. The trolley was clean and air conditioned and was perfect for my bridal party to drive around and take pictures in. Thank you for a great experience on one of the most important days of my life!
In the past we used this company for our wedding and things went a little bumpy but good enough to get the job done. This year, we attempted to use them again and I should've have taken the lack of return phone calls, etc as a sign to just spend my energy and money elsewhere. When I finally spoke to the person who was supposed to contact me two weeks prior (not to mention the 3 times I called in-between) he skated over the fact that no one had been in contact and was borderline rude but tried to cover it with a condescending friendly tone. He made me go through all the details and only afterwards says, "Yeah, we don't have anything." He then offered suggestions of other companies...like I'm really going to trust those by the way he operates. No thanks.
Attention to details and willing to work to suit our needs transporting wedding guests to different venues. 
The driver was courteous, on time and delivered everyone safely from place to place.
Tour guide was great. Bus was awful. It was designed so you can not see out the windows, is this a tour bus?  The diesel fumes were so disgusting you can not breath. Police should have ticketed us! You can not breath. So if you want a great tour guide, can hold your breath, don't want to see anything, then this is the bus tour for you.  If you can't find your bus? Just look for the huge blue cloud of diesel fumes. Bus will be under the carbon dioxide.
I am a life long south philly resident, i went on a couple tours with friends visiting which were fairly good with the Trolley Tour..this time went on the Big Bus tour and it was disappointing.  Our guide had no sense of humor or making it fun, she really gave more boring pointers and there are so many interesting places, sites and stories of many things we passed thru that she simply ignored.  On top of that, not sure if they employ people who might not live IN THE CITY for long or at all..but this guide was rather down on the city..pointing out that the Avenue of the Arts was a shady, run down, dangerous area until ta da..Ed Rendell turned it all around..well i never saw it that way..yes it's become much classier and even snobier but it always had some terrific sites, Horn and Hardarts..The Bellevue Strafford, Academy of Music i remember seeing concerts in the early 70s!! She also had a way of giving her personal downing opinions of say the Rocky Statue..the movie..the steps..etc and other areas..and just made the trip annoying this time.. we did get off at one point and a new guide came on that i can see from the get-go was much more enthusiastic ..funnier..and took a more positive and detailed..story filled way but unfortunately we only were on for a few stops with him.. It is a good way to see the city..but i feel they do not bring out the fun points of the city..the areas of interest that might want u to get off and explore..which are so many..and at least on this day..i just found it below par..
Friendly tour guides. Pricing not bad. With my 24 hour pass, I definitely took advantage of this not just for the tour but for transportation. They allowed you to hop on and hop off as much as you want within a 24 hour period. It's $27 for the 24 hour pass and $43 for the 48 hour pass.
Great shuttle service for our wedding guests. We went with the white school bus and I must say that is the way to go! It fit the most people and is their cheapest mode of transportation. I mean why add frills, it will be transporting a bus full of drunks by the end of the night. Save the dollars! Also, very professional and prompt too!
I would have to give the Philadelphia Trolley Works mixed reviews. We got our tickets really cheap at www.philadealphia.com, so I guess i won't complain too much. It is a great way to see the city and not have to worry about driving in traffic or finding a place to park. Sometimes you wait quite a bit for a bus/trolley that has room. Your tour will vary depending on the guide and driver combination you happen to draw. 

On the last leg of the tour we got on a double decker bus. It started to pour rain. All the people from up top crowded into the bottom of the bus. It was like a steam bath, so hot and humid. Rain started pouring through the bus, everyone was getting drenched. The driver and guide seemed unsure of what to do. They radioed some other trolleys to see if they had room. A few people got off, but most of the other trolleys and buses were full. At one point we pulled under a bridge to wait for the rain to slow. They were cool about the whole thing, but I got the feeling that they didn't know what to do in a situation like this and there should be a contingency plan in case of rain.
Rode the double decker bus, which was cool, especially since I got to sit up top on the second deck. That day though, it just happened to be so hot and humid though, so it was a tad bit unbearable that day. Still great to see all the main Philly downtown sites. You could get on and off the bus at any of the 20 different stops. I thought it was a decent price as well at $27 for a 2 hour tour. My big complaint was that if you were on the lower level of the bus, which i was on the second bus, it was so hot. Small windows didnt allow any air into the bus at all. It was like death down there. lol.
Before you go schlepping to Schuylkill Ave thinking you're going to board a trolley there, think again.  Best place to pick up the trolley is at the Independence Visitor Center at 6th and Market Street.  My traveling companions and I decided we would take the scenic route and ended up on Schuylkill Ave.  Thankfully, they were nice enough to print out directions on MapQuest for us and sent us on our way in the right direction.

Despite being the only one in my group that was not a student, the guy at the ticket counter was more than happy to honor the student price for each of us, which was $20.  Not bad for a 21 stop on/off trolley tour.  The trolley was comfortable and lucky for us, not completely packed, which left us room to run from side to side taking pictures of everything we passed.  The tour guide was incredibly knowledgeable and he made the tour fun and filled with interesting little tidbits.  It was also nice how the trolley stopped at the Philadelphia Museum of Art so everyone could take pictures with Rocky and if they wanted to, run up and down the stairs like Rocky did.  And since it was rather chilly outside, it was nice to explore the city while being in the warmth and comfort of a trolley.

We got off at South Street (stop 18, I believe), so we could check out a cheesesteak place as well as browse some of the shops.  As advised, I called the trolley line after we were done eating to see when the next trolley would arrive at South Street.  We had the option of 10 minutes or another hour.  In a hurry to continue our day (as the sun was starting to go down), we decided to forgo hopping back on the trolley and took a nice stroll back to the Visitor Center.  If we weren't leaving the next day, I would've liked to have returned to finish the tour since the tickets were good for 24 hours.  I guess that's just another reason to go back to Philly.
I survived a Philadelphia Trolley Works tour! The air conditioning ran so loudly that I could hardly hear the tour guide! The air conditioning did not cool the bus so I was drenched in sweat! Not all the windows would open. The tour guide never suggested that we open the windows. We had to figure that out for ourselves. In the back of the bus was a safety feature that had a metal rattle sound that was very loud when the bus turned or hit small and large bumps. My feet hurt from trying to keep myself from sliding off the lumpy seat. I have a terrible headache from this awful experience. In the middle of the tour I wanted to get a Lyft back to my car. This was a terrible way to spend my day off from work.
My friends and I were just in a production of Meet Me in St. Louis (you know, the Judy Garland movie with that song that goes, "Clang, clang, clang, went the trolley!"), so we decided that the coolest thing ever would be to charter a trolley for our senior prom transportation. It was a perfect plan. We were so excited to have a unique ride that meant so much to us. 

I called Philadelphia Trolley Works about three weeks before prom to reserve what we wanted. I spoke to somebody who took my name, phone number, and pick up and drop off location. He told me the trolley was mine, gave me a price, and said he'd be in touch.

No one ever got in touch. I called the company on June 1st (three days before prom) to make sure everything was still in order, as we hadn't been prompted to make payment yet. Nothing was in order. The associate who picked up the phone couldn't find record that I'd called at all, much less that I'd reserved a trolley. After a mild panic attack on my part, said associate kindly informed me that there WAS an available trolley for the day of my prom, and asked if I would like to reserve it. I did. He told me he'd have to speak to an adult, so I gave him my mother's cell phone number and he called her and sent over the contract (something that, I guess, should have been done when I'd called 3 weeks before. I got a "we'll be in touch" instead of a "we'll be proactive and send you the information you need so you don't have to spend the 72 hours before your prom on edge about whether or not you'll have a way to get there"). 

We received the contract. I noticed that our pickup address was listed incorrectly (even though I'd explicitly specified the town and zip code), so I called back around 1pm to fix the problem. At the end of the phone call, the associate I'd been dealing with informed me that he'd need the payment in full by 4:45 that afternoon so he could "tell the driver whether or not they'd be working." 

Now, I was not paying for this trolley by myself. My friends and I were going to split it evenly between us- I don't know any 17-or-18-year-old who has $900 to fork over at a moment's notice. The plan was to have my friend's father fax over his credit card information when he returned home from work at 7pm that night. They'd charge his card, we'd pay my friend. Simple. It would have been nice to know by when they wanted the money so we could have made a different plan, but they never specified. 

Instead, I spent a frustrated hour and a half on the phone with my friend (the source of the credit card) and my grandparents (the only people with a fax machine) trying to get the payment to Trolley Works. Everything had been sent by 3:30pm. An old-timey-vehicle-sized weight lifted off our chests. 

I got a call the next morning (THE MORNING OF PROM) that, while they'd received part of the contract, they hadn't received our credit card information. The pages of the contract, I confirmed minutes later, had been faxed within seconds of each other. I guess they hadn't thought to ask me about it when only one page of the contract came through. No, it'd definitely be better to wake me up on the day of my senior prom and tell me, "Hey, kid. Life is cruel. Here's another fun time crunch for you to stress about."

So, I spent the morning of my senior prom running around town with my friends to get the credit card form filled out and signed AGAIN by my friend's father. Eventually, it was faxed over. This time, we stayed on the phone with our associate friend to MAKE SURE he received it. 

I wish that was the end of the story. 

I'd been told the trolley would come to pick us up at 5:40pm. At around that time, I got a phone call from the driver telling me she was close, but there was traffic and she would be a few minutes later than expected. We understood, as there'd been a major road closing in our area. It could certainly take a few minutes to get around.

"A few minutes" turned into us still waiting outside for the trolley as the time neared 6:30. We'd called her twice to verify her location. She was vague in her answers, and didn't answer at all when we called her a third time.

It was 6:30 and we were finally on the trolley. We thought we were about to get going, and we started getting excited... But about 3 minutes into the ride, our driver asked if someone could give her their cell phone to use as a GPS. I hadn't realized that was our job- to assume the trolley company had its own GPS system and could navigate itself was apparently ridiculous. 

We eventually got to prom thanks to my friend's iPhone. At 11pm, the trolley was supposed to come and pick us up in front of the venue and take us to our post-prom. Naturally, she wasn't out front- it took us several minutes to find her all the way at the other end of the site, parked, with the lights out. Once we made our way over there, we found that the driver was asleep. 

It's sad that when I think back on my senior prom, I'll mostly remember this mess
