My boyfriend and I had the pleasure of doing City Brew Tours this afternoon with our awesome tour guide Sam. What I felt stood out and made Sam's tour above all of the other various brewery tours that I've been on, is his complete understanding of the chemistry aspect of the brewing process. It's one thing to be able to understand and recite the step by step process of brewing and some of the biological and chemical reactions, but Sam said he went to school in those fields so his knowledge of this fields of study was truly outstanding (and he also had some great stories about beer as well).

We visited Flying Fish (the largest and oldest brewery in New Jersey), Lunacy (a cult favorite brewery that I've actually never heard of that only brews at night given the lunar root of their name) and then Roy-Pitz (their main brewing location in not in Philadelphia, but their sours were brewed on site, which if you know anything about beer, sours and all other types of beer need to be kept separated) and Love City Brew Co (this was the last stop on our tour and was PACKED) in the Spring Garden Arts section of Philadelphia.

All of the breweries we visited we got a sort of "backstage" look at their specific brewing process as well as tasted four of their beers. On the third stop we had a late lunch/early dinner of sandwiches or burgers (which I didn't even finish because I was so full). Overall based on things learned, new breweries visited, food portion size, and overall tour guiding, I'd give City Brew Tours a 10/10 if it were possible on Yelp. By the end I couldn't even drink anymore beer (I'm tiny, sue me) and left with some new appreciation of some pretty cool breweries that I had never been too. 

I understand that not every tour goes to the same brewery, seeing as not all will have the same availability week to week, so I'd defs be interested to do another Brew Tour and get to explore some other breweries as well.

City Brew Tours was a full day of fun, facts and brews, would highly recommend!
My fiance and I took the After Hours Brew Tour on Wednesday, February 17th, 2016. This tour is approximately 5 hours long and filled with fun, information, good food, and GREAT BEER! Our "Beer Guide" Patrick was amazing and I can say that I was so sad to separate from our intimate little group of five at the end of the night. The customer service was great and the tours included on the trip were top notch. So for the run down of our evening...

First, my fiance and I were running late (crazy Jersey traffic) and almost missed the bus. As instructed in the email we contacted customer service and received a call within like 5 minutes. Were were able to communicate with our group and they waited for us. Phenomenal customer service... seriously! We met up wither our guide Patrick and two others on the tour (shout out to Dave & Sean!). Our tour visited Yards, 2nd Story, Dock Street, and Brauhaus Schmitz, in that order, and included a family style dinner at 2nd Story (formerly Triumph). Patrick drove us from place to place filling our noggins with beer knowledge along the way and creating a great atmosphere for the group. We chatted so much that the time flew by and before we knew it we were being dropped off at the starting point. Some stops included an intimate conversation with the brewery staff (Brauhaus, Dock Street) others were led by our "Beer Guide" (2nd Story, Yards). I think going on a night like Wednesday was good because we had a small group of enthusiastic beer geeks. I would totally do this again!

The key to a great tour of any kind is the enthusiasm and knowledge of the tour guide. And Patrick did not disappoint. This guy is a beer whiz! Not only was he well versed in the beers and brewing histories of the breweries we visited, but his overall beer knowledge made me feel like I was at the best field trip ever. Also, Patrick is everyone's friend! He has clearly made a point of building relationships with the brewery staffs and I felt like a VIP just because he was with us. Example: one of the stops was Dock Street Brewery. Well they hold a school supply drive I believe once a month and for bringing in supplies you get to try out a new brew as a thank you for supporting the local community. Patrick knew it was the night so he brought along school supplies to donate just so we could get an extra special tasting. Seriously top notch service!

The only disappointment I would say was that at Yards we did not get to tour the brewery. We solely received a sampler. It wasn't the worst though because it left room for us to talk a lot about the beer and the unique flavors they work with. My highlight was the confit wings at 2nd story. Like these wings were EVERYTHING! EV-ER-Y-THING! All the breweries were local and doing really unique fun things with beer. 2nd Highlight would be the smoked beer at Brauhaus Schmitz, the bartender was great and very knowledgeable about German beer. And the #1 highlight again is Patrick. Like Patrick is awesome... "BEER GUIDE OF THE YEAR!"

So enough rambling. Really this is a great deal and if you're into beer and not just getting drunk but really learning about beer and trying new things then this is the tour for you. We got a deal on Groupon for two people for $105. I think I had a coupon too for 20% of for Valentine's day so it was even cheaper. All in all I highly recommend!
We LOVED the Philly Brew Tour.  Gil was an amazing tour guide - he is entertaining and also extremely knowledgable about the brewing process, Philadelphia breweries and the history of beer.  We visited Yards, 2nd Story, Dock St and Brahaus Schmidt's.  We had delicious beer samplings at each stop and we also had great food pairings at 2nd Story.  The entire night was fantastic - we highly recommend using Philly Beer Tours as a local resident or a tourist - great times for all!!!
Overall, I would give a 4.5 but I'm rounding up to 5 stars. 

Our tour started a half hour late due to the traffic from the Flower Show but our tour ran over so we didn't miss out on any of the stops. The first stop was Flying Fish Brewing Company in Somerdale, NJ. We walked through the brewery and learned about the brewing process. Then we sat at a table in the tasting room and tried some of their beers. Same deal for the next three stops, we had a tour then tasted their beer. Our second stop was Double Nickel Brewing Company in Pennsauken, NJ. Then it was back to Philadelphia where we stopped at Dock Street Brewing Company where we ate. And the fourth and final stop was St Benjamin Brewing Company.

Our guide did an awesome job! Each stop was very informative.

The only thing I was disappointed about, was the food. The food itself was de-li-cious. Pizza from Dock Street, you can't go wrong. But for 11 people, we had 4 pies to split. So I was bummed when I only had two slices. Especially after drinking a ton of beer samples, I was starving! It appears from other reviews, other tour goers had entire meals. My suggestion is bring some snacks for the car ride otherwise you might end up hangry.
First, I should start by explaining that I am NOT a "Beer Drinker."  I am NOT obsessed with drinking craft beers nor do I really understand the brewing process.  With that said, I LOVED the Philly brew tour and would highly recommend it to Beer Connoisseurs or to people like me, who have a vague interest in beer. 

I went on to a Boston Brew Tour last year with my boyfriend (who is obsessed with beer).  The tour was great!  It was informative and I have a much greater appreciation for beer now that I understand the history and the process of making it.  Plus, I got to try a lot of cool beers and eat yummy food.

I had so much fun on the Brew Tour in Boston, my friends and I decided to go on the Philly Brew Tour last weekend.  The Philly Brew Tour has a similar set up to the Boston Brew Tour.  We got "VIP" access at all the breweries and the distiller we visited. It was interesting to hear about the history behind each tour stop and the products they offered.  My favorite stop was Dock Street Brewery in West Philly because we got to see the famous Wu-Tang Clan Beer.  

 I would highly recommend this tour for people visiting Philly because it takes you to neighborhoods tourists normally don't see.  As a visitor, I enjoy a mix of seeing the tourist areas as well as visiting "real" neighborhoods.     This tour provides the perfect mix.

The Philly Brew Tour is great (thus, why I gave it 5 stars).  So, be sure to check it out.
This tour contains a plethora of information on beer, its role in history, and its current place in Philadelphia. The tour guides provide a lot of entertainment and information in addition to promoting the breweries discussing their own operations and principles related to beer. 

The tour also provided a sizable amount of beer and delicious food throughout the tour to keep everyone satisfied
Sam was our tour guide and he was awesome! He kept the tour very engaging with stories in between breweries. We had a great little group of people and it made the tour even better. The breweries are varied from big to the small time brewery which gave it different vibes. I like the eclipse brewery in NJ because they have some strong beers lol 18% ABV. Will definitely do it again.
We really had a great time. Gill (sorry for calling you glen once) was awesome. Very knowledgeable, funny and all around nice guy. The establishments we visited had all nice staff as well. He definitely showed us some places we never knew existed. Thanks Gill!! We had a great time!
Had an excellent time celebrating my birthday on the Philly Brew Tour.  Went on the Sip of Philly and in a three hour time period tasted 12 different beers.  The first two stops Dock Street South and Love City were curated by our guide Sam.  He chose unique beers for each location and also accounted for each drinkers tastes.  At Dock Street South we had a Barley Wine which was amazing.  Everything at Love City was full of flavor, especially the Hazy IPA.  The tour itself really took us behind the scenes at both of those locations.  Sam, our guide, was extremely knowledgeable, professional, and willing to answer all of the questions being thrown his way.  His face lit up when talking about the brewing process, and he really knew the history of each location.  Our third stop was Yards, by that time the beer really started to hit.  Yards was more about the Taphouse and less about seeing their process.  It felt commercial, unlike the prior two stops.  We all received the Revolutionary Flight, which was actually a very unique tasting experience.  These beers were very different, and again Sam's knowledge of each and his story telling prowess really made the experience that much better.  

All in all, it's worth the money, expect to have a good buzz at the end.  If I wanted to drop a star, I'd say a better snack would be appreciated but I'll give them a COVID pass (restrictions prevented the soft philly pretzel).  We did have time to get food at Yards which was very good.  The Sip of Philly goes by fast and we drank more beer than I expected to drink.  If you go, you'll want Sam as your guide, great guide, good person.
