If you have been wondering or thinking about a Segway Tour...Do It!  I was anxious (reference one of those pics of me..lol); excited and I couldn't wait to learn how to use this machine to explore some of the Mural Arts on the City!  Our instructor/guide D was very patient and insightful guide as he explained the history of the Mural Arts program in Philadelphia!

Our tour started from Columbus Blvd and went through Northern Liberties and Chinatown!  I was nervous to go in the streets in the beginning, but once I got my confidence I was enjoying the tour as well as the ease the we went through the neighborhoods!

The tour was great and I am now hooked on Segways..I will be exploring Segway Tours when I travel in other cities or countries!

Great job Philly Tour Hub!
We had an awesome time "Segwaying" our way through Philly on a 2 hour tour.  We went all over the city and it was so much fun.  A whole new way to take in the sites.

Our tour guide, Barry, was wonderful. He was really knowledgeable about the city and had been giving these tours for years.  He even commutes to work on his very own Segway!  True sign you love what you do.  I was nervous at first to get on the Segway, but Barry was really patient and helped us get comfortable with the Segway before we embarked on our journey. 

Along our route, Barry took photos of us and they were e-mailed that evening.  A nice bonus!  (except some were a bit blurry)

They offer both 1 and 2 hour tours.  A 1 hour tour may be enough, I was getting a little tired standing on the Segway for 2 hours, but its personal preference. If you are looking for something fun and different to do, consider the Segway tour.
I purchased a private Rocky Tour, my wife is a huge Rocky fan.

Trevor was A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!  

He picked us up on time from the AirBNB my family had rented, it was a nice Town and Country Minivan, and we felt like we had plenty of space.

Trevor had a very relaxed, easy going nature about him - to boot he was extremely knowledgeable on a wide variety of topics.  Everyone in our party of 6 learned something that day. 

He was attentive to our needs and made adjustments as needed (food, bathroom).  It was the best way to experience the city.  The best part for me was the stop at Di Bruno Bros cheese shop, I will not say how much as a group we dropped, but the private impromptu tastings they made for us were amazing.
What an awesome time! Once you get over the fear of not being able to stop, you'll have fun! Once you arrive for your tour, you'll watch a video of all the things you don't want to do. You'll pick a helmet then climb on a segway and "practice". Once everyone in your group is trained, you'll be on your way.

Our tour guide Mike was friendly and very knowledgeable of the city.

I would recommend this segway tour to anyone. Even if you're local, you might learn something new!

FYI - You're legs will be stiff after segway-ing around. So I wouldn't plan on running a marathon the next day.
We didn't book a tour but we did buy a few items from the gift shop.  The guy was friendly and helpful with our shopping. 

Thanks for treating us out of towners well.
We had a great segway tour with three friends.  The guide was fabulous. She understood that we were from Philadelphia, and that all of us had seen the historical sites a billion times, and that we really wanted to learn to ride the segway. She adapted her presentation to allow us to do that. Scheduling was easy, the tour areas were terrific. It was safe and cool to do.  We all decided that it would be a great way to see a new city and will look for Awfully Nice Tours like this one wherever we go!
Andy was great! Very knowledgeable. Exceptionally easy to deal with. Very communicative and a great person. I can't wait to take one of the other tours.
My entire family had the BEST time on our tour from Phily by Segway! Ben met our group and helped to train us before we began the tour. He took his time with each of us (there were 6 of us), until we all felt comfortable enough to "glide."  Ben then used our walkie-talkies to give a VERY thorough tour of the city and took great pictures of us. Before going on the tour, my mom was terrified of going on the segways, but by the end she didn't want to stop! Thank you Ben for a very memorable family experience!!
Andy is the owner and tour guide. Very knowledgable accommodating and nice person.  Recommend him highly
Spent a few days in Philly and my boyfriend and I thought the segways would  be a great way to see the sights the city had to offer. Boy are we glad we did this!! Our guide was Owen. He was a delight! He was very helpful in showing us the how-to on using the segways and the tour itself was a ball! He was very knowledgeable and had a great sense of humor! I feel as though we got to see so much. Definitely recommend this, you see waay more on these then if you were on foot.
Barry was amazing. He definitely made the tour worth it. Highly recommend for anyone who lives in the Philly area or visiting. My partner has lived here their whole life and I've been here for about three years. We enjoyed it and learned. Friends from out of town loved it and would do it again. Segways are harder than they look. One hour on the Segway was enough but wanted to see more of the city. Your feet fall asleep...don't know if I would have made the two hour tour but definitely more to see on that one.
My son and I took a 2 hour cheesesteak Segway tour earlier today. We had a really good time. Barry, our tour guide was excellent. You get a quick training session on riding the segways. If anyone is concerned about safety with riding them in the streets of Philly, don't worry. Barry was very good with navigating. Never during the tour was I the least bit concerned about our safety. He took us to five different spots for cheesteaks. I won't say which ones because I don't wanna ruin the surprise for anyone but all are must go to places. After all nobody makes a cheesesteak the same. A lot of good information throughout the tour. Philly by Segway has multiple different tour options and I imagine you would enjoy any one of them. We had a great time and would highly recommend them.
Great tour, comprehensive training with video and practical part. 
They really try to get you comfortable before letting you out on the road. Watch out for cobblestone roads as I took my only fall there. 
It was great otherwise. Fred was very knowledgeable and funny. 
We took the one hour tour, time flew as we were having fun.
It was a great Father's Day time with my daughter.
Will definitely do it again!
I've done segway tours in multiple cities (Nashville, Dallas, Minneapolis, St. Paul, Chicago, etc.) and this was by far the worst tour I've ever been on. Philadelphia has SOOO much history and fun facts and the only thing I learned on this tour was that was Philadelphia is the mural capital of the world..which google says Los Angeles is. Owen, our guide, was so concerned with riding the segway that he was never pointing things out or telling us facts. There was even times we were stopped waiting for traffic and the tour was dead silent. If you want to ride segways...it's a fun activity. If you want to learn about Philadelphia and see the sites...I would not recommend this tour.
My boyfriend and I did a tour here today. We came to philly for the weekend and had never ridden on segways. There was a groupon for $62.00 for two people to do a 2 hour tour, and so we went for it. Our tour guide was Owen and we had a great time!

Great things: Owen was super friendly. I loved his energy and we felt very safe with him. We were able to try the segways during a mini training and it was really easy for us to pickup.  Loved seeing all the sites,  we covered a ton of places in an hour. 

Okay things: The actual content of the tour, wasn't much. It was a little scattered and didn't have a ton of depth. However,  90% of this tour is seeing cool parts of the city and being on a segway, which I would totally do again.

It's a good company and I recommend tours with them. I can imagine during a beautiful summer, it's probably even better.
This was a perfect way to see the city on a nice spring day. Our tour guide was excellent and made us feel very safe and relaxed. Even if you feel a little silly at first, try it. Segways are easy and fun.
We took a half day Rocky Tour with Chris and couldn't have asked for it to be any better. He was delightful and super knowledgeable about Rocky and all things Philly. My 8-year old who is obsessed with Rocky had the best time ever. Chris is a wonderful tour guide and I recommend him highly.
This was my first Segway tour. Upon arrival we were promptly seated in the corner to watch their safety video. Unfortunately there was another group literally right behind us learning the Segways. So it was very hard to hear what was being said in the video.

When it came time to train on the Segways, each person got 1 on 1 time with the guide. It was pretty quick, but we were all offered more time to get back on if needed. They make sure to stress safety here at Philly by Segway. As for the tour itself, it was perfectly paced. 

Our guide (Fred i think) was very friendly and there were never any dead spots during the entire hour. He was also very prepared, having several walkie-talkies ready when my girlfriend had two that died on her. One big problem I had though is that it could he hard to hear unless the walkie-talkie is right next to your face. 

Overall it was a very pleasant experience.  We were able to hit most of the popular spots in the city. Some that we didn't have time to fit in (magic gardens, Italian market) and a few we didn't think of (Pennsylvania hospital, historic houses).
Adam was a fantastic tour guide. His knowledge of and love for Philly make for a great experience. We took a newer tour- "Philadelphia history, highlights, and revolution." It offered a great mix of old and new and referenced some of the unacknowledged history of First Nations and people who were enslaved. Highly recommend!
