Aufgrund der günstigen Parkplätze sind wir auch in der Philadelphia Chinatown (费城华埠) gelandet. Diese wird, wie viele andere Chinatowns in amerikanischen Großstädten, vorwiegend von Asiaten bewohnt.

Die Chinatown erstreckt sich über das Gebiet von der Vine Street im Norden bis zur Arch Street im Süden und von der North Franklin Street und North 17th Street im Osten bis zur Nord Broad Street im Westen. Entstanden ist sie in der Mitte des 19. Jahrhunderts als kantonesische Einwanderer in Philadelphia Wäschereien und Restaurants gründeten. In jüngeren Jahren kamen andere Immigranten aus ostasiatischen Ländern wie Korea , Thailand und Vietnam hinzu.

Die imposanteste Sehenswürdigkeit ist die 40 Meter hohe Chinatown Friendship Gate das als Symbol für den kulturellen Austausch und die Freundschaft zwischen Philadelphia und seiner chinesischen Partnerstadt Tianjin gebaut wurde. Das Tor wurde am 31. Januar 1984 eingeweiht.

In der Chinatown kann man eine große Anzahl von Restaurants mit ostasiatischer, kantonesischer, taiwanesischer, birmanischer, japanischer, koreanischer und vietnamesischer Küche finden und ein Dutzend verschiedener Hong Kong-Style Bäckereien.

Ansonsten fand ich die Philadelphia Chinatown nicht so interessant. Als Ausgangspunkt zur Besichtigung der Stadt fand ich es dort aber ideal, denn man ist relativ rasch fußläufig in der Market Street. Wer früh morgens dran ist, wird bei vielen Parkplätzen in der Chinatown mit einem Early Bird Angebot belohnt.
Over the years living in and around Philadelphia I have come to love its Chinatown. No, it isn't as big and old as the one in Manhattan, nor as historic with twisted alleys as San Francisco's, but for being 175 years old it has its own gritty exotic charm with good restaurants, shops and second story businesses that keep this commercial center thriving. The original Chinese zone was much larger than the core 5 city blocks between Race and Arch, but the demands for land for the Ben Franklin Bridge, Convention Center, Vine Street Expressway, Round House, and Federal Detention Center, have carved up the neighborhood to what we see today. Luckily growth is happening to the north to Callowhill Street, and the south around Washington Street. 

I am there once or twice a month to shop in the basement grocery for Chinese ingredients I can't find in the burbs, to get a haircut, and have lunch or dinner at one of the dozens of kitchens offering cuisine from all over China. If my sweet tooth is active, there are now bakeries, bubble tea and Thai ice cream shops galore. 

The Friendship Gate on 10th Street is worth walking under to capture the magic carved and painted into it by artisans from Tianjin. 

Parking is always an issue, so if you live in center city, walk or Uber over. Otherwise, be prepared to pay for space on the edges of C'town that add to the cost of an otherwise inexpensive experience.
Well visiting Philadelphia my family and I got to visit China town. We drove around Chinatown and got out to pictures of some of the sites and scenery that I had to offer. I was pretty amazed that almost every city of North that's large has a Chinatown which I just didn't know really existed because yeah I'm from the Midsouth Midwest and we don't have Little Italy or China town so I don't know if it's just really large cities that have them but I know I've seen New York have it in Philadelphia I have it in San Francisco have it also but anyway this one was pretty cool And worth checking out
If it were in Virginia, it'd be VA-Chinatown. And I'd come here even more. So to speak.

One thing I am certain of, is that it's more exciting that the largest city in Saskatchewan. Without doubt, you're better off in Chinatown than Reginatown.

Philadelphia has a beautiful Chinatown with little alleys and a crisscross of roads that reminds me a little bit of a slightly larger Boston Chinatown, and it's significantly better than the one in DC, but what isn't.

It's a traditional Chinatown with a big gate right in the heart of the city, which makes for a great tourist attraction. There is some really great Boba around here too, as well as some not-so-good Boba.

But I would say some of the best Boba in the Philly area is within 4 blocks of this gate, and there's plenty of amazing food located right here in Chinatown, which makes it a real destination for us, and we like it. Parking is an issue though, like at your mother's place.

For Boba try Mr Wish, KFT, Mr Camp, Tsaocaa, Tea Do (open later), and more.

My old review said:

A lot of people think of NYC and San Francisco as the Chinatowns of the USA. But cities like Boston, DC, Houston and Philadelphia have wonderful Chinatowns of their own, complete with the "gate" and all.

The Philly Chinatown is much smaller and less-frequented than the one in NYC, but it's absolutely wonderful. It's mainly just 1 street, although technically it's several square blocks. The one street is like being in China itself, but in a Philly terraced row-houses neighbourhood setting. There's a little of everything, and if you like Chinese food and goods, you'll never get tired. There are some nice dessert and bubble tea shops along here too.

Perhaps the best part is that Chinatown Philly is close to everything. It's about 10 minutes walk from the Liberty Bell and 5 minutes walk from Reading Terminal Market, which has much of the best food in town. It's one of the most notable and enjoyable little Chinese neighborhoods in North America.

So if you feel saddened or down
I know just what will erase your frown
We'll both strip down naked
Steal a car, and take it
Out joyriding in Chinatown.
I dig Chinatown in Philly. It has always been a uniquely cool place for myself since my college days. Chinatown is an overload for the senses, from the smells, the tastes, the scenery and the hustle and bustle.

Chinatown Philly is a must stop when visiting Philadelphia. The location is very close to Old City and the historic areas.  The choices of different Pan Asian cuisines in a concentrated area are outstanding and varied. Chinatown is also evolving, there are new younger and hipper places juxtaposed with the old and classic Chinatown establishments.

My personal favorites are Dim Sum Garden, Nan Zhou Hand Drawn Noodle House, Rangoon and Terwakawa Ramen. There is also a new food court on Race Street called Chinatown Square. I have not tried this yet, but it looks very nice with a decent array of food options. For desserts there are several bubble tea and rolled ice cream shops plus A La Mouse, a Japanese-French style café. There are even several hair salons that have late hours and reasonable prices.

Anything is possible is Chinatown, at least food wise.
If you've never been to Philadelphia Chinatown before, it's worth checking out. It's located just one block away from Philadelphia City Hall and is adjacent to the very popular Reading Terminal Market, so it's convenient to other must-see spots in the city.

By my count, Chinatown takes up about 21 city blocks. The Pennsylvania Convention Center takes up roughly a quarter of the neighborhood. Like other Chinatowns in big American cities, Philly's Chinatown is relatively old and densely-packed. Food is a big draw, of course, with restaurants serving not only Chinese food like dim sum and Peking duck, but also Japanese ramen and yakitori, Korean fried chicken, Malaysian, Thai, and Vietnamese cuisine, and vegetarian food. There are also Asian bakeries and bubble tea galore.

The official entrance to Chinatown is located on the south side of the neighborhood on N 10th St at Arch St. The gate is known as the Friendship Gate or Friendship Arch (https://www.yelp.com/biz/chinatown-friendship-gate-philadelphia). It's a vehicular gate and, ironically, traffic flows only one-way: out of Chinatown. N 10th St is also home to the Chinese Cultural & Community Center as well as the Mandarin-language campus of the Chinese Christian Church & Center (https://www.yelp.com/biz/chinese-christian-church-and-center-philadelphia-2).

I attended a wedding at the church's Vine Campus which is less than a five-minute walk away. Vine St forms Chinatown's north border with N Broad St to the west, N 7th St to the east, and Arch St to the south. The neighborhood immediately north of Chinatown, Callowhill, is referred to by many as Chinatown North. The Asian Arts Initiative, a non-profit community and arts center, is located there (https://www.yelp.com/biz/asian-arts-initiative-philadelphia).

If you want to sight-see and explore Chinatown, N 10th St at Race St is a good place to start. From there, there's a lot of stuff to see in every direction.

In addition to being close to City Hall and Reading Terminal Market, Chinatown is also only a block away from the National Constitution Center, Independence National Historical Park, and other historic spots on the east side of town.
Philadelphia's Chinatown may not be the largest - but it has many wonderful things to explore.  Of course, the wonderful food - restaurants, tea houses, pastry & bake shops and grocery stores.  Also Chinese culture - and gifts galore.  Much fun to come here during the Chinese New Year - but to me it is even better to come here when it is NOT a celebration - just a "normal" day - like on a Tuesday or Wednesday in the spring or fall and stroll the streets and have a leisurely lunch.

Must explore Chinatown!
