Sure, the "Rocky Steps" and "Rocky Statue" are inspirational (and famous photo ops), but, honestly, take your pic and run up those 72 steps as quickly as possible because inside is where you'll find the real inspiration of the Philadelphia Museum of Art.

 * Admission prices cover 2 consecutive days
 * So, try to come back-to-back days to see it all
 * Admission also includes the nearby Rodin Museum
 * Adults: $20; Seniors: $18; Students: $14
 * Children (12 & under) are FREE
 * Pay What You Wish 1st Sundays and every Wednesday night
 * Closed Mondays
 * Open other days 10:00a - 5:00p
 * Open late until 8:45 every Wed. & Fri.
 * Parking is $12 for 4 hrs then $2/hr
 * Instead, take SEPTA or PHLASH
 * No food or drink in galleries
 * Onsite cafes have sandwiches, salads, & soups
 * Permanent collection photography is allowed (no flash)
 * Coat check is on the ground floor near the store
 * All-gender bathrooms are available
 
Some of my favorite pieces of inspiration at the Philadelphia Museum of Art include: 

 * Lute Player (c. 1620) by Theodor Rombouts (Flemish) 
 * Portrait of Harriett West (c. 1824-1825) by Sir Thomas Lawrence (English)
 * Christ and the Virgin (1430-1435) by Robert Campin (Netherlandish)
 * Portrait of a Lady (1577-1580) attributed to El Greco (Domenikos Theotokopoulos) (Spanish, born Crete) 
 * Little Dancer, Aged Fourteen (Cast 1922) by Edgar Degas (French)
 * Avenue de l'Opera: Morning Sunshine (1898) by Camille Pissaro (French)
 * Portrait of a Roman Lady (La Nanna) (1859) by Sir Frederic Leighton (English)
 * Under the Pines, Evening (1888) by Claude Monet (French)
 * Carnival Evening (1886) by Henri Rousseau (French)
 * The Japanese Footbridge and the Water Lily Pool, Giverny (1899) by Claude Monet (French)
 * The Large Bathers (1884-1887) by Pierre-Auguste Renoir (French) 
 * L'Ornière (The Rut) (1918) by Joan Miró (Spanish)
 * Sunflowers (1888 or 1889) by Vincent van Gogh (Dutch)
 * Diana (1892-1893) by Augustus Saint-Gaudens (American)
 * The Counterfeit Note (1858) by Daniel Huntington (American)
 * Portrait of Marianne Holbech (1781-1782) by George Romney (English)  
 * The Goat Girl (c. 1868) by Jean-Francois Millet (French)
 * Bicycle Race (1938) by Antonio Ruiz (Mexican)
 * Man in a Cafe (1912) by Juan Gris (Spanish)
 * Man with a Guitar (1912) by Pablo Picasso (Spanish) 
 * Departing for the Promenade (Will You Go Out with Me, Fido?) (1859) by Alfred-Emile-Leopold Stevens (Belgian)
 * Liverpool from Wapping (c. 1885) by John Atkinson Grimshaw (English)
 * Spanish Woman (1855) by Gustave Courbet (French)
 * Portrait of Mademoiselle Legrand (1875) by Pierre-Auguste Renoir (French)
 * At the Moulin Rouge: The Dance (1890) by Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec (French)

The Philadelphia Museum of Art's inspirational collection of paintings, sculptures, and history rivals any motivation the Rocky movies can provide.
Fantastic museum to visit when you're in the area, a top Philadelphia attraction. Some of the great artist favorites:  Picasso, Monet, Rembrandt. Fantastic temporary exhibits: the Fashion Exhibit was a favorite of ours. And always amusing watching people make the "Rocky run" up the steps and line up to take photographs by the Rocky statue.
This is one of the premier museums in the country with a continuous serious of exhibits that maintain the imagination and interest.  The current exhibition, Cezanne and Beyond, is certainly worth a trip to Philadelphia.  What can we see in Jasper John that evokes Cezanne?  Come to Philadelphia and take a look.  Remarkable exhibit, highly recommended.
We climbed the 72 stone steps at the entrance of the Philadelphia Museum of Art, also known as the "Rocky Steps", well unlike Rocky I was not dancing around with my arms stretched to the sky like a champ, I was found leaning to the side catching my breath before entering the museum. 

The Creative Africa exhibit was $10, if you want to tour the entire museum it's $20, definitely have to make that clear when you get to the desk, because they will ring you up for $20 *side eye*.

The exhibit is located in the Perelman building, which we took a shuttle to from in back of the main museum. The Perelman has a modern art deco design all white with an atrium in the middle of the foyer. The staff is extremely kind and very helpful. It is known for having one of the finest collections of art books and periodicals in the region.

The exhibit included contemporary photography, fashion, and architecture centuries-old sculptures. 5 separate exhibits in one building. Vlisco: African Fashion on a Global Stage, The Architecture of Francis Kéré: Building for Community, Threads of Tradition, Art Splash, and Dancer Nora Chipaumire

Since I love Fashion and that's what we came for, here it is:  

Dutch company Vlisco (pronounced V-lisco) became one of the most well- known textile brands in West and Central African fashion. This exhibition explores the company's most popular designs, the creative process of making new textiles, and a host of absolutely gorgeous contemporary fashion that women and men are walking the runways in Africa and Europe right now.

Also on display, traditional African textiles with a movie that showed the complex and intricate techniques used to create them, including the process and history behind Kente Cloth, which is worn as a sign of wealth and prestige. 

After seeing this exhibition, I had to compose my attitude as of lately on the streets of DC I have seen this large influx of people wearing fake African textiles (sold on the street). I know everyone cannot afford the real stuff, afterall its the sentiment that counts. I get all that, but, one look at this exhibit and taking in the actual work that is put into African clothing that will basically last forever, will make anyone think twice before they purchase an imitation. The value is in the intense labor and  the spirit behind it. Authentic African Clothing is expensive, but seeing this exhibit is just a confirmation as to why it is sooooo worth it!  

Creative Africa will be available at the Perelman building until January 22, 2017.
The Philadelphia Museum of Art is definitely one of my favorite Museums.  First of all, the location is beautiful.  The grounds are immaculate and well maintained.  Truth be told, I actually ended up taking my Engagement AND wedding photos here (not why you necessarily visit, but whatevs).

The space itself is beautiful.  The construction for the building started in 1919 and it finally opened in 1928, that's just a fun fact!  It's really beautiful sitting atop Fairmont Hill overlooking the water and the Fairmont area.  The building is massive, and I always love walking up those steps (past the people posing as Rocky....) towards those giant doors.

Hours are pretty great, the museum is open 10 AM - 5 PM Tuesday through Sunday, and they're closed on Monday - pretty standard.  Wednesday and Friday the main building (the best building) is open late until 8:45 PM!  

Admission is what I expect, but the First Sunday of the month is "Pay What You Wish" admission - pretty nice!  This is also true for every Wednesday from 5 PM - 8:45 PM as well!  Otherwise, prices are below:
Adults $25
Seniors $23
Students/Youth (ages 13-18) $20
Children (ages 5-12) $12
Children 4 and under Free

There Philadelphia Museum is actually made of up a couple buildings: the main building, perelman building, rodin Museum, and Historic Houses Cedar Grove @ Mount Pleasant (never been to this last one).

According to the website, the highlights of their art collection include, the world's largest & most important works by Marcel Duchamp, the greatest collection of sculpture by Constantin Brancusi (outside Europe), the finest  collection of Auguste Rodin's sculpture in the US, Superb Impressionist and Post-Impressionist paintings, including Paul Cézanne's The Large Bathers, Vincent van Gogh's Sunflowers, and important paintings by Édouard Manet, Claude Monet, Pierre-Auguste Renoir, Camille Pissarro, and Edgar Degas.  Exceptional American painting, sculpture, furniture, silver, and ceramics - that reflect Philadelphia's central role in American history.
The iconic Philadelphia Art Museum definitely delivers. It's a great way to learn about different art periods and cultures along with being exposed to new offerings that are unexpected but definitely welcomed!

Walking in, the entrance is exceptional. You walk up the steps (yes THE famous Rocky steps) and have a moment to peep the view once you make it to the large landing. Walking in the workers are very welcoming and guide you in so you can register as well as offer different tidbits on the current exhibitions. I really enjoyed the Japanese Tea Garden and Indian exhibit!

I recommend going on a weekend day so you have a good amount of time to peer through the galleries. There are also additional locations you can visit which are accessible via a Trolley! Definitely try to stop by the Perelman Building!

Have fun meandering at this must see Philadelphia site!
I visited the Philly Museum of Art for the first time last Fri. with my parents.  When the weather didn't cooperate with our plans to hit the beach, they suggested that we visit the Art Museum instead, since I'd never seen it, despite having gone on several trips to the Philly Zoo and the Franklin Institute, as well as the Liberty Bell and Independence Hall, growing up.  Having visited the National Gallery of Art in DC and the Chicago Museum of Art, as well as the Carnegie Museum of Art in Pittsburgh, I was curious to see how Philly's art museum compares.

We spent about 4 hours in the museum, and covered about half of it, including the impressionist section, the American art section, and medieval armor section, and a quick jaunt through the medieval art section.  My favorite sections of the ones that we visited were the impressionist section and the medieval armor section.  The impressionist section has several famous works by Claude Monet, Vincent Van Gogh, Edgar Degas, Mary Cassatt, and many other artists of this period.  It was really cool to see several works in person that I'd previously seen in textbooks, and to learn that some of these artists, such as Cassatt, had local ties.  As for the armor, I'd never seen medieval armor in person before, so it was awesome to see many different styles up close and personal.  Some of the highlights of this section included a Viking spear, a set of armor owned by German King Maximilian, and a complete set of armor for knight and horse, similar to the type replicated for Renaissance festivals.

Because I hadn't been the museum before, we didn't opt to visit the special exhibit, which is on Impressionism at present.  I'm sure I would have enjoyed it, though, given my love of impressionist art.  Note that the special exhibits require an additional fee ($10 at present if you purchase admission).  Also, it's my understanding that the Art Museum holds extended hours on Fridays at which there is live music and beverages and hors d'ouvres are available for purchase.  There are also extended hours on Wed. at which you can pay what you wish for admission after 5pm, as well as on the first Sun. of the month during normal hours.  If you drive and park in the museum garage, be sure to get your ticket validated before you leave so you can pay the discounted rate of $12, instead of $32.  Normal admission is $20, and discounts are available for students, seniors, and ACCESS users.

If you visit, be sure to go out front on the first floor to see the Rocky steps and statue, as well as a great view of Broad St. and the Philly downtown skyline.  I didn't run up and down the steps or take a picture with them, but they're fun to see firsthand, nonetheless.  The quality of the collections are on par with the Chicago and DC art museums I've visited, and the admission is only $2 more than the Carnegie Museum of Art, which it is a cut above.  Overall, the Philly Museum of Art is a must see attraction if you're visiting Philly or live in the area, so be sure to check it out to get a nice dose of art history and culture!
Very nice museum that is huge and offers so many great statues and public displays of art. I love everything about this place. It was very neat to see all the famous pieces of art. I would highly recommend this to anyone that loves art and appreciates things like this.
Enjoyed this beautiful museum.  Take in the one hour collection your that is offered to get a quick glance if museum highlights.   The museum has lots to offer and will leave you inspired.
Few places make me happier than the PMA does.

Is it the biggest art museum around?  Well no -- the Met is bigger.

Is it the most accessible?  Not really.  The wings with medieval and Renaissance art are baffling to me most of the time.

But -- is it my favorite art museum in the world?  YES.

I have so many wonderful memories here.

I started coming to the PMA when I moved to Philly to go to school, at the not-so-ripe age of 18.  Whenever life would stress me out, I'd take a weekend afternoon and come to the PMA to wander through the galleries and forget about the outside world.  I had a museum membership at the time, so I never worried about whether I could afford to go as often as I would like.  The highlight of my day would be racing up the Rocky steps, taking in the breathtaking view of the Philly skyline, wandering in to receive my little admission pin, and enjoying the spectacle of the massive statue of Artemis welcoming me into my home away from home.

I don't care how touristy they are -- the Rocky steps are amazing and worth the kitsch.

There's just so much to wander through.  You have ancient art... Renaissance art... contemporary art... Western art... Eastern art... permanent exhibitions... rotating exhibitions... in a sprawling and gorgeous space.   Each of the wings had little hidden rooms, which were easy to miss if you weren't in the know.  Ever wanted to know what it was like to live in a Baroque French parlor?  The PMA provides.  Ever wanted to see Monet's Japanese Footbridge in the flesh?  The PMA has that too.

--- Flash forward 10 years ---

I no longer live within walking distance of the PMA, so I make a point of revisiting it every time I come to town.  

Some things have changed.  The front-door security seems to have gotten stricter, for example.  Paradoxically, they've gotten laxer when it comes to photography inside the museum.  They used to forbid it, but I suppose they've taken a "if you can't beat 'em, join 'em" attitude in this era of iPhone cameras. 

(Absolutely no flash, of course.)

The gorgeous interior and serene vibe of the place haven't changed a bit, however.

The highlight of my most recent visit was the special exhibit of Zoe Strauss photography.   Quite a powerful collection of everyman photos that the artist plastered onto billboards all over the tri-state area.  This exhibit is definitely worth seeing if you have an opportunity.  I'm usually not big into souvenirs, but I ultimately succumbed to my temptation to take a a postcard home with me.

Few cities in this hemisphere have as much cultural richness as Philly.  And the PMA is the proverbial crème de la crème.   It doesn't manner whether you're a local or a tourist -- the PMA is not  to be missed.  Get up off the couch and GO!
The "Philadelphia Museum of Art" is know more for Rocky Balboa running up the massive steps than the impressive art inside. I pictured myself climb the steps to the background music of "Gonna Fly Now" as motivation to get to the top. The massive pillar columns house some of the world's most important artifacts. Inside the museum is beautiful, clean organized and more importantly, educational. This museum has modern art to some dating back to 200 AD. So when you think of the museum and you run up the steps and raise your arms high, remember to head inside and raise your mind as well.
I went out of my way to come back to the Philadelphia Museum of Art. After nearly freezing walking around the city on a cold January, I ran to the museum for the last hour just to see the spectacular collection I first saw in 2008. The museum is on a small hill overlooking downtown Philadelphia and the Schuylkill River. The best way to arrive is walking along the Benjamin Franklin Parkway from downtown, but a car may be better in more extreme weather.

This is one of the better art museums out there. The place is packed with art of many different styles and periods. There is medieval and Asian with lots in between. The collection of furniture and glass is spectacular. Several rooms are made up to resemble historic periods. It would be impossible to fit everything in to one visit.

Wandering around the inside, it is hard to forget that the exterior is also beautiful. The views are spectacular from the massive "Rocky" steps in the front to the surrounding river in the back. Admission is rather pricey, but you can spend a lot of time here seeing very good art. Coat check is also available downstairs. Make sure to get a guide to find the hidden restrooms.

Art lovers should go out of their way to visit Philadelphia. In a poorly underrated city, the Philadelphia Museum of Art is simply spectacular. Wipe the whiz off your chin and head over here!
What can be said that hasn't been said already? The Philadelphia Museum of Art is a landmark in Philadelphia and a beautiful place to spend an afternoon while taking in some culture. 

I attended the Van Gogh exhibit recently with a friend and though the lines were long and the museum was crowded, I thought the staff did a nice job keeping things moving. The audio tour was just great. You could view pieces and listen to the narration at your own pace. While the narrators were a bit stuffy, it was nice to learn something about the art and the artist, and it definitely beat listening to certain self-important guests who were loudly voicing their own opinions. 

Last summer I enjoyed taking some bootcamp classes right on the famous steps of the museum. As I squated, sprinted and lunged my way around the courtyard, the experience was made somewhat bearable with the distraction of beauty and the occasional mist of the fountain. 

I'm dying to check out Art After 5, a live music and art reception held on Friday evenings. Snacks and cocktails are available for purchase, which is really fun.

We're lucky to have such a great home for art in Philadelphia!
Sure, sure, the Rocky Steps & his statue greeting you, tempting you to mimic him & tackle this feat - which many cheesy tourists were certainly doing....the Philadelphia Museum of Art has so much more to offer 

( we did not tackle the stairs as it was 90+ degrees & we had just walked forever to get there ) 

Pricey for sure but nice collection of Impressionists paintings & etchings... who knew Degas, Renoir & Pissarro did etchings?? 

Mary Cassatt, Degas, Renoir, Monet, Manet, Cezanne, Van Gogh.....WOW! 

Wished we had had more time to check out the Chagall works...ah, next time 

$16 to get in; $22 for special exhibit 

Pictures ARE allowed...just make sure the flash is turned off
What a great museum! The architecture is beautiful. Love the sculptures and fountain in front of the museums. Also, the Rocky statue and the famous Rocky stairs!! This is a popular tourist attraction stop. All the hop-on hop-off tour bus stop at this location. 

Definitely a must visit place!
This is an iconic place to visit just to see the steps leading up to it! I enjoyed spending the day here! You can easily get immersed in the exhibits and lose track of time if you are not careful! I would recommend this museum if you are in Philadelphia. If you are pressed for time, the outside is also lovely to see and take in.
This is one of the great museums!  A must see if in the area!  Not only do they have great paintings but they have entire rooms on exhibit!  It is amazing to walk into a room with the ceiling, floor, walls, furniture, paintings from the 16th century as it was in some place in Europe for example.  Just incredible.  They have an entire "outdoor" fountain scene from 12th century Spain.  It's the next best thing to time travel!  You kind of get a sense of the era.  The suits of armor also must been seen.  Only other place that compares is the Tower of London for the armor.  I only wish I would not have waited until my last day in Philadelphia to see this treasure. Next time I am back I will put this place on my to do list much sooner in my stay there.
I had hoped to walk here from my hotel - a nice 2 mile stroll.  Exercise, sightseeing, and art; perfect right?  Except for the rain that foiled my one woman parade.  Instead I got a quick cab ride with a blink and you'll miss it view of the Rocky steps (you know I was going to run up them and do big champion arms at the top, right?), some streaks of green lawn, and a few fearing for my life "Philly drivers are insane" moments.
The museum was well worth it.  The lobby reminded me of the one at the Met, while the museum itself could've easily been one of the dozens I visited in Europe.
I agree with Heather wholeheartedly on her advice for the special exhibits - although I'll warn that weekdays are no better.  The exhibits should really be limited to  a certain number of people at a time rather than a flow, and I think if they changed the way they sold tickets they could manage that.  Say, only 30 people can buy tickets for the 1pm slot, and they have, oh 20 - 30 minutes to go through, and then the next group can go at 1:30 and so on. . . . life would be grand.  Shoving past people once you'd like to move on while they look at you like you're the rudest thing they've ever seen (as they shove back to try to take the space your body left open before someone else can) is not my idea of fun.  I love Frida's work and it is so detailed sometimes that I really want to get up close.  Plus, I'm not a huge fan of crowds.  That said, the exhibit was great, and I even bought a bunch of souvenirs at the end which I don't typically do. 
The rest of the museum was lovely, although I only had about 15 minutes to kill before it was my turn to line up for the special exhibit so I didn't get to see as much as I would've liked.  
** aside - Thanks to David for noticing (as always) that this is review #500.  Thanks to the museum and its kick ass Frida exhibit for making such a happy review memory.  I'd also like to thank my mom and dad, without whom none of this would've been possible.  Thank you to my . . . * music swells and drowns out typing . . *
The Perelman Building is owned by the Philadelphia Museum Of Art. They acquired the building in 1999 through the City of Philadelphia but didn't open their doors until September 2007 after restoration. The building was originally constructed in 1928 and is absolutely stunning! There are so many fine details on the exterior of the building alone. Make sure you take a glance at them all! From the figures peeking over the perimeter of the roof, to those stunning, dramatic gothic iron doors and archways and a sleek marble facade. Wow! There is even a tunnel that takes you underground from this building to the main building! This building is on the smaller side, focusing on a few key exhibits at one time for a period of a few weeks. Currently "Creative Africa" is the concept. There are both contemporary pieces as well as ancient artifacts. Textiles, fashion, sculpture and photography as well. 

Art Splash is an absolutely fantastic children's art program which happens each summer and is held exclusively at The Perelman Building. Each week there is a different theme which is inspired by the current exhibit. For the remainder of the summer which ends the day after Labor Day, the focus is on sculpture. The Perelman Building WILL be open Labor Day and the entire weekend also! So hurry in if you haven't already! They currently have interactive exhibits throughout the museum based on African Art as well as an incredible colorful rope installation I absolutely fell in love with and huge, open work areas. 

There are very interesting complimentary tours given as well! They last approximately 40 minutes which for some kiddos may be a lot, but they are divided by age groups and include a few projects along the way so it definitely is designed to hold their attention. Our guide was absolutely fantastic with the children! Our entire stay was around 3 hours which was just enough to cover it all without them getting antsy either. 

I believe this is a great museum to take the littles to. It's not super overwhelming for parents with kiddos in tow or for the children themselves.  I really wish they held Art Splash all year round here! We do attend the family studio time which is held during the year back in the main building, but this is a tad more manageable and accessible. Look out for "Pay What You Wish" Sunday which happen the first of the month in the main building. 

Admission is reasonable! Children under 12 are always FREE! $10 for adults to this building only. $20 gets you admission to all of the P.M.A. buildings (Rodin, main, Perelman and Historic Houses Cedar Grove and Mount Pleasant which are located near Please Touch Museum) 

We found unmetered street parking right there on Pennsylvania Ave. There are about a dozen or so spots. There's a shuttle that runs every 10-15 minutes from the main building Tuesday thru Sunday from 10am-5pm also!

The gift shop is smaller but has some cute gifts. Heavily African based currently during the exhibit. Cute wild animal puppets, traditional waxed fabrics and I saw some double strand beaded jewelry I liked. The Monet and Van Gogh coloring books for the kiddos were sweet and just $6. Neat art supplies and some educational toys also! A great place to grab a special gift. 

There's a cafe with outdoor seating in the museum, but Fairmount is notorious for some really great neighborhood restaurants you could easily park once for the museum and walk to. I say make a lovely little day out of it and lunch before or brunch after!
Possibly THE most grand, and beautifully situated building in America, but the exhibits themselves are just so-so. My favorite part is still the Rocky statue out front :P
I do love a good museum and the Philadelphia Museum of Art is definitely one of them.

I was priviledged that my rather last minute jaunt to Philly coincided with the Picasso exhibit. Crowded but worth it. It looks at his work and others in the years between 1905 and 1945, including Chagall, Lipchitz, Patrick Henry Bruce and Man Ray. It was a fascinating look at the creativity that emerged from Paris during these years, how these artists came to create some of their most experimental and innovative works.

Not that there isn't anything else to see in this great place, far from it. I loved the ten year look at Ellsworth Kelly. It really highlighted how his work changed in Paris and how he was influenced by artists such as Mondrian. Just amazing. 

Intriguing too was the New York Dada collection. Diverse. You have to see Duchamp's Etant Donnes. Wow. If you are a fan of modern and contemporary art you will find plenty here to enjoy.

I too loved the ceremonial Japanese teahouse, such an unexpected surprise. Beautiful use of natural materials and an utter simplicity of design. Fascinating and like a secret glimpse into another life. 

I was delighted by the well displayed Impressionist collection and am super motivated to return for the Late Renior exhibit which will be running June through September.

I would say the Philadelphia Museum of Art is a must see for anyone.
Philadelphia Museum of Art is a beauty! Some notes:

- Open Tuesday through Sunday. Closed on Mondays!
- Adult tickets are $20, but admission is for TWO consecutive days. 
- If you're a student, your ticket is only $14. Just show your ID.
- Huge museum so plan to stay for a few hours
- Claude Monet art displayed here!

We were able to keep your tickets for use on the next day. Since it was our last night in Philly, we ended up giving it to our Airbnb host since she lived nearby. :)
One of the city's jewels.  A must for locals and tourists alike.  It perches above the Schuykill River and presides majestically at the end of the Benjamin Franklin Parkway as it looks towards City Hall and Love Park.

The building is classically gorgeous from the inside out.  With the addition of the art deco Perelman building nearby, the museum has doubled their wares on display (including their amazing costumes and textiles collections - go see the current  "Shopping in Paris: French Fashion 1850-1925" - for a fashion and francophile junkie like myself, it's decadently fun).

I find this museum to be in the same ranks of other American museums like the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the Art Institute of Chicago.  The Philadelphia Art Museum has an awesome trove of American and European Art (1500 -1900) including some great pieces from the movements of Impressionism, Realism, Post-Impressionism, and Art Nouveau.  They also have a great wing of Modern and Contemporary Art.   The second floor houses authentic period rooms and architectural assemblages (like the Japanese tea room, etc) along with extensive Armor and weaponry items. 

Their special exhibits are always fantastic and well-curated (Dali, Frida Kahlo, Andrew Wyeth, Monet's Landscapes, Cézanne and Beyond).  Make sure you always pick the last timed entry (3:30 pm) early in the week (Tuesdays and Wednesdays are best)  to be able to explore the collections at your leisure.  Make sure to also take advantage of the audio tour (there is also an audio tour for kids so they can participate) - that is narrated by curators and experts alike to give you a better understanding and appreciation of the exhibit.

Every Friday, the museum holds Art after 5 events (starts 5:30 goes until 9:30), where they set up the Great Hall with bar cabaret tables, small eats, martini bars and host musical talent (folk, classical, world music).  Drinks aren't too pricey at $5 beers and $8 cocktails. During the summer you can drink outside on the East entrance terrace and gaze at the city skyline.

I'd totally recommend picking up a membership too. Individual is $65, $90 for dual.  Allows free entry for a year (including the Perelman), free tickets to special exhibitions (two a year, so if you want to go to those, you more than recoup your expenses ), 10% off museum store purchases and free entry to Art after 5 events.

I've been a member for a few years now and the perks rock. (and no, I'm in no way affiliated with or work for PMA)
This was my first time at The Philadelphia Museum of Art.  And wouldn't you know, it was love at first site.  The building and the location itself, are both striking.  I love the Greek revival facade that overlooks the city.  Plus the grounds are beautiful and I loved the fountain.

Once inside, I was impressed by how expansive the museum is.  They say it houses some 225,000 objects.  I personally fell in love with the European art.  I also found a new artist, my new favorite painting is "The Grape Harvest" by Henri-Edmond Cross.  It's one of the finest examples of Cross's neo-Impressionist landscapes.  I was completely astounded by it's beauty.  Plus, it was great to see some old favorites by Van Gogh and Monet.  The art collection here is amazing and precious.  

And, don't shoot me.  I also enjoyed standing by "Rocky" and having my photo taken.  Come on, guys.  That statue is an amazing work of art.  I loved it, too.  :o)
I had a superior experience in the PMA, arriving on a Monday. Because it was a holiday, they were open and the entry was a "pay what you want" rather than the usual $20. So I donated $20.

I love how the museum is cleanly divided with a section specifically for American and another for European art. I spent my time here enjoying the modern American art and the Impressionist masters in the European section. Cezanne, Renoir, Van Gogh (Sunflowers!), Mondrian and others made me very happy.

The museum store here is excellent. One of the best I've seen lately as they had a good selection of postcards but also a large offering of reprints of several of the paintings. I picked up two 14" posters and they managed to survive the journey home.

Absolutely great time here. Awesome. 

[Review 10381 overall, 147 of 2019.]
Sooo what's not to love about the Art Museum. It has the infamous rocky steps, historical art to explore and of course it's a quintessential Philly staple!

I came here for their Dior's Fabolous Fashion Exhibit and I literally felt like I was in the front row of New York's Harper's Bazaar event! 

I saw fashions by Balenciaga, Vera Wang, Carolina Herrera, Yves Saint Laurent, Giuseppe, Oscar de la Renta and all them other rich misses in sirs lol, nonetheless their fashions were all out there and on display at this exhibit including the host Christian Dior.  Basically the exhibit displayed the evolution of fashion throughtout the years and it was very educational. If your into fashion get there! The exhibit runs until March. 

The art museum features modern, contemporary, biblical and plenty other types of art that you can imagine. It also has a pay what you want on the first Sunday of the month. It was nice to see an actual Picasso painting!
The first Sunday or first full weekend of every month a few museums have a "pay as you wish" admittance fee. If you choose to go on a "pay as you wish" day, you'll be granted admission to the Museum of Art, Perelman Building and Rodin Museum. I will usually will go around these times because there are specific exhibits I'd like to see closely, rather than filling the agenda with too much. It's a hit or a miss in regards to how packed it will be. From experience, it's better to go earlier than later.  

On your way up the iconic Rocky steps, at the top lies a cast of his footprints and along the side of the steps is a full size statue of Rocky. You'll always catch people running up the steps, recreating their version of the scene or people taking a photo next to Rocky. 

My favorite section is the Museum Store. They have a device that will allow you to make prints, frame and take home some reproductions of art. Yes, I've used it. 

While this is a great museum, they can work on a few things to add to the customer experience. Their rules have got to go. The attendants watch you like a hawk. MoMa, a museum twice the size, doesn't have such enforcement and nothing breaks. A man couldn't carry his child for fear he would be dropped on the glass case breaking the precious items within. Why wear a pin? It's all a little much.
The Philadelphia Museum of Art is one of the biggest attractions in Philadelphia. At a minimum, it takes hours to explore, but can easily take days if you visit the Anne d'Harnoncourt Sculpture Garden behind the main building, the nearby Perelman Building (photography, fashion, textiles, contemporary design) and Rodin Museum (about 150 sculptures by Auguste Rodin, including The Thinker out front), and two historic houses, Cedar Grove and Mount Pleasant. All are owned by the city.

At the time of writing this review, two-day general admission allows you access to all of the above buildings and costs:

$20 for adults (age 19+)
$18 for seniors (age 65+)
$14 for students and youth (valid with student ID or age 13-18)
Free for kids (age 12 and under)

On the first Sunday of every month, 10am-5pm, and every Wednesday, 5-8:45pm, admission is "pay what you wish." The main building is open six days a week, typically closed every Monday, but open most holidays like Memorial Day and Labor Day. Along with being open Wednesday nights for "pay what you wish," the main building is also open on Friday nights for live music and drinks. Parking at the main building's on-site garage is only $5 on Wednesday and Friday nights with validation from the Visitor Services desk.

The standard parking rate is $12 for the first four hours plus $2 for each additional hour. The entrance to the parking deck is located on Anne d'Harnoncourt Drive, close to Kelly Drive. Follow the signs.

The museum is one of the largest and most visited in the world. The main building itself is gargantuan and a work of art. It looks like a grand and magnificent Greek temple with towering columns, majestic fountains, and manicured gardens. While the main building opened in 1928, it's probably best known for its appearances in the Rocky movies beginning in 1976. Since then, the wide stairway leading up to the front of the museum has been known as the Rocky Steps (https://www.yelp.com/biz/rocky-steps-philadelphia). The popular Rocky Statue (https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-rocky-statue-philadelphia) is located at the base of the stairs, off to the right (if facing the museum).

At the end of Rocky V (1990), Sylvester Stallone and his son, Sage Stallone, are in front of the main building. Sylvester says to his son, "Look at this, you know. I've been running up and down these steps for 20 years and I never knew there was valuable pictures in this building, you know." In response, Sage says, "Well, you're never too old to learn something new. You're going to love Picasso," as they walk towards the museum (https://youtu.be/I7nWj8Q_FgI). The museum houses over a quarter-million pieces of art from Asia to Europe, Impressionist to Renaissance; there are hundreds of galleries spanning thousands of years. Some of the more well-known artists whose work is on display include the aforementioned Pablo Picasso, Marcel Duchamp (this is home to the largest Duchamp collection in the world), Salvador Dali, and Vincent van Gogh.

If you have time, walk around to the west side of the building. There's a small forest with benches where you can sit down and relax. It's peaceful and serene. My fiancee loved that little wispy and willowy area.
The Philadelphia Museum of Art is an absolute gem of the world and it's right here in Philadelphia! Of course many of the traditional art pieces can be found here but the most spectacular and beautiful displays are the Special Events and the exceptional Featured Exhibitions. One of my favorites was from Korea, artifacts from the time of one of the most famous and 'progressive' rulers King Jeongjo. King Jeongjo of Joseon was the 22nd ruler of the Joseon Dynasty of Korea. The items were well preserved and curated. Currently Fabulous Fashion: From Dior's New look to Now is a close second. There is a room full of Christian Religious Art (sorry I don't know the name of the exhibit) but it's absolutely phenomenal!!

The fee to visit the Philadelphia Museum of Art is fair considering they have pay as you wish on the first Sunday of every month and Wednesday after 5:00 PM. Friday after 5:00 pm parking is $5 and the museum is open until 8:45pm with live music. It's a better value to become a member. Now the on site parking is RIDICULOUS! But if you have a car load I guess it works out. 


For the rest of the world there are the 'Rocky' steps!!
Booooo Boooo! No stars for the freaking staff today! I have been here maybe 50 times in my life and I have never seen the guides/security/watchers whatever you wish to call them, I have never seen so much grab-ass in all my life! Seriously shut it! I'm trying to appreciate Duchamp's Nude descending stairs and I am having to listen to this girl talk to an older woman about how her man just came up and took her last night (a topic usually dear to my heart I assure you, but Come On!) This sort of thing happened from the Gee's Bend Quilt exhibit to the armor. Two floors of maybe 7 incidence's where I wanted to tell these people to quit jumping around and shut up! Totally ruined my trip today, thank you. 

Now, that said... It is seriously a gorgeous building housing a good portion of the worlds greatest works of art! What more can be said? 

Save your stub and hop the tram or walk it on over to the Pearlman Building. They always have interesting exhibits and today I saw the most beautiful Photo Mandalas. 

Museum = greatness 
Staff = worthless dollar store employees...the worthless ones, not the good ones.
It's a beautiful museum with tons of different art from many periods throughout history. If you are a huge art history person -- this is the place for you. Plan to make a half of day of it if you're truly into it. If you're like me who appreciates art, but could do with or without it -- give yourself a couple of hours to wonder the halls to take it all in. 

You do have to pay to get in unless it is a certain time of the month where they let in people for free into certain areas of the museum... even that's limited. The limitations won't take away from the experience though. You still get to see a lot and it will still take 2 hours minimum to wander. 

I didn't get to see the Rocky Steps since there was a concert going on that didn't allow access to the back of the museum. Thanks Beyonce and Jay Z! Gah.... 

next time I guess...

Art lovers enjoy!
Still a world class landmark that brings people up its stairs for the view, a run, and ART. On this last trip I was able to see the Cy Twombly exhibit on the Iliad (or the Ilian, as he called it). I liked that they gave the exhibit a whole room, and it was cool, but it was quite abstract in telling the 900-page story in under 20 abstract canvases.

I was especially impressed by the Japanese Houses and other Asian art and treasures on exhibit, which I had not seen on my previous visit. There's also a great regular art collection here, and I loved seeing different works of art from famous artists that I've seen all over. 

I wouldn't mind the map being a bit more descriptive of what's in each room, although we did use it to make our way back out from the Twombly. 


You've got to get a pic of the City from the top of the stairs, and if you're going to do the Rocky thing, run run run up all the stairs, not just the first tier, Shirkers!
My 400th review and I have been saving the spot for the Philadelphia Museum of Art.

I love museums, and the Philadelphia Museum of Art tops my list.

My favorites were the European and the Contemporary Modern Art rooms.

They were showing the Rembrandt Exhibit, but I only had 2 hours to spare, so I skipped it.

I usually try to plan my trips when I could be in town on free museum days. That is  $25 savings you know!

I went two weeks ago to see the museum, and I enjoyed my visit. My admission was complimentary because I carry a Bank of America card, and they provide the "Museum on us" benefit. It is free the first week of every month.
I really could care less about Rocky or anything else Sly Stallone has been in. My desire to go to Philly Art Museum was to see art, not to run up those steps and pump my fists up in the air. But to each his/her own. 

Now, I understand this museum was built during the last quarter of the 1800s, but man, navigating through the halls and rooms of this place is like trying to leave a casino in Vegas. All these twists and turns and dead-ends. And it feels slightly claustrophobic after awhile. Definitely get a map. 

My other beef with this museum is the presence of security guards. I know they are supposed to be there, but I don't like knowing that they are there. I like museums where I can block out their presence. Not have to walk around them to read the information on the wall or feel like their eyes are on the back of my head the entire time. Personal art appreciation space is essential.

Alas, I realize that I am a modern art fan and that spending an afternoon surrounded by Renaissance art and other works by the great European masters really bores me. I'm not trying to dog the amazingly vast collection because I love art, don't get me wrong. But bucolic landscapes and fancy ladies wearing fancy hats really don't speak to me. Those giant tapestries hanging from the second floor walls? Impressive but, eh. Give me Chuck Close, Kiki Smith, Hiroshi Sugimoto, Matthew Barney or even Man Ray and DuChamp. Sure, I spent some time studying all the knight arms and armor because you never get to see that stuff up close, but it wasn't long before I quickly made my way downstairs to the more contemporary works.

The featured artist (Feb 27 - May 6) was Thomas Chimes, a American artist who was obsessed with literary figures such as Alfred Jarry and James Joyce. The museum had quite a varied collection of his work but I really didn't feel like I got to know the guy. Interesting but I still don't know why he's so important. I did like the metal boxes series. That's more my style.

As for the museum's collection of modern art, it's a great starting point and I shouldn't be so picky since this isn't a place that specializes in modern art. Lovely pieces but nothing I couldn't have seen at SFMOMA.

In the end, the museum was nice but I'm not in love. Don't worry, it's not you, it's me. Really.
Bottom Line:  Definitely one of the best collections of art in the United States.

Oh gosh, where to start?!?  The Philadelphia Museum of Art is a huge art museum and one of the best in the country.  Its collection is eclectic and includes a wide range of mediums including tin type photos, pressed glass, oil paintings, china plates, painted tiles, sculpture, early-American furniture, arms and armor, masonry and even architecture.  

Because the museum is so huge, be sure to get a map.  For me, I knew my husband and I were not going to last all day so we prioritized what sounded the most interesting to us and spent about two hours at the museum.  (I suspect that is a quick trip by most standards.) I appreciate that the museum indicates on their map what the "must-see artworks" are and indicates them with a star.  

One of the most famous works of art in the collection is Vincent van Gogh's Sunflowers.  But he is just one of many famous artists featured in the museum.  Gehry, Picasso, Cassatt, O'Keefe, Tiffany, Wyeth, Monet, Peale, and Rembrandt are some of the name that come to mind. 

The building was completed in the 1920s and is very prominent in Fairmount Park and on the Benjamin Franklin Parkway.  The building was built as a temple to art but probably became the most iconic after the movie Rocky was released in 1976.

The building was undergoing renovations when we visited so that was a bit distracting at times but I suspect a building of this size is probably always in some sort of state of maintenance and repair. 

For amenities, there is a cafe and a few coffee bars.  They also have a sizeable gift shop and at least one pop-up shop on an upper floor. There is a parking garage conveniently located by the North Entrance and the art museum does validate parking so that it is discounted.

As far as the front "Rocky Steps" go, it was a tourist trap out there.  Lots of people running around, music playing, etc. But we did enjoy the serenity on the back side of the museum. 

In addition to the "main building" which I discussed above, the museum has various other buildings in the area (Perelman Building, Rodin Building and some historic homes) and but we saved those for our next visit.
The Philadelphia Museum of Art is truly a phenomenal place.  It's a gorgeous building that looks like it belongs in Europe and the view of the city from the steps is breathtaking.  It's a must see for all residents and visitors.

It has been ages since I've been through the permanent exhibits, so I can't really speak to those.  I only go to see special exhibits, with the most recent visit to see Frida Kahlo, and Dali prior to that.  Both of these exhibits were wonderful, if you haven't been to see Frida yet, go! 

My biggest gripe is the crowds.  Ugh.  The museum needs to do a better job managing them.  They make you shuffle through a loooong line that weaves all over the place before you enter the exhibit.  And then once you're in the exhibit, you need a suit of armor to push and shove your way up to the work.  NOTE TO SELF:  DO NOT GO TO SPECIAL EXHIBITS ON WEEKENDS.  Damn, I really need to remember that next time.  

Also, if you don't typically wear deodorant, please do so.  It was warm in there and people were stinkin' up the place.  Be considerate of others.
I am so impressed with this Museum!  I have been here a few times, but each time I enter, I feel as if I've never visited before because I am awestruck each time.  I love the Old European Masters section-Rhembrandt, Monet, Botticelli, Bosch-need I say more?  These artists are on full display and they leave you without words.  Your mind is on overdrive as you move on to sculptures by Rodin, paintings by Van Gogh, armor and arms collections.  I would love to meet and personally thank the curators and staff of this museum for how they have displayed and arranged these unparalleled exhibits.  This museum is unlike any I have seen-it is breathtaking.  Bravo!!
Let's hear it for "Pay What You Wish Sunday!" 

Checked out the new Perelman building today with the family and was super excited to see the costume collection. The space itself is very impressive, but we were all surprised at how little art is actually there (as opposed to the massive collection across the street at the main location). 

The textile / fashion exhibit was beautiful but not as extensive as I would have liked. Word on the street is that it will rotate frequently, though, so I plan to come back again when it changes so I can get my fix. 

I also recommend that you check out the Stieglitz show ( amazing photography from the early 20th century). It was so inspiring - and who knew that Georgia O'Keefe (his wife) had such a kickin' body? Not me...but thanks to the Philadelphia Museum of Art, I now have a greater appreciation for her "work" as well!

All in all, it's a great addition to the community. But the best thing about the Perelman building is that there are only about 5 or 6 steps leading to the front door, making it virtually impossible to re-create the whole "Rocky" scene at this location. And to that I say, hurrah for progress.
World Class Art Museum! I'm always impressed with the collection of the Philadelphia Museum of Art. The Architecture of the Museum itself is impressive. And the grounds around the Campus should be explored as well. There are several incredible sculptures approaching the front, and no matter how many "cool" high school kids are around by the stairs, you have to run up them, Rocky Balboa style! Around the rear of the museum are some nice Gardens as well.

I love the collection here and was sad I could not get tickets to the Salvador Dali exhibit a few years ago. I guess I didn't plan ahead, and not even my crafty concierge could score me a ticket. So, plan ahead for any special exhibits, otherwise run up the stairs and walk on in!
What a treasure.  We were members for 1 year and then it just got cost prohibitive - so we try to visit on Sundays when admission is on a "donation" basis.

The long-time head curator just passed away.  So sad.

We enjoyed the special exhibits on Renoir Landscapes and Frida Kahlo.  Our 3 year old can recognize Renoir's works.  Amazing.  (We didn't take her to see Frida - too gory & depressing.)

We also sometimes attend "art after five" and have some over-pricedcatered apps and listen to Jazz or Classical music,  Very gentile.

So classy.

Love the Museum of art - and the "discount gift shop" on the Balcony (The Balcony Shop?).  We never buy in the main gift shop - usually if you wait a while - you'll find the item on sale in the Balcony shop.

Also the restaurant is nice for brunch or dinner.  (Dinnner on Friday nights only.)
Art After 5, a jazz set that is the happening music event on Friday nights is a sure WINNER with me. Located near the front of the museum in part of the atrium of the downstairs area of the museum.

What a great date nite event or just an evening with friends. Enjoyed the jazz vocalist, Rhenda Fearrington with her cheery melodic and range filled voice. The band accompanied her beautifully. A nice surprise of the evening was one of the band members's 9 year old son, Mekhi "Kaboom" Boone who played the drums for about 2 sets. He also plays 6 other instruments as well. A child prodigy in the making. Great seeing young ones into the arts and who are musically gifted.

Lots of people enjoying an evening of jazz. The room was filled with people sitting at tables or couches surrounding the band, as well as on both sides of the ascending/descending stairwell. 2 bars offering a compliment of cocktails, wine and soft drinks. A dining menu offering a few select items was right on point.

Definitely looking forward to a date nite at an upcoming Friday evening, Art After 5.
A visit to the Philadelphia Museum of Art isn't cheap; it's about $25 per adult, which is Met pricey, so my expectations were high! And they were met! This museum is massive. Huge. With works by Rodin, Matisse, Chagall, Kandinsky, Dorothea Tanning, Max Ernst, Man Ray, Marcel Duchamp, Diego Rivera, and tons more (these are just the artists I took a particular interest in and remember seeing works by). Like the Met, there are some areas of the museum that are like entering another world or another time! The Asian art ad Medieval to Early Renaissance European Art areas ended up being my favorites, because in some areas large architectural pieces (tea houses, cathedral arches, stained glass, Buddhist temples) had been moved in their entirety to the museum! It was was amazing! I also really enjoyed a temporary exhibit they had at the time we visited (Nov. 2021) - an exhibit by the artist Emma Amos, whose work I was not familiar with and I was blown away. The museum has several cafes or coffee bar and several shops as well. My only complaint about the museum is that it's a bit of a maze; I gave up on the map and just explored, which worked better than trying to find a particular room. All in all, this museum is amazing, and I could have spent many more hours here. We ended up spending 2-3, but I could have stayed longer for sure! It absolutely just got added to my list of favorite art museums in the country! Visit it!
For my 200th review I felt like I needed to cover something urbane.  Something civilized.  A classy, five-star joint.  I was torn, struggling for hours, trying to decide between the Philly Museum of Art and the lab where I get blood work done.  I turned to fate, flipped a coin, and the PMA came out a winner.

I really love art museums, and I especially love the Philadelphia Museum of Art.  And not just because I can don my gray sweatsuit and old-school boxing gloves, sprint up the front steps, and then turn, jubilant, running in place, fist pumping the skies, celebrating my growing athletic prowess.  I do that every time I visit, but then I need something to fill the empty hole resulting from the receding runner's high.  To fill that void, I wander the halls of the Museum.  And the endorphins return.

I get to Philly often, living just a couple hours away, and I try to do something different each time I go.  Except I always pay a visit to the PMA.  I love it here.  Its collection is huge and impressive (I honestly think it rivals the Met in terms of size and variety), but the building itself just makes the experience all the better.  It's like a big, Classical temple where you worship at the altar of art and culture.  

The Impressionists impress: Degas' Little Dancer sculpture; Monet's Japanese bridge at Giverny; van Gogh's portraits.  European big guns like El Greco, Tintoretto, Rembrandt, Picasso, Miro, and Duchamp are featured.  American superstars like O'Keeffe, Eakins, Warhol, Pollock, and Wyeth get shout-outs.  Rodin has his own freakin' museum here, the largest collection of his work outside France.  There are tapestries, silver, armor, Asian galleries, and a whole collection devoted to paintings of or by Revolutionary heavyweights.

Coming from DC -- land of awesome museums where admission is free free free! -- it's always a bit of culture shock to walk into a museum with a cashier's desk like at the PMA.  I *never* mind paying an admission fee for a museum, however.  Better to drop my bones on preserving these wonderful places than on other, less-worthy things...Super Mario for the Wii, stop your siren singing from the racks at Best Buy!
Beautiful museum to spend the day. They have a very nice collection. The admission fee is a bit steep. But there is some very nice art. Kudos to the curators. We usually take a walk over to the museum for Rodin sculpture and art as well.
I've no doubt that this is a world-class museum, judging by all the great feedback and Yelp reviews on the Philadelphia Museum of Art.  We came to check out the Rocky statue and cruise up the steps and take in the gorgeous panoramic view of the city from atop the famed steps, but we didn't have any time to actually go inside and visit their massive museum grounds and assortment of galleries.  This was definitely one of my biggest regrets leaving Philly and not having gone inside the museum.  Thankfully, New York is close enough to pay a visit anytime the urge creeps up.  However, just taking the leisurely stroll towards the museum  -- surprisingly, btw, there's even a Rodin museum on the same pathway to this museum -- is a truly lovely experience.  It actually feels a tiny bit reminiscent of walking along the Champs E'lysee in Paris.
Amazing museum! It's not just about the collections. It's also how they're displayed that immerses you into feeling like you're somewhere else at another time far in the past. Not only do they have entire sections of structures that you can walk in and through within the museum, the curators have artfully and meticulously integrated door mantles into the museums existing doors!

And the museum is huge...no, humongous! Even at a fairly fast pace and reading a few of the signs, you could barely make it through in a day. So, if you're in Philly visiting and have a limited time, grab a map and plan out which sections you want to see first. But if you love museums as much as I do and tend to read and examine everything, be prepared for a full day of fun.

If you have kids, there's often activities for them to interact different aspects of art. Check with the museum to make sure there are activities scheduled for the day you want to visit. When I was there with a friend, they also had a live band in the main hall which added a nice touch of atmosphere as it echoed in the nearer galleries, but quickly died away as you go further in.

There's also a cafeteria and a fancier sit-down restaurant on the lower level. The prices at the cafeteria are reasonable and the food is good (I had a build-your-own sandwich.)

Tip: Your full admission ticket gets you into the main museum, the Rodin and the Perelman Building for two consecutive days.

Tip: The Rocky statue was moved to the right side of the Rocky steps.
Philadelphia Museum of Art (PMoA? do people call it that?) is the crown jewel of the museum row, which is apparently Benjamin Franklin Parkway. (Philly, why are you like this?) It's worth a visit at the very least for the iconic steps and to take a picture of all of the people taking pictures of the Rocky statue.

This museum is massive and I only got a chance to explore a small portion of it, as we came at 4 pm on a Saturday and it closed at 5 pm. Do note that tickets (a pricy $20) are good for 2 days, and also gives you admittance to other attractions the Rodin Museum down the street. I would recommend budgeting 2-3 hours, and even then only plan to tackle a few wings. The building itself is beautiful and imposing; the entrance hall is a stunner.

I spent a good amount of time exploring the Johnson collection, which just ended its run here. In 1917, this guy left a huge European collection to the city of Philadelphia (lots of early Italian and Dutch), and this exhibition had a curatorial focus, like on authenticity of the alleged Hieronymus Bosch paintings and the restoration of some of the older pieces. Not my thing, but I liked how much context they provided and you could spend decent time here beyond "wow this thing is famous."

I also made a quick tour of their modern wing, which had lots of Duchamp, Mondrian, and Twombly. Stunning Sol Lewitt installation and some peaceful modernist sculpture galleries. Virtually no contemporary work, though they may have some on rotation. Small design hall.

Do note that the 5 pm closing is a hard stop and they will start shooing you out 10 minutes before. They shut out a bunch of people who were waiting for cars when it was snowing out. Thanks, guys.
Sadly, many tourists flock here simply to photograph the steps where Rocky made his triumphant climb. Those who fail to enter the huge Greco-Roman building will miss seeing one of the finest collections of art objects in America. Paintings, sculptures, and decorative arts are grouped within set periods in L-shaped wings off the central court on two stories. On the ground level, French- and English-inspired domestic objects are highlights of the Colonial and Federal galleries, and there are rooms exhibiting Amish and Shaker crafts. The 19th-century gallery features works by Philadelphia native Thomas Eakins, who captured the spirit of the city in watercolors and oils. Upstairs, spread over eighty-three galleries, is a chronological sweep of European arts from medieval times through about 1850, including a treasure trove from the Renaissance period. Visitors can take a break in one of three surprisingly good and reasonably priced dining spots serving quick noshes like salads, soups, sandwiches, and pastries, in addition to more elaborate meals. Open until 8:45pm on Friday, with music, lectures, and film presentations among the draws, the museum has become an unlikely but popular place for end-of-the-workweek socializing. Sunday admission is pay-what-you-wish.
OK, 4 stars for being a great first date place.

...and they have art.

I've gotten lost in here. Like five minutes to work my way to the front door. And i liked it. A lot.

I think its so cool that they have a wide variety and not just modern or whatever. If you can't tell, I'm not the biggest art nut, but I can appreciate this place; I am very happy it is here.

Sunday: donation day (read: $0.01 entry fee)
You really can not tackle this glorious museum in one day, it is overwhelmingly large.  I grew up outside of Philly so I have had the pleasure of walking these halls year in and year out for years, it's beauty never gets old.

The outside is breathtaking and just so gorgeous.  Once you step inside, it is extremely quiet but no worries because your mouth will be dropped open in awe with all the amazing art via sculptures, paintings, photographs and interior design.  I adore the entire rooms that are on display as well as the outdoor settings that make you feel outside even though you are well inside the building. 

There are various options to tour this place including a mobile phone tour where you just pop in headphones and go.

Make sure to bring a camera without flash and comfy shoes!!!
When I went to the Philadelphia Marathon a few years ago I couldn't avoid this site! We each had our picture taken with the Rocky Statue. The steps to the museum are phenomenal. No we didn't run up them. At least not that I can remember!

We didn't have the time to visit inside the museum. Seeing Rocky was our only tourist thing to do. We did have a purpose for being in Philly after all! This opportunity came along by accident!! Fun experience. Rocky is so cool! So is grandma in her younger days!! 

I didn't need to go inside. i enjoy the architecture. The grounds are beautiful. The statues are great too. So much history here. 

They were getting ready for race day.
Did Yelp really need another review of the Art Museum in Philly? Sitting with 292 as I write this one, probably not.  Still, I cannot stress how awesome this place is whether your art aficionado or if you just want to causally stroll a few fine exhibits.  

Pay what you wish on the First Sunday of every month or come hang out at Art After 5 on Fridays!
The Philadelphia Art Museum is not only one of Philly's greatest landmarks, but one of the great collections of art and institutions.

I'm embarrassed to admit that I've lived in Fairmount a very long time without visiting. One thing I particularly enjoyed was the museum's commentary on modern times. While the majority of the sections haven't changed since last visit, near a painting of the Cathédrale Notre-Dame de Paris, there was a note about the recent fire. 

I was lucky to visit during the last few days of the Impressionist's Eye Exhibit. The number of Van Gogh, Monet and Degas paintings was mind blowing. The exhibits change regularly so that's a good reason to keep going back.

The entrance price was reasonable. It was $20 for an adult entrance, and it included next day re-entrance. If you read each description or take a tour, you'll need all the time you can get. 

I'm no stranger to the Art Museum "Rocky" steps. Don't forget to take photos there too. The various views of the skyline and Schuylkill River from inside the museum are also noteworthy, as is the architecture of the building.

They also have events, such as jazz on Friday nights and yoga on Wednesday's. 

The Philadelphia Museum of Art is a landmark and institution for a reason.
I've had the privilege of having been to some of the best art museums in the West, and Philadelphia remains my favorite.  The museum itself is beautiful.  Sit on the steps of the museum, nosh on a bagged lunch and enjoy the view.  

Inside, the museum is very well organized... much more so than other art museums.  Some of that is due to the PMoA's size... it's just right.  To really enjoy the museum, you need about 2 1/2 to 3 days to really soak everything in.  But if you get there first thing in the A.M. and fly, you can see just about everything in the main building if you're pressed for time.  

My only complaints are: 1. the parking and 2.  the Perelman building.  The Perelman is not really big or interesting enough to justify the price or the hassle of trying not getting run over to get to it.  Unless there is a specific exhibit your HAVE to see there or you are an art student and want to make use of the research facilities there, you can pass on the Perelman without any guilt.

As far as the main building is concerned, my favorite exhibits are the medieval monastery wing and the entire Asian.  Both exhibits are three dimensional walk-throughs so you are completely SURROUNDED by art in a very real way.  Kids are always amazed by the armor and sword collection.  I've been to the Philadelphia Museum of Art more than any other and still love.  Anyone visiting Philadelphia would be a fool not to include this great national treasure on their itinerary.

Bonus- Get to the museum on Sunday before noon and admission is free - donations encouraged.
I don't think I need to say much. This is an amazing museum. Absolutely gorgeous inside with masterpieces from a variety of artists. 

The PMA also has a great calendar of temporary exhibitions. Check out Cezanne right now!


take the audio tour.... take the audio tour.... take the audio tour.... take the audio tour.... take the audio tour.... take the audio tour.... take the audio tour.... take the audio tour.... take the audio tour.... take the audio tour.... take the audio tour.... take the audio tour.... take the audio tour.... take the audio tour
$20 gets you a two-day admission to three museums, and those museums need at least two days for the exploring. My friend and I only got to the main building, but loved every second of it. The building itself is a work of art, inside and out, with its massive stairs and stonework. 

I love museums and I expected to enjoy the paintings and traditional artwork, but I really enjoyed all the colonial furniture for some reason? I think the fact that all that stuff is still intact and our Ikea furniture of the 21st century is in a landfill is what fascinated me the most.

Of course, you have to make a Rocky video outside. Depending on where you are staying in the city, walking one way might work, but definitely cabbing the other way is a good option. There is also a shuttle that will take you to/from all three museums on the route.
Now this is what I call an Art Museum! Amassed in a Parthenon type building at the top of the famous Rocky steps, the Philadelphia Museum of Art is a gargantuan of a place. The building from the outside is a work out art with sculptures and paintings that align the top of the building towards the roof. There is also a fountain right out front with an AMAZING view of the city.

We only spent a couple hours here due to its closing time, and made it through maybe a twentieth of the museum. There is so many awe inspiring pieces and collections that leave you wondering how they could have amassed such treasures. For example, in some of the areas of the labyrinth you wind yourself through, the museum has brought over entire rooms and houses even from thousands of years ago that you literally walk through. My favorite was a castle-type room you walk through in the early Christian time period with original stained glass windows and stone that seemed as old as time.

This museum is a definite must see for anyone coming to Philadelphia. I just wish we had more time to explore all of its nooks and crannies, and to get to more of the modern, contemporary pieces. If and when I do go back, I would ensure that I got a map of the museum to know where I was and to know where I was going. We basically wandered through an entire wing that seemed to keep going and going and going and going, only to find out the museum was closing soon and we needed to start heading out.

One cool thing with the museum is each ticket gives you a two-day access on consecutive days, as well as admission to the Rodin museum. I don't know if two days would even be enough to make it through a quarter of the museum, but it is definitely needed.
Wednesday Nights after 5pm you can Pay What You Want!  I liked that.  Took the bus over which is pretty far from Historical District.  Only main building open, so you don't get the full MOA experience, but that's ok, we're Tourist.

Bus dropped us off at the back entrance, had to see Rocky Statue near the Front Entrance & run up the stairs!  Hello - we're tourist!

Saw the Current Exhibit Korean Art - meh, saw similar in SF and No pics allowed.  IF you can't show your pics what's the point.

Saw some people doing Yoga in the museum - what the heck?

Saw more art - the stuff they own you can take pics, it's when they borrow art No Way.

Been there, done that.
Good Lord how could some many art treasures exist in one building.  Vermeer only painted under 40 paintings- 2 or 3 are in here. The Whistler and Sargent pieces (one of the most seductive and dark pieces of Sargent's career and an embarrasment to the socialite's who commissioned the piece family- she loved it- they strove to hide it. Eventually it was the first Sargent to be publicly purchased and displayed in any museum). Also, if you love epic pieces they have a great piece that depicts an old 19th century medical lecture where all the students are watching the body being examined- I believe by Thomas Eakins. It stands an impressive 15-20 ft high and even more ft wider. A beautiful Winslow Homer collection. Also they have the most STUNNING period world reconsruction rooms of Imperial China, Japan and French Louis the someteenth. 
When you're here, save the time to see some real treasures and avoid the Rocky trap. We went, we saw and were let down with those steps.  We were going to refilm the running up the steps and pumping the arms, but saw all the other losers doing it and thought better of it.
Oh- if you get a chance and it's there that day, the corn chowder was INCREDIBLE.
This is where I took guys for intense hang outs when I was a free lass. Now, I take my husband and kids. And we hang out and view the hung up, intense art. 

Parking in the garage is about twelve bucks for the first three hours. When you walk in, you will see an info desk. Payment is to the right. It is reasonable. Adults are twenty and a preteen is fourteen bucks. Little kids are free. Get a map and start looking. Benches are scattered throughout for breaks. So are bathrooms. They are very clean. The security guards are nice. Read the signs next to the paintings to get a possible background story.

This place is intoxicating. Almost everywhere I looked, I saw something that touched my senses and soul. Jewelry with small scenes, paintings of shipwrecks and warships, horse skeleton reliefs, chairs, scenes from vintage medical schools, modern paintings, not modern paintings, still life paintings with flowers, skulls, dried sharks; whole rooms filled with furnishings, old bottles of all colors, teahouses, snuff bottles, ceramic pillows, cradles, seashells, portraits of lords and ladies, hawk hoods, weapons of war.  

It is surreal to see paintings that have affected many right before you, and to realize that they are just for you for one stunning moment. "Sunflowers" makes me feel warm and cozy. "At the Moulin Rouge: The Dance" is suddenly right there, and you feel like dancing! Renoir is a favorite, as all his chicks are soft and chubby. And I love Monet's outside colors. Eakins, and I think I saw a Degas. Some paintings I recognized by their level of cultural prominentness; some are old friends, some I breeze by, some I should know. I do not fully get Cy Twombly. And waxed paper pierced through colander holes is not art to me. It's O.K. to not like some art.

My daughter, Ronni, almost bumped into "Nude Descending a Staircase, No. 2". My heart dropped. She and I almost converted when we hit the rooms with Jesus. Some are beautiful, some are terrifying, some break your heart. Rembrandt's "Head of Christ" is there, too, but elsewhere. When I saw Landseer's paintings, I wanted to touch them, because I understood them. 

I cannot stand the tours. I just want it quiet. I get nervous with a throng behind me guided by an orator. So, I was really getting into "Birthday". I jumped when the tour guide stopped behind me. I apologized and she said, "Oh, you can keep on looking. But I'm giving a tour...". Translation: "Move your ass." I listened half-heartedly to her speech, and then just left the room. My husband pointed out that I had paid to see the paintings, just like the people on the tour. Yeah, try telling that to Ms. Main Line.

You may let the woman that is hogging "The Merry Jesters" know that she is hogging "The Merry Jesters". If your kid is misbehaving, take her right over to "Prometheus Bound". 

Do the gift shop last. Prices are pretty high. Look for the discount table. For five bucks, I got a mini print of "Sunflowers" on wood with gold trim. Also look for the mini versions of famous works of art for twenty bucks (ouch). I bought "A Carnival Evening" after considering "The Battle of the U.S.S. 'Kearsarge' and the C.S.S. 'Alabama'". 

There is something for everyone at this museum-  the young, the antiquated, the artistic, the dreamers, the teen photographers who also have a knack for graphic novel art involving humans with cat ears, the lonely, the life of the party, the broken, the joyful, me, you. You get the picture.
Any time someone visits from out of town, this is always on the list.

One of the greatest views of our beloved Philadelphia.
The Philadelphia Museum of Art is one of my favorite museums to visit! With nearly a dozen or so trips here I believe it's the museum of all museums in the US and even played a role in Rocky, Americas favorite movie.

The museum is huge and you probably won't be able to cover this place in a single visit. Two visits will do if you plan on seeing everything. Take note if you're visiting from far. Plan ahead and take a peek at a map of the place so you'll know what areas of the museum you'd want to see on your first visit.  

There is a parking garage that is paid and belongs to the museum at a reasonable rate. The grounds are spectacular and clean. This museum really is a sight to take in especially from both near and far.

Visit this place!
Massive!!! 

The walk from my hotel (Loews in downtown) was pleasant - about 30 mins. The day I came here I went to the Mutter Museum, then PMoA. What I enjoyed about this day of art is that I got to do 2 museums, saw the Rocky steps and also took a pic with the Rocky statue - ALL IN ONE DAY! 

I bought a ticket for the MoA and had 3 hours. I used the entire 3 hours to roam this humungous landmark. There is so much to see. Mid-way through I had to sit and rest since there are multiple floors, tons of rooms and lots of art work to see. 

MoA is a must if you're in Philly. The museum is simple beautiful!

Note: You're able to take pics, but with no flash...
Ok, so you can see the museum from many angles while you drive in and out of downtown. You hang your head out of the window like a good tourist and yell "ROCKYYYY" !!!!!

After you've had your moment you realise it houses some great art. We spent a good two hours at this museum which at the time had a special Picasso exhibit so that was beyond awesome.

BUT the reason that it gets just an A-OK from me and three stars is its poor layout. There is nothing worse than going around in circles and getting lost at a museum but his museum was worse than that. You had to walk all the way down each wing all the way to the end, only to find out there is no exit and you have to walk through the entire exhibit again to get out. This is very time consuming and frustrating. 
The cafeteria was also pricey but we had to eat there since it was raining COWS outside. 

Thumbs up for student pricing!
$3.50 for a CAN of San Pellegrino!!! This, besides the $20 mandatory admission (unlike The Met in NYC) exemplifies how you overpay here. Yes, they soothe the bite by giving you 2 days admission, but I could barely last 1 day at this boring museum let alone want to return for another. 

Now having bitched a bit, I will agree that some of the displays were very well done, like the Japanese & European section and that creepy wooden door you have to peep into. However, the modern/contemporary wing--my most anticipated section, was a huge disappointment and completely underwhelming (maybe I'm spoiled by Art Basel in Miami and LACMA in Los Angeles). 

I echo other's sentiments saying the building/grounds itself is nice, but the art just didn't live up to its $20 entrance fee. 

Maybe the art enthusiast would enjoy this museum, but as an average tourist, I'd rather take photos of the outside and then go see a theatre show instead, OR go only when it's free (first Sun of the month).
I have been here a few times, both for guided tours and to browse randomly with friends from out-of-town. Visiting this museum is always educational and even fascinating, depending on how much you're into art. Check their official web site for the latest exhibitions, and to even browse through their resident collections. Thomas Eakins is one of the more famous American artists featured.

The last time I was there, I enjoyed the Art After 5 program (http://www.philamuseum.org/artafter5/). Depending on the Friday you go, you'll hear either international music or jazz. Grab a glass of wine and relax - food may be provided, but I don't remember for sure since I didn't get any. Recommended for families or a romantically artsy date!
Absolutely a must-see stop if you are in the Philadelphia area. Yes, it's not free like my hometown Smithsonians, but for $20 you can get a two-day pass to the main museum building, the Perelman Building, and the Rodin Museum. Unfortunately, we were only able to enjoy a single day at the main building, but you can definitely get more of your moneys worth if you can spare 2 days. Also, there is a student discount which I used, since I still happen to carry around my student ID even though I finished grad school in May. It saved I think $5 or so. It was a VA school and still took it, which I was surprised about but appreciated.

We visited during the final couple of weeks of the Modern Times exhibit, so I'm not sure what is on view now, but definitely I'd recommend starting with any of the limited opportunity exhibits since, by nature, they are of a limited time on view. As for more permanent exhibits, I really enjoyed the impressionism as I love that time period in general, but I also really enjoyed the Asian galleries that had full rooms set up, for example, like a Buddhist temple or teahouse. I really enjoyed all of the "period rooms", particularly the one that had a fountain in the middle and reminded me of my trip last year to Marseilles. 

I would highly recommend taking one of the free highlight tours. We chose this option because we only had a few hours to explore and wanted to get a nice overview of the museum. We were then able to go back and see anything we wanted to explore further after the tour. It's only an hour, free, and the tour guides are very knowledgeable volunteers so definitely make this a top priority if you have a limited time at the museum. 

I was impressed with the quality of the collection at the Philadelphia Art Museum and would happily return in the future to explore the remainder of the main building and the Rodin Museum.
This. place. is. HUGE. Like whoa.

I came to PMA strategically on a Wednesday evening when it's pay what you wish (for 5-9pm?). In the 3 hours I spent wandering around, I think I saw probably only a quarter of the entire museum. Even if you're not particularly into art, there's bound to be an exhibit here that will capture your attention. 

There were a lot of people lined up to take advantage of the PWYW night, but the place is so huge that it never felt crowded. 

I think I'll probably need several more visits to see everything!
It was a long climb up the famous Rocky steps... Art collection of impressionist paintings is impressive. Bring your student id for discounts... Lots of wedding parties outside for pictures. Take the plash bus from city center for $2 each way.
Did I drag the family here specifically for that Rocky statue?  (I plead the fifth.)

The line was out the wahzoo and when we finally reached the cashier (30+ minutes) we realized why it was so packed - 'Pay What You Want' for the first Sunday of the month.  (You peeps only coughing up a dollar?  Shame on you!)

Countless pieces of amazing artwork?  Check.
Lots of pretentious goofballs studying the art and blocking your view?  Check.
Two eight-year-olds in tow constantly snickering and making sure you see the naked sculptures and paintings?  Check.
Being tricked to walk through the gift shop after the very first exhibit you see?!  Check!

Excellent all around.
I think this is my absolute favorite place in Philly. I always tell my friends and family who don't live here that Philly is a magical city, it holds secrets of the past, and it feels like home. 
The Philadelphia Museum of Art is on the top of this magical list. It's a place that is incredible even before u walk in the doors. Just walking up the steps (the Rocky steps) you feel a sense of being a giant. As u get to the top and turn around you see magnificent views of the city, a perfect spot for a great picture. 
Walking through the doors that feeling does not waiver. The expansive stairs leading to the second level are breathtaking every time.  The exhibits are perfectly lighted so your not only experiencing the art but your experiencing the feeling of the room, the reaction of others, the excitement of first time visitors. Certain exhibits give me goosebumps and that feeling is incredible! 
If your visiting Philly for the first time or if ur having a staycation then Philly Museum of Art should be at the top of your list! Experience a beautiful part of our city and never be disappointed!
As you get older, you learn to appreciate things. I remember going here for field trips from school, thought it was to kill time, didn't really mean anything to me. But as I got older, started to see the different types sculptures,art work, Contemporary works to portraits,still-life & archaeological finds, from different cultures. Thought it was so exquisite. Being from Fashion world, realize that the past -affects all things present, designs, etc. Amazing !! They have different exhibits all the time, categorized in sep. departments. Love it there!! spend a whole day there,as well as drop off visitors, too.
My 3-star rating may strike some as unduly harsh.  I want to emphasize, from the perspective of the art, this is one of the best art museums in the country.  It's huge; you could easily spend a whole day here and only see a portion of what the Museum has to offer.  And the building itself is beautiful, a bold and massive building.

What do I think are the two things that are lacking in this museum?  Accessibility, and accessibility: accessibility in terms of transportation, and accessibility in terms of cost and truly being open to all people.

---

(1) Transportation / Location.  The location is EXTREMELY unfriendly towards pedestrians, one of the most pedestrian-unfriendly areas close to center city.  In order to walk to the museum from center city or other nearby neighborhoods, people must cross numerous multi-lane streets of fast-moving traffic.  The lights for the crosswalks are unintuitive and poorly marked, and in one case there is a major crosswalk where people must cross two separate roads on two separate signals that do not line up.  Not only does it take a lot of time with waiting, but it is confusing and unsafe.

There are not great options in terms of public transportation, either.  No subway or rail lines go close to the museum.  There are several SEPTA buses which do, but, especially on holidays and weekends when people are most likely to want to visit the museum, these buses do not run frequently.

---

(2) Cost.  This museum is expensive ($16 for adults), and unlike many famous art museums (both NYC's Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Cleveland Museum of Art come to mind) has a mandatory admission fee, in contrast to a recommended donation.

This makes the Philadelphia Museum of Art inaccessible to the majority of Philadelphia's residents, who cannot easily afford to visit this museum on a regular basis.

I would feel better about this museum if the museum had a free-with-strongly-suggested-donation policy.
An awesome museum with a wide variety of exhibits.

I loved the medieval Christian artwork; complete with parts of a French church to create the rooms.   The Diana sculpture in the Great Stair Hall is awesome.  Really, everything was good.  I think the Perelman building was a little too hyped up though.  I love Ansel Adams, but I wasn't blown away by the prints in that collection.
This museum is very large, and encompasses other museums as well. When you buy a ticket, your ticket is good for 2 days along with the related buildings/museums. I believe the related museums are all within a short walk, so this would give you a good break to your day to go outside and stretch your head before you delve in again. 

It takes a lot of commitment to do right. I spend a lot of time mulling around museums, so I could easily spend 3 or 4 days in this place. Even for smaller museums, I prefer to spend one whole day at one museum, to keep a balance in life. It's not about accomplishment or being able to yelp review, it's about your absorption and ability to muse after all, right? 

I took two tours, one better than the other, but even in a so-so tour, you get the kind of depth and conversation that you would not be able to get on your own. I definitely recommend taking a tour during your stay. I recommend filling half your time with tours, and the other half with freestyle exploration.

Wednesdays they open til 8:45pm. Although huge, it is not stupid big like the Met or Louvre. It's kind of digestible.... I especially love the museums in Philly because they are not crowded at all. This is probably the most crowded arts museum, but still not crazy.
So you have one day to spend in Philly. Your morning is spent lollygagging over a way-too-carbed-out-brunch (that's for another review). You have a few hours to kill before your train leaves for D.C.

What to do?!? Well, there's that enormous museum at the end Ben Franklin parkway. And the Rocky steps. And the gardens where, once upon a time, before I ran the Philly Half Marathon, I really really had to go...err, nevermind, wrong story.

I'd been to this museum before, also when in a rush. There are specific gallery tours you can take, but if you only have an hour and a half, you should consider a tour of the museum. 

Our tour guide, who I'm sure in another, younger life was an art professor, took a group of us at the speed of light throughout the entire museum. She answered questions and was a bottomless pit of knowledge about the museum and the city.

The tour was great. The guide explained the layout. She took us to rooms I would never have found on my own (for instance, did you know there's an entire recreated intact Japanese tea house inside?). 

Fun fact: In the grand staircase, the statue Diana who stands daintily on one foot, was salvaged from the top of the old Madison Square Garden when it was torn down (savage act, that), where she served as a weather vane.

Plus, I had time leftover to see one of the special exhibits: the Photography of Lee Miller, an unsung heroine of the 30s and 40s. 

We're so spoiled here in D.C. with free entrance to the entire Smithsonian, but I didn't mind spending the $14 on a Saturday. And Sundays is pay-what-you-want day.

I can't wait to spend more time here, and check out the new Perelman building across the street, which the museum just opened, and where Grace Kelly's wedding dress resides.

Now that I gotta see.
I love museums, and this is one of the best I've ever been to, for so many reasons. A few quick things to note before I dive into the review part:
- The student discount is for students of all ages, so if you are a student (or still happen to have a valid student ID) make sure to ask for it.
- Food and drinks are expensive, so bring a water bottle and plan to have lunch elsewhere/don't come hungry.
- This place is HUGE, so give yourself plenty of time to get lost, literally and figuratively

I think what I love most about the Philadelphia Museum of Art is that there are no barriers to most of the displays. You can get right up close to the paintings and see each brush stroke, which is unique and therefore very exciting. You could even touch things - you're not allowed to of course, but in theory, you COULD - which is also exciting. 

There is a method to the museum's madness, and there are even free maps to guide you, but wandering at random from room to room according to what catches your eye and getting lost in the gigantic, maze-like interior is a different kind of adventure. You know when you're a kid taking a tour of a museum with your class, and it's torture because all these amazing things keep catching your eye but you have to stay tethered to the group, which is so big and rowdy you can't even enjoy anything you're seeing? Take advantage of being an independent grown-up and wander at will to your heart's content!

Another awesome thing about the museum is how many different kinds of art it holds, from the traditional paintings, sculptures, and tapestries to historical relics like swords and armor to completely off-the-wall installations like an aquarium featuring different types of crabs. No matter what kind of art tickles your fancy, this museum will have something to fascinate and inspire you. There are whole rooms that have been relocated from historical manors all over the world, and no one yells at you for taking pictures (just make sure the flash is off so you don't damage anything you'd have to sell multiple organs to afford reparations). 

I could go on and on all day, but I'd rather you just go discover the magic for yourself, so go do that!
B l e s s e d !! I got in for free! 

Tickets were 22 dollars per person

The "Rocky Steps" are the steps leading to the Philadelphia Art Museum... Anyone who has visited the museum has been on the steps.... But it IS fun to run up the steps and punch the air like Rocky! 

It 's the largest art museum in the United States....There are many collections... like America...China...Europe...etc....Every year....it holds many special exhibitions and attracts arts enthusiasts all over the world....It's interesting and exciting...i think.... The building itself is phenomenal....One of my favorite buildings (along with City Hall) in Philadelphia ...Have a great time in Philly!
This is less of a review of the actual museum as it is a review of the recent Frida Khalo exhibit which opened there on the 20th:

While walking up the front steps of the museum I saw huge banners over the stone columns boldly displaying Frida Khalo's name. While one could make it out from a fair distance, what made it most interesting is to think about what made this artist so significant that her name lives on in such a pronounced notoriety. 

After buying a ticket and checking in my coat and bag, I was shuffled into a very long line, that was so extensive that they needed to start it on the opposite side of the lobby. The museum itself isn't terrible to look at while you wait, and you're bound to be impressed by such an elaborate interior. It really is the cultural monument they make it out to be. 

On my way through the line toward the entrance to the exhibit, museum workers offered me an audio device to wear around my neck to listen to descriptions of the works within over headphones. I was grateful that they decided to implement that kind of novelty and took one. 

Inside there were many photographs of Frida and her husband Diego Rivera, but getting a chance to see them both so many different ways gave them a new air of familiarity. By the time you've finished the exhibit, you feel that they are people that you've known personally. 

Frida had a knack for aptly describing her life experiences through her paintings. They are almost autobiographical if you view them in sequence, relaying her joys, her fears, and her suffering. While I wouldn't have wanted to go through the same struggles as Frida, it seems her troubles are part of what paved the way to her immortality. She knew how to mythologize her life so precisely, that her pain is accessible to anyone that would share in it. 

I highly recommend this exhibit to Frida enthusiasts and dilettantes alike.
I won't spend much time restating what is obvious from so many other reviews (world-class art; makes a lot of sense to get a membership; two restaurant selections for two different budgets inside, etc.)

I would like to add, however, that this museum is very friendly to those with limited-mobility.  Because of its long association with Rocky running up the many stairs, you might not consider this museum wheelchair-accessible. Think again. My mom recently visited me and we both love art museums, but my mom is recovering from knee surgery so I was worried about how she could make her way through this vast museum. Turns out, the museum has a side parking lot where those with the required permit can park right next to a side museum entrance. These spots are available on a first-come, first-served basis. The museum also has a large number of manual wheelchairs which visitors can use free of charge. They are also available on a first-come, first-serve basis but on a weekday at least there was no problem with availability. The museum has many ramps and elevators. We only had trouble with one particularly steep ramp, but the guards stationed there went out of their way to help us maneuver it. The Perelman building (where the Matisse exhibit is) also has manual wheelchairs for use by guests and the free shuttle to the Perelman building has a wheelchair lift (though the most direct access to the shuttle requires one to cross a few steps). Refer to the Museum Website under "accessibility" for more information on different types of accommodations the museum offers. 

Bottom line: don't let your limited mobility stop you from visiting this incredible museum.
I could only give this Museum 3 stars....seems like a lot of renovation going on outside the building and the entire first floor.  The second and third floors had a pretty wide array of collections, but it all seemed very chopped up in these small rooms, and it was difficult to get immersed in a collection because you always had to backtrack a bit to see everything.
There were some very large rooms where the entire room was built from walls and columns from temples, for example.   Those were very nice.  You could use your phone to obtain audio information about many articles, which was a nice feature.
Overall, I expected more from a pretty steep $25 admission, especially with the amount of renovation going on.
I judge new museums against every other museum I've been to, and the Philadelphia Museum of Art one definitely holds its own. I made a day of it by walking the Schuylkill River Trail to the museum, viewing the collections, and eating a picnic lunch on the lawns outside afterwards. It was definitely not a bad way to spend a day.

The museum spans three floors with collections including American art, Asian art, European art, Modern and Contemporary art, Costumes and Textiles, Arms and Armor, Photography, and Special Exhibitions. The museum is obviously architecturally gorgeous, and from the top of the steps it offers beautiful views of the Philadelphia skyline.

The standouts for me were the first floor's European Art 1850-1900 and Modern and Contemporary Art sections. They contained some little-known pieces by artists like Picasso and Monet as well as a very large collection by Marcel Duchamp, which you just don't see everywhere (or, in my case, anywhere outside of art history books). The second floor's Asian Art wing was also really impressive, with fully rebuilt large-scale rooms displaying a Japanese teahouse, an Indian temple hall, and a Chinese reception hall and scholar's study. These rooms were all completely authentic and unique to any art museum I have ever been to, which give it a more field museum vibe and created a sort of living art experience. I also loved the collection of blue-and-white Dutch tiles and Delft-made ceramics, which I have never seen outside of the Netherlands. 

On a ratings note, as a Missouri native I am spoiled by the beautiful and free St. Louis and Kansas City art museums. If the Philadelphia Museum of Art was a free museum instead of a $16-per-person museum (not that it's not worth it!) I would be adding on that last star.
With how COVID-19 has changed our world it's difficult to enjoy the museum without feeling like you'll contract something from persons not respecting personal boundaries, mandates and such. But at night, when the air is cool; you enjoy the atmosphere that the beautiful architecture provides and you work out! I love the aesthetics of this space. From exquisite architecture, to our nation's history  and breathtaking views, you will get your fill. I haven't actually been inside since the pandemic, but all of the out side spaces are open and they've brought back parks on tap with CCD. So get out! Exercise! Move! But mask up!!
I  this place because being a artist myself I use this building as an outsource to get away from all of the craziness in this world. It inspires me to think larger with my pieces and inspires me to use my talent as a therapeutic remedy.
I love the PMT better than the Museum of Fine Arts here in Boston. For one thing, it's much bigger, which is an obvious advantage. The building itself is gorgeous and just approaching it on the road makes it grand. As a child, my favorite exhibit was the armor and artilery. Still to this day, I am fascinated when I look at all the weapons that actually participated in epic battles and ended the lives of others years ago. Most impressive are the manequins atop horses decked out in full armor. The one with the sword hole in the heart is striking.
I came here on a Wednesday, which has extended evening hours (and pay-as-you-wish admissions fee).  It's a much more doable museum than NYC's Metropolitan Museum of Art (MET) and the wings are relatively empty.  No loud tourists or kids running around!

Having been to the MET already, I checked out their American Art section first and was highly impressed with the oil paintings and antique furniture pieces on display.  Because of their C-shaped layout, I decided to take the stairs to their 2nd floor for the Asian Art section, which is pretty similar to the MET.  They also had Chess 'Knight' with two tables for chess in the Arms & Armory gallery which was cute.  I skipped the European Art wings (which is about half the museum) but walked by a Dhyana Yoga class.  On my way out, I saw a postcard making crafts workshop for children.  This is a great museum with well-thought out activities for everyone!

Plus, they're located on top of the Rocky Steps, which offers an incredible view of Philly!

Regular admissions is at $20 yikes...that's pretty steep.  They do have pay-as-you-wish on the first Sunday of every month and every Wednesday evenings if you're looking for a steal!
"Where should I put this Picasso?  I know, it'll look great in the stairwell."

You do need to have one of the best collections of art in the world to think like that.  And so this place has it.  I'm a bit spoiled by having been to some of the premier art museums in the world, and when I'd heard that Philadelphia had one of the top 5 in the US, I put it on my list for my visit.  I was not disappointed.

The highlight was the collection of Impressionists.  The museum has an amazing amount of Monet works.  I was also thrilled to see quite a few pieces from Picasso in the  Modernist section.

The second floor had a number of rooms that were decorated as period exhibits from many cultures--from Revolutionary era New England, to medieval Japan, to early Middle Age Europe.  My British companion discussed how the art museums in Europe are doing that more and more.  There were quite a few student groups being educated by museum staff in them.

Admission is good for two days, and gets you into the Rodin museum as well.  An added plus.

World class.  Thanks, Philly.
This is my absolute favorite building in all of Philadelphia.  It's just beautiful, perched up there on the cliff above the Schuylkill, all Greek classicism and stuff.  Plus, the inside is pretty cool, too.  I love spending hours just wandering the halls, admiring the artwork.  My favorite pieces are the Renoirs (they have a bunch - the girl in the blue dress is my favorite).  They're actually having a special Renoir exhibit this fall.  Can't wait!  I also love their Japanese tea garden and the impressionism section.  The cafeteria is pretty good for when you're starving, and the gift shop is always a fun place to stop.  My favorite part?  Besides "Art After Five" on Fridays, when they have live jazz music and wine, my favorite part is that it's free on Sundays.  You can just pay a donation, or nothing at all if you're super cheap or are broke.  Also, if you're a lazy local, go in the back entrance.  You don't have to go up the stairs that way...
I had a great experience at Philadelphia museum of art. It was the first museum that I had to visit in Philadelphia. I was impressed by all the art work this location has. I can see my self returning again
A beautiful building with the best view of the city, the PMA is a must-visit if you're in Philly and have the time. 

As usual, I really enjoyed the contemporary section, with staple pieces by Picasso, Rothko, Miro and Duchamp, among many others. Flipping the switch from artist to artisan, the early American furniture and Medieval weapons and armors were also both very impressive. 

This museum is huge -- so expect to spend the whole day here if you want to check out all the exhibits. If you can't swing it all in a single day, your ticket is good for two consecutive days, so save your receipt.

The PMA rivals this best museums in the world. It's right on par with the Art Institute in Chicago and the Met in NYC.
This is a really really solid art museum.  I spent most of an entire day getting lost in here; and like I do in many museums, I felt a strange familiarity here, as if it were somehow physically connected to other museums I had been in even though they're in different states, countries, and continents and even though I visited them in different years and often decades.

If you're in Philadelphia, you should definitely check this place out.  Besides the room with the strange pool in it, my favorite thing was the piece in which potatoes generate electricity.
This is a very nice and well maintained museum. There are a variety of different shows throughout the season, and during the summer, Wednesday nights are practically free. You donate whatever you wish to view the exhibits from 5:00 PM to 8:45 PM. However, it's a price of $20 up to 5:00 PM. They are closed on Mondays, so keep that in mind. Some Monday holidays might be opened though. There is a parking lot available, but a nominal fee is  charged.

Staff is friendly, knowledgeable and helpful. However, it would be so nice to see other cultures besides European, Asian and American art. Although, the different exhibits throughout the year bring a flavor of diverse cultures at times.

Enjoy this beautiful and eclectic place of art.
This museum is located at the top of the Rocky Stairs. I really wanted to take a look around but unfortunately was on a time crunch and just in Philly for the day. It seems very large and the outside is a really nice place to hang out on a nice day or go for exercise. I definitely want to actually take a visit soon!
Oh Philly, your Museum of Art puts Columbus' to absolute shame. 

  Many of the paintings and pieces of art I saw here were pieces in my massive art history books from college, so I was of course, giddy as a school girl tugging my husband's ear down to tell him the knowledge festering in my brain about the art pieces before us like the pseudo intellectual that I am. 

  If the locals here don't appreciate this gem, or are too hipster to, then it's totally their loss. You guys have a great variety of pieces with Renoir, Millet, Degas, Rodin, Warehol, Picasso, DALI, Duchamp... I could keep going. You even are lucky enough to get a temporary exhibit of 20+ Van Gogh pieces with some pieces being directly loaned from the main museum in Amsterdam. LUCKY!

I'm not going to go on about the amenities of this place, or the fact that their water fountains were spartan, because I'm still in shock from amazement... kinda like a little girl getting her dream pony on her birthday.

Yes, we did go to see the Van Gogh exhibit, which was..... not set up great to accommodate the massive amounts of people, but who cares. It's Vincent Van Gogh, people. I'd cram into a bathroom stall with burly, sweaty, men just to see his paintings. 

The VG exhibit gifts shop was cool, but utterly painful. One fat person blocking the aisle could have caused a pile up larger than previously seen on the LA interstate system.

  This museum could be an all day trip. I didn't even get to see the upstairs, because we ran out of time. There is simply too much to see, which means I will be back, PMoA!

**Do the Rocky thing out front. I couldn't, because I am more of the obese nature and would probably fall of my face or do something else terrible to embarrass myself.

**Take some pictures and just enjoy the art and be thankful you were able to see such amazing pieces in your lifetime! Others are not so fortunate! 

** WALK or take a cab from where you are staying. Parking is limited especially with the VG exhibit going on.
I adore the Philly Museum of Art. I have seen some of the most interesting art exhibits, including African art/rituals/cultures and an extensive collection of Dali paintings (which was actually life changing in a way). 

The building is majestic and with a perfect location--with a lovely view of Philadelphia. 

Oh why must you be so far away from me?
** 200th Review! **

Gorgeous museum that holds the iconic steps Rocky runs up and has a breathtaking view of Philadelphia. I was surprised to see how enormous the grounds were. There are many statues on the grounds including Abraham Lincoln and Rocky! Climb the steps and stand on the plaque with Rocky's shoe prints at the top of the steps.

Behind the museum is a small garden with more statues. In addition, there is a beautiful gazebo area that overlooks a dam. A very picturesque museum and a must-visit if you are in the Philly area
This is easily the best thing about Philadelphia.  (As a native Pittsburgher, don't tell anyone that I said anything nice about Philly at all.)

The Asian art collection is very impressive.  I also loved the armor.  And don't forget about the impressionists--Van Gogh, Renoir, Monet, oh my. 

The Rocky steps are also worth a stop.  It's fairly hilarious to people-watch there and count the number of people who do a victory jog to the top of the stairs within 10 minutes.
One of my favorite places to visit. It was the first time that SO and I went together, so we spent our day there. We decided to go all in and get the special exhibit along with the regular admission- $25.00. 

They are running the Rembrandt and the Faces of Jesus exhibit. It was good, and I learned a bit. I think with all their special exhibits, you can get a free audio tour, but for the rest of the museum it is $5.00. 

There are so many little galleries and nooks and crannies to get lost in. My favorite wings are the Modern /Contemporary Art with Duchamp, and the European Art up to 1900- where my favorite painting, Rousseau's Carnival Night lives (in the night rotunda with the fountain, Van Goghs, and Cezannes). 

They have a lot of notable pieces and the great hall with its statue of Diana and giant mobile is such a great display of the old and new. Their armor hall isn't as impressive as the Met's, but if you bring children with you they will get a kick out of it. 

I also love their galleries with the full transplanted rooms from the UK and NYC. Makes you wonder how they got them in there!

They have a nice restaurant to dine in as well as a cafeteria for a quick bite to eat. Their gift shop is soooo good and they have a lot of print available for sale. 

It's also nice to sit outside- feel free to run up the stairs and recreate Rocky (there is also the statue tucked off to the side you can take your picture at) and take in the view of the Ben Franklin parkway, fountains, and the view of City Hall. 

Parking is $10.00 for the first 4 hours, but only if you get it validated. It's $2.00 afterward. If you visit the museum in the afternoon, I find that parking opens up in the free spots (4 hour time limit) in the neighborhoods around the museum. Definitely worth a visit (the smaller annex building- the Perelman building is also included in your visit) if you're an art fan or not.
Atop of the disappointing "Rocky Steps" is a fabulous museum. The statute has been moved so stay to enjoy the museum.

Depending on your interests, I went through this museum with friends in 2 hours. I however, could've stayed for another hour or so. As a New Yorker, I have to make the obvious comparison with the MET. While this museum is not as big, they have an impressive Impressionist collection that I think might be even larger than that of the MET. I could spend hours in this wing of the museum.

However, unlike the MET, it is not suggested admission. It costs $16 and $12 for students, so remember to bring your student ID.

A must see if you visit Philadelphia, even if it's for a day trip like I did.
Tbh, you need a full day devoted to seeing everything here. During our visit we were only able to see half of the exhibits.

We saw art from the 18th to 20th century. I like the impressionist's, as well as the paintings of scenery and portraits. But the contemporary more abstract stuff, not a big fan of. My wife wanted to see, so we spent a lot of time on this. There were some interesting pieces, even an installation that I enjoyed (you look through a hole in a door on a wall).

If we make it down to Philadelphia again, we will be coming back. The older European works I would have loved to have spent more time seeing, especially the Asian art section. We did stop to see the tea house, that was one of the many highlights.

The staff were very pleasant. The museum is huge. I felt a little confused at times reading the map and following the layout. But there's staff everywhere, so help isn't too far away. And leaving at night, looking down the steps to city hall, is worth the hike up the steps alone.
