I had no idea how artsy Philly was until I visited. While I didn't get to go into any museums, the street art is enough to really make an impression... Especially the Magic Gardens!

Ok, so it's not quite street art anymore because you do have to pay $10 to get in, but it's a NPO and worth it. It's honestly unlike any place I've ever been to! The artist Isaiah Zagar has created a truly magical playground of sorts out of nontraditional materials like bike wheels, wine bottles, tiles, mirrors, folk art statues (that can be a bit erotic), plates, teacups and more. You could spend hours just analyzing all of the different walls and pointing out the unique elements. 

In addition to the two story "garden," there is a museum showcasing artwork from another artist, and also a downstairs area which we weren't able to access this time of year. Outdoors is definitely where you will want to spend most of your time, and there is even some sparse seating if you want to chill and take it all in. 

Overall, definitely glad this was a stop in my too short of a stay in Philly that you shouldn't miss checking out. It can be a quick stop, or a spot to hang out in for an hour or so, if you got the time!

Pro tip: They offer guided tours at 2:00 pm on Saturday and Sunday, but recommend buying tickets beforehand. Throughout the year, the creator himself also conducts tours which I can imagine would be fun to be a part of!
I've been meaning to visit this place for quite some time now. So many photo ops around it and the good part is that it seems they let only a certain amount of people in per time slot so it does not get overcrowded so you can take your time going around the museum and really check it out. 

I think it really shows how much someone can accomplish if they stay dedicated and put their mind to something. Read the story before you go because it might help you understand it a bit more and therefore appreciate it. 

I think that children might really enjoy this as well although there are some pieces which show some nudity it's art and there is nothing completely inappropriate. Mosaic art is pretty fun to do as well so you could create a project. 

If you check in on yelp they have a offer which you can get a free post card. It is also cheaper online.
I don't think I'll be able to put into words how truly magical this place is. It's a work of art you move around in. It's mind blowing how much time, effort and diligence went into building this.

As a matter of fact it took the artist 14 years to complete. FOUR.TEEN.YEARS. If you asked me what I was doing 14 years ago....I was doing hoodrat things with my friends. I can't imagine how much passion and drive it took to complete this project.

So lets start with the entrance. And the only sour note of this place. We walk in, ready to purchase tickets. The gentleman at the register had the personality of broccoli. He was very matter of fact, didn't laugh at my joke at all...and was well....to be polite...kind of a dick. When you work at a place this lively, your personality should match it. Meh.

Now on to the art itself. Wow.

You will weave in and out of this carved out masterpiece, ducking for low hangings and catching yourself staring at the most minute details. There are so many little hidden gems in this place. Take your time and look it over slowly. The best way to describe it is as a mosaic art piece that wraps around an entire building. Look high. Look low. Look below. It's everywhere. There are bottles. There are tiles. There are butts. And much like the attitude of the gentleman at the front desk...there are dicks. Like, seriously there's a bunch of nude men showing their dongs. These are obviously just drawings/carvings...but get ready to see some dicks. And the female genitalia is heavily represented as well.

It helps a lot that I came here with a group of friends. We were all feeling really down. This place lifted our spirits. It almost spoke to our souls. And our "tour guide" was our friend Jon. He kept saying how much he loved this place. How it's one of his favorite places in the world. His enthusiasm was incredibly contagious. I hope everyone loves this place as much as he does. And as much as I do now.
5 Stars for a perfectly imperfect oasis with a great origin story that weaves in art, evil land owners and developers, and a community coming together to support one of its own. 

As you walk around the South Street neighborhood you'll start to get glimpses of magic here and there. An old building with one full side covered in mosaic tiles that make up an enormous face, a small alcove with tiles leading up to someone's doorstep, a back alley covered in a mural made up of swirling shards of brightly colored glass. You know you're about to uncover something special.

And soon you see a few teens posing for selfies in front of an iron fence- the universal sign for "I'm here. I've found it."

Through the narrow lobby -- with an oddly springy floor -- you'll pay your entry fee ($10 for adults, $8 for Students with ID, Military & Seniors, special pricing for kids) and then you're off to wander. There are tours, which I'm sure are lovely, but you can certainly go un-guided and get lost in the murals (not truly lost, it's not that big). The majority of the artwork is outside in the form of mosaic tiles and found objects covering every surface possible. You will want to walk through it multiple times to appreciate the art on the walls, on the steps, and the beneath you on the floors. Every inch is meticulously crafted and the sheer volume of it will become apparent quickly. 

You'll also find little alcoves and seating areas where you can stop and take a break with a friend. Like those little bowls of coffee beans between perfumes at the department store, this small break will allow you to go around again and again to discover another angle. On the second of third go-around you'll find tiny rainbows projected where the sun goes through some glass artifacts in the walls and fences. You'll feel like a kid playing Where's Waldo, but this time you'll have discovered that the fun isn't actually finding that sneaky candy-cane-of-a-man, but rather in exploring the crazy scenes and characters during the search.

Inside, you'll find some history of the project. Isaiah Zagar (the artist) started out beautifying his 'hood in the 60s with murals throughout the neighborhood, and eventually helped bring a "South Street Renaissance" with other artists and activists. He began tackling a vacant lot and as the community became more valuable (largely due to its artistic reputation) the Boston-based owner demanded the work be dismantled so he could sell. The community came together and after a two year legal battle the lot was saved and named Philadelphia's Magic Gardens. There's much more to the story, but you'll read that when you're there. Suffice to say, there's more than 14 years of community love in this space.

And that's the thing, really. It's not a museum. It's more like a love letter to a community. And you'll feel like a part of the love story when you're there. And that will make you feel good.
Why 4 stars? Because this is one of the most unique things I've ever seen.

   ---   ---   ---

10 stars for the creativity of the artist and 20 stars for the level of difficulty to pull this off. I'd recommend anyone visiting Philly to stroll through here, because you'll never see anything like it in your life.

So why not 5 stars? Because after a few minutes of peeking around, I felt like I had seen it all and that there wasn't much left to do. It's a cheap activity, don't get me wrong, but I think about 10-15 minutes is the sweet spot for how much time is needed here. 

If you're not exactly sure what the Magical Gardens is - it's about a million mosaic tiles and other random objects, that a guy made into art in the middle of a Philadelphia street. You can roam throughout the area that's almost 100% art (floor to ceiling) or check out info about how this whole thing came to be.
My first review of Magic Gardens close to 10 years ago was written in wonderment over how South Street and the City Of Philadelphia could even fathom wanting to do away with an artistic establishment as iconic and unique as Isaiah Zagar's mosaic temple. Now ten years later its almost hard to believe that there was a time when that possibility was a reality!

When your art is as brazen, random, and captivating as Isaiah Zagar's it definitely doesn't stay contained in one area. These days it's nearly impossible to find a street in South Philly that doesn't at least have one wall filled with his musings and mosaic faces. And it has even filled secondary Magic Gardens location, spread out to parts of West Philly and Fishtown; and has become signage for businesses and restaurants like Pizza Brain, Stargazy, and South Fellini. If you haven't seeing the documentary, In A Dream, that was directed by his son Jeremy, it is also a must (https://youtu.be/5X6W-AL3Csw).

But despite how far Zagar's mosaics have spread throughout Philly, the epicenter of it all is still very much Magic Gardens. It may not cost as little as it did 10 years ago, but the tours are still an amazing thing to do that allows you to explore every mosaic filled nook and cranny of the Gardens. They also have plenty of solid event's like mosaic workshops and music in the courtyard to see.
One of the must sees when in Philly!

Mosaic art all around the beautiful garden.  It was quite magical, indeed. 

Worth it for the pictures!
What a fantastic place! 5-star reviews are few from me but Magic Gardens is the kind of place I relish the opportunity to experience.

Came here with some friends on my first trip to Philly. I was already in love with the city but coming to the Magic Gardens was the icing on the cake. If you're a fan of museums, definitely give this place a try as it gives you street art & local culture with a slight museum feel. There is a fee to get in but nothing outrageous. The grounds aren't huge but there is still a lot to see. With so much going on around you, it's still critical to try and pay attention to the small details scattered around (too many for me to list out here). And best of all, this is an awesome place for photo ops.

Easily a Philadelphia must-see.
Truth be told, my first pick for a Philly attraction to check out was the Mutter Museum... But I was talking under my breath when I mentioned it and apparently, hubby didn't hear me. 'Cause we wound up here instead:

All jokes aside, I was hopeful this would make for a fun diversion during a recent quickie trip to the City of Brotherly Love.  You see, even though I would never call myself a serious appreciator of art, I've been known to get sucked in every so often.  Especially if said art is exhibited in an informal, laid back manner.  Besides, I love all things shiny, colorful and glittery, so I figured, why not?

Anyway, this 'Garden' is indeed, visually impressive. Kudos to the artist, who apparently spent close to 15 years creating this intricate maze-like conglomeration of re-purposed 'drek' as my people like to call it.  He even managed to incorporate a broken Passover Seder plate into a wall that I noticed outside from the street, even before entering to buy tickets.  To me, that was the highlight and all before paying.  

I guess what I'm saying that if you're here for pic ops and/ or you're really into installation type mosaic art, then sure, you'll probably find a visit here worthwhile.  But for me and my erstwhile travel peeps, aka hubby and kid, it was a little too pricey for what it was.  We walked through it in maybe 30 minutes, tops.  For a couple bucks less per ticket, I'd have probably felt more enamored of our experience.  

Bottom line:  No regrets, but am not sure I felt the magic either.  And fwiw, I really did want to go to the Mutter Museum.  Hopefully, on aMutter visit real soon.:)
If you're the type that loves art not confined to an old, gaudy, and pretentious museum, and happen to find yourself in Philly, then the Magic Gardens is an absolute must. And if you're not impressed with immaculate pastel mosaic tiles, intricate metal and clay sculptures, and a slew of various colored glass bottles that practically acknowledge every hue of the rainbow, then we cannot be friends. I'm sure of it. Tidbits:
*****
I. PARKING & LOCATION
Random street parking exists around the neighborhood, but it is scarce. You'll likely find a spot a few blocks away. Google Maps should lead you to the front of the door.

II. PRICE
They have discounts, I believe, for children and senior citizens, but it's only $10 per adult for entrance. That's really affordable for a one-of-a-kind type of place. 

III. ATTRACTIONS
A) Outside: Upon entering, you'll have the option to go straight or take a right into the outdoor garden. Go outside. That's where you should spend most of your time. --There are ascending and descending stairs, mini patios to hangout at, and beautiful sprawling mosaics that reach several stories high. It's marvelous. 

B) Downstairs: Unfortunately, the room below wasn't available to visit because it is supposedly too hot during the summer time. I've been there before in the past, though, and it's enclosed and almost overwhelming how detailed everything is. 

C) Backroom: There's a backroom that's a bit more like a museum, with various pieces hung on the wall. It's also where the bathroom is. 

IV. SERVICE
The people aren't the nicest, which is ironic for such an amazingly beautiful space, but I had no major issues getting my ticket. 

V. OVERALL
Would I return? Oh, hell yes. The Magic Gardens is one of my favorite places in the world anda must-stop when in Philly.
Absolutely loved this place!! This outdoor space was created by one man over a period of 16 years I believe. It's amazing what he has done! This space is a must see in Philly if you are an art lover. It's also the ideal place to take beautiful pictures.

Staff here was very friendly and accomodating. I pre-purchased tickets ahead of time for 11:30 and when my bf and I arrived we were let right in. If you booked a student ID ticket be aware they will ask to see it when you arrive. 

Also be cautious when going through this exhibit. They specifically state no touching anything and when you go down certain flights of stairs things can get pretty scary if you aren't looking where you're going. 

LOVED IT, LOVED IT, LOVED IT!
Genius or Madman?

Visionary is the word in regards to artistry that describes Isaiah Zagar. He will take junk, bottles, tiles, dishes, sculpture, mirrors, anything and everything and will turn them into beautiful mosaics and murals adorning the Philadelphia Magic Gardens and surrounding South Street neighborhood. Even the ceiling has been transformed in the building! His approach to his art and the community, however, is another story. Genius or Madman? Everyone has their own opinion.

I stumbled upon the Philadelphia Magic Gardens on my last Philly trip. The center was closed and I was only able to peer in from the outside. We still managed to take some awesome pictures and when I found out you could take a tour of the center, I vowed to come back and center my next day trip around the Philadelphia Magic Garden.

For $10 you get a private tour of the building and neighborhood. The tour will take anywhere from 1 and a half hours to two if you go overtime. What a deal. I learned a lot about the history of South Street and all about Isaiah Zagar. He is still living and continues to work on his mosaics daily. The walking tour covers quite a bit of ground. If it is a hot Summer day, bring water with you. The tour also gets a little redundant but fret not, you can go at your own pace. Our tourguide, Stokely, was fantastic as well as quite relaxed. We had the option to end our tour early but we trekked on. Our group was also a little all over the place. Stokely did not mind and she let us wander around for a bit.

Philadelphia Magic Gardens is open to the public for viewing. It's cheap and non-profit so definitely go and support the community and arts by visiting the Magic Gardens. This is definitely a local thing. I brought Wing "The One With the Cool Hair" L with me on my trip. He had never visited Philadelphia before. Did I take him to the Liberty Bell? No, I took him here.

Great for photography buffs, families, art enthusiasts, and anyone who loves something shiny and interesting. 

There was a wedding planned for the afternoon we were there. I can only imagine how pretty the pictures will turn out and how magical the night will be. 

Call ahead and reserve if you are planning to take a tour.
Magic can definitely happen at Philadelphia's Magic Gardens. This place is very beautiful and creative. It's just as amazing to know that the museum was created by a man named Isaiah Zagar.

Isaiah Zagar had a vision to beautify South Street and he did just that by simply using items such as vodka bottles, handmade tiles, bicycle wheels etc. His creativity definitely tells a story and as a local Philadelphian, I'm grateful to see his vision enjoyed by thousands of people across the world including myself.

Philadelphia Magic Gardens or PMG is a somewhat small space. It has an indoor and outdoor exhibit. The exhibit is bright and colorful and people of all ages can enjoy the designs. I happened to visit on a Saturday and it was pretty crowded. The tickets are 10.00 for one however their machine was down on that particular day so we had the option to pay as we wish.

Staff was very organized with handling the large crowd. You have the choice to pre order your tickets online or at the site. Once you pay your then told a specific time to view the exhibit.

Overall PMG is great for family fun and just a wonderful representation and contribution of Philadelphia's Magic!
This is such a profoundly special place that its taken me a very long time to wrap my head around what to say about it. I have visited museums and public art spots around the world...and Philadelphia's Magic Gardens one hundred percent ranks in my top three favorites. I want to go back to Philadelphia just to re-visit here.

Located on South Street in Philadelphia is an innovative, colorful, awe-inspiring, brilliant maze of mosaics by artist Isaiah Zagar. Built into an outdoor multi-level experience, the Gardens spans three city lots, and includes indoor galleries and a large outdoor labyrinth. Its about 3,000 square feet of the most fascinating mosaic environments you'll ever see. Every staircase, turn and nook and cranny is completely unique and artfully assembled with care. Not one corner is left untouched. From china plates, to bike wheels, Buddhas, lamps, sculptures, and virtually any material that can be re-assembled, you're immersed in the most inventive mosaic experience you could ever witness with human eyes.

In the middle, there's a small, shaded garden area with tables and chairs to sit. I loved that they permit food and drink in as long as you clean up after yourself. My Mom and I were able to sit in and soak up the beautiful day and vibrationally uplifting art while enjoying a snack from the grocery store across the street. It's rare to leave me so speechless about public art. You're doing yourself a disservice if you visit Philadelphia and don't come here. If you're a photographer, bring your camera. Calling this spot the Magic Gardens is a severe understatement to its magnitude and beauty.

I left here feeling changed.
Went here last summer...I think I was taken off guard at first...

I was in awe..then shock. Wow - the attention to detail is CRAZY. I mean every single bit of the entire bldg. (ceiling to floor) including the outside of the venue is covered in colorful bits and pieces of...STUFF - that most of us would label as junk.

From glass, to bicycle wheels, to bottles, to bottle caps, to mirrors...the list goes on and on. I mean...it's junk, yet the artist has managed to turn "junk" to gems! It's absolutely quirky, eccentric and cooky - yet beautiful and intriguing, all at once!

I took so many pictures, I ran out of memory on my digital camera!

The Philadelphia Magic Gardens is definitely a staple in Philadelphia on South Street, and a must-see if visiting!

Amazing to say the least...nuff said.

I WILL RETURN EVERY TIME I VISIT PHILLY..it's always changing...the artist is always adding more...
The highlight of my trip to Philly! I loved the art and mosaics. Random items are stuck in the walls, which add to the uniqueness. Quotes, quirky images, and bike wheels are everywhere. I overheard someone say that the wheels add more stability and support to the structure.

I've been told by the staff that the artist Isaiah Zagar comes to visit the garden regularly (maybe even multiple times in a day), and many of his works can also be seen around the city.

There are outlets inside, so you can charge your phone (my phone was dying, so I def needed this). Also, I was carrying my luggage around all day, and the staff was very kind to have let me store my luggage somewhere while I browsed the gardens.

Very magical place indeed! I got a postcard from my Yelp check-in. :)
It's fun to read the reviews for this, because admission was $2 in 2007, then $3 in 2008, and now it's $4. It's still worth it. This is my new favorite place to take visitors and to take pictures. The staff was wonderful and answered all our questions, no matter how ill-informed about mosaic they may have been.

I once walked by here early on a Saturday morning and Isaiah himself looked up and stared at me through the window. It was awesome, if not a little spooky.

Keep your brochure because it includes a list of all of his nearby murals, plus the ones further afield in other states and countries. Plus, did you know you can rent out the space for events? I may try to convince friends to get married here, for my own personal enjoyment.
I have an uncanny amount of respect for Isaiah Zagar. when businesses came around and tried to buy out  old South Street establishments many eventually gave into pressure and left. But Zagar has held his ground, and even though he has needed to raise $300,000 to make this place permanent, he has been holding his ground ever since.
and now this ever changing mosaic of art is open to the public every weekend. you can walk around the garden and get up close and personal with it's fantastic pieces. and Isiah even gives the occasional workshop demonstration. so you to can learn how to create this type of art that is widespread around South Philly.
While the goal of $300,000 is almost reached. Isiah could always use more to keep this wonderful piece of South Street history going strong. so while a $2 donation lets you enter the gallery on the weekend, always be sure to donate more.There is a trashcan for donations set up by a Lion Statue inside by the main gate. any amount helps and goes to the good cause of maintaining South Streets most unique landmark.
Philadelphia's Magic Gardens was one of the things I was most excited about in our trip to Phili. The pictures online made it seem like a unique experience. This "garden" is unique. They don't have any flowers, but they have all mosaics. The mosaics are very pretty and the entire building inside is covered in them, even the bathroom. The entire place is rather small. I really thought it would be a little bigger, but it was still worth checking out. They have hidden pictures and sayings within the mosaic. The bridge and downstairs areas were my favorite. Also, it is one of the most instagrammable locations in Philadelphia. Even if you don't use Instagram often, your personal pictures will be beautiful. If you want a sneak, they have tons of mosaics around the Queen's Village neighborhood. You have to order your tickets online as there are timed entrances. They are very pretty and intricate. I would definitely check it out.
I found out about this place thanks to my friend who mentioned we should go & visit we made sure to have the time to check it out . 
We got tickets online $10 bucks pretty good our scheduled time was for a Sunday afternoon at 130 before entering they give u the rules & then u are on your way. 
Walking in your first impression is .. WOW well at least It was mine. 
It's amazing how basically the "ART" is just a bunch of junk stuck together? Never seems to amaze me how people can create such beautiful things from pretty much anything. 
A collection of glass, plates, tiles , dolls, lights.. etc etc make up this lovely building carefully molded together every corner u turn is another cool display,  no matter where u turn there is something to see. 
After taking a stroll outside we made our way inside nice display as well. 
Checking in with Yelp gets u a feee postcard pretty cool, once we got our freeby we were done with the tour. 
I never knew about this place glad I had the opportunity to visit very cool way to spend an hour or two.
This place has nothing but recycled! How creative~ They use their imagination using all these recycled items and decorate this area. They time & effort they put in is just impressive!!!
Hands down, one of my favorite places in Philadelphia. Having lived in Philadelphia for 4 years, I've found many of their gems, but this place takes the cake. It's unlike anything I've seen before - truly magical. It's quite a popular place to be on a warm day so expect to wait in line (well worth the wait!). It's small, but the amount of fine detail that went into making this garden is astounding. You could walk around it 10x and see something new each time. If you're visiting Philadelphia on a day - this is a MUST go. Keep in mind that it is an outdoor garden so I'd go on a nice day. We came here and then walked down South Street to Spruce Street Harbor (in the summer time), which made for the perfect outdoor outing.
A must stop when in PA. I decided to venture from my hotel and walked about 20 minutes through various parts of tall city "suburbs." Interesting enough as I am from the West Coast and didn't have much familiarity with this sort of architecture. Was travelling solo and felt fairly safe, but always kept an eye out. I got somewhat turned around trying to find it as it is tucked away in the residential area, but near AT & T and a convenience store(I think Walgreens or CVS). 

When you arrive, they will ask if you have a reservation. I didn't as it was in the middle of the week and I didn't even think about it. I hopped online and purchased a ticket. There was no line and no wait. I gave them my code and walked in. To the left there is a small store, an inside area to explore and restrooms. To the right the gardens. 

I spent about 2 hours exploring. Some people may spend more, some less. Most spent a LOT of time just taking selfies lol. There is a lot of intricate art here. So many secrets of the deep mind. Verses, specific set ups of things, cultural artifacts brought back from other countries and some history items about the artists. I really love South America and there were a lot of So America objects and Art that I picked up on and it made sense after finding out the artist and his wife spent a lot of time in Peru in the Peace Corps. 

The land was almost taken away and luckily the people of the community came together to keep it as it is a gem. Looking at it, it makes you wonder if the artist was extremely intelligent, extremely crazy, both or I guess just an artist. I am not one to judge as it is a masterpiece for sure. Everyone can go there and take what they want from it. That is the joy in giving and receiving Art.
Philadelphia's Magic Gardens is a beautiful mosaic uniquely-Philly art piece/gallery that spans a block. It is a series of arches, steps, ceilingless rooms and indoor rooms. My friends and I had a wonderful time observing the art, taking pictures of the art, taking pictures of ourselves near the art. 

Protip: You should definitely buy tickets ahead of time. Even in the rain, there was good amount of people were there. And bring a poncho if it's raining. No umbrellas outside and a lot of structures do not have cover.

History: The main artist is Isaiah Zagar. He started putting up on vacant lots in 1994 in South Street, Philadelphia. In 2002, the lot's owner found Zagar's installation and sold the lot. The art was going to dismantled but the community came together to preserve the artwork. What a great story! Apparently, if you live in Philly, you can commission Zagar to build an art installation into your house. The waiting list is 1 year or more. 

We spent about 1 hour looking at collaborative artists, admiring the symbolism in the art and the various details. You can spend as little or as much time as you want. It was lovely. Too bad it was raining otherwise, it would have been easier to take pictures. 

If you don't live here, you should visit at least once!
I absolutely love this place! I'm happy that it's on South Street, makes it very convenient. I've only been there once but promised to come back again. I didn't know how much was contained in such a small area. The stairs, the passageways, the walls, everything is really a work of art. I made sure to bring my camera and ended up taking plenty of photos. I hope other people take some time out of their busy lives to just relax and take in some really great art.
I also made sure to visit the message station to write a little note!
They say one man's trash is another man's treasure. 

I say an accumulation of trash is an entire city's treasure.

Thank you Isaiah Zagar and Philadelphia for making art...and making art that is unique and engaging.
Located on Philadelphia's famous South Street, known for it's mix of bohemian and alternative atmosphere, the Magic Garden is truly a hidden gem. Thank goodness for Yelp, where I bookmarked this well ahead of even planning a trip to Philly.

Walking over, you could begin to see traces of Isaiah Zagar's artwork all around the streets. We arrived mid-day on the Saturday of Memorial weekend- a few hours before closing. There was already a nice line forming- the staff timed the admittance to ensure it wasn't over-crowded. The place is very small and you could easily breeze through in fifteen minutes, but we easily spent an hour in there just looking at all the installations and the people, and taking photos. The sun was starting to set, so the light was coming through the glass pieces and creating some beautiful scenes.

For $7, you really shouldn't miss this one of a kind experience. The name Magic Gardens is quite appropriate.

Check in on Yelp for a free postcard - which we totally forgot to redeem :(
It was an extremely fun cooky place to be. Great for photos and doing artistic poses for your instagram. Warning: I do recommend to reserve the time beforehand, there might be a long wait. The garden was Isaiah Zagar's personal space where his unique mosaic art is displayed to the public for everyone to enjoy. It took him 14 years to construct his artistic haven.
Its amazing that this artist dedicated 14 years to build this awesome place.  It truly speaks to the phrase "one man's junk is another man's treasure".    
I saw that the first lady even visited - its definitely a unique and creative work of art.  The admission fee is very cheep.
Wow! This is one of the coolest art exhibits I have ever seen in my life! Definitely worth the trip!

This was the first place I visited on my first trip to Philly; what a way to start the trip! I had heard about this place through a friend and wasn't really sure what to expect at first. I paid $8 online for a ticket with a student discount. 

I had to park a few streets down since there isn't a parking lot on South Street, and on the walk up to the garden there were multiple buildings covered in mosaics, which made me super excited to actually get into the garden. Walking in you can see a large continuous garden with different "rooms" that are completely covered in mosaics and different broken bottles/glasses/things that the artist, Isaiah Zagar, found throughout the city. There's so much to see in the exhibit, I feel like if I worked there I could still find something new to look at every day.

There's also a small building inside where you can learn more about the story of how the gardens came to be and about Isaiah Zagar. Definitely take some time to look at everything in here too because it's almost as cool as the outside.

I checked-in on the Yelp app and actually got a free post card! The only issue I had was that the gardens were pretty crowded, which made it a little hard to take pictures. Overlooking this factor though, this was one of my favorite places I visited in Philly, I'll definitely be back!
Simply wonderful and unique.  A style that can be seen on the sides of buildings throughout South Philly.  Trippy as hell.  An ideal location to have a mid-summer dinner party.  A place that is better left described by others pretentious enough to feel their description is relevant.

Bring a camera and friends.  It's worth the admission price.

But what's up with the artist's God complex?
A uniquely Philadelphian artistic destination that has woven itself into the fabric and face of this neighborhood.  You do not have to walk too far to see the mosaic thumbprint that Isaiah has left on many of the city's homes and buildings.

It's an overwhelming oeuvre.  There is a litany of glass everything, tiles, bottles, found objects, assembled together to create this otherwordly universe.  It's almost too difficult to describe and to convey what this space really is unless you go and see it for yourself.

It might be helpful, though, to rent or buy or see "In a Dream" before you go, a great documentary made by Isaiah's son which gives further insight into Isaiah Zagar, the wild, tortured man, his work and his family.  It also gives greater context into the creation and inner workings of his life's work: the Magic Gardens.

A must for Art Lovers.
Prepare to be immersed into a magical experience filled with dreamy, pastel colors and intricate designs. The garden space looks limited from the outside, but I actually spent two hours exploring every nook and cranny. My friend and I snapped away at the beautiful mosaics with our cameras and found ourselves repeating, "Oh my gosh... look at how beautiful this is!" to each other over a million times. If you're hoping to capture some photos, I'd highly recommend coming right when the garden opens before it fills up. The last thing you'd want is to catch someone's random body part hanging out in an otherwise perfect shot.
This was a really cool/unique place to visit!  If you're in Philly, this is a must see.  Right up there with the rocky statue!  This little gem is walking distance from the heart of Philly and costs $10 for adults, or if you're like me and still have your student ID, only $8 (it appears the prices have changed so view the website for accurate info.)  I would best describe this as a mosaic type maze of artwork, which can be viewed in less than an hour.   You can look at the pictures and see its amazement!  What's cool about this place is even after you leave you continue to see little pieces of mosaic all throughout the neighborhood.

FYI- they do sell the tickets every 30 minutes with limited capacity.  I'd recommend getting there about 15 minutes before you plan on going in so it doesn't fill up.
Use your student ID and save $2. Make sure to come about 30 mins before you actually plan on seeing the musuem. for example, come at 11 AM to be let in the musuem at 11:30. They allow waves of people to come in every 30 mins. 

The outdoor exhibit was much smaller than i thought, but there is so much to look at . there are about 3 different levels. make sure to head inside and check out some of those exhibitions, also the back is now open and there are some added pieces there. make a trip or 2 to the bathroom since thats part of the exhibit too = )

overall i liked and appreciated the hard work that was put into here, its a good way to check out something unique and kill about an hour of your day if youre in the city and looking for something to do!
Absolutely love this place. $10 tickets for a 30 minute tour of a beautiful masterpiece created out of depression. Different mosaics, objects, and glass are sculpted together with phrases meaningful to Isaiah Zagar scattered throughout. Similar to a fairy garden, my soul wondered happy to be in the presence of this art. It makes you truly admire how talented some people are, and the beauty that comes out of darkness. While wandering this magical place, who do we bump into but the creator himself. Apparently he makes guest appearances a few days awake. He seemed to be enjoying watching people enjoy his work. He was very happy to take a picture with me. What a kind soul. His work is scattered throughout the neighborhood making this man a Philly staple. What a great stroll and a must see in this city.
A must see, without a doubt! 

Took a road trip from Long Island, NY to this beautiful little sanctuary that Isaiah Zagar created. The story behind it is so beautiful. 

It's a small little mosaic outside gallery, it will take you about 15 minutes to circle it. However, my girlfriends and I stayed here for a few hours! Just admiring all the beautiful artwork. You can circle this place 100x and still find new and beautiful art. 

I love that the town is filled with Zagars beautiful pieces embedded into the buildings. Such a unique place.

I will totally come back for another tour.
I saw a mosaic in the outside area that said, "I built this sanctuary to be inhabited by my ideas & my fantasies," which I think captures the essence of Philadelphia's Magic Gardens perfectly.

Tip #1:  Small entrance fee (~$5-10, I can't remember).

Tip #2: The majority of the mosaics are in the Magic Gardens, but there are other mosaics interspersed throughout the nearby neighborhood.  One of my favorite mosaics was just down the street. 

Overall:  A beautiful, sprawling piece of artwork.  This is one of those places where the more you look, the more you discover.  I absolutely loved this little pocket of creativity and imagination.
Such a cute little gem in the downtown Philadelphia area. 

I came here on Labor Day and it was pretty packed as you could imagine. I arrived about 330 and thought that you would be able to just get a ticket and walk on in. Well, that wasn't the case. There was about an hour wait. ( they only allow a certain amount of people per group) which isn't a big deal since although the space is about 3,000 square feet it can definitely get a little packed in there. 

The cost was $10 per adult which is incredibly reasonable. I honestly enjoyed my time here and although to me it's honestly a place that doesn't need to be visited multiple times I would definitely come again.

The staff was pleasant and made sure they were there to answer any questions that people might have had. Oh, and check in with YELP and you get a free Postcard :)
This place is pretty freaking sweet. Any visitor to Philadelphia (and any delinquent residents who haven't made their way here for any reason) should come and see Isaiah Zagar's Magic Gardens. This place, his former residence, is truly a masterpiece and its incredibly fun to walk around and explore this mosaic'ed out house. 

The gardens, which you can somewhat view from the street, are free to walk around in, but to enter the house itself you need to pay a very small fee, which is completely worth it since you help keep this place around and viewable to the public. Walking around Philly, you will inevitably encounter a smaller Zagar mosaic decoration on the sides of homes and buildings, but nothing compares to the full-on masterpiece just sitting here on South Street.
I'm not sure how much this costs, but however much it was it was perfectly acceptable. The immersive art space was so cool, and it was cool to see the artist's work repeated throughout Philly while walking. 

This place is more than magical, but Magic Gardens seems to be an apt name. Pictures and descriptors don't do it justice--how can you describe a mosaic space of bicycle wheels and glass bottles and legomen? A must-visit in Philly.

Bonus: the admission fee benefits public art in the Philadelphia area. So much win.
I eloped here years ago, and the museum has only improved and expanded since then! PMG still makes lovely afternoon date on South St just after lunch or before dinner. We made an anniversary date to the gardens this past fall and it much more popular this time around than in years past as we had to reserve a spot for entry that meant 2hrs to enjoy on and around South until it was time for our reservation. Beautiful place to explore, learn, and make memories for philly locals and tourists alike.
This place is amazing. Whenever I hear that someone will be in the South Street area, I tell them they must go. Pictures really can't do this place justice. You must experience it in person.

I can't get over just how much tile and glass and random objects and mosaics can be in the space of one lot. It's like walking through a jungle of shiny colors. For just $3, you can spend quite a long time making your way through the outside sections as well as the areas in the house (at the moment I think the basement is my favorite spot) staring into the mind of Isaiah Zagar. 

Don't miss out on more of his art all along South Street. The street immediately to the left of the Magic Gardens has mosaics everywhere and another street over is a house completely covered in them. I've also seen the mosaics in the Eye's Gallery on the top floor.

This is a place to keep coming back to since there is something new every time.
Definitely a must-see if you're visiting Philadelphia. Be sure to reserve a time online instead of just showing up because you'll end up eating hours, (even if you arrive when they open). If you find yourself with time to kill before your scheduled time walk around the neighborhood. It's a sneak peek to what you're in for. Zagar's art is up and down the street. So fascinating to see people's homes blessed with this man's work.
Do you believe in Magic ? Isiah Zager has created it here in his Philadelphia Magic Garden's public art exhibition. The mosaics seem to be an extension of our city itself, with quotes swirling, animals prancing, while all of it is mesmerizing you with their intensity of colors. For only $5, this experience can be yours. These gardens are truly a Philadelphia treasure, like the Mummers or a soft pretzel hot from the bakery oven . Come here to walk within a philly experience like none other.
This place is beautiful. The artist made art out of things we would throw away. It was really magical. We randomly learned about his apartments for rent, as well as the history of Zagar's vision. It was pretty cool. If you appreciate art, this is something you wouldn't want to miss out on.
What an amazing place. There's really no words I can use to describe it. 

This is the mosaic masterpiece of artist Isaiah Zagar. Its truly one of the most incredible things I've ever seen. Just when you think you're done looking there's stairs to go down into another section. Then you turn a corner and there's even more. You can look at where he works...even the bathrooms are entirely mosaic. 

He has workshops one weekend of every month for around $300 where you go to a public space and do a piece and you get to hang with this incredible man which is worth the 300 alone!

There's a suggested donation of $2 but give more BC they're trying to reach their goal of $300,000 to make this space permanent.
"Remember walking around in this work of fiction."

Philadelphia Magic Gardens can be likened to feeling like a mermaid swimming around a maze of color and euphoria. Isaiah Zagar is an award-winning mural artist and spent 14 years building/making/crafting this indoor/outdoor site. 

Every centimeter of this maze reveals the most curious aspects of culture: sexuality, figurines, vodka bottles, miss-spelled adages, and bicycle wheels; I don't think any part (including the ceilings) is uncovered by art. A really amazing trove of junk-turned-treasures. 

Moreover, the neighborhood is an extension of this organic magic garden.
Philadelphia's Magic Gardens is definitely a unique tourist attraction and shouldn't be missed. Philadelphia's Magic Gardens has been open since 2008 to the public and has a colorful, eclectic two story outdoor sculpture like garden. There is also 2 indoor galleries, where you will find 2 unisex restrooms (which are also artfully adorned). 

Believe it or not, all the tiles you see in this place is handmade, mixed in with random junk (although one can argue that these are treasures) like empty bottles, bike wheels, pieces of mirrors, broken statues, etc. There is a lot of folk art pieces thrown into the mix. The creator of this magic garden is Isiah Zagar, who made South Street a beautiful place (as you can see some of his art throughout this part of Philly). 

Because Philadelphia's Magic Gardens is dog friendly, my husband, our little girl dog and I decided to check out this place on a Friday afternoon. We bought tickets for the 3 pm tour, but you can also purchase tickets ahead of time on line (please note that these are time entry tickets). Tickets for adults cost $10, students, seniors and military get a discount at $8. Children aged 6- 12 years cost $5. Tours are also available, but at an additional fee, which are only offered on weekends. 

I would suggest planning on being here for at least an hour to see everything, at a leisurely pace and have the opportunity to get some photos in. 

When we did get the chance to finally come in, there were a good amount of people there but was manageable to get a lot of people free photos. When we did leave though, it did seem more crowded. 

If you are looking for something off the beaten path, then Philadelphia's Magic Gardens is definitely a must see.
Worth the hype!

TICKETS: You can get tickets beforehand but we decided to wing it and just go on a Saturday morning around 10:30 am.  There was no one in line, we bought tickets right away and went inside.  As we were leaving around 11:00 am I did hear them say there were only 8 tickets left for 11am.  I think they only allow a certain number of people to go inside at a time since it's kind of narrow so you would have to wait until the next "walk through."  Also, note the student discount!

EXHIBIT: It consists of an entire backyard maze with alleyways and stairs all made of mosaic tiles and glass bottles.  It's amazing how it looks on the inside and even though you could take pictures of murals outside of the museum, this is the only place where you are complete surrounded.  It basically makes for a really good instagram photo.  There are cool drawings, letterings and even a little patio area with hanging lights.  In the back area there's a mini gallery of other textiles and exhibits by the artist.

I'm one to love places that are unique and picture worthy.  For $10, I thought it was a once in a lifetime thing.  I probably wouldn't be back, but it's worth checking out once.
The concept is intriguing and I loved the multiple brown people placed throughout the mosaics, but all in all it was super phallic, heteronormative, and cisnormative. It can't be a complaint since that's the artist's taste and what he wanted to capture. There are a lot of faces and bodies in different ways through different pieces of tiles, glass and mirrors. I found the artist to be rather full of himself as he put multiple arms on himself like a Hindu deity. Didn't enjoy it as much as I thought I would and I'm glad I didn't pay for it (since I live in Philly and it was free week.) 

Side note: people were constantly touching the walls when the employees clearly stated before you walked in not to touch the walls...super disrespectful. Don't touch the walls.
I saw Isaiah Zagar on the street the very afternoon that I was headed to Magic Gardens. I secretly smiled in my mind about that cause "Hey man I'm goin to your house." I don't know. Normally I am in the habit of startling strangers on the street by yelling my musings, but on this day I was a shy chicken.

MAKE SURE you check out this lovely place. Mosey and gaze at the twinkly, colorful everywhere of mosaic. Yes, mosey through the mosaic. That's what I said. You're walking through a work of art. And it's just fantastic.
TBH I came here for the gram and although it is gram pretty, the street right across has equally pretty mosaics that you can take pictures in front of as well. Not too fond of paying $10 for such a small space to see, given that there are some museums where you can see and learn a lot more for the same price. Although, there is a student discount, philly offers a lot of artistic work for you to see besides this as well. If I were to visit philly again, I would invest my time and money in the many murals & wall art laid out in the city. 

Make sure to check in on yelp for a free postcard!
[$8] for students w/ valid ID. 

This is basically a place where you take pretty pictures of the mix of glass and concrete and then take pretty pictures of yourself with the glass and concrete and you walk here and there trying to justify the $8 you paid to get in (this all takes a total of 20 min max) and then you leave.

The art installation is all within a small enclosed space, so there's really not much else to do. They have more art inside, but looking around everything including the art inside doesn't take long. 

I showed my yelp check-in, so I received a free postcard. The photos on the postcards are blurry/not high quality, so don't expect too much.

This is a good place to go once in your life though, seeing as how your friends' instagram pictures of this garden will make you envious until you finally do go and snap a photo of it with your own camera and upload it to your account.
I really wanted to love this but left feeling a bit underwhelmed. Luckily the tickets are only $10 or i would have been pretty upset. Although it's something cool, it's not an amazing experience and there's so many people there during each time slot it's even hard to take a decent picture. Also, if you're going during the summer prepare to be HOT while you wait to get in and while you're walking around the outside area.

I have visited the Museum of Junk in Austin and totally enjoyed that more than this, so as long as you go in with lower expectations I think you'll be ok. Definitely not a must-do but can be a filler on your schedule while in Philly.
Regardless of whether you are an art lover or not, this place is so worth the visit.  For only $8, you get to see some AMAZING art created by a Philly local.  Important to note that this is also for all ages.

My two cousins (17 & 14) were in town & I was trying to figure out what to do with them because they are not of age to drink which is always my go to when friends are visiting.  This place was recommended by friends & I am so glad I took them there.  We were able to get some really cool pictures as well! But the pictures don't do it justice.
Interesting art gallery made from a lot of everyday things (like silverware, plates, bottles, mirrors, bicycle wheels) as well as more unique pieces. Lots of eyes and faces, and there were a lot of words/quotes along the walls as well. My friends and I didn't do the tour and just explored on our own. We spent over an hour there as we took time appreciating the details of the gallery and took a bunch of photos too, but the gallery can definitely be explored in 45 minutes or less. 

At $10/person, the Magic Gardens was an inexpensive and fun way to spend an hour in the afternoon. Great for people of all ages.
Maybe I am just not artistic, or maybe I am old school...even further, maybe I just don't get It. Whatever IT is, I am apparently out of the loop. Why, Why, Why do people find this at all interesting? 

I love mosaics, I think the process and the design that goes into them is phenomenal. But when I think of a mosaic I think of the cone mosaics of early Mesopotamia, or Byzantine Icons....not old plates, mugs and mirrors smashed up to make formless nothings, goofy faces, and nonsensical phrases.

I get the modern draw to make art from trash. taking discarded items and making them anew. But what happened to the idea of beauty, or functionality? 

Places like this lack sustainability because they have neither. the first time you see it you are in awe of everything, the next few times you see it you may nod your head at it's wonder, after that it progressively becomes more and more of an eye sore. This modern trend to shock us, and make us gasp has become boring and tedious. Because it will always take more to shock us, they will continue to have to up the ante, and find new and even more disgusting things to catch our attention and shock us for those fleeting moments.

And yet, something like the Sistine Chapel continues to put us in awe. Not because it shocks, not because it is ever changing, but because of it's beauty and workmanship. 

Places like the Magic Gardens are a flash in the pan. True art and true beauty is timeless and eternal.
This place always amazes me in terms of artistry and man made wonder. The person (Isaiah Zagar) who made this collected things from dumpsters (toilet bowls, bottles, glass, pottery, bicycle wheels) and has made it into a beautiful garden for people to walk around. The winding hallways and multilayer basements make it fun to tunnel through and see the various pieces of furniture and bits that the creator ingeniously put together to make it into a chaotic but peaceful kind of art. The glass and the mirrors give a serene feeling even though it really is a very chaotic mish mash of things. 

You can go in any time of the year. It makes for great photos and individual shots for those looking for cool backgrounds. It's good for kids and for groups of friends. You pay about 8$ to enter and it's a great experience. Even the bathrooms were mosaiced and you can spend all day sitting in there studying the pieces that surround you. There will be a line but don't get intimidated as it moves quickly. If you go in the summer I am not sure how long the line is as school's out and this area is a nice place to hang but my guess is going in weekday at around 2-4 pm will get you least amount of people or even before lunch! 

The streets leading you up to the magic gardens also have some murals made of mosaic so you get hyped about the real thing. I love that philly has murals all over the city and that the mosaics are slowly incorporated.
Wow! This exceeded my expectations. Just a beautiful display of mosaic artwork. Even the bathrooms are covered in artwork. So creative and fun. So many great photo ops.  A few tips if you visit:
- buy tickets in advance to save time upon arrival, the entries are timed; this is nice, as to avoid overcrowding. You may enter anytime after the time of your tickets. 
- if you have time, go to the Italian Market, which is about a 10 minute walk away. Great place to grab a bite, and browse the colorful fruit and veggie stands. Many great speciaty shops there too.
So beautiful! I paid for my tickets online and it saved us a lot of time. For some reason, I overlooked the fact that I had bought tickets under a time slot (11am). We got there around 11:45am and there was already a line. Despite my error to showed up at the appropriate time, the employees were understanding and let us in right away. I purchased the student ticket and just showed them my ID alongside my ticket and there was no problem. (regular ticket is $10 with student ID it is $8).  

Since we would be traveling back to NY in the afternoon, we were carrying our traveling bags. They were patient and offered us one of their closets to temporarily store our baggage while we explored the museum. 

The exhibit itself was beyond beautiful. The museum is entirely made out of mosaic tile and other materials. I loved it! It such a unique idea and creates various photo ops. After we left we and continued to explore Philly we came across a number of smaller mosaic murals all through Philly. It was exciting to spot them. If you get the chance to visit Philly, I highly recommend visiting this place!
The Magic Garden in an eclectic mix of pottery shards, metal, plastic, and glass made into a giant maze of spaces. While it certainly looks interesting for five minutes it is not necessary to purchase a ticket or even to walk inside. The entire area has pottery/ceramic work all over the nearby streets and the front of the entrance is just as decorated as the inside. I was extremely underwhelmed. 

I purchased a $10 timed ticket a week or two before leaving for my Philly trip but it was totally unnecessary. There was no line and I was able to enter an hour early. If this was a $5 visit, I might reconsider the value but I would encourage people to save their money for some of the more expensive museums in the area that one might hesitate to go to due to expense.
The secret is out about how beautiful this place is. When I first started coming here, admission was around $5 and the atmosphere was really relaxed. Now, it's $10 for adults and they have timed ticket entry. I guess you could say it's gotten a little more corporate. The money is going to a good organization, though, so it's hard to be upset about these things.

On to the artwork, though...the tiles are all unique and beautiful. The bottle art/trees are really interesting, as are the mini statues you'll find strewn throughout the garden. They have a rotating gallery inside that features some beautiful pieces, too. You can see the level of commitment and love that the artist (Isaiah Zagar) and his team put into everything. A lot of tourists that come to Philadelphia want to see the Liberty Bell or Independence Hall, but I always take visitors to The Magic Gardens so that they can see this amazing little piece of Philadelphia.
To describe Philadelphia's Magic Gardens in a few words... inspiring, brilliant and creative come to mind.  The place is overwhelmingly colorful.  Chills from head to toe.  

Creative to the core.  Who thinks up of using everyday items (such as wine bottles, tiles, dishes, sculptures, mirrors) often used and commonly thrown away or recycled and re-purposed to create mosaic art?  The one and only Isaiah Zagar.

Philadelphia's Magic Gardens is a MUST DO in Philly.  The tour is worth the money... and if you're really interested, there are workshops - see the link:  http://www.phillymagicgardens.org/isaiah/workshops

Special thanks to Rachel A (raaraa.yelp.com) for introducing me to this place!  ENJOY!
My husband and I had our wedding ceremony at the Magic Gardens on 11/15/14 and it was just the absolute best night of our lives.  This is place is so totally unique and gorgeous and special and it MADE our wedding ceremony and photos.  It was perfect.  Quite literally everyone at our wedding was blown away by the location and so many longtime Philly residents said "why the heck haven't I ever been here before?".    

A very special thanks is due to Allison and Katie, our wonderful event planners who were knowledgeable, kind, calm, and great at their jobs.  We loved working with them both and would recommend an event at the Magic Gardens to anyone.  

In preparing for our wedding, we made quite a number of trips to the gardens and so I should also note that every single staff member we encountered there was completely helpful and lovely and professional.  

Really the best experience.  Thanks to everyone!
This is a gem (pun intended) of South St, Philadelphia.  I was walking by here with some friends (we were visiting them) on our way to South St and we started seeing walls of businesses and apartment buildings covered in marble and glass.  We thought it was awesome, so we took some pics, then we walked by a gate and looked in.. in awe!  A whole courtyard of random objects that the artist had picked up during his worldly travels from the 1960's.  Artifacts, pottery and figurines from exotic lands adorn several walls around the area.  It's just absolutely beautiful!  As Richeen said, it's always changing, the artist is always adding new pieces!  GO SEE IT!
Let me start off by saying I don't usually don't like art exhibits. In fact, I don't recall ever enjoying one, especially one which features a lot of well... junk. 

However, something about this specific exhibit spoke to me. You may even call it... Magic. As soon as you walk past the entrance (for a mere $5 donation), you immediately are greeted by naked ppl on the wall. 

Let me backtrack a bit. Even before entering, the wall on the outside is home to a interesting pieces. My girlfriend and I took pictures using the mirror, naturally. So just in case the $5 or your time is too precious, you can get a brief sample without even having to enter.

The best way to enjoy PMG is to go when no one else goes. We happened to go Wednesday at 11am. No one else there most of the time. We got to frolic (figuratively, maybe)  around the place with no one in the way, snapping pictures like paparazzi. 

We could have stayed at this place for more than two hours, however reality, aka the parking meter, was calling.
The Philadelphia Magic Gardens... is not a garden...

It's a corner of Philadelphia that showcases the mosaic artwork of Isaiah Zagar. Every INCH of the place (including the bathroom and janitor's closet!) is covered with pieces of broken tiles, mirrors, glass, ceramic/porcelain pots, mugs, toothbrush holders? YES! Anything the man could get his hands on, he would mosaic, and it is astounding!

I overheard someone say Zagar is crazy for doing this, but the Magic Gardens guide said this is what he needs to do to be normal. Try to wrap your mind around THAT.

It's truly inspiring. You gotta see it at least once.
Isaiah Zagar's
explosion of mosaic 
art is cool to see

I was disappointed that the outdoor area wasn't open when I was there -- there was just a little snow on the ground.  The outdoor area looked very cool, so I'd recommend visiting the Gardens when it's not Winter.
We were stuck in Philly for the day after a missed connection and I found this while looking for things to do. 

It ended up being really awesome. We got there at 12 and the next time they were selling tickets for was 1 so we got those.

The outdoor exhibit was my favorite part. I liked all of the stairs and doorways. There were gardens too and everything is mosaic. It is really well put together. 

There are also two exhibits inside. Even the bathrooms are mosaic. 

If you have free time while in Philly, I highly recommend coming here! They also sell tickets online in advance so you don't have to wait when you get there.
I love this place! it is so inspiring to know that the entire space was one man's vision that came to life. Isaiah Zagar is the founding artist and he is still working on mosaics everyday! That is the magic behind the Philadelphia's Magic Gardens. Mosaics made of found objects, folk art and broken tiles, bottles and bike spokes make up the fascinating space on South Street. It is a very unique space that has a personality of it's own. Walk around and don't forget your camera! 

Something that most people don't realize is that Philadelphia's Magic Gardens is more than a place, it is also a non-profit organization that inspires the community to create art and appreciate local art. There is a cool fundraising Gala each fall so look out for the details soon. This year it will be Sat. Sept. 21st! Hope to see you there and show your support.
I adore the Magic Gardens.

Located on South St, the Magic Gardens are a giant, immersive, interactive artwork by Isaiah Zagar (a "visionary art environment" according to the promo materials).  It's an entire building -- a maze, really -- made of junk, tile, glass, and cement, and it's stunning to look at.  

You can spend hours upon hours exploring its crevices and hidden treasures of the Magic Gardens, and that's just scratching the surface of Zagar's masterpiece.  The art works on lots of levels, and it's completely up to you to decide how to enjoy it.

Words don't do it justice.  Photos are better -- and definitely take lots of photos!  The staff of the Magic Gardens are total Instagram fiends and encourage visitors to share their attraction with the rest of the world via social networking.  However, while photos are nice, to really absorb the Magic Gardens, you have to visit for yourself.

Admission is a mere $5.  That's less than half the cost of a movie ticket, for a much more rewarding experience.  The space can also be rented to host a private event, which I would love to do someday.

The Magic Gardens should be at the top of every Philly "must see" list.  It's fun, thought-provoking, gorgeous, and completely unique.

Get yourself over there, now!!!
Wasn't really sure what to expect just by looking at the pictures alone, but I'm so glad we visited! It's essentially a giant art installation and sculpture garden that takes over a nicely-sized plot of land. It was done by 1 artist over the course of like 20 years or something like that. The level of detail and intricate work done by this artist was breathtaking! 

We took a ton of pictures, and more than a few selfies with the art in the background. Be sure to take your time when walking around, because it's basically a big maze, and there's so much stuff to see and discover. 

Such a fun visit!
Friendly staff and beautiful art. However, this was not worth the $12 I paid. Other than a bunch of Instagram shots, I really didn't learn much. The gift shop was nice but didn't have much. Their website points to other points of interests near by which was nice. I wouldn't go again.
I had a very different thought about what we were going to see when I got to this place. I've never seen art like this and the place is very peaceful. The atmosphere was very nicely lit. I just felt like there was so much and I couldn't see it all at the same time. It was a lot of details to the art as well which was awesome.
Very cute place.
I'm glad I finally went after years of passing by.

I'm definitely impressed with the skill and creativity of the folks who made the mosaics.

The staff was very helpful at explaining that because of the pandemic tickets are strictly purchased online in advance. This was fine because we ended up buying tickets for within the next 15 minutes.

Worth a visit.
A beautiful oasis. It's so incredible to be able to enjoy other people's creativity years after they generated the idea. 

An era and a neighborhood's transition are encapsulated in this space and it's beautiful to see. One person's trash, is truly another persons treasure in this inspired space.

Support the arts! Go visit! Well worth the time!
I would HIGHLY recommend this place to anyone who's planning to visit Philadelphia. I'd heard a lot about it before visiting, so I knew I'd have to stop here at some point. The price is affordable - only $15/adult for general admission and $12 if you have a student ID! Just be aware that if you stop by, you likely won't be able to go inside right away (because the place is pretty small, they have to let people go in groups). When we got there at 1:30, we had to buy tickets and then return at 2:30. But it wasn't a big deal because there's plenty to do in that area while you wait!

Once we got inside, we had as much time as we wanted to look around at everything (there is no time limit). It's completely open, so I would try to go on a nice day if you can (we went while it was raining). The art is spectacular - it's filled with so many artifacts and is so creatively designed. If you look closely, you'll see there are many hidden messages in the artwork. I absolutely loved every moment! There are so many different nooks to explore. 

Just when you think you're done, you'll realize there is also a small indoors section! There are lots of small art pieces for sale (though they are pricey - $300 on average) and walls that are spotted with different patches of color. There is also a small gift shop at the end, where I bought my friend a sketchbook. I would highly recommend, loved my experience here!!
Very cool and unexpected.  There's a lot to look at, just make sure you have time to take it all in.  His work is really expansive, detailed, and slightly erotic.  May not be appropriate for children who are old enough to understand what a picture of a penis is.  It's all very artsy - just be aware.  I had looked at a few of the websites on the gardens, and I had no idea until we walked in and started looking at the details.  The word "clitoris" is in the basement spelled out on a few of the tiles. My friend saw it first, and I had a good laugh about how she "found the clitoris:. HAHAHAHA.

I got a kick out of the picture of Michelle Obama with her kids there - I wonder if she realized there were so many genitals spread throughout the place when she decided to take her kids ther

I'm not trying to trivialize what he has done - his work is this place is amazing and an important piece to the South Street revival.  It's so cool to walk up and down the neighborhood and see all the different mosaics everywhere. 

Worth the time, worth the money, worth at least one visit...I know next time I have visitors we will go here again.
This place is super beautiful!  Come when it's good weather and give yourself time to really explore the nooks and crannies of the artwork.  It's not too crowded so you really can appreciate the details.  You can explore the neighborhood as well and find other areas that the artist decorated.  Even taking your time you should not expect to spend more than an hour here.
Music.
Art.
Obviously very subjective.
To be honest I don't love this artist's work.  Worst part is the words, I do respect the hours and dedication.
Personally I think you charge 5 bucks, Max.
10 is over priced, in and out in under 15 minutes.
My cousin was married here on the hottest day in October to date. 85 degrees and 97% humidity...well, atleast everyone was sweating! This is an amazing location for a wedding. If you have seen the mosaics around Philly, then know that this is mosiac mother-ship. A whole city lot turned into a mosiac using old bottle, bicycle wheels, broken tiles, plates, cups, etc. The outside space has one long area which was used as the dance floor and had some tables, plus a bar, then another area which was more squarish was used for the ceremony, (and it had a giant chuppah!) which they brought in tables and another buffet station. Then there were halls decorated in mosiac and a basement level area with more tables to loiter around. It only hold 75 people, and there is a large breakage deposit, should your party get rowdy, however, i would put this up there as one of the most interesting places to have a wedding. The whole place made for spectacular back drops, and conversation starters (see how many penis's you can find!). The bride for this wedding works in ceramics, so this was a very fitting venue. Not good for children, as they could be costing you your breakage fee. And def don't wear heels here, wedges or flats are best.
I've never seen anything like this before! It took artist Isaiah Zagar 14 years to complete this project and it's absolutely stunning. It makes you enjoy art without being too serious about it, especially for someone like me who when through the MoMa in less than 2 hours... I just can't get into it. But this is fun, and whimsical, I feel like a little kid exploring and looking at all of the different materials he used to create this structure/garden/art... I don't really know what to call it?

We happened to stumble upon this place when walking down South Street heading toward the restaurant area for some grub after completing the walking Mural tour. Seeing some people giggling in the exhibit, I was like can we tour these? Is there an admission? Where's the entrance! To explore its $7 admission, $5 for students and seniors, which is a steal for everything you can see, plus there are two galleries. 

If you want something different to do in Philly I feel like this is a great bet!
It is uncanny to me that there is only one previous review of this space - it is incredible.  What started as a small public art space has blossomed into a place where I felt bad spending a mere $5 to enter and subsequently made an additional $5 donation to keep the creative spirit alive.

Packed with intricate design, overflowing with artistic genius and a little bit of madness.  Helpful staff, free to roam as you like or pay more for a self guided tour.  They even have pieces to sell.

A bargain in a city of pricey museums - do yourself a favor and go.
Super cute garden where you can walk around and take a look at all the trinkets and bottles. They're glass bottles, plates, dolls, and more fused together to make this art work. Tickets can be purchased ahead of time online for $15 for adults.  $12 for students. The garden is pretty small but it's good for pictures and exploring. There's a bathroom there and they also have some guides. I went on a sunny day so it was pretty hot walking around but they did have a shady area with some seats. Definitely a cute spot to spend 30 min to explore.
BEAUTIFUL spot. Never seen anything like it.

It was $10 for a full-priced adult ticket. Can't imagine spending more than 20-30 minutes here, but it's unique enough that I didn't mind. Highly Instagram-able, if that's your thing. If it isn't, you'll still see plenty of one-liners amongst the mosaics to photograph and use as wallpapers when you need an emotional boost.

If you have the time, I highly recommend going down a Wikipedia-spiral looking in to the history of the artist and the gardens - it's a cool story about someone fighting for its surrounding community and emphasizing the importance of art.

I also recommend going on that Wiki spiral, coming here, and then wandering South street... it'll give you a greater appreciation for all the different murals you'll see scattered about.

Highly recommend if you visit Philly!
Excited to visit this touristy spot, I was pretty underwhelmed at the end of it.

The staff members sit by the front and inform you of any COVID regulations. I really wish before coming in, there is some obvious display that explains the story behind the artwork just to get some context. 

Once you step into the outdoor area, there are various "corridors" where you can walk into different arrangements of the same artwork. It was really amazing to see the various junk plastered on to craft a colorful outdoor area, but the artwork soon got repetitive. For $15, I expected more, especially when I paid around the same to do way more in the Eastern State Penitentiary. There were some areas that were pretty cool though, and I especially love how beautiful a bicycle wheel can look in creating tiny windows. 

It gets hot if you're going in the summer, so I appreciate their indoor AC area that showcases other exhibits. Go here if you appreciate art and love taking photos, but other than that, I wouldn't recommend this to tourists honestly. If they have time though, it's in a convenient location.
This is by far the best $5 I have ever spent in my life. Highly recommend coming here and this place makes for great photos.

The price to view the garden is super cheap! ($7 for adults, $5 with a student ID and there are senior citizen prices and prices for children are $3, I think?)

Dress warm if you're going bc most of the viewing is outside and there is a line to get in. We waited probably 20-25 minutes outside before we got in. The majority of the art viewing is outside 75% and 25% is indoors (there is a documentary you can watch about Isaiah). In addition, they have a couple of his pieces that you can buy (ranges from $400&up). there are other things you can buy too: mugs, earrings, shirts, post cards, etc.

The employees are super helpful and kind. We came from reading market and had a bunch of bags on us. Eric at the front offered to hold onto our belongings and warned us about the steps (I had a giant brace on my knee). 

One of the first things that caught my eye before we went into the gardens was how the restroom was also pieced together like Isaiah's garden. Definitely the best restroom I have ever seen! 

The garden is absolutely beautiful! The picture don't quite do this place justice. Magic Garden is something you definitely want to visit. The dimensions and layout of his garden is super fun! There are hall walls, stairs, well designed layouts for fun photos. Some of the stairs are narrow, so be careful of where you are going. We spent about an hour looking through the whole garden.
In my previous review, written back in 2010, I mentioned that I'd keep the Magic Gardens in mind as a wedding venue if and when the time ever came.  As it turns out, I did end up getting married at the Magic Gardens!  

We wanted to have our wedding in a fun and relaxed atmosphere, and the Magic Gardens was ideal.  By day the space seems exuberant and colorful.  Then as night falls, city lights are reflected in the mirror mosaics and it becomes more mysterious and serene. 

Guests loved exploring and wandering all around the space.  We had 100 people (the absolute max they allow), and the space didn't seem too crowded.

Through the planning process, the staff was patient and responsive, answering questions and helping out in various ways -- definitely solid people to work with!

If you're considering the Magic Gardens for your wedding, keep in mind that it is a BYO-everything venue.  They do have a few tables and chairs, but you'll probably end up renting more.  Our caterers even had to rent an oven.  We skipped renting a tent and were lucky to have a sunny day -- but if it had rained all our guests would have had to cram inside the small gallery space.   While it may seem like an affordable option compared to other venues in Philly, the costs do add up.  For us it was well worth it, and I completely loved having our wedding there, but it's just something to remember as you're planning!
You can read the other reviews to know that this magic garden is indeed magical.  When we arrived, we did not have to wait on line for tickets because we ordered the tickets on the website.  I suggest you do the same to avoid waiting on a long line for tickets.  Adult tickets are $10 each.  Student tickets are $8.  Etc.  Make sure you bring your ID to prove that you are what you say you are.  The magic garden itself was very creative and artistic.  Many Instagram users enjoy trying to take the best pictures that they possibly can here.  It is an outdoor thing so make sure you come equipped with sunscreen.  They also have an indoor area with a restroom if you enjoy resting.  If you do not come out of the magic garden with a great picture then you did not make the most out of your time.  Make sure you get there on time, according to the time you chose when purchasing the tickets.  If you miss the time then you can go to the next time, but they say you cannot go to an earlier time - probably a way for them to stay organized.
It's a necessary excursion for tourists. Should it be?  I guess. Especially if you instagram. Especially if you are with kids and they give you the scavenger hunt sheet. It's definitely significant and unique and I'm glad I waited until I had a 6-year-old in tow.
I have been meaning to check this place out for a while and I finally got a chance too while in Philly for a day trip. Found street parking pretty easily right off the Gardens and since it was a Monday, the place wasnt packed either. My student i.d is still active so i took advantage of that and got an entry of $8 (regular is $10). They were also doing a special where if you are a Philadelphia resident, you get to go in for free if you show proof of residence.

The garden is a work of art/mosaic/quirky tiling/broken mirrors right from the get-go and I heard its ever-evolving. I love how you transformed to some alternative alice-in-wonderland/mad hatter kinda scene as soon as you enter with the art being on display everywhere. Its not a huge venue but its a great place to take insta shots, find quirky pieces of art everywhere (maybe even have a few favorites that surprised you out of nowhere) and try to make sense of the different quotes splattered all over the garden. There is also what seemed like a knitting or crafts table where visitors were partaking (im still not sure what it was but thats what it seemed like).
So fun!

I've been here a few times, they have additional gallery space inside and in these off-shoot rooms as well as the big mosaic space outside. 
The exhibits inside are always changing so be sure to check em out!

In the day time, rain or shine, night time or what have you- the place is truly magical. 
I find new things everytime I go. They're detail oriented, even the bathrooms are cute covered in mosaics.
The writings are all over the place and say really cute poems and things.
At night they strung up lights making it really romantic ;)
The staff is really organized and friendly. Seems like a good work environment for them which translates to everyone else having a good time. 

They have merch and art for sale too and reasonable prices for everything. 
They offer student and senior discounts!
It gets really busy on the weekends so if you can swing it, go during the week and you can have a more intimate experience.
Ahhhh this place is pretty cool!  Not a really big area ...but defiantly worth exploring....you partially feel like you are In a playground but not ...full of weird art ...I thought it was pretty cool ...when I went there they were hosting a art gallery opening which was cool ...they were selling weird paintings and sculptures...of cores really expensive...people that work there was really friendly and helpfully ... Loved how there was food laid out lol.. When you check in here...there's a yelp deal for a free post card from there art studio... Pretty neat! 
Ps: if you have time check there celling and bathroom ...art work all over.. The bathroom is colorfully and there's three d art popping out... The celling has painting all over it could not stop looking up ...
A picture really can't describe how amazing this place is. It's literally like walking into someone's imagination, come to life. For $5, totally worth it.
I walk past this place all the time, so when groupon posted an offer right before my best friend came to visit me, I jumped right on it. 

Wow. Just wow. If you've just walked past and you think, "Why pay, I can see it from the street," you are so wrong. I feel like I could go here like 20 more times and still not see everything. There is so much to take in: tile, glass, mirrors, found items...anything & everything makes this art. Look up, look down, look all around! So much beauty!

I read some of the pamphlets & articles they had at Magic Gardens while I was there. When I saw a picture of Isaiah Zagar, I realized I'd seen him a few times around the neighborhood...and every time I saw him, I'd wonder, "Who's that smiley cool old dude?" I loved finding out that it's him!

Highly, highly, HIGHLY recommend.
Went to PMG yesterday (Sunday) for the first time with Hubby and a friend. I'd walked by this place probably a hundred times and always thought "I really need to go there". So, when I saw they were running a Groupon deal, I snatched it up. Fast forward to yesterday when I realized it was set to expire this week, so I headed over to use it while I still had the chance. 

The Groupon was for 4 people and there were only 3 of us, so they gave us 1 free pass for next time. Also, I forgot to read the fine print that stated we had to have a reservation, but they accommodated us anyway. I thought that was really sweet of them. 

The artwork here is fantastic. Everything is so detailed and intricate that you can hang out for hours and just study the different mosaics. We got plenty of cool pictures and definitely had a blast.

We definitely didn't leave empty-handed either. With the Groupon we each got a souvenir magnet, and with our Yelp check-ins we also each got a free postcard! The staff at PMG definitely made us feel welcome and I look forward to trying one of their guided tours next time.
Drove from New York to visit Philly and the Magic Gardens was one of our main attraction. We walked around for over an hour, analyze everything and we're just trying to take it all in.This place is amazing and truly inspiring. With a small fee of $7 for adult & $5 for students, it is worth the visit!

Free PMG postcard with yelp check in.
This place is worth making time to see on your next trip to Philadelphia! When you enter there are some nice pieces and then you go into another room which gets even better, but you have no idea what's in store for you next when you enter the garden. I was in total awe and had to slowly take in the creation of artist Isaiah Zagar.   The details in this creative masterpiece is brilliant and inspiring especially for those who like mosaic art.  Incorporating so many different recycled materials from broken tile, mirrors, light fixtures, bottles, stone, glass, dishes, iron, metal and so much more into a dream like reality.   Slowly walk thru the beautiful garden so you don't miss anything from the murals, quotes and the exquisite story behind this work of art.
The second I heard that my family wanted to go to the City of Brotherly Love for the weekend, I was ecstatic. Aside from the fact that this trip meant that I would be able to devour all the Philly Cheesesteaks I wanted, it also meant that I would finally be able to get lost in the enchanting Philly's Magic Gardens. After seeing photo after photo of the beautifully mosaic-ed garden, I had been dying to see it for myself, so I was so excited that I was finally getting the chance to do so. 

And let me tell ya, it was every bit as magical as I had imagined. I could honestly spend hours and hours there by myself and still not feel like I've seen everything that the garden had to offer. It is a truly whimsical little place that is unlike anything I've ever seen. Isaiah Zagar is an absolute master at what he does. I only just wish I lived closer so I could visit all the time.
