We were in town for the weekend, and hadn't been to Philadelphia in years (and only then on business and hadn't had much chance to explore). This tour was well-planned, well-routed and a fantastic way to see the entire city in a couple of hours. Jonas, our guide, was fun and knowledgeable and really gave us the lowdown on all the sites. Would definitely recommend!!
We were initially disappointed that the City tour wasn't available, and we signed up for the Fairmount Park tour instead.  We are so glad we did!   Our guide Jonas was extremely knowledgable, and it was nice to see some of the sites off the beaten path, as well as some stunning views. Very highly recommend this tour!
My wife and I had a tour from Joanna and it was terrific!  The people at the shop were so nice and Joanna was a pleasure to be with.  Very knowledgeable and we learned a lot about art that we've driven by a thousand times but never noticed before.  A++  THANK YOU!!!
Graham was our tour guide and he gave an outstanding overview and orientation to the sights, neighborhoods, and history of this city!   The bikes were comfortable hybrids, water bottles and helmets were provided, and there are zippered storage bags mounted on the rear of the bicycles.  The biking was easy, and Graham's enthusiasm and love of this city made this a really fun and informative introduction to Philadelphia.
We enjoyed this tour very much. We got every bit of the 3 hour tour we reserved. 

First off, the service was excellent. Our guide was very friendly, and helpful. He made sure we all had water, properly fitted helmets, and we were all happy with our bikes before we took off. 

During the tour, our guide was incredibly knowledgeable. He made sure he shared with us as much education as he could, and he gave us plenty of time to take pictures and quickly explore areas we stopped at. He was very kind. 

Also, during the rides, while in the City, he was extremely cautious with traffic, made sure no one was left behind, and we were always safe on the road. 

Even after the tour, he offered recommendations on where to get lunch, and gave us a free water bottle. 

Not much else you could want on a tour. The tour was affordable, the service was kind, the trip as saw and packed with plenty of stops and education on the beautiful city of Philadelphia.
