Best live crabs in the city, if you want to buy them to cook yourself. Phil is great and will get you the size crab you want if they're available.
I wish I could tell you what these crabs are like. I can't because each time I drive here and call the phone number no matter the day or time I am told that they are closed. I have tried a Monday, morning, etc and every time I end up getting my crab fix from the Flying Crabs place just up the street. At this point I have given up on trying these crabs unless they can post some dedicated business hours.
I really have to hand it to this guy. I was going to pick up a half dozen crabs and some clams for a crab boil at my apartment. However, once I saw the pricing of these crabs, I felt obligated to get a bushel. It was worth every dime. There were at least 7 dozen of the Delaware mediumsin the buschel which weighted at least 50 pounds. This was all for less than 100$. Try finding a place that sells them that cheap, and I'll bet you that they weren't fresh. I was told that there's a new shipment every morning. In the bushel, there were only about 3-5 that weren't probably good (with very slow movement), however, keep in mind that they were on the bottom of the bushel. Aside from the delicious crabs, I was able to get some decadent top necks. All of this was steamed in his own seasoning, which is also delicious. Can't wait till next season.
Phil's is my "go to" spot for crabs.  Phil has passed away but his son and daughter-in-law carry on in his name.  Best crabs in the city and available year round.  If they don't have crabs, there has to be at least a few inches of snow on the ground and bad weather has affected the crab population.  If you are looking for live crabs, this is the place to go.
Yes! Phil has the best live crabs around especially year round! And he is so helpful as far as cooking tips and whatever other questions you need answered. He sells off to the side a bag of crab spice and i recommend it highly! i even put this as a spice in my crab gravy!
I had a craving for blue crabs for the last couple of weeks and my go to spot had not had any good looking ones.  I didn't really want to travel all the way to south philly but I called first and then took a chance to drive after work, after I skipped out a little early.

Bought 2 dozen of the #1's (male) and they were pretty big ($25 p/dozen).  I was not used to paying more than $18 for a dozen of crabs but my craving got the best of me.  I already had the pot boiling for these crabs so all I had to do was cook them nice and bright.

These crabs were so meaty and fresh and delicious that before I realized, I had eaten a dozen for myself in one sitting.  I was so happy that I had gotten my money's worth for the drive to Phil's.

I will definitely come again, but you may ask, why not 5 stars?  The hours do not work for me because I usually work late.  I get off at 6 pm.  Good thing my supervisor was understanding when I asked to leave early.  

I will be back from now on!!!
I love Phil's. We go multiple times throughout the summer to get live crabs. They're really fresh and the price is pretty decent also. Some years I even skip getting them in OC MD to get them here instead. Every time we have gone before Phil will hand pick each crab to make sure they're all alive and have all their claws. So Phil's has me spoiled and my expectations are now high. 

This time we went they were really busy. It was Father's Day weekend and we got there pretty early but there was still a line. I reserved my crabs ahead of time. They were very nice to let me get a dozen and a half of crabs. Because I was afraid a dozen wouldn't be enough, but 2 dozen would be too much. 

Phil did not sort through them this time, he was busy with someone else. Another worker got my crabs from the back of the truck and sorted through them and placed them in a crate. 

I got the Large/ x large crabs for $39 a dozen. The crabs sizes looked kind of mixed and not consistent. I did get a good amount of crabs that looked large/XL, but there were a bunch  that looked medium and a couple that looked small. Also I had about 4-5 crabs that were missing a front claw. I was looking all over at the bottom of the cooler and the bottom of the bag for them because that never happened before. I don't think the other guy in the truck checks the crabs as good as Phil does. 

I've gotten the #1 crabs before for cheaper at about $25 a dozen, and I think they looked just as big or bigger than the ones I got this time. I know Father's Day was a busy weekend and they probably have limited amounts of large crabs, so I guess they can't afford to waste any crabs even if they're missing some claws. Next time I might just stick to the #1s or try to avoid coming on a busy weekend. But I still love Phil's and will be back.
So, I'm not really a fan of crabs...   Hmm...  That doesn't sound right...  I'll eat them, but I'm not a fanatic like some people.  For my wife's birthday, we decided to finally try to get to Phil's Live Crabs.  We easily found his truck, but there was no one there.  The crabs were parked in another truck behind it.  We were shown the crabs and we went with two dozen #1s from Delaware.  My wife knows crabs...  Hmm...  That doesn't sound right...  Well, she knew these were good blue crabs.  Each crabs was picked one by one and put into a bag for us.  This showed us that they were all alive and in good shape.  He even threw one of them away because there was something wrong with it.  We weren't sure if we should get a dozen or two dozen, so he did give us a bit of a deal to get more.  

My father-in-law was impressed and so was my wife with the quality.  It's a drive, but I just don't know why I'd go anywhere else.  The price is the best I've ever seen.  If I liked crabs more, this place would be really dangerous to me.
Picked up half a bushel very meaty and tasty #1s.  Not many places to get live crab in philly...tried them all, this place is the best.  No need to drive to MD/DE anymore.
The crabs were a little pricy but so worth it!!! Drove to South Philly from the Far Northeast, even though there is crab place 5 minutes from me. I can call Phil, he will hold a bushel for me until I get there. Worth sitting in 95 traffic!!
Over the summer we decided to have an outdoor crab party with friends and got a bushel of #1 crabs. I didn't think they checked through each crab for the bushels like they do when you buy a dozen because it would take too long. But I was happily surprised they did. They hand picked each crab and placed it in the bucket to make sure each was alive and tossed away ones they didn't move much or had missing legs. They even fully loaded the bushel up to the point it was overflowing and u didn't think the lid was going to fit over it, but they got it on. 

All of our friends enjoyed it and we had plenty of crabs for everyone, and even had some leftover for the next day. All of the crabs stayed alive I believe, a few were missing some legs but they probably pulled them off of each other. Most tasted fresh, got a couple mushy ones but that could have been from sitting in the ice not sure. 

Can't wait to come back, might get a dozen for Father's Day.
Crabs need to be purchased from either a truck, or a shack. Phil's Live Crabs is a truck parked along Oregon Ave. Can't miss the sign. Crabs are reasonably priced. I have been there before and they have run out of crabs, so get there early!
I've been trying to find a place to get live crabs. I found Phil's a year or 2 ago but never got the chance to come. We always say we are gonna come here but summer goes too fast and we live about 30 minutes away and there's traffic. However for my birthday my husband and I were both off work and he offered to drive down to get them for me. 

We park next to the Phil's truck but the truck that has the crabs  was in the middle of the street. You almost get killed trying to cross the street, but the crabs are worth it, haha. Phil was very friendly and hand picked every crab to make sure they all were alive before giving them to us. We were deciding between 1 or 2 dozen and he gave us a deal on 2, so of course we took it. The crabs all tasted great and very fresh. Their prices are reasonable as well. I even had fun playing with some of them before we cooked them. I almost felt bad eating them. I would love to come back again before the end of summer. Hopefully they get jumbos in.
First, there is no one named Phil here. This is not a racist statement, merely a factual observation. 

What Americans expect from a fish market versus what Southeast Asians expect are simply different due to cultural factors that no one of us can or should change. But keep it in mind if you visit Phil's. 

There is generally fresh seafood sold here. There is also, in the words of another patron, "giant spiders or something that you call soft shell crab." 

I wouldn't buy prepared food at a place like this and I can't understand why one would. But, hey, do you. Inspect your fresh seafood carefully and you will find some great deals here. Or buy prepared food of dubious origin and freshness and perhaps eat giant spider. Or decent soft shell crab - it's hard to say. Kinda left an impression though.
