This was a total joke. Called for a price for a cord and kindling put into my backyard of my CC home of 40 years which I get every year.  Right from my back door into my yard.  No parking issue at all
I get 5 texts!!
My address, a picture of my home, back yard, HOW MANY STEPS from the street.  Then the next day...can we drop just the kindling off tomorrow and schedule the wood for another day!   Then another text that "Phil is still figuring out a number and will get back to you soon"!!!
Their pricing on their web site is a joke.  Called my regular wood delivery guys and the next day got everything delivered for $250 stacked. Folks, you can buy firewood anywhere without this drama and total nonsense.
I'm very happy that Phil is delivering firewood again in 2012-13.  He responded within a few minutes of a text and delivered 3 ikea bags full of wood plus 1 bag of kindling for $70 that evening.  He even carried them into the back yard and gave me some wood storage tips.  Definitely my go-to guy for firewood for my backyard firepit.
Fireplaces are awesome - nothing toasts the holiday spirit in cold months like a warm hearth in the house!  They're even better if you conveniently have a wooded lot nearby ... but it's not as easy in the city: while I can collect fallen kindling, I can't exactly take a saw to the trees in our beloved parks!

Quality:
Phil has some nice, solid, hard wood!  Firewood, that is!  Nicely seasoned, good size, and burns nicely!

Pricing: https://philsfirewood.wordpress.com/pricing/
"Each bag holds 2.5 cubic feet, ~3-4 store bundles measuring 0.75 cubic feet each."

Let's do the math!
3-4 store bundles: $21-$27 or $28-36 ($6.99-$8.99/bundle at Acme-Whole Foods).

* 2 bags: $50 ($25.00/bag)
* 3 bags: $70 ($23.33/bag)
* 4 bags+: $20/bag (sweet spot, baby!)
* 5 bags+: $20/bag with free kindling (if paying cash)
* Specialty firewood: $30/bag

Delivery and Service:
Note: check website for 2 bag and 6 bag minimum delivery zip codes!

We initially scheduled a 11:30A-12:30P delivery. Phil was running a shade late - but was very easy to get ahold of via phone/text and expertly managed a same day reschedule for a time that worked for us.

Phil delivered and stacked the firewood where we wanted it stored (see picture) - which involved a smaller walkway behind the house. Sure, it's slightly pricier compared to:
* Remote wooded areas (varies: 1/4 cord (32cu ft))
* Fairmount Park Recycling Center (free, but chainsaw it yourself)
* http://www.phila.gov/ParksandRecreation/environment/Pages/RecyclingCenter.aspx

However, having the convenience and confidence of a professional deliver and stack quality wood - saving yourself a trek through the sticks, a car cleaning, countless hellish splinters (been there, done that), and potential self-inflicted injury (don't even want to think about it) - is well worth it!
Wow....
Now that is what I call "Genuine" customer service.
I found Phils firewood on yelp I called and got his voice mail that gave the option to text him, "other business owners take note, it's 2013 and so many consumers find it much easier to text while multi tasking"
Phil delivered on the weekend at a time that suited me & I even had to change the time & he had no problems at all with that.....
Phil arrived within moments of his scheduled delivery time, carried the firewood up a huge flight of steps and out into my yard and then even took a good 15 minutes to give me tips on how to build a great fire in my new fire pit....

The only down side is he is cash only I'd say his buisness would be perfect if he took cards (maybe a Square up card reader on your iphone Phil?)
Other than the service was brilliant and Phil is a nice guy, I'll be recommending Phils Firewood to everyone...
My experience with Phil's firewood was great. Phil is a really nice guy and you can tell that he's goes the extra mile to ensure customer satisfaction.
I sought Phil's service when I was looking for firewood in the Philadelphia area.  I have never sought firewood on craigslist or from any friends, but I am familiar with the size of firewood bunches at grocery stores. For $50 (Price as of 10/9/11), Phil will bring 2 IKEA blue bags full of well cured firewood to your front door; he'll even carry it to your fireplace. I would estimate the 2 Ikea bags to be equivalent to about 5 or 6 grocery store bundles. His wood is definitely better quality.
The firewood pieces are pretty large, but manageable in an average fireplace.

Pros:
-Friendly service
-Quality wood
-Home Delivery

Cons:
-There were a few bugs in my bags of wood (nothing serious)
-Price seemed a little high (but not terrible considering his fuel costs)

Overall, I had a great experience with Phil and will definitely do business again when I need more wood!!
Ran out of firewood for my fire pit, googled "firewood Philadelphia" and found Phil's. Called in an order at 3:00 and had 10 large bags of firewood by 4:30. (Approx. 1/3 cord.) Price was very good, especially considering Phil carried all the wood into my yard and stacked it up for me. Well worth the price and a tip. Thanks Phil!   (I'll try to post a pic.)
This is my second year with Phil. He and the team are great. Agree that the wood price and burn length is better than what I get at the ACME grocery nearby. Brings it to your door -- it works. Can't ask for much else! Always a pleasure.
100% electronic interaction, No voice calls necessary. Contact-free delivery to our city stoop as requested. I was raised on Jiffy-type artifical logs, the pressed wood kind where you light the paper. My wife straightened me out, and for years we bought the hardware/grocery store bag of wood. Phil's firewood is completely different. We bought the kiln dried wood so we could store it indoor's with confidence (no bugs or mold). it is beautiful, dry and lights quickly. This year we have had our warmest coziest fires ever.
Texted Phil, he texted back right away and scheduled a delivery that night! He also texted 10 mins before arriving, and dropped off the wood to where I needed. Great service, and good quality firewood. Will definitely be calling Phil up in the future.
Made it through a (very!) long, cold 2018 winter with a warm fire in the fireplace thanks to Phil's Firewood. Excellent product (perfect cuts, seasoned, dry, etc), and exceptional service.  Phil is great about letting you know exactly (to the minute) when he'll be delivering the order, and he makes sure the logs are stacked correctly -- and are dry! Can't say enough good things about how terrific his company is, and how lucky we are to have this service in Center City. I'll be back in Sept with another order, Phil!
Phil, is a real person dedicated to providing firewood to city locals in a competent, timely and reliable manner. Goodbye, to all those guys from the burbs that used to rip me off and charge extra for firewood delivery is there was a hint of snow of the ground. Phil provided us with excellent service and great wood. He arrived on time and there was virtually no drama. More importantly, some of the wood arrived wet (hey, it happens). Yet, when I called Phil, he returned that evening to replace the wood with no extra charge. We made 2 orders with Phil this past winter and look forward to using his service next winter. Great guy! Great service! Great firewood!
Where have you been all my life...or at least since I came back to Philadelphia?
First time user last night. Phil delivered the day I called at the time he said with a text giving me a 5 min heads up. Stacked the wood in two different places I asked, took credit card on site and was gone before I blinked.
I have cut my own firewood, picked it up from several different tree companies, bought desperately small sacks from HD, Lowes, etc...don't do it. This is the service. Thanks Phil.
I placed my first order with Phil earlier in the week.  I wish I did it sooner.  My entire order was done over text message.  I was given a 2 hour delivery window about 4 days out from when I placed the order.  Matt, the delivery guy texted about 30 minutes before he showed up to my apartment.  I was expecting two Ikea bags of logs.  When he showed up he had two blue Ikea bags that were overstuffed with logs.  The bags were packed solid and above the top of the bag.  Each bag easily weighed about 50 lbs with some of the best seasoned oak firewood I've seen.  Easy, convenient, and friendly service.
Smart business. Faster than amazon prime plus it's real wood. Super convenient via text. He even offered to carry right to my door but I didn't want him to get a parking ticket. The bags are a tad heavy but if you have an elevator building it is no prob to carry yourself. Definitely on my speed dial.
