How do I not have a review for one of my (all around) favorite pizza joints in the city? Let's change that, shall we? 5 star is for all around experience. 4.5 for slice. 

I'm not sure if it's...
-the awesome memorabilia (Pizza Party, Shari Lewis & Lamb-chop, Ninja Turtles, Mystic Pizza, etc) that takes me right back to my childhood? 
-the fact that it's BYO? 
-it being so conveniently located next to an ice cream shop making for one sinful delicious stop?
- has kick ass murals and Philly legend Izaiah Zager mosaics in a cute courtyard outback. 
-or that they have really great slices and make your own options including vegan cheese too! 
But..... I FREAKING LOVE IT HERE! 

Located deep in the ever evolving Fishtown section of the city is this crazy quirky little pizza shop which is actual a pizza museum!! They hold the Guinness Book World Record for pizza memorabilia and boy is it a hoot to look over it all! 

Pizza Brain serves up a daily rotating variety of oversized slices with funky fun names. There's always an option to make your own which I what I normally do. My signature self created pie is a "Tom" aka plain topped with blackened Brussels, meaty portobello, fresh basil, Daiya vegan cheese and pine nuts. Oh. So. Good! So, so good! I top it with their house made crushed red pepper but watch out, this stuff is seriously spicy. "A little dab will do ya", as they say. 

My husband and the extended fam is obsessed with their "Forbes Wagonese" which has baby smoked pepperoni they say is outrageous. 

Pizza Brain is attached to Little Baby's Ice-cream which is so genius. You can sit over there enjoying your pizza and visa versa. My favorite place to dine is outback however. Don't miss at least a peek back there! Way cool! 

Pizza Brain in BYO and also serves Virgil's old fashion sodas too. Try one! Cream is delish! 

Fab Philly Mom say: BRING THOSE KIDS!! It's THE perfect pizza and ice-cream night out spot! My kiddos love playing with the make your own pizza video game and looking at the toys hidden in clear boxes in the floor. Sit outback and forget worrying if they're loud or spill crap which you know they're going to do! Also, bribing them with ice-cream if they finish their dinner is oh so acceptable here. 

It's cash only! Unmetered street parking!

*Damn, I wish my old photos I posted of this place were connected to my review. Such a cool spot!
I had heard a lot about this place over the years, and was very curious about their pizza museum. How they can call what they have here a museum is beyond me? It's mostly just a small collection of pictures.

The pizza itself was okay. The slices are huge which is a plus, but they're also kind of greasy and very floppy, so they're hard to eat. Also they only offer a few different slice varieties a day (around 4 were being offered when I was there), so keep in mind a lot of topping options won't be available to you. It was fine I guess, this place is more hype than anything.
I've never written one of these in my life, and I used to make fun of people who wrote scathing reviews. Until I went to Pizza Brain.

I can forgive any flavor bust, I get it. What I cannot forgive is bad service. Not because I feel any bit entitled, but because I have been behind the counter too. After waiting for 20 min, I asked in the sweetest way if they forgot my order because my patient friend had been waiting and her slice got cold (it also dropped on the ground after a rude female employee barged past with a tray, knocking into her). In response to my question, the cook guy jolted up and *yelled* back at me in an alarming tone, "Um, Everyone is waiting that long!" sounding as if he has to hold out the b-word at the end.  I was only confused about the 20 min lag between my order and my friend's. The cook made me feel so uncomfortable that I wanted to leave without my pizza, but I waited the full twenty five, maybe thirty minutes for my over-seasoned, over-priced slice. 

And for the record,  I do not care how alternative your shop is, there is such a thing as *inappropriately dressed*. I was offended at how unprofessional this cook was with his oddly cut khaki booty shorts and almost transparent sweaty graphic tee- the amount of exposed body hair and tattoos was just not what I want to see with my food.
I also thought not wearing gloves was violation of health code? Because no, I would not like to see you prepare my pizza behind the counter, wincing as I watch your bare hands and arms and imagine all of the bacteria/pathogens/arm hairs that might go into my slice as you take 25 minutes to prepare it.

What is worst is that the few horrible employees overshadow the one or two really nice, personable ones. I would gladly come back if they tweaked the staff but I'll stay far away from now on!
The owner has responded to my yelp review SEVEN (update, 10) times.  He is insane.  I will never dine here again, not even for the mediocre pizza.
Synopses of my 1st review: Good pies, yes. Bad service.

As a self described foodie who has had pizza around the world, I profess that I enjoy the "creative" palate used to design the menu.  However I cannot stop wondering if even amazing pizza is worth selling ones soul to the hipster devil...

I've come to realize that I am not alone in this 'sea of faceless reviewers' as Brian D (the owner) puts it.  Take a minute Yelp community, and read some of the ripping,  snark filled owner comments on negative, or even less than stellar reviews. 

After recently reading this article 
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/kelly-maclean/surviving-whole-foods_b_3895583.html
I have come to understand the owner's comments, and in fact appreciate them as monuments to what a narcissistic, pseudo-artistic personality can truly create. indeed, Namaste.

Perhaps this is a new kind of viral marketing campaign, and that might explain why they take such great lengths, editing their comments up to a dozen times.  This may be genius at work. Get everyone to hate you, and then your business is bound to succeed.  Kind of like a hipster Howard Stern of pizza, Brian D has perfected ironic toned hate rants against his adoring fans.

The really sad thing is that I like little babies, but refuse to go anymore due to the black hole of pizza arrogance next door.  

Perhaps my review will spark an ego driven war with Brian D, if it does, all I can say is Namaste.
Lame.  Pizza was mediocre at very best.  Employees are extremely smug, snotty, and lazy. And they run an iPad cash register but are cash only?  That literally makes no sense.

The ice cream part however is fantastic and runs the same register but takes cards.  

Will most likely not return.  At least not for pizza.
I have been excited about Pizza Brain for MONTHS!!! And alarmingly, the experience and the quality of the pizza FAR exceeded my expectations. 

Brian gave us two slices to try before we even ordered to keep the slices in rotation. He made awesome recommendations and was super friendly. We tried the Jane pizza, which had a delicious selection of flavorful cheeses, fresh basil and tangy tomato sauce. The crust was AMAZING??  BEST CRUST EVER?? Charred and crispy and had a fermenty dough-y taste. 

We also tried the seasonal pie with sweet potato, honey goat cheese, and pumpkin pie spice. I was afraid it would be too sweet but it was delicious and savory and complex and had pools of butter or something on top??? I have no idea. But it was alarmingly delicious. we sat on the floor and crammed pizza slices into our mouths like gluttons. 

Also the pizzas were very hot, and the wait didn't even seem excruciating because we could eat ice cream appetizers and look at pizza trinkets while our pizza was cooking. 

I was initially more excited about the quirky museum part than the pizza restaurant part of Pizza Brain... But now I can say the actual pizza is WAY worth the trip.
I resurrected my yelp account from the ashes to write this review. The last time I wrote a review was in October 2012. I hate to write this, bc I only used Yelp for positive reviews, but Im just getting fed up. 

We've lived in Fishtown for 8 years. We have been loyal customers of Pizza Brain since it opened its doors. We loved it and rarely got pizza anywhere else in the neighborhood. We always told people to go to Pizza Brain and were proud to take out-of-towners there. 

Not anymore. Things have really gone down hill. When the pizza is made right, it's still very good. But there have been too many times when it's been made poorly. 

Tonight they sold us very burnt slices (pictured). The place was not busy, so thats not the cause. It feels like there is no quality control there anymore, which is disheartening.  

A few weeks ago, they sold us a pie that was so messed up it was the shape of a D. They gave us a slice to compensate (didnt really make up for it, since the pie was about 5 times more expensive). Im sorry, but that D-shaped pizza should never have been sold. Same with the burnt slices tonight. Which they didnt notice or mention. 

Do the owners still care about this business? If so, they should do more to be consistent. Consistency was not a problem like this in the past. 

Heres this scene from the movie Chef: 

"Should we serve that sandwich?"
https://youtu.be/9a7cX7fJ4Yo

I hope you watch it.
The "Owner Comment" left on my review is the most pompous and stupid response that I've ever seen on yelp.  I gave you a good review, I just didn't agree it was "Best of Philly."  Why would you spend so much time writing that response?  Get over yourself.
Okay, it's a good, standard "N.Y. Style pizza" but..........then there's the attitude, which you wouldn't expect from the millennials running this place. Just try asking for some pepper flakes to go for your carry-out pizza and see what happens. You'd think you were asking for a kidney!  Tell me what pizza place WON'T give you pepper flakes and/or some grated cheese to go with your take out order? We even offered to BUY some pepper flakes to go. They said NO! Instead they said we could "put it on in the restaurant" but that doesn't work when several people are sharing a pizza and not all of them want pepper. 
              So, based on that really stupid policy of being too cheap to give you a tiny container of pepper flakes with your order, we're never going back. There are too many other, better and friendlier pizza places in this city. Try Vetri or Nomad. (Their pizza's are also much better and there's no moronic attitude there.)
I do not care that this is a hipster hangout, because I was looking for a great pizza - and hey, it's next to an ice cream place...what could be better? Well, a lot of things.

I got the "Jane" - it's a red pizza with mozzarella, aged provolone, grana padano, and  fresh basil. The crust was decent, the service was good and fast, but the sauce was really salty and I think maybe there were 4 leaves of basil on the entire pie. 

Then again, I am comparing it to the pizza gods of Tacconellis where you have to reserve your dough in advance. That place is just phenomenal but was closed the day I went to try pizza brain...and I likely won't be trying a new place again. 

No need. I explored, and I haven't found pizza yet that can beat Tacconellis. I will, however, come back for the ice cream next door.
In a city where the predominant foods are hoagies, pizza and cheese steaks, it takes some stones to open another pizza joint. I read all the articles and feel like it was all hype. Did the menu have some interesting selections for pizza combos? Yes. Was the crust good? Sure. Just had a hard time getting excited about it all. 

It also didn't help that the staff take such a laissez faire attitude that they didn't bring silverwear (yes, I like to eat my pizza with a fork and knife). They also didn't bring me glasses for the BYOB wine I brought, (my date had to go search for plastic cups), and I practically had to beg for a wine opener. Once I got it, I was afraid I would break it because it was so cheap. 

If you go, bring your own wineglasses and your favorite corkscrew. Bring your own silverwear if you need that too. After all that, I questioned why I was paying $20 for a pie.

Oh, and the infamous museum to all things pizza? I passed by it without realizing that I missed the museum. Next time, I think I'll just stay at home, order pizza from any number of their competition and watch some vintage Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles from the comfort of my couch. I'd get a much better experience.
i went into pizza brain very excited! I came out extremely slighted, and angry! I was offered a free sample and it was a mediocre sliver of a slice with blue cheese and brisket which is a SACRILEGIOUS combination, and it tasted like burnt turds. Then as I was leaving I was ordered to "make sure and leave a tip" for my FREE slice of pizza!!!!!!!!! Not only was I appalled at the audacity of the owner to make this remark, but she stood in front of the door way to make it awkward for me to leave until I gave her husband a dollaR! THEY NEED TO WORK ON THEIR DINING ETIQUETTE  AND THEIR PIZZA SKILLS BECAUSE THIS PLACE IS UNPREPARED FOR PUBLIC INTERACTION!!!!!!!!!!
I don't often give a review for a place unless I've loved it or I've had an agonizing experience. 

I have ordered from Pizza Brain in the past and their pizza is rather delicious. However, I will never order from Pizza Brain again due to a horrendous experience I had last Friday. 

I placed an order for a pizza around 4pm with a 45 minute timeframe for delivery, and I don't live too far away from Pizza Brain to begin with. Around 5:30 I give a call inquiring about my pizza, and am told that the delivery guy is out doing his rounds. I call again around 6pm to figure out that they never put my pizza delivery through the system. I am already frustrated at this point, but I really would like a pizza so ask them to put it back through the system. Around 7pm I call again wondering where the hell my pizza is, 3 hours after my original order. It seems they took down my number wrong, so my pizza again is not delivered on time. I never get pissed off but after three hours waiting for a single pizza, i'm fuming, but don't take it out on the employee. He informs me to email his manager about the situation so it can be rectified via complimentary pizza next time I order. Never received an email back. Never ordering from here again.
I'm completely baffled by so many positive reviews. I think people forgot to rate the pizza, and instead rated how cool they felt by going to PB. Simply put, this isn't good pizza. This is coming from someone who counts pizza as a primary food group - and has tried most places in Center City, a good chunk in South, all the ones in East Kenso/Fishtown/PR, Manayunk, Roxborough, etc.

This pizza...isn't good. 

The service is nice, albeit unhelpful. How a restaurant can be out of so many things in the middle of the day is beyond me..like cups. How are you really out of cups? How does it take 25 minutes for a pizza to go in the oven and come out of the oven? Why is the crust as thick as a slice of Ellio's?

 Their tomato sauce is watery (might want to try that tomato paste, fellas), their crust is as thick as a regular slice folded over, and the cheese is ok. The fresh basil on the Jane WAS top notch. This pizza makes Lorenzo's look gourmet, Lazaro's high end, and is on par with Ellio's. 

Pizza aside, I'm stunned by the amount of tank tops I saw on people who were making my food. I have no idea how that isn't an L+I violation, but I sure as hell don't want armpit hair in my food.

If you're in Fishtown, you're better off going to Aramingo's Best, or just going south and finding something - anything - better. Guarantee it'll have less armpit hair. 

Oh, and vegans - just go to Blackbird. Cheaper, better, easier.
One star for over priced pizza. In no way is this pizza worth double the price.  I will pay more to support locally owned business but not at this level.
Dear Philly,

I'm so sorry. If this pizza gets four stars in your fine city, then something is terribly wrong. You deserve better.

Dear Pizza Brain,

WTF. You are less than three hours from over a dozen pizzerias that will provide a plethora of good, very good, and amazing examples. You could so easily see the possibility of crust that actually TASTES LIKE SOMETHING. You could profit from the revelation that crust can be cooked through, browned, charred, and that it can rise. You could be enlightened by discovering that such a crust doesn't have to be drowned in cheese. And that cheese can be something besides oil and salt--and that it can be more than a delivery system for crust-destroying grease. 

And you'll find that others, in neighborhoods with higher rent, and with the added expenses of Italian wood-burning ovens, can make pizzas for less money than what you're charging.

Please, learn. Grow. Serve your good people.

P.S.
The staff was friendly.
Waited 50 minutes for a well below average pizza.... Just sayin'
Stupid. Expensive. Only offer plain and pepperoni as "normal" slices. No garlic salt, oregano, red pepper, or parmesan. Went here once and will never go here again. DUMB  DUMB DUMB
I know everyone thinks that Pizza Brain is just another spot for hipsters to be ironic and whatnot, but it's actually a great place for a few reasons.  For starters, the Pizza Museum is kind of cool.  It's not huge, but it's pretty awesome to see Noid dolls and other little relics behind the glass.  Second, it's attached to Little Baby's Ice Cream, so it's the perfect spot for a dinner-and-dessert date.  And last but not least, the pizza is great.  The crust has a wonderful crunchy/crispy thinness to it and their red sauce is delightful.  If I had to find any flaws with our meal, I will say that it was on the expensive side ($26 for a pie and two soda, before tip).  I can't see myself coming up here all the time because I would probably go bankrupt, but it was definitely a nice treat!
It's always nice if there's a pizza place that has vegan options and is a reasonable distance from your home. That concludes anything positive I have to say about Pizza Brain.

There's a reason why there's quite a few reviews on here mentioning their awful service. I've been to PB twice and both times the employees graced me with awful attitudes and arrogant demeanor.

These guys work at a painfully slow pace so don't expect any sense of urgency. God forbid you have any questions because they won't even look you in the eye when they answer. I've been in the server industry for years and it's really not that difficult to not treat your customers like shit. I shouldn't be getting an eye roll if I wasn't aware of where your bus tubs were.

As I mentioned above.. We commended them on having vegan options which is a huge plus for my girlfriend. Happy girlfriend=happy me. But it always seems like they're out of certain toppings when in reality we found out from a friend that they just no longer carry them. Why lie? After sitting for a bit and being hesitant to even ask for a box... The only girl working (who was strangely nice compared to her co-workers) offered us one. We were thrilled until my girlfriend opened it to see that we were given a USED box with cheese still stuck inside.

I understand that this girl wasn't aware that my gf is vegan. She's not psychic. I can let that slide. But why the hell are they handing out dirty boxes?

This place completely relies on their quirky "pizza museum" atmosphere. The pizza is mediocre. Nothing worth the positive rep they have. It's a Philadelphia cliche run by asshole hipsters that don't give a shit about what they do. Won't be returning and I highly recommend everyone get pizza elsewhere.
I love pizza and weird pop culture things, and this place not only has both, but it has weird pop culture things CENTERED AROUND pizza. This is why Philly is great. 

My friend and I shared a "Buffy Ernst" (buffalo chicken pie); it was great, but next time I'll have to try a good ol' regular slice for comparison. 

Definitely chick this place out if you're ever in Fishtown.
Worst pizza I've ever had in the city. Ordered The Jane. My tongue is still tingling from whatever spices they use on their pizza. My teeth still hurt from the crunchy bottom. Or maybe it was lousy because they messed up my order and threw the pizza back in the oven to warm it up? Whatever it is, we're not giving it a second chance.
Do I care if its a hipster joint? NO
Did I come for Good Pizza? Yes
Did I get a good quality pizza? Yes
Was it expensive? Yes
Was it worth it? Yes
Was my pizza fresh, flavorful and good portions? Yes
Would I go back? Yes (I already did)
Is it the best pizza in Philly? Not sure
Is it in the Top 5 pizza in Philly? Absolutely
Is it the greatest pizza museum ever? Not sure
Do they get points for being original & having a museum? Yes
Do I like little baby's Ice cream? No, I like pizza
I have no idea why people wax poetic over this pizza joint!  I went with a friend yesterday, we each had a slice, and both of us were unimpressed. She had the Jane, which looked fine (nice fresh basil leaves on top), I had a special with brussel sprouts and bacon (looked more like prosciutto). Crust was fine. Sauce was kind of tasteless. Both of our slices needed salt (and there was none on the table). Honestly, I'm glad I tried it out, but won't be going back anytime soon. There has *got* to be better pizza in Philly!
Congrats on a marketing success.  

It's actually really impressive how the owner's have been able to convince people(like me) to pay 24 bucks for a pie within a neighborhood and city where you could find a menu on the pavement and get a pie that would warrant 4 stars.  

I dug the vibe and the white pie was better than the red; however, when you're going to go out of your way for a pizza, you have to go to tacconelli's.

Kudo's and much success, but I was let down big time.  The place was cool and the people were pretty cool, but that's the only reason for the additional star.  

PS - Ice cream was dope at Baby....
Has completely gone downhill in the past year. Service and food has gone from fantastic to awful. It's a shame, this was one of the best pizza places I had ever been to. 
I miss seeing Brian around the shop. He cheered the place up, greeted the regulars by their names and was the best employee ever. When he worked there you felt like you were part of something.
This place looks like an automatic 5-star review. The hype, the atmosphere, the energy of the employees make this the kind of place you hope you will love but root for regardless. 

The pizza was just whatever for me. Definitely better then the average generic pizza store, but to justify the high prices you got to be deliver a bit more than that. The toppings are fresh and inventive but there are so few put on each slice. I'd prefer to just have a sandwich version of each slice, hoping it would balance out the ratios. The crust was so good, but again, just not enough toppings. 

Also, because the crust is so thin, the oilier slices fall apart when you pick them up. 

Let the hype machine bring you in for a visit, but don't let it bias your experience. 

Please up the toppings and work on making the slices a bit hardier, Pizza Brain. I want to like you more than 3-stars!
This place has gone downhill, particularly in its service. My friend and I walked in here a few weeks ago, only to be greeted by an unpleasantly snarky cashier. Instead of the usual, "Hi, how are you today?" he starts firing off inappropriate questions at us: "Are you guys best friends? Do you hate each other? Do you love each other?" Very weird. Not what I need when I'm hungry.

When we sit down, the same guy slams the pizza stand on our table with a loud clang, and throws the paper plates and napkins in a messy pile. The pizza was decent, but this experience gave me a bad taste in my mouth.

From my experience there are some things about which Pizza Brain is consistent and inconsistent. Inconsistent: sometimes the pizza is great, sometimes it has a strange rubbery texture and is below mediocre. Consistent: the service always has a chip on its shoulder and is in some way rude.

I won't be going here again. I think the fame of this place has gone to the head of its staff. Pizzeria Beddia is where it's at for pizza in Fishtown. Pizza is always excellent and so is the service.
"Ah, a lovely cheese pizza just for me" -- Kevin McCallister, Home Alone.

Pizza Brian made a reference to one of my all-time fave Holiday movies!  It simply does not get any better than that.  

But. It. Does.

This place was hands-down THE BEST FIND in our trip to Philly.  In spite of all the cheesesteaks we had -- we went to four different places, including Ishkabibble's (for locals in-the-know) -- and the incredible discovery of Federal Donuts as well, still, nothing will top my warm recollection of Pizza Brain, the nation's first pizza museum!  

Literally, a day or so right before our departure to Philly, I saw a "weekend getaway guide" in the NYC Metro paper highlighting some Philly standouts, and included within the rundown of cool places to visit, was the Pizza Brain.  Our history with Pizza is a very special one, the bf and I absolutely love pizza and we even go to Paulie Gee's in Brooklyn on our anniversaries, because we just adore it THAT much, not to mention we're surrounded by amazing pizza because we're lucky enough to live in New York, the North American hub of all amazing pizzas.  It is really just a happy food for all, where lots of great memories are built around eating and sharing this joy-inducing food.  So to discover a supposed "Museum of Pizza" delighted me to delirium.  We absolutely had to make time to visit this place.

What you get when you visit, is an assault on all your senses, but in the most pleasurable way possible.  The visual aesthetics are ABSURDLY FUN.  There's truly a nostalgic feel to this place with a running motif of (mainly) 90's shows, cartoons, and pretty much anything at all, pizza-related.  You will experience wall-to-floor pizza memorabilia in quirky displays while enjoying a slice of their delicious food.  What's cool is that there are some interactive displays to fiddle around with as well (a wall-mounted ipad), and once you've gotten your fill, you can head out to their backyard, and check out the insanely large and colorful pizza mural, drawn by local Philly artist, Hawk Krall (http://philly.eater.com/archives/2012/10/08/the-eyepopping-hawk-krall-mural-at-pizza-brain.php).  

We chatted up some guys as we were in awe of this cool pizza Mecca, and told them that we were visiting from New York, initially we didn't know these guys (Michael and Brian), were the owners of this place.  They came across so nice and approachable, and we thought the world of them.  Michael even gave us a free pass to check out the mural in the backyard, though it was not yet 100% complete.  In about six months, he said, it would get the greenlight for folks to be able to go out there and enjoy that space.

We learned a number of interesting things about the Pizza Brain after talking to both men, and it dawned on us how much they love pizza, and just how much they wanted to bring that into fruition in the form of this pizzeria / museum.  This was a true, group effort amongst the four owners (the other two guys are also super cool); a clear and pure labor of love.  

It was impressive  knowing how much research they did in New York, having gone to Paulie Gee's (who has become a huge fan of their place), to Roberta's, to Grimaldi's, to... you name it, they've eaten their way through a ton of experimental R&D which is apparent in the development of their own, signature pizza recipes and style.  In the design department, another unique aspect that I loved was their use of re-purposed materials (old piano used as the counter door).  Such a smart place like this deserves all the accolades it gets (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pizza_Brain#Pizzeria.2FPress).  

Put it on your agenda to visit the Pizza Brain, you'll not only get delicious pizzas (here's their menu:  http://www.pizzabrain.org/PizzaBrain-10PieMenu.pdf), but you'll get a nostalgic kick in the butt.  In the words of my favorite teenage mutant ninja turtle, Michelangelo, the Pizza Brain is BODACIOUS!
overwhelmingly MEH. I always want to support small businesses in the neighborhood and i really want to like Pizza Brain but every time i go here i leave feeling grumpy. The staff may be passionate about pizza, chatting with their friends or selecting the best ironic background music but apathetic about our order. Every time there is some mix-up and get a barrage of questions, insinuating it was my fault. The pizza is just OK. I like their interesting topping combos but would think a place that celebrates all things pizza could appreciate a simple slice of cheese or pepperoni once in a while. 

On the flip side, the staff and ice cream at the accompanying Little Baby's are great!
This will make you hate gentrification. I know, a loud claim. Give me a second here though. 

Service is bad. Staff is more concerned with informing you of how cool they are than preparing your order. 

Seems like they're using high quality ingredients, right down to the red pepper flakes at the tables. Strong stuff. But, pizza is really, inappropriately overpriced. And also pretty uncustomizable. I saw they had personal tomato pies, which is a win for me. I then went to ask for pepperoni on it and they flat out told me no. Lol apparently, the personal tomato pie can't get toppings because it's made for vegans. Hahah ok

I ended up getting a slice of the forbes, I think that's what they call their pepperoni. Bottom was burnt and pepperoni is nickle to quarter sized. My $8 slice had 3.
Let me preface this review with saying I hate this. I think negative yelp reviews are mostly pretentious and douche-y. Many times unfair to the company or it's employees. But this experience I had is so frustrating so sorry. Not sorry. 

Walked in with a group of 6 people knowing we would have to wait on a Saturday night for a table. We came prepared with six packs. Each couple ordered a pizza back to back and hung out while we waited for our food and a table to open up. Over an hour later, the first pizza came out. 10 minutes later the second pizza and 10 minutes after that, the third. The last 2 did have more toppings and meat so I chalk that up to longer cooking time (I guess?). 

We started eating between 9:30-10. An employee asked if she could start clearing at 10:15. We were mostly finished, but still had a beer each to finish. We told her no problem. Someone in our group went to get three small boxes for leftovers. She said there was only 2. Another employee chimed in and said there were more downstairs. She rolled her eyes as she was eating her dinner and reluctantly went to get another box (three couples, all going to three different homes, sorry we don't all live on a commune). My friend came back to the table with the boxes and we started to pack up and finish our drinks. The same employee comes back and abruptly/passive aggressively says she needs to start clearing and that it was a half hour after closing. We couldn't believe that after paying $75+ for three pizzas (which I'm not complaining about the cost, I left full and it was tasty), we were being kicked out in such a hostile fashion. We didn't get the pizzas until an hour after we got there. Started eating right away. Took 15 minutes to pack up and drink the rest of our beers. 

I've worked in the food industry in philly and D.C.  I get it. You want to go home. Maybe you had a shitty shift. But you don't treat paying customers like absolute dog shit. There's a subtle way and a finesse to get a customer to leave (like maybe beginning to clear and start a conversation with us or bringing the pizza boxes to the table instead of us having to hunt them down). But ultimately, I know the reason I'm getting paid as a server/host/chef whatever is because that customer decided to walk in and pay for the food. 

Needless to say, this experience sucked the fun vibe right out of our night. We won't be back.
Worst pizza ever. Ordered a pepperoni pizza got a pizza with no cheese and no pepperoni. When I called to ask they said they were out of pepperoni and sorry couldn't do anything about it.
As you can probably gather from the 5 stars above, I really enjoyed my experience at Pizza Brain.  I thought the pie was incredibly flavorful and the staff was extremely friendly and helpful at explaining their menu options to us.  However, the aforementioned properties of Pizza Brain are not exactly what propelled it to 5 stars in my mind.  Its adherence to a Serious Eats article about pizza crust types was what did it for me.

Recently, while searching the google machine for "pizza dough" I came across an article that explicitly described a New York slice.  It talked about the 3 different flavor/texture levels that one experiences with a slice of that style.  Bottom - crispy, middle - soft, chewy, top - doughy, full of great sauce.  Finally, when folded, it should crackle and give gently but never break.  "..it should cantilever out straight under its own support."  The slices in the Joe pie at Pizza Brain did this and it made me extremely happy.  In fact, I would say it made my experience memorable.

A word of warning to the budget conscious, it's not an inexpensive pizza.  I wasn't bothered by the price because I felt that I really got a great pie.

In summary, I love Pizza Brain because of science.
I completely understand what Pizza Brain is aiming to achieve. Fun, funky pizza joint that has pizza related memorabilia throughout the restaurant - thus dubbing themselves as a 'pizza museum'.

I think the thing that bothers me the most is how many people wet their pants over this place. I suppose PB marketing is successful in that regard... It's good pizza, but there's good pizza all over Philly - and most - a lot cheaper and faster. Cost around $20-25 a pie and it always takes close to an hour to get a pizza. I've been a handful of times, but I don't think I'll return - would rather pay half the price and have it ready in a quarter of the time with the place down the street.

I appreciate how the owner Brian (at least used to) responds to negative reviews on Yelp, you can tell the guy cares. However my rating is based on the food, cost and experience.
I'm a Pizza Fiend. I love it. I live for it. When I heard about this Pizza Museum, I immediately bookmarked it and waited patiently for my opportunity. Gotta say: it was not really worth all the build-up in my head, and maybe that's my own fault.

I was SO hype on trying this place. It's a very small little store front with enough seating for maybe 10 people. There were only two men working, and they were pleasant enough though maybe not the most hospitable. They had that Fishtown Hipster "I'm too cool and I work at a pizza shop" air about them. Their pies average about $23, and their slices are $4, with different slices available depending on when you pop in. They have some craft glass-bottled sodas for purchase and free spigot for your H2O needs. 

I ordered two slices: the Jane and the Buffy Ernst. This was my first mistake. The slices are MASSIVE. I didn't have a clue just how big these pieces of pizza were. The Jane is their take on a classic cheese with fresh basil leaves, and the Buffy Ernest is a buffalo chicken pizza topped with blue cheese, chicken, onions and a homemade buffalo sauce. The pizza is a super thin crunchy crust (It actually cut the corners of my mouth!). It was very hot when it was served - I burned my tongue because I was too impatient. 

Taste was good, but not mind-blowing. I guess I was just super excited about the museum part and assumed the pizza would change my life. The Buffy was super greasy but had a good amount of spice. It was interesting, but I don't think I'd order it again. The Jane was just cheese slice. I did like the fresh basil leaves, but there was hardly any sauce, and it was just an average, though very large, cheese. Not stretchy or melty. Just "meh."

The best part of this shop is the pizza memorabilia. Lots of nostalgic pizza-themed toys, menus, movies, and posters. It was cool to see and read the "exhibits." There's no shortage of interesting things to see.  However, if you take away all the nick-knacks and toys, it's just your average pizza shop - except I prefer my hometown slice over this any day.
I had very low expectations for such a hyped, belated, hipstery place, and was very, very pleasantly surprised. These crusts are P-E-R-F-E-C-T. The instant cure to my Rustica sadness.

Quality cheeses and an abundance of arugula. Prices reflect that, but they seem to have equalized for plainer variants. Ever-changing special toppings are amusing and intriguing, but it would be nice if they were less often strewn with macerated animal carcass. Ya know, so I would want to eat them.

The day Pizza Brain starts delivering will mark the first day of my descent into fatness. I might have to move when that happens.
I love their "Tom" vegan pizza and it generally ALWAYS wins if we're willing to go the distance, because of Little Baby's next door. Pizza and ice cream is for winners.

The place is pretty small, so make sure you only have a small group if you plan to eat in (and you'll likely end up sitting at LB next door), or pick up. The pies are hunormous, so take some home; however, they do offer a "small" of the vegan pie, big enough for two, a blessing for vegans going with a non-vegan group. I've been with some non-vegans, and they like the Wendy (if you think the names are hard to say, I hear the staff saying just the first name, so don't stress it).

I probably love Pizza Brain as well because of their unequivocal weirdness -- when we ordered delivery once, it took 8+ minutes because the person on the phone had to read my friend his horoscope. Another time, we got a pizza to go and got an "art box" with some anthropomorphic naked deer people on it. They can get very busy and a little stressed, but that probably hopefully means they're doing very well. Keep at it, Brainiacs!
The pizza was really just okay. I guess I expected to have my taste buds blown because of all the hype, but it didn't happen. I much prefer Nomad's pizza or Stella's. I probably wouldn't make the trek back to Fishtown for this pizza again. The decor is pretty unique, and it's nice to have a Little Baby's ice cream shop right there, but otherwise...meh.
Much like Stephen Starr and Tommy Up (PYT) before him, Brian Dwyer was  a music and events promoter first who had a HUGE vision for his first food venture and used his background to make it possible. Of course unlike them his was a one of kind Guinness Book certified pizza related memorabilia museum that just happens to make a couple of killer slices! But much like Starr and Up, because of his background Dwyer manages to deliver his vision with a bit of flash and gimmicks that don't always manage to put the food forward.

That isn't to call the pizza bad; especially with slices like the Jane whose cheese trifecta of mozzarella, aged provolone, and grana padano blended with the freshest bits of basil absolutely blew me away. But meanwhile I found that the trifecta of mozzarella, fontina, and goat cheese in the Queenie DeLouche was a gamble that didn't pay off as the mozz ended up canceling out the ratio of the other 2 and even combining with the garlic to overpower the rosemary and medley of mushrooms. The number of pies that they have to offer (especially since they rotate with the seasons) does make for a worthy gamble when you go with a big enough group to order at least one half and half pie. But I was somewhat dismayed by how few single slice options they offered (5 out of the 15 available in pie form). But extra things like them drying their own red pepper flakes, and even making an extra spicy ghost pepper version does win me over.

While the pizza may or may not always lead to the big payoff, its the wacky ambiance, novelty of the pizza memorabilia museum, and unique awesomeness of the murals and mosaics in the back that make Pizza Brain beyond worth the visit. from comic book covers and movies posters, to collectible toys (TMNT!) and videos, and retro pizza menus and restaurant collectibles; the collection of memorabilia is definitely beyond impressive to look at. Isiah Zagar (http://www.yelp.com/biz/philadelphias-magic-gardens-philadelphia) personally did the mosaics out back. And the giant mural is a widespread homage to Philly legends of all kinds of different walks that features the likes of Benjamin Franklin, the Broad Street Bullies, Mikey Wild, Man Man, the Phillie Phanatic, William Penn, Pattern is Movement, Joe Boruchow Street Art, and then some! So definitely visit, grab a slice or 2 of Jane; check out the amazing art, and grab a cone of Little Baby's on the way out. Because Pizza Brain is a better than decent Philly culture fix that manages to deep dish some worthwhile food.
The a pizza is Ok, I'd say it is overrated, but the service is really the downfall here,me hen u call and order a pie and the guy says ok so quickly and is about to hang up and u say....woo woo wait a minute I need 3 pies and he then says grrrrr what u want, I mean seriously, am I bothering u? Ordering pizza from a pizza place, I mean that's how it seems, it's like places 
Ike this and the rest of the new joints r just open to be open , I don't think they care about costumer service whatsoever, unless of course u have a beard r wearing tight pants and haven't bathed n a month. Oh and u must be riding a bike .
The service was pretty bad. The pizza was average. What I really do not get is the owner responding to so many reviews. Seems sad when someone cannot accept feedback. No need to bully.
Randomly, walked into this pizza spot that looks like a blast from the past! Think I was more stoked about the nostalgia they had plastered everywhere than the pizza -- nonetheless the pie was yummy!

Ordered a personal sized pizza named, "Alana Johnson" that had mozzarella, pineapple, scallion, prosciutto, scallion, aged provolone, and Grana Padano. The pizza tasted unique and I really liked the flavor! The personal sized pizza is a good amount of food. I only ate a few slices and have a lot left over.

Definitely coming back to try some of their other pizzas. The staff were also nice too!
It's a Hipster joint. Which is weird because it's in Port Richmond...

If you don't know about Hipsters food spots just know that they are nice looking and have weird items all over the place. 
It's all fun to look at but prices are high. 
But that's ok with most hipsters because their parents seemingly pay for everything. 

Can't hate that!

The cooks are cool hipsters and they have pizzas you can't order anywhere else. 
The redhead serving girl is a hot babe. 

But I just didn't like the meal. I don't like crunchy pizza. Some people do. If you like biting into what is basically toast with sauce and cheese then hey you will love it. 

It's Handtossed classically cooked pizza in a brick oven. 
We ordered a pizza with Spinach. 
I'm thinking it's gonna be cooked into the cheese. 
No. They put it on after the pizza was done. 
Cold nasty spinach. I loved cooked spinach. 
Tasted like I was eating flowers. 

Lastly the prices are stereotypical Hipster joint. $25 for a pizza???
Come on. I can get blown for $25. 

This woulda got one star(obviously I'm not going back) but they played the Gorillaz latest album. They have an iPad. 
It's cool as shit. 
And there's a ice cream shop right next door with an Epic bathroom. 

Overall I'd say it's ok.
I can't give it a one star because it's really clean and these people are trying hard.
Amazing pizza !
And I'm from nyc!

 The Decour is perfect, with all the pizza memorabilia from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles to the Slimer!  The back patio is beautiful fun and bright  -  and you'll notice the inside countertop and wall to the counter is actually made out of piano pieces it's such a cool place to go and sit because there's a million things to look at -  did I mention the holes in the floor with the Plexiglas over it so you could see more memorabilia totally cool!

The menu changes from time to time with different specialty pizzas - Great idea 

 The thinner crust was cooked to perfection -  and they let me choose two pizzas and do half-and-half on one pie 

 Another bonus it shares space with its neighboring ice cream shop which is also amazing 

 Now the only problem I can see is that it's not in York city because that's where I live 

 It's a must go
On Saturday decided to eat my way up Frankford  Avenue. Stopped at Fette Sau for some excellent BBQ and here for a slice of Pizza. The service here was very friendly, explaining what was on each pizza. The slices were HUGE for $3.00. I ordered the one with caramelized onions it was thin and crisp with excellent flavor. I also tasted the plain with tomato basil and cheese also very flavorful with a slightly sweet sauce. Also loved all the pizza related memorabilia on the walls.
Sooooo hip. Pizza is really good. Staff is sooooooo cool, they are too cool for manners that's for sure. They could have gotten a 5 star rating from me if they were just a little more customer oriented.
So I will preface this by saying I'm sure (hoping) my experience tonight was atypical. Nevertheless, I grabbed a slice of the Jane, which was heated up and given to me in about 5min. Decent turnaround and the pizza was ok. 

I'll cut to the chase: ordered another cheese slice (Jane) later on and it took 55min. People who ordered 15min after I did got their food 15+ min before I did (I showed them where the line was while waiting). This slice tasted better for multiple obvious reasons.

My friend who ordered right before me got his slices a few min after I did. When he went up they admitted they gave his pizza to other people. 

Mistakes happen but I don't appreciate being misled and repeatedly told it's about to come out but ultimately waiting almost an hour for presumably the most common pizza they have. The non-veg slices looked interesting and probably worth it for those looking for something unique.
2 stars for the pizza but the service was HORRIBLE! Not one employee displayed any kind of welcoming customer service. Even when I had trash to throw out and I asked where is the trash to dispose of the waste... I was told they didn't have any where to put the plates and pizza box they gave me... Oh... Okay... Thanks...

I will never return! But you will see me at the wonderful ice cream shop next door! 5Stars for Them!
FIrst impressions last.  Ordered from the online menu and when we picked up, the pizza price had risen from $17 to $22!?  FIrst downer.

The first pizza we ordered they no longer make. 2nd downer.  Update the website, please!!  

I have to say, they use fresh ingredients with the crust being the outstanding player. I will say they know how to cook the dough!  As for the rest on top, bleh.  Tomatoes too acidic for my liking.  I ate my husbands crusts and I found myself loving the pizza but not the same delight when eating all ingredients together. It actually tastes better, cold.That's a first.

I defintiely understand the cheeses, as living with my husband who immigrated directly from the Milan area of Northern Italy.  Cheese is a ritual. I've learned and have tasted much about authentic Italian fare since we got married 10 years ago.

Do they make good pizza? Yes. Does it justify $22? No. Nothing that above stellar. Btw...it was a Forbes Waggensense Pizza.

 I dig the culture/concept but I can't see a return visit within the near future.Ok, you had to adjust the menu but maybe if the owners had worked out the business plan a little further things would have been different.

We prefer Rusitca down 2nd street.
Went for a slice. Slices were advertised. Was told they don't want to do slices, they prefer full pies. That is fine, but the attitude behind it was hilarious. I felt like I was in a hipster pizza shop spoof film. The 2 stars are for the girl behind the register that was living the hipster pizza spoof. Absolutely great. And no, I won't be back.  Thanks for the attitude.
I can't say enough how wonderful Pizza Brain is. I've been meaning to write this review for awhile. Pizza Brain has an amazing unique selection and their pizza cannot be topped. From their basic cheese slice to specialty pies, everything is delicious and very obviously made with a high amount of care for both taste and customer experience. Not to mention - I called recently to order a delivery pie for my boyfriends birthday. Had asked if they could write his age out on the pizza in pepperoni, since we were celebrating with pizza in lieu of cake. Pizza Brain gladly accepted the challenge and showed up with a perfectly marked pepperoni pizza AND their delivery driver brought along the shop megaphone and SANG HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BOYFRIEND upon pizza delivery. It's the exceptionally delicious quality and heart/personality of this unique pizza museum shop that will keep us coming back again and again. Thanks Pizza Brain for ruling, big time.
The pizza itself was decent but the poor standard for customer service overshadowed it for me. This may be their protocol or it may have been that of the guy working the counter but multiple customers were called out for leaving their pizza trays on the table when leaving. Even the diviest pizza shops, that aren't charging you $24 for a pizza pie, bus and clean your tables. I've worked in the restaurant industry for many years, and yes it can be annoying to clean up after others but that's an unfortunate side to what you signed up for. Also, when I go out, I'm more than happy to clean up after myself as a courtesy - but to see others be called out for not bussing made me want to do it less. 

When getting ready to leave, my boyfriend asked for a box for the rest of our slices and the counter guy says "how about a bag?" To which my bf replied "I'd prefer a box" and the counter guy walks away without saying anything and grabs one. To me, and this is based off of my one experience here (and could totally be skewed by poor experiences with the counter guy) the place has an air of an independent coffee shop with the arrogant barista that thinks he's above all.
I usually love Pizza Brain, but I just had to write a review. 

Never get delivery from this place. It took them an hour and 45 mins to deliver ONE CHEESE PIZZA. the pizza was cold and the delivery driver didn't even apologize for taking so long. It blows my mind that it took that long for such a simple things. Never ordering delivery from here again.
Pizza Brain is by far my favorite spot to take my daughters. So when it was Saturday night and my wife and I happen to get there 5 mins before closing, were still able to get a few slices and they let us eat in, we were excited. However it was during that eating time that we felt disrespected. My wife and I understand that after a certain time the music being played at certain establishments are less than desirable and we accept that. What I can't accept is the employee who decides to emphasize the lyric to the song playing that went "shake that ass girl make that c@$chie wet". I thought I'd play it nice and just remind him there was still a lady in the room but unfortunately being a decent human being only occurs during normal business hours since he reminded me that he's just singing a song and they're technically closed. At that point we just threw away whatever food we had left and exited. I guess their gesture of allowing us to eat inside shortly after ten meant having to deal with their "locker room talk" which most decent human beings would not do when customers are in the room. Of course I was angered but my wife reminded me that he's not worth me arguing or even getting into a fight with him. I left and took the higher road but will never return with my wife nor my children.
Too hyped IMO . Apparently everyone loves it I've had better ( nomad comes to mind).

It was pretty busy Friday night when i stopped in with becca S for some slices to go. After ordering we waited for the slices to be reheated . They only offer a few varieties of the slice options on any given day so hopefully something available peaks your interest. 

I was a fan of the generous toppings , pretty clean tables and water station set up for self service.

I was not a fan of the hipster service taking shots should not take precedence over serving customers, the sauce had a weird after taste and they are cash only ( super old school and annoying ) you are charging 20+ doll hairs for pies cushion that into your merchant services expenses. 


I wouldn't rush back as there is another pizza place if Ftown that's on my radar I'll just have to wait an eternity to get my hands on one .
My fiancee and stopped by Pizza Brain last night for the first time! We had driven past many times but never had the chance to try it out. I'm a pizza snob so it takes a lot to impress me. They accomplished it! The pizza was outstanding! The ingredients were super fresh and dough cooked to perfection. 

I was also overly impressed with the friendly staff. The owner greeted us at the front door and told us about the menu. I loved the guy...he was so cool and nice! Whenever someone came in, he was so happy to see them. 

Even the employees behind the counter were super friendly. The pizza was so delish we came back a few hours later for another slice. As I write this, I'm craving it.

Also having Little Baby's Ice Cream next door tops the charts!

We will certainly be repeat customers!
Years back, a pizza loving friend from Michigan asked if I had ever been to Pizza Brain, and it's been on my radar ever since. Now as a Fairmount resident, I sometimes feel that it would be easier to get from Fairmount to Michigan than it would to get from Fairmount to Fishtown; after two failed attempts to eat at Pizza Brain in the past few years, Friday night was finally my time to shine. 

There were 13 different pies available at the time of my visit, with two of those pies available as slices. Now that doesn't sound too daunting of a choice, but trust me, it was. I was almost giddy when they said we could get half pies. My foursome was able to pick four varieties of pizza in the form of two pies, plus we got the two slice options. They asked us if we'd like the slices split into pieces. Absolutely! Great idea. We were able to sample almost half the menu while still ordering a reasonable amount of pizza for four. 

The pizza itself was solid. I felt it was somewhere between a traditional pizza shop and gourmet. The toppings were gourmet for sure, but the crust was thicker and doughier than some of thin crust gourmets in the area. I think that combo of crust and toppings is what makes Pizza Brain stand out. Well that and the inventive, smarty-pants names. We had the Wendy Wedgeworth (red pie, mozzarella, sun-dried tomato, arugula, honey goat cheese), Kira Tierston (red pie, mozzarella, smoked bacon, hint of brown sugar, red onion, oven-roasted brussels sprout), Henrietta Blanch (red pie, mozzarella, aged provolone, grana padano, banana pepper, basil, roasted red pepper, fiorella's sausage) and Queenie Delouche (white pie, fontina, goat cheese, mozzarella, shiitake, portabella, garlic, rosemary) split into two pies. We had slices of the Leonard Bookman (white pie, mozzarella, fontina, ricotta, black pepper, garlic, fresh oregano and Jane (red pie, mozzarella, aged provolone, grana padano, fresh basil).

It's a BYOB and there's room to sit next door in Little Baby's. That's the perfect transition into dessert and reason to grab a box for leftovers. Between the four of us, we still left a total of 6 leftover slices. Mine reheated nicely the next day. 

My only slight was the quality of the plastic-ware. The forks and knives were so flimsy that they really couldn't cut through the crust. I'd personally rather cut my pizza, so I definitely struggled a bit. The napkins were a little thin too, resulting in us using a lot of them. 

I'm so glad I finally got to try the elusive Pizza Brain. I can't promise I'll visit them too often, but with their newest pizza project (name still TBD) coming to Brewerytown, I will get to my fix.
Went to Pizza Brain last night for dinner. Ordered the Charlie Mayfer I believe it was called. The toppings were mozzarella, sweet potato, honey crisp apple, honey goat cheese, brown sugar, and pie spice. Pizza was made fresh and took a reasonable 15-20 minutes. Easily one of the best pizzas I've ever had. The dough is delicious and the perfect combo of thin slice and thick crust. One pizza was perfect for four of us; two good sized slices each. Plus there were at nine other pizzas to choose from, red or white. 

The ambiance is super fun. Music always queued up, pizza art everywhere, awesome lighting, an awesome mural in the back, and a hallway into Little Baby's next door for some ice-cream and extra seating. There's also some benches inside Pizza Brain to sit and eat and hang out, and some seats outside as well. The staff is enthusiastic about their pizzas and ready to serve. Something about this place made me feel real lucky to live in Philly. 

I love this place. I wish it were in my neighborhood. Can't wait to go back!
Pizza is a pop culture phenomenon in our country. Recently you may have seen pizza, as an icon referenced in odd places. On trendy clothing or in a ironic band name. Even tattooed on some edgy hipster, brimming with young adult enthusiasm.  This may be because when many people think of pizza, they experience associations such as childhood parties, Ninja Turtles, and other nostalgia. Pizza Brain seems to be infused with the spirit of these things, if not also capitalizing on them. There is pizza memorabilia all over the walls and the floors. In fact, I believe they refer to themselves as a "Pizza Museum". Throngs of young, hip and  hungry patrons, decked in their retro grunge revival gear fill this place on any given night. The whole scene is an homage to the countless chuckie cheese pizza party memories represented in the young, hip and eager faces. For this great amount of enthusiasm given by the patrons and the employees, I give them a star.

For all of the aforementioned, it is unfortunate that their pizza sucks as rotten, smelly, rat balls as it does. The crust is bad. Even when it isn't burnt (which it frequently is) it is bad. It may be that it is too hard. I can't really describe it. I'd have to go back with pure objectivity to say for sure. Their sauce has way too much going on. It reminds me of when I'd cook as a kid and load a bunch of Mrs Dash into everything thinking, "if a little Mrs Dash makes my scrambled eggs yummy, then naturally half the bottle of Mrs Dash will make these scrambles out of this world!". It took me some time to realize that hallowed concept of "less is more". I think the people over at Pizza Brain have yet to realize this as well. It is even more unfortunate given their avant-garde  recipes and the assortment of great ingredients that they use as their toppings. For these aspirations I give them a second star.
 
I do wish all the luck to the plucky crew over at Pizza Brain. I hope they perfect their crust and their sauce. Less is more sometimes.
One of the best pizzas I've ever had. I love the pizza memorabilia, the staff and the overall vibe. 

To me the true measure of a pizza shop is their plain cheese pizza.

The "Jane" pizza at Pizza Brain is one of the best plain cheese pizzas I've ever had. The sauce is a perfect balance of acid, salt and sweet. The cheeses they use perfectly compliment the sauce. The crust is thin, crispy, but with a little chew.   

In addition, they have 10+ other excellently curated rotating pies to choose from, a craft soda selection, and great music. 

All these things make Pizza Brain both a great neighborhood spot and a required destination for pizza lovers.
the Fishtown area is really hurting for good pizza places. of course, there's Taconelli's, which everyone waxes celestial about, but i really don't have the time or inclination to call and reserve my dough in the morning on the day i want a pizza. Pizza Brain rises to the top of a pretty shallow pool, but it does the job in a pinch. 

our first time ordering from Pizza Brain was a few months ago, and we picked up and ate it at home. it was a red pizza with argula on top. i was desperately trying to recreate the excellent argula pizza experience i had all the time when i lived in New Bedford, MA. this pizza was mediocre at best. le sigh!

tonight we went back to Pizza Brain and decided to eat in. the place teeters into the hipster restaurant tendency of super twee decor, website, clever food names and holier than thou staff while the food is an almost forgotten aspect of running a restaurant. more style than substance, usually. 

we got the Forbes this time, and thankfully our previous experience was somewhat redeemed.

it has a chewy, slightly crisp on the edges crust that my partner swore had garlic in it (i couldn't taste it). the sauce is interesting, sweet and mild, and the cheese is greasy but serviceable. the Forbes comes with pepperoni, which was delightfully complex tasting and deliciously burnt on the edges, and basil, but there wasn't much to even make a flavor difference.

Pizza Brain is tiny - even with seating on the Little Baby's Ice Cream side of the restaurant, it seats maybe 25, and that's probably being generous. also, cash only. boo. get your heads out of your asses and get Square, or something like it. i know "cash only" is some sort of feeble hipster fuck you to the man, but it makes me not patronize you as often.
I'm totally into this place. The vibe is so fun with the pizza museum all around you. The pizza fits right into the atmosphere because they have crazy pizza specials with ingredients that you'd never imagine. That being said, their classic pepperoni pizza is equally as delicious. I hope there is seating in the back terrace soon because there's a sick mural out there that is all about, you guessed it... pizza!
I feel adequately equipped to review Pizza Brain, but at the same time, not entirely ready. I've been patronizing Pizza Brain every other week or so, ever since it was recommended to me by a few friends in the Fall. As a Temple student with no car, it's a quick and easy bike ride down Diamond St. to get there, no more than 10 minutes (also helps work off the pizza, heh). Even though I come often, there are clearly customers who are more regular than I, and welcomed in a much warmer way, which can be frustrating, at times.

I can certainly say that the product(s) is pretty much the best pizza I have ever had, and the variety of pies has kept me entertained with choices galore. I can certainly get behind the mission (see their "We the Pizza" chalkboard above and to the left of the ovens, when you go), and love the fact that they're the perfect example of a local business doing things right.

I've tried to argue with the pricing of the slices ($3, or $3.50 for a more special slice), but seeing as the pizza joints around Temple charge $2+ for a much, much smaller (and less tasty) slice, it's been a real challenge to complain. Plus, I know I'm supporting a great local business.

Their craft soda selection is also something which I appreciate, greatly. Ranging from the classic Jarritos to the Northeastern favorite Moxie, Pizza Brain carries the perfect compliment to your slice. I have come to love the Apple Pop, but still love to try something new from the cooler every now and again.

Seating availability can be a bit dicey if it's packed. Little Baby's next door doesn't have the same atmosphere, and people often don't realize that you're free to take your meal over there and eat, so the inside seating area (a bar-like area of 10-ish seats and three two-person tables) is easily filled if you come at a busy hour. I'm looking forward to the opening of their backyard patio area, and welcomed the addition of the portable seating area placed in the parking spot out front.

There has always bee plenty of parking for my bike every time I've come, several bike posts in front, and more going down to the corner of Dauphin St. I can't speak to car parking or public transportation access (although, I see plenty of buses running on Frankford Ave, so it must be relatively easy).

Pizzas I've Tried:
- Jane (plain)
- Wendy Wedgeworth (sun-dried tomato, honey goat cheese)
- Leonard Bookman (white)
- Lucy Waggle (white + prosciutto, dates, pine nuts, arugula)
This is the greatest "museum" I've ever been to.

And that's probably because it's less of a museum, and more of an amazing pizza joint lined with nearly every single appearance of pizza in pop culture history since the dawn of time.

From the several classic, well-know Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle toys and the more obscure but equally awesome Food Fighter toys, to the tons of VHS tapes and vinyl record sleeves, and the cool movie posters, this is one of the most fun experiences you could hope for while eating some great pizza.

This fun is multiplied even more if you grew up in the 80's, as you will get instant nostalgia from all of the aforementioned things, along with other silliness like figures and posters of the Noid and other cool pizza memorabilia. Also, don't forget to check out the backyard area where there is a really cool, huge mural of a bunch of famous Philadelphians and pizza.

Once you finish an initial pass of the fun stroll down memory lane, hit up the counter for some seriously good pizza. They have a ton of different pies to choose from, but you can only buy full pies, which around $20 each. They do have a rotating list of 3 or 4 that you can get by the slice though ($3-4 each), and I was lucky enough to try some really great ones.

We got their version of a plain slice, which is called The Jane (get it?), and it was really great. These are some large slices, with a good amount of cheese and delicious crust.

We also got the other two that were available, which both happened to be white slices: the Leonard Bookman, which consisted of a bunch of different cheeses and spinach, and the Bob Shieldsmoose, which had blue cheese and brisket. The brisket one was clearly the best, and was even good if you don't like blue cheese much.

I didn't expect that the pizza would be so great, since they could get away with serving subpar stuff with the novelty and fun of the museum itself to attract people here. I was very wrong though, as this was some really amazing pizza. This will now become a regular stop any time I am in Philly so I can try all of the great pies and soak in the fun nostalgia.
My review is for plain Jane pizza. Strong cheese smell and flavor particularly from the provolone. Nice thin and crispy crust. reminds me of Artichoke pizza in NYC which is my standard of great crust. Pizza Brain is close to it. 

It's best eaten when it's fresh. The leftover is not as good as the fresh one. 

I took a star down because according to the menu there should be fresh basil but not on my pizza that I ordered through Uber Eats.
Stopped by on a Saturday night to check it out. My entire experience was awesome.  The vibe inside is friendly and interesting.  There are so many small details about the construction and set-up of this place that make it really interesting.  Awesome music.  Happy workers.

We ordered the Charlie Mayfer (sweet potato, apple, goat cheese, brown sugar, mozarrella).  It was, hands down, one of the best pies I've ever eaten. We also tried a slice of pepperoni.  I was blown away by how good the pepperoni tasted.  They use fresh, quality ingredients and it shows.

Will absolutely be back for more.

Sidenote- I read some of the reviews that talk about this place being hipster or elitist.  I'd say it's more creative and innovative than any of those things.  It's not hard to feel welcome there.
I called in to inquire about pizza and the guy who answered the phone rudely said we have a line here you need to come in. Haven't tried the pizza but based on his customer service skills I will pass on this place. He could have said it in a more polite manner.
This is easily my latest favorite pizza in the entire city and I hope it stays that way. I've had slices of their Jane (plain) and Forbes Waggensense (pepperoni) several times plus a few others.

Each and every single time I've been in there, I've been greeted by enthusiastic and happy silly pizza people. One time I brought a group up on a walk up from Barcade that was completely underestimated. We ended up walking in right before closing and were happily greeted. They fired up the oven and were way too accommodating especially with how so many of us rolled up so late in their evening.

I crave their pizza constantly and always look forward to when I can make it up there. I'm also not a huge ice cream person but the fact that Little Baby's is next door is definitely changing that. I only wish that between the two of them they had more seating because it definitely gets crowded in there some nights. Here's to hoping for a second location.
Tried to order two slices of pizza and a soda on Memorial Day and the jackass at the register was drinking and appeared to be drunk! (Actually put an open beer in front of the register draw which spilled when she opened the draw).   To make a long story short she only put one of the two slices I ordered in.  Added hot sauce to my slice.  Didn't even put my other slice in.  Also shorted me a dollar after she started complaining about the management not having left enough change in the draw and the fact that she had to work on Memorial Day.  After all of this she became downright abusive to me as a customer and actually started screaming about the fact that I walked in with a book!  I had previously written a favorable review of this place but take it all back!  In all of the restaurants I have ever been in I have never been treated so poorly by ANY employee!  I hope they fire her ass and if not they should go out of business.  NEVER GOING BACK THERE!
My wife and I asked what they had in vegan options. They were out of Daiya cheese so they suggested a pie with sauce, veggies caramelized onions and arugula. It was quite good. Crust was a little burned but I really liked it. The fact that they were out if Daiya tells me they are not very focused on Vegans but all in good time.
Do NOT order from this place especially for a delivery!! We ordered a pizza, waited 3 hours, called several times and they kept promising that it was on its way. I understand if you can't fill an order, but at least have the decency to tell us to make other plans and that we shouldn't continue to wait for the pizza. Very bad customer service and complete lack of service!
Ever get a craving for pizza and then think, "oh, but it's so greasy and unhealthy" -- Pizza Brain's got you covered! They have delicious slices that don't need to be patted down before you take a bite. Their simple recipes pack a lot of flavor and prices are comparable to their competitors. Best of all, you won't feel like you have to eat a salad for lunch the next day because of it. They just announced that they'll be delivering. Call them and try the Jane, it's my favorite.
I'm over it. A third of the time they don't have a driver, a third of the time they've run out of ingredients (really...you're out of "meat" on an NFL playoff weekend?), the other third it works out and they get here after about an hour and a half. It's really great pizza but not worth the aggravation or time commitment. C'mon guys....get your shit together!!
Update: One of the girls working here is kind of short/rude. Asked for pizza topping- which I saw on a table a couple was already using- Oregano/crushed pepper... Whatever. Acted like she was offended I was asking if they had some behind the counter. News flash.. Your in the service industry, if you don't want to work, stay at home.
On a whim, my husband and I decided to give this place a shot. We didn't have high expectations and just wanted to experience the novelty of the "museum." As pizza lovers, we're always willing to try new pies. When we pulled up and parked in a spot RIGHT out front, we knew we were in for a good experience. How lucky is that?!

From the moment we stepped out of the car we were greeted by one the staff members (I am assuming an owner.) He was friendly and welcomed us and offered to help us order. You can tell that these guys really care about the customer AND the product. We ordered the Jane (plain pizza) and went to sit at Baby's. We did take a quick walk around the "museum" to appreciate all of the pizza nostalgia of our childhood. TMNT anyone?! The same friendly guy who greeted us also brought us our piping hot pizza. Table service next door? Nice touch!

My husband is a chef and it take a lot to impress him. I was nervous. We toasted each other and took our first bites. DELISH! With its thin crust, flavorful sauce, and mix of hot melted cheeses, this pizza was one of the most fresh and delicious we've ever tasted. The fresh basil on each piece was simply a bonus and added an element of flavor not usually found on a "plain" pizza. Simply stated, the Jane is far from plain. 

We finished the entire pie ourselves which left no room for ice cream. Definitely next time! We're already talking about which pie(s) to try next and can't wait to come back.
Very innovative and modern. This pizza museum delivers- literally. The walls are covered in age old pizza paraphernalia collected by the owner and the music playing is too cool for school, picked via ipads stuck to the wall. It's really just a fun place to hang out.

The pizza was great, but hot enough to burn the roof of my mouth in over eagerness. We tried a pie of the Jane with pepperoni and a slice of the white to try. Both were great. Seating is an issue, but I think one they will take care of very shortly, as they just opened.

When they announced my order was ready with a megaphone and a silly voice, I couldn't help but giggle. 

and the bottled cocacola just TASTES BETTER.
Pizza Brain, the much hyped new(ish) pizza joint and museum(!) in Fishtown, is just as quirky and hipstery as one would expect.  The owners are friendly, the clientele is mustachioed, tattooed, and comes riding in on their fixies, and the food features fresh ingredients in unique combinations.  As a well traveled pizza snob, I can't say that this is the best pizza I've ever had, but for Philly, which is admittedly not a pizza town, Pizza Brain is almost as good as it gets.

We came here on an early Sunday afternoon to change up our usual brunch routine.  As we walked in the door, I was taken back by the amount of pizza memorabilia and kitsch that lined the walls (like every square inch of the walls), but also how small the actual shop is: two tables, a couple of extended wall-mounted high-tops, and nothing else.  There are slices (a limited selection of their menu), and there are whole pies divided into two categories: red sauce and white sauce.  The cashier, who couldn't have been more helpful and friendly to us first-timers, helped us navigate the menu and convinced us to get a pie with two flavors: the Felix Huppert (with gruyere, mozzarella, carmelized onions, and thyme), and the Lucy Waggle (mozzarella, grana padano, pine nuts, thyme, arugula, sweet dates, and prosciutto).  $20 for the pie, and $6 for two locally made and bottled cream sodas (obviously all local).  And 15 minutes later, we began eating.

I tried the Felix Huppert first.  It's description, like eating French Onion Soup, is totally accurate, although the pizza version is a tad sweeter.  Definitely thick on the cheese and strong on the carmelized onion flavor, the pizza was incredibly savory and fit the description well.  The gruyere definitely added that extra dimension of flavor that cheese pizza sometimes lacks.  However, the Lucy Waggle was definitely my favorite of the two flavors.  Arugula on pizza is something that should be done more often, plus the combination of the tarter lettuce with the salty proscuitto, sweet dates, and sharpness of the padano made for an interesting flavor combination.  The toppings are also spread evenly, which makes for consistent flavor enjoyment throughout the slice.  Perhaps two things I could see making the pizza better: make it taste less sweet (either by reducing the intensity or amount of carmelized onions and sweet dates), and making the crust more crisp.

Pizza Brain is so hipster, it doesn't take credit cards (but provides an ATM), and it doesn't provide any additional traditional pizza condiments (as they proudly display on their chalkboard menu, they are BYOPF, or bring your own pepper flakes for the acronym challenged).  Considering their prices and their growing following, I don't think its unreasonable to ask the guys at Pizza Brain to provide some crushed red pepper (or garlic powder, oregano, or grated cheese) for the pizza.  One might argue that the flavor profiles are good enough to stand on their own without additional condiments, but I personally think one can never overdo it with crushed red pepper.  However, they are BYO, so while you can't buy beer, you're more than welcome to waltz in with a lager (or Yards or whatever) to wash down your Forbes Waggensesne.

Overall: pretty good pizza in an unreal setting that has a few small kinks.  Still way better than the average Philly pie, still worth it for the experience, and still intent on making my way back to try the red sauce menu.
Pizza is good, but buyer beware. If they tell you to wait 30-35 min for your take out order, don't expect the pizza for a solid hour.
Overall great place.  The atmosphere is fun and the staff is very friendly, nice, and pizza excited.  The pizza is a breath of fresh air compaired to the surrounding corner pizza stores where everything is the same.

Vegan Erin: Get the vegan pizza! (They use Daiya cheese) Its amazing and I could probably trick (maybe) your nonvegan friends.  ALSO, pizza is perfect paired with a vegan pint of mint cookie ice cream from Little Baby's (that just so happens to be right next door.)
Definitely one of my favorite pizza joints in Philly. Better watch out, NY! Had the Forbes and the Kira between 4 people (we planned for leftovers because cold pizza is the bomb). The crust was on the soggier side this time around but it was still a great pizza. The toppings are tasty and they don't skimp. I'll just ask for the pizza well done next time. Ciao!
Stopped in last night, got a slice of the plain "Jane".  I liked it.  I loved the crust, crunchy and thin, and I enjoyed the texture and taste of the sauce, where you could actually distinguish tomatoe pieces.  The only thing I would have changed, if at all, is I would rather the basil chopped and cooked with the sauce, or even chopped on the top of the slice, as opposed to the actual leaves.  But I'd give it a solid A.
So of course, then we went next door, where I had a really good birch beer vanilla ice cream, and miglarsh got the peanut butter maple tarragon...which sounded kinda weird but tasted really good.
Bottom line, it was an impulse buy, and we really enjoyed it.  We enjoyed sitting out front eating our ice cream on the benches, and after talking to the pizza guys we're looking forward to when they deliver.
A little pricier than average, yes.  But better quality than average, yes.
Do you measure a pizza's greatness by the number of bubbles and the quality of the crust and sauce? Because if you do, you will love Pizza Brain. We took a road-trip out to Fishtown this weekend with a couple of friends who wanted to try Little Babies Ice Cream. A co-worker had told me that if we were getting the veg-friendly ice cream, we absolutely had to try the pizza, so we turned our outing into a lunch and dessert combo. It's very easy to do this at the two combined storefronts.

First, we walked into Pizza Brain and asked for a suggestion about how many pies we should order because my husband and I are vegans and our friends are not. We ended up ordering two pies, one vegan one with cheese. My husband and I split the the veggie delight which was recommended by one of the pizza cooks. They start with their delightfully thin crust, add on just the right amount of their tasty tomato sauce, then add mushrooms, artichokes and sun-dried tomatoes. When it comes out of the oven, they pile on arugula and a delightful balsamic dressing. The meal became one of my favorite food hybrids: salad-pizza. The flavor of the pie was fabulous and the crust had a bubble at almost every slice. The pie was only marred by the fact that they burnt the heck out the crust. The bottom of our veg-friendly pie was basically black. Our friends' pie was not so over-done looking. Next time I go, I'll be sure to ask them to not to make it so well done. We will definitely be back.
Pizza brain

It's a pizza joint that chose not just to be a hipster slice optional, vegan applicable, deliciously handmade house  of dough and cheese and sauce. It's a museum. A collection of memorabilia that shows people why and how society has embraced such a simple treat. It's a Mecca of pizza that doesn't force you to sit at dirty tables and digest a pound of grease. It's the only place around that makes you want to appreciate a pie. Go now.
Being a New Yorker who relocated to Philadelphia, I have been on a quest to find some pizza that is equivalent to what I grew up on.  When I caught wind of Pizza Brain, I got excited.  Could it be that someone in Philly was making pizza that didn't have thick bland crust, crappy tomato sauce and cheap shredded cheese ?

The first time I went I was very pleased.  The slices were big, the pizza was just thin enough and the toppings were great.  To top it off they even had a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Pizza Thrower, which brought me right back to my childhood.

With how impressed I was on the first go around, I decided to order delivery from them the other night.  Placed my order and was told 1 hour.   At 1 hour and 5 minutes after I placed my order my pizza showed up.  Sweet, time to eat.  Nope.  The pizza was ice cold, not even a bit warm.  I cranked the oven up and warmed it up, started eating, then the disappointment set in.  The pizza was different then what I had at the actual shop.  Not as thin as the giant slices, the dough was tough and chewy, and the sauce was too sweet and tasted like ellios pizza.   Will i give them another shot ?  Sure, but maybe it will just be for slices.
The pizza is good but the service is terrible. I have never interacted with a more indifferent group of people than the staff at pizza brain. There was even an emotionless dispute over who wanted to answer the phone less. I witnessed another customer complaining about the service she received and the owner's response was "I don't know what to say". Terrible service.
Okay, here's my take on Pizza Brain.  It's not bad at all but it's really a neighborhood place that is best as a takeout. 

 We drove to Pizza Brain planning to eat there.  The two tables they had were being taken up by Pizza boxes piled on them which left us to sit a a counter directly facing a wall.  There are no condiments for the pizza (hot peppers, salt/pepper, grated cheese etc.)  When we asked for hot peppers we got a kinda arrogant reply  "No, we don't do that."  Wow, there's attitude at a place on Frankford Avenue on the Fishtown/Port Richmond border? The pizza itself was decent (The Queenie Delouche white pizza) ... good ingredients.  The crust however was very soft and not crisp at all.  As for the museum aspect of Pizza Brain .... well the one wall has a lot of posters/photos but that's about it. It's not much of a museum.  

If I lived in the neighborhood, I'd use this place for takeout (I could add my own hot peppers etc. at home) but as a destination spot .... nah!
One of the best slices of pizza that you can get in Philly, hands down. I lived in new york, I've been to places like Grimaldi's and Di Farra's and the like, Pizza Brain is definitely up there. Anyone who would give them less than 4 stars, well I would really question their palate, and their emotional state of being. 

I love the pizza art, it's so fun to peruse while you are waiting for your pizza. Plus Little Baby's ice cream next door, it really can't get any better. 

Regarding the complaints the hipsters: COME ON! do you not realize you are in Kensington!!!! Don't judge a place for its location.
This place is amazing.  I went to Philadelphia for a show and whenever I'm in a new place I check out atlasobscura.com.  Tells you about interesting landmarks and stuff. This Pizza Museum popped up and I had to check it out.  Such a cool place.  The people working there were so nice too.  Pizza was great.  Giant slices.  I'm definitely going back next time I'm in the area.
I too am a bit biased towards Pizza Brain because I know Brian and the guys well, BUT, its a top, top, top notch Philly pizza parlor/museum/insane asylum!  The pizza is thin crust and amazing and the decor is awesome.

My wife and I stopped by for a slice and had the Granny Divjack and the Forbes Waggenese.  The Forbes was great but the Divjack had apple, carmelized onion and blue cheese; amazing.  Keep up the good work guys.  We'll be back!
We went to Little Baby's recently for ice cream and while we were getting our ice cream we could not help but notice the heavenly pizza smell wafting over from next door. So on the Friday eve of Labor Day weekend we headed over to Pizza Brain.

We were pretty excited based on the previously mentioned aroma and the hype on Yelp. Unfortunately it was a bit of a disappointment. The biggest problem was it took over 40 minutes, not exaggerating, from when we ordered to when our pie arrived. That is a LONG time. We were not the only ones with a long wait either and a bit upset with the time it was taking to make a pizza. I have to write that the staff was very friendly and apologetic throughout this ordeal even with one member of our dinner parties eyes burning holes through his chest. She was hungry and not happy.

We ordered the Lucy Waggle which had mozzarella, grana padano, pine nut, fresh thyme, sweet date, crisped prosciutto, arugula. This pie did not come cheap at $22.00. It was a pretty decent size pizza and everything tasted fresh and not greasy. That being told, it did not blow any of us away or make us want to come back the next day. It was an OK pizza, just OK and not great or fantastic. 

Pizza Brain is in a cool old building on Frankford Ave. The inside is very hip and funky with trendy decorations without going over the top. It is very artsy in almost a Grounds For Sculpture sort of way if that makes any sense. They have cut outs in the floor, pizza album covers, pizza DVD's and even a little pizza museum.

We are not going to run back to Pizza Brain any time soon. If you are going on a weekend, I would suggest calling ahead for your order so when you get there you don't experience the long wait and murder preventative precautions we had to deal with our hunger factor.

Obviously, go next door to Little Baby's. Bring hard currency to for Pizza Brain. Little Baby's takes credit cards.

2.5 Yelp stars.
i know i'm the minority here but i thought they were just ok...not bad...just not great. maybe it was talked up too much for me? 

this was my first time here. first thing i noticed...hipsters...ugh! second, the space is incredibly small. i guess most folks get their pizzas to-go? 

my friend and i found an empty table so decided to sit down. our other two friends arrived a little later and we decided to order a couple slices and one whole to share. they only have three options for slices. i ordered two different ones. i got one first which was warm and cold in certain spots. whatever, i was hungry so i just ate it. the whole pizza came out and i reminded the guy that i had another coming...and he said, "oh you do? wait, what did you order again?" sigh...

he accidently brought me the wrong one and so basically i got one slice gratis. our table was full and the girl brings my two slices on a large server...um...what would you like me to do with that chick? instead of her trying to find a spot for us or offer to put it on a plate, she just stood there. the guy finally walked over and asked if i would just like them in a box. sure why not.

as we were finishing our pizza (which again i thought was just ok) some old hag with her monster spawn children wanted to make sure we knew that we "stole" her table and that she hopes we enjoyed ourselves. well miss snarky bitch lady...yah we did. we had a pretty ok time. she apparently disliked the table and chairs they had to sit right across from HER original one. also, my friends and i had NO idea that the table was taken because there was nothing on there to tell us that someone was saving it. otherwise, we would've sat at the table across from us...where she and her children sat (clearly too entitled and privileged to have originally sat in).

anyways, the service was ok. the guy was nice. i just don't know that i'd choose to dine there again.
This isn't New York style pizza, folks. It's not super oily. It's excellent wood-fired crust, with real quality ingredients on top. 
The sauce has lots of spices and is complex and sweet. I don't know about the white pizza becuz I've never been able to resist their red sauce. 
The arugula is fresh and beautiful on top of a hot cheesy pie and it's such a good contrast. That jawn with the brussel sprouts and a little bit of bacon is mind blowing. 
They use a lot of organic or local ingredients, happy meats, etc. and they believe in using a small amount of a quality ingredient rather than a lot of crap. You're not getting a stuffed-crust double meat lovers pizza with extra cheese here. Just put your expectations  for what pizza "should" be aside and taste this amazing food. 
And yeah, they're hipsters, and that is uncomfortable for people with inferiority complexes, but no one is judging you. Seriously. Most staff are ultra friendly. Also, a lot of the owners are part of circle of hope, which does excellent anti poverty work in Kensington. I know it sounds like im one of their crew, but I'm not. I just appreciate what they do and their pizza is friggin delicious.
I don't know what the bad review people on here were expecting. It's true, this place is not doing wood fired neapolitan or whatever is hip at the moment. Maybe they are from philly and are expecting philly pizza. What I got last night was a prime example of a NJ style pizza (the best kind obviously) and I could not have been happier. 

Walking in to the place I was hit in the face with that oven smell. I guess it's burning flour or something, but it brought me back to my childhood on the boardwalks of NJ. These days the boards are not the same. I guess its from cheaping out on ingredients or maybe they just don't care anymore. The smell is not the same though. The taste is not the same.

But here, it is the same in all its greasy, cheesy, crispy, smoky glory. Yeah, there was a wait but I was watching and the oven was never less than full. The staff seemed nice enough to me, especially considering how hard they were working. It's a pizza joint not fine dining and thats the way I like it.
So, surprisingly, the pizza is the worst thing at this restaurant. The museum part is really cool, the people are nice, the menu is great and really alluring. There is an ice cream shop next door. The pizza is just too thick for my tastes and I'm not a big fan of the crust. Whatever, it's not the greatest slice but it's totally fine, especially considering this is not NYC.
This is one of the neatest little places. As we walked in, we were greeted by three friendly workers who all seemed very happy and very down to earth. I'd never been there before, so our cashier guided us through their selection for the day, making me feel very comfortable and confident with my choice. 
We ordered a few different slices, one was just a plain pizza with basil, a white pizza with spinach, and a dessert pizza with sweet potatoes. I wish I remembered what they were called because they were all delicious. The slices were really big, and they all had very unique flavors with a perfect amount of toppings. It is a little pricier than your typical pizza shop, but I do believe it was totally worth it. Besides the amazing pizza, the atmosphere is also really something else. The place has the largest amount of pizza memorabilia in the country, and you're probably thinking wow, how tacky! But really, it makes for a really hipster/ comfortable setting. The ice cream place attached next to it wasn't so bad, either :) Pizza Brain is definitely a memorable place and I can't wait to come back.
If you are into gourmet pizza places, pizza brain in my opinion is definitely one of the best I have had. They have several great combinations available and you can always customize and make your own. We went with a classic pizza with caramelized onions and roasted red peppers. The pizza was delicious. It was crispy and the sauce was perfect. We ordered take out this time around but will definitely be returning to eat in because the place itself is pretty funky and cool.  

It was so good that I had a slice for breakfast the following day. (I need help)
Honestly I used to love this place.  I was there since day one.  Opening day and every year after for their anniversary.  I referred all my friends and even people I didn't know claiming this was the best pizza I've ever had.  I travel about 45minutes just to eat here. I'm a huge pizza lover, so I'd like to think I know my pizzas.  They used fresh ingredients, even catered to your health style.  They made special pies too.  The owner worked long, hard hours to get his business going and he made it.  But ever since he stopped going in every day and hired other people to work for him, I feel they've lost what was important to him.  His vision in a different kind of pizza.  Unlike all the rest.  He actually put his time and care into making something enjoyable for everyone.  Now their pizza is nothing but burnt crisp.  I try to give them chance after chance, I'm on my15th chance with them by now.   Each time I go gets worse.  Nothing but hard burnt pizza.  It seems like they don't clean their ovens because every time my pie or slice comes out with burnt ash from whatever was left in their that day or week.  They've stopped taking care of their pizza and seem to only be popular by their name.  Please go back to your original style of the pizza I used to love and want to eat every day. I probably won't be back any time soon.
I really enjoyed this place. The pizza was good and the atmosphere was cool. I would get take out here if parking wasn't hit or miss. Super convenient that it's next to Little Baby's. What more do you need? Must note that they have Daiya for all you vegans out there. I know it's the only acceptable vegan cheese. I would definitely go back.
