Really hands-on. Children (toddlers to maybe age 8) can really have their freedom. My 2-year old daughter got to act out scenarios to the max by "shopping" at a grocery store with a full array of plastic food items and check out counters, "drive" an ambulance then play doctor at a hospital, and transport foam bricks in a construction scene. She also enjoyed calmer activities like building a foam boat to float in the water then in Alice in Wonderland's garden, she had fun painting white flowers pink then red.

Other parents were polite, sometimes overly so. In any case, I really appreciated their awareness. Parking's easy and you can buy or bring your own food (BYOF) to have in their indoor cafeteria. Of their offerings, pizza's the quickest meal to acquire and they'll heat it up for you.

The "Shoe Store" was a little run down- some shoes were missing their partners. On the weekend, this museum gets pretty busy but it has enough spaces and features to keep children well-occupied. Overall, this museum's a real treat for kids.
I remember having a membership when the PTM was a small spot on 21st in the shadow of the Franklin Institute and memberships were only $55 or so (lol). Oh how times have changed. Prices have increased at the pace of my 10 year old's height. My son is a tad too old for PTM now but I still buy Living Social deals for my god daughter and little cousin. With the deal, $9 gets admission and a carousel ride (which parents can ride for free). Anywho, yesterday I had the pleasure of babysitting the 1 and 4 year old and using the Living Social deals. My son came along and played a little but, for the most part, filled the role of awesome helper. The museum was packed yesterday probably due to the $9 deal and the threat of rain. The kids had a wonderful time, especially the 1 year old. She was on the move and loved the pint sized piano, interactive exhibits and the water exhibits, especially the baby duck pond. This is the first time we tried out the cafe. They had an above average selection of kid friendly fare (with healthy options) and we were lucky to find a table. Food was expensive (as expected). There was also additional seating, which was full as well. Unfortunately, by 3 pm we just missed the last puppet show in the theater. Overall, it was wonderful to revisit the museum and see it through both a toddler and preschooler's eyes again. I got a bit nostalgic remembering chasing my son through PTM when he was still in the single digits and the cost of admission was too.
The Please Touch Museum is amazing. We are lucky to live a convenient 15 minutes away, and, since getting a membership, go at least once (and sometimes more) a week. Every display and activity is interesting and it is big enough that you don't have the same experience every time.  My toddler loves it, and wakes up asking to go to "Touch. 

A few Tips:
1. If you can, go during the week. We have been there after nap and it is empty. The weekend can get very, very crowded, and, if you have little ones, it can feel a little scary with lots of older kids running around without looking.

2. If you do go on a weekend, the earlier the better. It's VERY clean first thing in the morning.

2. Get a membership. The basic level is $150/year, and includes parking and entrance for 4 people. It also includes discounts. If you don't have a membership, park on the street for free.

3. Check the daily calendar. It's posted in the entrance and in other areas. We've really enjoyed some surprise activities. 

4. Bring food and drink. There are lots of tables and quiet areas for snacking. There are also restrooms everywhere (major plus), including several family restrooms.
I took my four year old niece here last week and we could not have had a better time.  The quality of the museum and the people working there is top shelf.  We spent five hours and could have easily spent another five.  The thought put into each area to make it entertaining and educational and appealing and engaging and perfectly kid friendly all at once is just brilliant. 

We went on a warm Friday in May and it was really pleasant - much less crowded than the previous time when we went on a  weekend.   It felt like the first time we went was still fun but we were racing madly from one exhibit to another trying to squeeze around lots of other kids and this time we could actually take a bit of time and really play and more calmly and fully experience each wonderful area.  It was worth taking a day off from work to do it.

There are "dress up" outfits for doctors, astronauts and even an Alice in Wonderland blue dress, pinafore included.   She loved everything but spent the most time loading bricks, launching rockets, grocery shopping, running around the Alice maze and playing in the water with the boats.

There is a puppet show three times a day and it was really cute and entertaining and included audience participation that the kids (and adults!) loved.  The cafeteria had lots of kid friendly food like organic chocolate milk, pudding, fruit, ice cream, Rita's water ice, pizza, hotdogs and juice boxes.  

There is so much great detail - the light up sun, rainbow and the hanging clouds above the water area, one has a face and blows occasionally to show "wind", another cloud actually rains - there is an amazing mural that lines the ramp that one takes down into Alice's rabbit hole - I could go on and on.

The other thing that really struck me was how much every person working there seemed to sincerely like children - I like kids but I can only imagine dealing with lots of them every day, all day,  might get tiresome.  But from the man taking our tickets to the woman leading the "parade" they have in the lobby with the kids to the sweet girl who read my niece stories with such enthusiasm, even though we were the only ones who showed up for story time  - everyone we encountered was ready to chat and smile and try to do everything they could to make sure she had a wonderful adventure.  

And they were successful!
Great museum for the little ones! We had so much fun here. My friend who lives in Philadelphia has two young children and has a membership, and I can see why. I feel like if you live close by and have children, it's definitely worth it. The kids love this place. And it works for a range of ages, from my then 8-month old niece to my friend's early school-age children, everyone had a good time. I think we spent ~2.5-3 hours there, and I was ready to leave (and drink) at that point, so it's a good amount of time. 

The exhibits are interesting and interactive. It really is a "please touch" place (I brought hand sanitizer and hand sanitizer wipes). It's also really pretty and well-laid out. A few spaces may be a bit cramped, but overall, it worked. You can park on the street if you don't want to pay for parking, which is great. 

I'd love to return to see the new exhibits and see the children in my life really enjoy themselves and run around and just be children.
FIVE STARS? Have you people never been to a children's museum outside of Philly?  This has to be the worst children's museum ever! It's dirty, dark, and grimey inside.  When was the last time they brought in something new?  I know they are moving, so hopefully that will bring in some new exhibits.  But come on....$11 to play with some boxes of cereal?

The only thing that is good here is the dodo bird in the "Alice in Wonderland" area that looks like a giant penis.
Love this museum so much that we've made it a "must see" every time we visit friends in the Philly area (we're from Seattle). In this new location (never went to the old one) it's hard to imagine doing a better job on a kid's museum than they have here.

First off - it's huge, and there are so many areas to explore it's hard to imagine your kid not finding at least a few things to do.

Second - it's clean - a lot of the children's museums we go to seem to be in various states of disrepair - but for the most part when we've gone here things have been working and usable.

Third - They've got stuff to appeal to multiple age groups. We've got kids that are 5 years apart in age and both of them found things they wanted to do (of course in separate areas of the museum).

Fourth - Has a huge historic carousel attached. I don't know why, but I love those things.
So... have you ever been to a children's museum anywhere? Great, then you know what you can expect. 

The Please Touch Museum is in a space that probably once upon a time housed a real museum, and now is home to a lot of interactive exhibits and hands on activities for children. It's a good sized space with lots of themed areas (cars, trains / buses, grocery store, doctor office, outer space, Alice in Wonderland, etc). There's a lot of activities such as art work and story time as well. 

My main issue here is the same one I have with every other children's museum... half of the interactive exhibits are broken. It pretty much feels like one out of every 3 or 4 interactive exhibits just flat out don't work. I get that these things are abused by children every day, but if a family of 5 is coming and dropping close to $100 just to get in the door (admission is $19 per person, and the same price for a 2 year old as an adult), it's not unreasonable to expect things to be functional. 

Overall, I'd give it maybe a 3.5 star overall, but the combination of the relatively high cost, especially for children, and amount of broken exhibits force me to round this down to a 3. It's a good way to spend a few hours, but temper your expectations relative to the price.
I'm in LOVE! :-)  I'm sure my son did too...haha. He was very shy at first and wouldn't really walk anywhere, but once he got used to the surroundings, he was touching everything. There's so much to do here for the little ones. You can be a bus driver, a cashier, a doctor, mcdonalds worker, etc etc etc. The place is 2 floors and HUGE. They also have a carousel too! I didn't get to do everything with him bc he was so tired and started getting cranky, but I definately have to come back to experience the other things we didn't get to do.

Food..not so great. My husband ordered a sausage pizza and it tasted like bbq...???? The food is also very expensive. I bought a lil container of Jello and it costs $3! What a rip off. I could make a whole box of jello for $1. But, we expected expensive food in places like this.

Customer service - top notch. One of the ladies working there overheard that it was my son's bday, so she ran and got him a sticker that said he was the bday boy! So nice of her.
We made it to the Please Touch Museum after hearing wonderful things for years. I hadn't been since I was a child.

It's basically one giant pretend and open play house. Each area is themed including nature, storybook, Alice in Wonderland, water play, rainforest, cityscape and even a shopping market!

As one would expect at a free play place like this it can get a little crazy with kids all about. I was happy to see designated areas that were strictly policed for kids under 3.  I would recommend going during the week, and getting there early. The place was cleared out pretty much by 3ish. If you can avoid meltdowns, I would bypass everything on the first entry floor and go straight downstairs first to avoid some of the crowds.

Heads up: kids 2 and up are $17 so it's not cheap but you can get free tickets through Recyclebank. We did this and got two free tickets that way. They are also occasionally on Living Socia, Groupon and the like. Parking on less busy days is easy on the street (and free!) Leave room in your budget for the carousel - so pretty. Pack a lunch and use the convenient picnic tables in the park surrounding the building.
What a great place for all to enjoy! There's so much to see and touch! 

The building's facade is very pretty and the grounds are well taken care of - always a good sign for what's inside.

Once entering, there's a process to check in before you enter into the main veranda. In any direction there's something to explore and there's even a carousel inside, how cool! 

I like that parking after 5pm here is free and it's a bit outside of the all hustle and bustle of the city so the noise pollution is greatly reduced. 

The staff was very helpful whenever we had a question, and since so much of the museum is touch friendly, it's great for little (and big) kids alike! 

Be sure to plan ahead with time since you'll want to spend a few hours here and there's membership options too in case this becomes a place that you want to come back to (I'm sure you will!) 

Enjoy your time!!
We came on a Wednesday night for the $2 deal, to my surprise it wasn't that crowded. The first floor was OK the bottom floor was where my son had the most fun! The Alice in Wonderland maze was fun and the mini grocery store was so cute! We loved it and will definitely be back again!  

A few tips; bring snacks the prices at the snack place are crazy, also there's a coat room but it gets nuts so make sure to not put valuables in there, parking is available for free on the street.
Great idea in concept and it made my kids happy (thus giving this place three rather than two stars), but I did not find anything particularly great about this place.  Granted, it is not "overwhelming" which can be a good thing especially for small kids -- but I got the sense that this place felt dated as far as its exhibits were concerned -- that combined with the relatively expensive price of admission just did not make it a "WOW" place for me.

NOTE: I was recently given a hint that you can get free (or perhaps discounted) admission to this place if you FIRST visit the Ben Franklin Museum -- they apparently have free or discounted passes to the Please Touch Museum that can be obtained there.

It will be interesting to see / return to this place when the "new" and improved Please Touch Museum opens up (I think it is supposed to be right next door.)  The mock-up that is on the first floor of the current location seems impressive and I think will continue to bring joy to kids of many ages.
More like 4.5 stars, but since I'm a member and go with my almost 2 year old son weekly, I think I'm a little nitpicky about the few problems I have with the PTM.

First, the good though.  More like great.  The museum itself is beautiful, housed in the totally renovated Memorial Hall in West Fairmount Park.  The exhibits are amazing and manage to captivate kids' interest whether they're toddlers, kindergartners or older.  Sick of the full size SEPTA bus? Just pop downstairs to the fully stocked mini supermarket.

My nitpicks: There are a few areas that are designed for kids under 3, and many times you'll find kids wayyyyyy older than 3 in them.  I'm not sure if it's really the museum's job to police them (it's actually yours, Main Line Mom on your Blackberry), but what's supposed to be a specially designed area sometimes becomes a little rough to play in.

Also, some of the foam pieces in the flight room are already showing a little wear and tear, and are hard to build with, which is probably more frustrating for me than my son.

Oh, and the plays are awesome too.  They're performed three times daily, and come with your admission.  Don't miss the daily activity sheet that's posted throughout the museum.
The please Touch Museum used to be great but it has lost it's way. Everything is half broken and/or worn down. Staff tell you how things are broken at every turn. Just one example is the big river display is nothing more than a place for a kid to splash water with their hands. Nothing works correctly if it even works at all.

Things like the shoes store has no shoes to play with. The market is tired and worn out.

The only redeeming place is this is still a good and safe place to take your sound child.

I hope the directors out some money back into their displays.
I like this as an indoor play area, though I am not crazy about the fact that it bills itself as a "museum," presumably to get state funds.  As it contains very little of educational value (aside from some antique toy displays and the semi-educational "flight fantasy" area), to me it should be called a "play space," and should be funded only privately.  This is not to say that Please Touch shies away from private funding, of course.  In fact, it took money from McDonald's and used it to build a pretend McDonald's inside.  Wonderful.  What splendid dietary lessons that is teaching.

All this having been said, it is a fun place.  I like the Alice in Wonderland and fairy tale garden areas especially, and the Playhouse Theater has some great shows (included with price of admission).  It is a great place for kids to spend a few hours, with parents getting only slightly bored.

In addition to ditching the completely inappropriate McDonald's exhibit, and perhaps changing the name to reflect that it is more of a play space than a museum, I would also suggest that Please Touch give some thought to the fact that, as a place for young children, ALL of its young guests will be accompanied by adults, who could use some adult-only seating near each area.  (Yes, my legs work, but you don't know how long some children want to play at the pretend construction area.  It is a really long time.)

I am all for play - kids should do it every day - but if you are looking for an actual museum to which to take young children in the Philadelphia area, I would suggest the Academy of Natural Sciences or the Franklin Institute.
This is a great museum!  The outdoor space is beautifully landscaped with a lot of room for kids to run around while waiting for the museum to open.

The first floor is divided in 3 sections. Section one is dedicated to cars and transit, section two is a water table play area and section three has a full sized carousel. 

The bottom floor has "rooms" with different themes. The themes varied from hospital, grocery store, shoe store and diner. They also had an Alice in Wonderland maze.

Overall, my kids had a great time!
I'm still a little sad that they're no longer in center city, but the new location and building are gorgeous, no question. My 1 year old was a bit overwhelmed by the sheer imensity of the space the first time we went, but she eventually warmed up to it. Some of the rooms have specific areas for kids under 3, which was nice and a little more accessible for her, though I wish other parents would cooperate with the age limit a bit better and keep their older kids out of there so I'm not worried about her getting trampled.

We went on a Friday and it wasn't too crowded. Next time we'll go straight to the supermarket downstairs because she could probably take the fake food in and out of the bins all day and be happy.

If you're going to go more than a few times the membership is definitely worth it, especially with the free parking. And when she's a little oler I'm excited to take advantage of the members only events and perks =)
If you want to celebrate a young kid's birthday by spending a day out with them, the museum is going to make for a very memorable experience in the formative years. 

Please Touch Museum stands true to its name when it comes to the variety of things the little ones get to try hands-on. From launching styrofoam rockets to operating an excavator, there's an entire spectrum of things to do and let their imagination run wild. They have family memberships that pay off in 2-3 visits.

Please note though that you need to spend a couple of hours to truly do justice to the featured exhibits. We came here with our two nephews and they had a ball from the looks of it. A must visit attraction in Philly.
We have been coming to the Please Touch Museum for 4 years and my children (ages 4.5 and 2.5 years) love it just as much now as before the pandemic. My kids' favorites include the carousel, rocket blast, vehicle exhibit and Alice in Wonderland maze. They can spend an entire hour just hopping back and forth between the trolley, Septa bus, tractor and other vehicles and then also playing with the nearby ice cream and sandwich shops. 

We love the rotating exhibits. Currently they have the Mo Willems Pigeon exhibit. I didn't really know much about Mo Willems but that is exactly the point of this musem- to learn about new and different things while exploring. The rotating exhibit is always interactive. The current one has a hot dog launcher which my kids thought was awesome among so many other things to touch and do. 

The best part of our June 11th visit was the PRIDE day celebration. Drag Queen Brittany read several wonderful books which taught the children about diversity and overcoming stereotypes. My kids listened to Brittany for way longer than they sit through story time at home and what a wonderful message. They also gave out PRIDE flags and stickers. I'd love for Drag Queen story time to become a more regular event. 

Currently they are only open Thursday-Sunday with reservations and only from 9am to 12pm or 1:30pn to 4:30pm. I hope they eventually go back to operating their normal full week and full day schedules because I much prefer to get there in the mid to late morning and to stay until the afternoon to avoid morning traffic yet still get home for nap time. 

Centennial Innovations is a new permanent exhibit (replacing the old train exhibit downstairs) and it was just ok. My kids weren't that interested so perhaps it is better for older kids. 

We badly miss the old grocery store/kitchen/ restaurant exhibit on the lower floor. We can't wait until they open the new Giant grocery store exhibit in Fall 2021.
While our children always enjoy themselves here, there isn't a time that we come when my wife and I are not thoroughly disappointed by every employee we encounter from management on down the line. There is no commitment to customer service. No one smiles or even seems happy to be there to greet the visitors. It would be great if there was employment training in this area -- and it should start at the highest level.
A great place for younger children. My kids are 8 and 9, although they enjoyed the water area and grocery store I would not recommend this place for children older than 7. The cost of admission is too expensive for what is offered in this facility.
We brought my friend's 2 year old son here while they were visiting. He had a blast and was especially enamored with the train sets. The staff was great and really engaged the kids. There was even a parade being put together while I was leaving!

I am, however, unhappy with how many broken exhibit parts there were. For what they charge ($17 a person, INCLUDING THE TWO YEAR OLD. What!), they should keep up with all the toys and things.
What a way to spend a few hours with a traveling toddler!

My daughter absolutely loved this museum. It has every adorable thing one can imagine to mesmerize a young child. From the mini grocery store to the tree house .. from the space center to the toy duck pond .. from the mini race car garage to the foam play room, my daughter was in awe. Of course, she especially loved the indoor carousel as my husband and I had to take her on it four times!

Bonus highlight: they have the life sized floor piano from the movie, Big! One of my favorite cinematic scenes from my childhood. I may have had too much fun playing piano, hopping from key to key with my daughter in tow!

Another huge bonus for this history buff Mom was the Centennial Exploration room! L-o-v-e-d looking at every inch of the 1876 Exhibition model.. amazing.
I like the Please Touch Museum.

While I do feel like it's a germy, place for kids to play...it's still a good time for them. 

Some exhibits need some tlc, perhaps some scrubbing to get the grime off. 
But that's the nature of any item that has hundreds of grubby children manhandling it. 

It's great if you're a member (and a good value if you plan to go visit more than 3 times a year...) because you get free parking, two adults and two children in and really that's pretty great.
The coat check is a nice feature because in the winter who wants to run after a toddler while carrying a parka?

There is a new exhibit that we're excited to check out, the carousel is always fun, and it's a nice place to take a little one when you want them to run around and (potentially) learn some cool stuff. 

I do not like that the aprons by the water table smell like mildew. I think they need to be cleaned better. 

All in all a great place to play and learn with your babes.
*high five*! You guys are totally doing everything right. When I worked at a nearby pre-school I used to take the kids here all the time and while they get to touch literally everything, they are learning at the same time which is what I love most - dual functions! Fun and learning! I always bring my little cousins or suggest people to bring their children here.
OMG. This is kid paradise. I have an almost 2 year old and she was rocking all over this joint. I had a hard time keeping up with her. At $16 a pop, including for the little ones, this can be pricey. But we went on the first Wednesday of the month and got in for $2 a pop, a total steel. They also have good membership deals for those who like to frequent the joint.

But seriously, there is so much ish for the little ones to do. They have kid size markets, Mc Ds, houses, etc... They have a river area with toys to play with in the water. So cool.

The one thing they don't have but desperately need, stroller parking. I mean, if I have to chase my kid around, doing it with a stroller sucks. I just want to park it and go. Come on people, $16 for my kid should get my stroller a parking spot.
Once great kids museum located in an amazing space in that is slowly degrading over time. Our experiences with the Please Touch Museum date back to before it moved into beautiful Memorial Hall which itself was built for the 1876 Centennial Exhibition as an art gallery. A decade ago we found the museum to be a rather worn down and sad experience in its old location and I fear it is heading in that direction again. 

When the museum moved into the new building all of the exhibits were rebuilt and the place was simply amazing. However it has been going slowly downhill ever since. Many of best interactive experiences have broken over time and were permanently removed instead of fixed, and many others have been worn through heavy use to the point that they have a minimal interest.

Apparently the museum ran into financial issues related to the costs of the building and the way their lease was structured with the city of Philadelphia. However they emerged from bankruptcy 3 years ago now and it strikes me that many of the fixes needed are inexpensive. Replace the worn out fruit and box at the store! Add more rubber ducks to the pond! Make the train room fun by getting lots more trains in there so the kids are fighting over them! I know the utility costs of the building are hundreds of thousands of dollars, but just a tiny percentage of that would fix all of these problems and more.

It pains me to write this review. I really hope that they fix these problems and I can come back and rewrite this and say everything is back to the way it used to be.
So much fun for the kids! They will truly enjoy being here. 

The cafe lunch was reasonably priced (I was surprised)  and the children enjoyed their meal.
Staff was super nice and helpful.
The gift shop was overpriced, as any gift shop in any museum. 

So much to do, you will need to be prepared to spend the entire day.
The Please Touch Museum was everything that I remember and more! It's such a classic place for small children to enjoy.

I took my 5 year old baby niece and my 11 year old nephew to the museum on a beeyutiful Saturday. The museum featured an Alice in the Wonderland exhibit as well as Halloween activities like storytelling and a puppet show.

Ordering tickets to the museum was a breeze. I simply ordered them online and when I arrived the staff scanned my tickets on my phone. I also was able to get free parking on Saturday at their parking lot. The museum is rather large and has an array of the classic exhibits like the objects in the water, the bus stop, hospital room and of course the carousel!  Oh and kids can touch everything which is absolutely amazing!! 

I overall had a good time and look forward to creating more memories at the Please Touch Museum.
The Please Touch Museum has moved out to the remodeled and gorgeous Memorial Hall in Fairmount Park.  It is now a destination spot with activities for all ages up to about 12 years old.  It is truly amazing.  It has a cafeteria, a carousel, huge party rooms and a small store, as well as plenty of parking (park outside the gate on the street for free parking.) There are multiple floors and very cool physical activities like boat rowing and a kid-size hamster wheel, as well as numerous other nooks and crannies to explore.  You MUST go and see the new space, and take your out-of-town guests.  People will come to Philly just to visit the new Please Touch Museum, like the Aquarium in Baltimore.  It really is that amazing.
First, remember that some of these reviews are for the OLD Please Touch, near 20th and the Parkway.  Forget those.  The new (not SO new anymore) location in Fairmount Park is amazing.  Memorial Hall was completely restored.  For years, it was used basically as a gymnasium, and the whole place was allowed to deteriorate.  Check the history - it's an old building, built for the Centennial Exposition in 1876.

As a place to take children, it's unbelievable.  As a place to see historic artifacts - one that you can look at and touch - it's probably best appreciated by Philly natives, but cool for anyone.  The bronze tortoise that was at the Philly Zoo for decades?  It's here!  Generations of people used to sit on it and have their picture taken.  The old Strawbridges (11th & Market) animatronic Christmas Village display?  It's here, and open around the holidays, with everything fully operational.  The carousel is from Woodland Park, long since shut down, and has been restored into mint condition.  There are gems like this all over.  

But it also serves as a backdrop and unique venue for special events.  We just had my daughter's wedding there and there are just no words that can really capture how great it was.  The place was beautiful, the staff was almost insanely attentive to our needs and those of our guests and the food was out of this world.  The only issue we had was with one of the bartenders, who was, at times, rude and out of line.  

Five well earned stars!
The please touch museum is a great place to bring your child.  I brought my 20 month old here for a morning before leaving the philly area.  There are 4 main sections with a theme for each.  The children can play with many different objects from shopping carts to air powered rockets.  However, we found that many of the activities did not work well or were broken.  I expect the occasional flawed attraction when kids are beating on them daily, but I feel there were more than would be acceptable when paying $50 for 3 people including my 20 month old to enter.  Otherwise we had a very good day.  I did not ride the carousel so I can not comment , but it is not included with the entry fee.
Great place for little kids! So much to see and touch! On the main floor, there is a big water play area. Smocks are provided and the kids can play with little boats and rubber ducks and other toys in the water. I think my granddaughter would have been happy to just stay in this area. There is also a little tree house in this part. 

On the other side there is a garage area with cars, a Septa bus, tractor, train and lots of play things. My grand daughter loved shoveling the coal for the train. Go figure, lol. 

Next to this area is the temporary Wizard of Oz exhibit. My grand daughter liked it but it wasn't her favorite. The next area is the space area. You can build a little rocket and shoot it with compressed air. Pretty cool, it went pretty far!

Also on this level is a cafe. It's nothing special but would be good for a snack or a drink. We decided to get lunch elsewhere.

Downstairs is the Alice in Wonderland area, play farm, play house and also a play doctor's office. My granddaughter loved the play farm and play house with the little kitchen. She could have stayed there for hours. She also loved the doctor's office and taking xrays of the baby doll. They even have lab coats for the kids to wear. 

There was also a money area and another area that we didn't have time to explore. This is also where the pretend market is but it is currently not open. 

Definitely worthwhile to get a membership if you live close enough.
Perfect for the preschool set, it's like going for a play date at some other kids house where you don't have to clean up the toys. 

They have different themed semi educational areas like a hospital, garden, tv studio, and grocery store. Of course my kid played with all the stuff we have at home (baby dolls, play food) but it was DIFFERENT play food so it was exciting. 

We went on a gorgeous Friday afternoon and it was emptyyyy. I'm sure it gets packed on weekends or mornings with school trips. 

You can buy tickets and parking in advance and flash on your smartphone. Love it!
I had a good time today at the museum with my 3 year old granddaughter. From the time that we entered the museum, she was excited and on the go! I think that our experience was also great, because it was not crowded at all... no campers or school kids, mostly toddlers and preschoolers.

Everything in the museum is spaced out and the design team thoughtfully planned the exhibits.  The lower level held a super market with check out stations (including one self check out station lol).  There was a bistro and a pizzeria. Of course, I had to "eat" all of the "food." 

 There is a theater, which was closed but we moved on to the Alice in Wonderland exhibit. I really enjoyed it. There were many more exhibits to see, but my second favorite thing was the carousel.  We rode it twice! 

There is a small food court with seating, and a gift shop with reasonably priced items for sale.  Just the same, I needed several naps afterwards.  Good times!
My toddler would live here if we let her. I'm not too hard set against the whole family moving right in. It is CHARMING. 

This museum is pitch perfect for the 2-6 set. The exhibits are incredibly detailed and really encourage kids to engage in creative play. (Ok, so I had a great time too, and I think my husband would have stayed with the air compressor rockets for a good 20 more minutes.) 

Almost more impressive than the amazing attention to detail and "fun" factor is that dose of Philly history that comes with it. The museum itself was the Memorial Hall for the US Centennial (that's 1876 for those of you that are a little rough on your history) and one of the the only remaining buildings from the Centennial Exhibition Village. 

Grownups, take a minute to look up from the plastic duckies and appreciate the "bones" of the structure. (ok, now back to the duckies). 

It's smack dab in the middle of Fairmount park, and all of the displays are Philly themed. (Children's Hospital, Acme Markets...etc). Even the old Wanamaker Monorail makes an appearance. Be sure to visit the Centennial Exploration exhibit (all but deserted during our 3 visits). 

Go on a weekday to avoid Saturday and Sunday crowds. And be sure to follow Groupon and the like for regular discounts.
The tickets are $15 per person (ages 2 and up), and you'll get every pennies worth!

We arrived at about 10:30 in the morning and went through the museum in 2.5 to 3 hours.  My 6 year old son had a blast!  It wasn't super crowded, so there wasn't much of a wait at all for the most popular exhibits.  After the first 3 hours, my son wasn't done, and we spent an extra 45 minutes running through his favorite exhibits.  He would have stayed even longer if   I wasn't starving and dragging him away to get something to eat.

I love that they had the most popular exhibits (usually the ones that move) not only staffed, but timed as well to ensure that each child gets a fair turn.  My son's favorite exhibits were Water Works, the Supermarket, and the Boo Zone (a costume chest where kids can play dress up for Halloween).  Looking at all of the older toys (displayed museum style) inspired some awesome flashbacks of Christmases past for me.

The Cafe had some nice menu choices, but was way overpriced ($3 for a cheese sandwich? Come on!).  Instead we took a 10 minute drive over to a nice brunch spot.  

Seeing as how Philly's only a 1.5 hr. drive from NY, we'll def be back!

P.S.  Parking is free if you get there early enough and park across the road from the field.  The museum is a 1 minute walk away.
This place is heaven for kids! Took our 18 month there for a little family trip. Easy to navigate, so many things to do for MOST ages. Even a little play supermarket and barbershop for kids to play.. What I will say that it is expensive $20 per person..and that included our 1 year old. Yikes! Most places don't charge until the child turns 2.  Most of the activities are for 3+ and in our opinion paying $20 for a 1 year old to just walk around was a bit much. Great place though! We'll bring him back when he understands everything and is worth shelling out $60 for the three of us.
For as much as I could possibly "like" a place with screaming children running wild into each other and not sharing, I give this a museum a solid 4. 

I am deducting a star for the outrageous parking fee of $12 and the lack of staff intervention when some of the older kids got violent with the blue noodles. 

Now on to the good. We pulled up to the museum that could have easily stood with some of the finest establishments in Paris. It is almost a shame that the bright orange sign "please touch museum" stood in the front of the building. The size of the museum is impressive. When you first enter you can choose to go left or right. Both sides have an upstairs and downstairs loaded with touching opportunities to indulge the kiddies who are too often told "NO! Don't touch that!"

My favorite interactive exhibits was the Alice in Wonderland which comprises of mazes and tea parties, secrets windows that look out to mysterious creatures a child would find exhilarating. 

Bottom line- for $19 (over the age of 1) it is a great couple of hours to spend with kids under 5, especially in the winter!
I accompanied my four year old to this museum. He has been there before and I have not. 
I found it rather pricey for families, when you include parking and the admission for two it was $40. 
Once inside it is a very spacious place. I would highly recommend to plan an early trip in the morning, versus afternoon. 
We started early enough that my son had plenty of action on the things he wanted to do. We were there a long time and in the afternoon things just got way too crowded and out of control. 
Parents, step up to the plate and monitor your kids instead of texting or talking on the phone. And no, going to the other end of the room and sitting is not interacting with your kid. 
My son's favorites were the Septa bus and Grocery store. Although, I would have liked more operational things on the bus than the steering wheel. Come on, gets some bells and whistles when you flip a switch. Granted, as I said he loved the bus. 
The grocery store, phenomenal is all I can say. Kids can go shopping and also pretend to pay for the food. Parents, the good kind, were relacing food items back to shelves for others. Take a note parents who check out once your kid gets in. 
I also highly recommend that you plan to bring your own food if you are there over a meal and not use the cafeteria food- it is extremely over priced.
OMG this is totally awesome place for kids and families. The exhibits, the  carousel, I don't know where to begin! In an old historical structure with beautiful detail and openness,  it's a welcome environment for adults and children alike.  If you are an adult and you are looking for a place to host a wedding, a party, or a bridal shower you should really consider renting the Please Touch Museum! You really can't go wrong with a visit to The Please Touch Museum it is beautiful. When you have a chance a drive-through, you will find yourself in beautiful Fairmount Park  with all the greenery and beauty, all that West Philadelphia in the park has to offer.

I am thankful to all the donors and sponsors who keep the doors open. The generosity of others 
allow children from all parts of Philadelphia and possibly the world to visit for free or at a significant discount. I can't say enough about the experience, why don't you become a member today(?)!
So so cute! We had an amazing time at the museum today. So much to see and do from a kiddies perspective. Our princess was very entertained and excited to see and touch everything. They had different activities today at specific times which was pretty cool. 

We purchased our tix online along with parking and a carousel ride. Great price. Upon entry there is a guard that directs you to the correct line to retrieve your tix. I like order lol. It's pretty easy to get through the floors in about 2 hrs or less. There are plenty of seating areas and bathrooms. And there is even an area to purchase lunch I believe, or bring your own. 

The store is pretty great also. Stop in and look around. They had some great deals today. I'm glad we took the trip to visit. I was impressed by the smocks when it came to the water activities, nicely done. 

We will definitely come again.
Good for the young and only for about 2 hours.

Their namesake is only partially correct.  The "touch me" part is definitely true.  Think of it as a big romper room for the kids.  They run amok and try out everything.  It's as if you gave your kids a can of red bull.  They run from area to area and play their hearts out.  Its also the reason the second half of the name is bogus.  There is nothing "museum" about this place.  It is not educational or instructional.  There are some references to classic children's stories such as Alice in Wonderland and others but that's it.  But in all honesty, I don't think the kids care.  

The problem I had with the place is what others have already mentioned.  They have not renovated, expanded or changed the place for over 5 years.  Because of that, the playthings are somewhat worn and the carpeting/toys are not the cleanest.  The size also limits how long your kids will be interested.  Two hours max.  After that, you start to hear the "what can I do now" mantra.  Also, if you go when it's busy, be prepared for kids chaos.  It's like Lord of the Flies competitive.  The last is the price.  $11 for kids and adults alike is hefty, especially if you're there for about 2 hours.  But then again, it is the price of a movie.  Probably won't be back for another 5 years but I'm not worried, it'll still be the same.
My 7-year-old daughter loves this place. We have been going for several years now, and she always has a terrific time exploring the different exhibits and playing with all of the different toys and play sets. Because everything at PTM is interactive, every visit is a new experience, and children never seem to get bored. This is especially true for toddler and pre-school children, who I think are really the target audience for this museum. 

PTM is a real treasure, and we are lucky to have it here in Philadelphia.
So I used to love this place.  On this visit with 2 kids, I was quite disappointed.  Went on a Sunday afternoon.  It wasn't overly crowded, but the place was a complete mess.  there weren't enough museum staff to clean everything up.  Virtually every room was in disarray, and the art room had nothing with which to create art.

The kids went through the museum twice, and we ended up leaving early.  This used to be their favorite place.  On 1/12, I had given this 5 stars.  With the dirty feel, mess everywhere, and lack of actual interactions, I have lowered it to a 2 star review.  

we will probably not be coming back.
This place is truly fabulous. My in laws bought us a membership here for my son's birthday when we decided to move to Philly, and I'm so grateful that they did. The membership pays for itself in four visits or so. My son is a year and a half and as he's gotten better at walking (and has gotten taller- so he can actually reach the water part) he just keeps getting more out of this place. It's so wonderful to be able to bring my city kiddo somewhere where he can run around and make a ton of noise and enjoy himself. I would highly recommend this place for both local and visiting families with young toddlers. Tip: leave your stroller in the car. Your kiddo will run around like crazy so it's unnecessary!

Oh, and my one complaint? They only open at noon on Sundays. My kiddo naps from 1-3, which basically rules out visiting that day. I wish they'd open at 9 on Sundays as well, which would offer more opportunities for working families to visit.
Very disappointed! I went with my son, my boyfriend, friends and their kids. Let's start by saying that half of the stuff didn't work! As a parent we expected so much more because it's a museum just for kids. My 3 year old son seemed to be excited but was let down because stuff was broken. It was frustrating because we had to pay for him and then..... "sorry baby it's broken". Then I felt like some of the employees did not seem like they wanted to be there or be around kids. I really wanted to have a great time but I was turned off by the fact that the majority of the stuff was broken. So let's just say that my family and my friends families will not be going back anytime soon unless we hear that the exhibits are repaired. So hopefully other people don't pull the short straw like we did.
The PTM is a great place for small children. My little one if just under 2 and every time I take him, he engages with the toys and activities in different ways. We have a membership, so he can go as often as he needs. As city parents, space is a precious commodity and the PTM helps in two ways. First, we find out what toys he really likes-there is so much to do there, so we pick toys that better suit his interest. Second, we buy fewer thing than we would (like a workbench from FP) because he can go there and play. 

Some tips:
1. Plenty of on street parking that is closer to the front door than some of the spaces in the parking lot.
2. There is a coatroom, so you really can just carry the essentials. It is not always supervised, so don't leave valuables.
3. There is a cafe with a lot of options, but it is a bit pricey. We usually bring a snack because even our little guy gets hungry from so much running around. If nothing else, empty water bottle you can fill up. 
4. There are a lot of kids on the weekends and holidays, so we tend to go in the middle of the week. It gives our little one access to everything. Sometimes the older kids can be overwhelming. But, even at crowded times, there are special areas designated as :under 3" for the little ones. This is not always enforced, but usually, it is.
Anyone who hasn't visited this place as a young child has been sorely cheated.  It's one of the most fun experiences that I think I can recall from not-so-distant childhood.  How do I love thee, Please Touch?  Let me count the ways.  First is the kid-sized grocery store complete with stocked shelves, carts, and check out registers.  Then there's the wall of pegs; you stick foam cut-outs up on the pegs.  That sounds totally lame, but trust me, it's way fun when you're little.  Colors, shapes, you know.  There's some kind of donated Septa bus thing where you can get inside & pretend to drive.  There's an area with boats & water--it just goes on and on and on.  Nothing beats this place for a fun kids outing that entertains the grown ups as well.  I'd definitely come here with a cute kid on a weekday to create some memories.  Watch out for crowding on the weekends.

*Cutest event ever:  Please Touch had a New Year's celebration with a balldrop at 12 noon on NYE.
My active 4 year old had a ball at the Please Touch museum. So many fun and engaging exhibits. He loved the water play area and the rocket blaster exhibit; I loved the Alice in Wonderland exhibit. So much thought went into planning these areas. Worth the price of admission and the trip from NY.
The new place is awesome.  To quote Andy from The Office &quot; If you don't how awesome that is you need awesome lessons&quot;.  The place is huge and just plain fun.  The Alice in wonderland is great for all ages and my son loved the supermarket, mowing his yard and driving a SEPTA bus.  If you looking for something to do and don't mind kids running around having fun then this is the place for you.  it's only a few blocks from the zoo in Fairmount Park.  My family along with my brother's family have bought a 15 month membership and plan to go back many time in the next few weeks.  If not for anything you should go and check it out for yourselves..  They probably are not at 100% but at 85% it is still awesome..
Yep, this is as good as it gets with kids!  The 'museum' has all of the normal installations that you'd expect including a  water play area, a shopping market, a real car to crawl around in, an arts and crafts area and a lot more unique installations.  The museum is housed in Memorial Hall which was built for the centennial celebration of the US.  The architecture and lobby alone are worth a visit; the lobby is stunning.  At one time, it was the largest building in the world. Now, only the central part stands.

When we were there, they had a great Alice in Wonderland display complete with the Rose Garden that had the smell of actual roses wafting through the air.  Our two daughters (ages 5 and 2) loved it.  We spent about 3 hours there and finished the visit up with a quick trip to the cafe for a little snack before riding the Phlash bus back to city center.

A must visit if you're going to Philly with kids!
This place is officially called the, Please give my kids the common cold and other germs Museum. Of course, everyone ended up sick a few days after visiting here. So please bring copious amounts of hand sanitizer and hand wipes. Meh, I was not impressed by this place at all. Neither was my 4 year old. The exhibits where shabby, not entertaining or interactive. Most of the toys here my kid has at home. Most of the Exhibits here can be easily recreated at home. I thought it was weird that it's called the Please Touch Museum, but it's so many toys THAT YOU CAN"T TOUCH behind glass. The Food was ''aight', nothing special and it wasn't a lot to choose from. The cook acted annoyed when I asked him about something on the menu that wasn't Hot dogs, chips or pizza. The staff is sketchy and kinda ghetto. I'm sorry, but I just don't feel right about about a dude with tattoo tears and Prison tats working in a Museum full of kids. Call me an elitist but hey. The female staff was what you would call chicken-heads. You know, loud boisterous, neck rolling, short with people and not very professional. I could be wrong but I think a lot of the staff is there only as a condition of probation. Parking was stupidly expensive. If I remember correctly, it was $20. Don't waste your money here. In the end it's really just a building with cast-off toys and poorly put together ''interactive'' exhibits. The Carousel was nice, that was about it. Nothing here justifies the money you will spend on this place.

PS.I like to be around a diversity of races when I go out but this place is W.A.S.P. EY. Which might make it uncomfortable for people of different races and religions.
We like Please Touch Museum or PTM a lot. My family purchased membership back in 2015 and renewed it renewed it in 2016. My two year old has lots of fun every time we go. 

Some exhibits there are more permanent or long term. For example we like to play in the shopping center and in the big building blocks area. There is a very nice option for playing with water right at the entrance on the right side. My toddler likes Humpty Dumpty part in the Alice in the Wonderland exhibit. At the entrance level on the left there is a Bus Station and a Trolley where one can ring a bell. Now they added simulation of an Ice Cream stand which is also much fun.

There are also areas with more temporary or seasonal exhibits. First time when we joined it was Clifford the Big Red Dog exhibit. Now there is Mr. Potato Head exhibit instead. Both are very much fun and great learning opportunities for children to develop different skills. My toddler enjoyed choosing different pairs of eyes, hats, and hands for Mr. Potato Head.

My personal favorite is an arts and crafts room on the left side from the entrance of the museum as you go through the seasonal exhibit room. There are multiple hands-on fun projects that change from time to time. Our last visit there were different connectors, for example, that can be used as a building blogs for some fun structures. There was also an area directed by museums representative to create personal creative art works on color paper of about 5x7 post card size and hang them on the wall in that room. There was also winter corner with some items with winter theme like toy polar bears and penguins, as well as shovels, gloves, etc. 

PTM has a nice Carousel ride and it is only a dollar a ride for members (never tried without membership) which is very affordable in my view as we only need to pay for our little one. Adult that accompanies a child rides for free. We usually limit number of rides to 1-2 per visit  to enjoy without overspending.

We also like different small events like musical performances, story time, that are available on certain time of the day depending on a topic or seasonal exhibit. Last visit we attended story time to hear a book about Mr. Potato Head adventures. There was also Martin Luther King Jr. related event since it was Dr. King weekend.

So far during all our visits staff was very friendly. Food quality in the cafeteria is ok. We liked veggie and plain pizza there. The museum parking might have limited availability on some days, but so far we managed to find a space available, maybe it is because we try to come closer to the opening time. It is free with the family membership option just need to remember to get a pass from the museums front desk at the check-in. 

We try to spend more time outside when weather allows, but for rainy, cold, or snowy days PTM has a lot to offer for little ones to spend their energy and enjoy play time. Just remember to wash your's and children's hands and keep alert especially during flu / virus sensitive seasons since many different children play with and touch the same toys.

I would definitely recommend PTM to others.
We have been here about 3 times this summer.

1. Ice Cold Air Conditioning
2. Super Friendly Staff

We decided to get the family membership, which is a pretty good deal, since they charge for almost all children over 1 years old. the membership is nice,  because you get discounts to other stuff.  Even discounts to the phillies etc. 

Then we decided to have the birthday party here , and it was great.  For around 16 dollars a person, its a real bargain. All you can eat pizza and drinks.  carousel ride, and admission all day to the museum? 

They think of everything ,from childens height sinks in the bathroom, etc etc.

There are so many activities for the kids. And even up to 11/12 years old, they really enjoyed it. 

The Employees:  Really genuinely love children and people.  So many places, the employees are just passing the time, and if you ask for help its like you are inconveniencing them.  Please touch staff: So awesome.    

Compared a bounce-U or chuck E cheese?  This is a way better option for Parties. and similarly priced.  

The new facility is huge.  
Street parking wasnt bad, but on rainy days it can be more crowded.
This was a total waste of $61. It looks nice, fun and enjoyable but unfortunately my daughter never got to play with anything. All the kids running around got her scared and she refused to let us put her down. (She's 16 months). The surfaces of everything looked dingy and dirty. The price is ridiculous!!!! $17 per person!!!! That's kids and adults!!!! Why charge the parents $17 just to run around after the kids!!! It's not like the parents can enjoy the "exhibits." Then $10 for parking after being there for an hour and a half. If I do go back it won't be for a while. Please do a deep and thorough cleaning daily.
This is a great museum for kids, but expensive.  It costs $17 for ages 1-12, which is the same price as an adult admission.  A family membership is $150, so if you live in Philly and plan to go often its great. However, the reciprocal children's museums now only give you 1/2 off admission instead of free, so if you live far away it's probably better just to pay the $68 for one day.  The supermarket was one of our favorite exhibits!
If the Please Touch Museum was all about the family and children, statements like "if we did this for every family..." (provided admissions and quality customer service for everyone under varying circumstances including using a "play pass") would not be given and acceptable. There are many families that have not been privy to the quality customer service and care provided by team members of the Please Touch Museum. Is there any place, including a children's museum that cares about their patrons and shows it through their actions and business practices?
they don't sell whisky and flasks here, so bring your own. you're going to need it about 5 minutes into the please touch museum.

to prepare you for what you're in store for, i'm going to write my review in all caps, to give the impression i'm screaming at the top of my lungs like the kids who play here!!

so you walk in and there is a ton of kids running around and a bench of parents who look defeated. you can play on a real septa bus (homeless person not included) and work a crane to pick up ball pit balls.

there is a tram that overhangs the top floor which is cool to take some photos in. 

yes! the next part is the food market! what better way to spend a weekend then doing what you hate most?! food shopping!!!! throw food everywhere and watch parents try and get their 8 year old back in their stroller.

the alice in wonderland part is pretty cool, as you'll get a moment of sanity as your child disappears in the mazes and mirrors. but they'll come back (sorry) and back to the upstairs you go! 

there is a large 'water park' like exhibit that the kids love to splash in, so make sure you wear your nicest clothes. the water gives of the pleasant smell of chlorine and watching the kids drink the water is the tops. 

seriously though, this place is clean and a blast for kids. go on a weekend and blow your brains out its so crazy. a mon-thursday? its pretty cool because there aren't kids crawling all around you.

Edit - Damnit Yelp! You edited out my caps crazy post!!!
Perfect for kids as long as it's not too crowded. 

Came here last summer for the first time to bring our son after hearing about this place and of course being in the area. We arrived fairly early and had some peace of mind before the crowds started and kind of put a damper on things. Granted they're kids, but it's almost hard to enjoy certain things when there is just chaos going on all around you. We did work our way back around to some areas that we bypassed due to the large number of kids who completely engulfed said 'exhibits'. There was a camp or two there two with naturally no sense of direction or control from their counselors, which says a lot about that particular camp. 

Anyway, the place is ideal for kids (ages 2 to maybe 7 or 8) who are curious about certain things, places, and just want to pretend play in a sort of real environment that they wouldn't normally get to experience. There's the popular Shop Rite shopping experience, working in McDonald's, exploring a real car, a children's hospital, and so on. There really is a lot to do for kids and this place will keep them entranced for several hours. The Alice in Wonderland set up is actually well done and even adult fans of that will appreciate it. 

Littered throughout the 2 floors are glass displays of nostalgia and memorabilia from the 60's to the 90's that is certainly nice to look at for parents - I know for me (being a child of the 80's), looking at some of those displays brought me back to my own childhood. This place is worth your time at least once if you're in the area with your kid(s). It would be better of course if the parents or teachers/counselors stayed with their kids and told them to put things back once they were finished so that the next set of kids could enjoy them just as much as their kids did, but not the Please Touch Museum's fault or job for babysitting the irresponsible. 

Some areas are meant for slightly older kids, while other areas are best suited for toddlers. We never got to experience the "rocket" room due to the rough kids inside there that weren't readily going to give up their spots at a particular area. It's a shame, but the parents/counselors are the ones responsible for that one. The water play area on the first floor will probably get your child a little wet, so be prepared with that.  

They do have a parking lot that charges $8 to park, but you also have the option of parking in the street for free as long as you can find a spot. The gift shop is predictably overpriced, but that is normal. The staff was as pleasant as could be from the ones I dealt with or seen. 

All in all a great place and definitely worth a visit for your kids.
I am a lifetime pass holder at the Please Touch Museum, needless to say I have exhausted the thrill some ways back. However, initially the experience was rewarding having a 5 and 7 year old who loves the carousel and any setting that is different from home incorporating plenty of colors, activities encouraging the development of fine & gross motor skills, things and places to jump, climb,  shuffle water, and even shop, dress up, fantasize, socialize with other little people, eat park popcorn, exciting attractions, the whole nine. 

I in particular will not stop loving the newly created enchanted village attraction set up. I lovveeee this. Observing the captured moments in time depicting how life was and roles that individuals played in their homes and in the society. 

Things I did not enjoy:

For some strange reason after every visit to the museum I find myself feeling as if I was wrestling with five undefeated wrestling champions. This place has some way of wearing me out. I don't know what it is.  There is lots to do here I am leaning towards the idea that there are so many loose little people running around gathered together in one place that it has that affect on me. 

Things I appreciated:
1. There are few scattered places to rest your feet and your weary body during and after the battle

***If your a little one you will have the time of your life here, if your a big one you will feel as if you have gotten the life beat out of you.

But overall it is a good educational experience and we will of course continue to return for life.
This is a museum for children.  I imagine any child would have fun here.  Some of the exhibits seem cheesy and not very educational, but the kids still seem to like it.

Admission is rather pricey, however, since they charge a hefty fee per individual (for each child or adult).  It'd make more sense for the Museum to offer a family or group admission that's cheaper, since adults are there to accompany the children. I definitely wouldn't want to go for my own sake. Would young children even be allowed to go in alone, without accompanying adults?
So this place in theory is great and also awesome for probably 3-6 years old. My 21 month old just ran from thing to thing not doing anything but being chaotic. Personally, I loved the Alice and wonderland Exhibit. I was also annoyed because we went on a day that a festival was in town and they closed at 4. We got there at 245 and they told us once we paid. We were fine with time but I felt rushed.
So much fun for ages 6 and younger. Not really a museum, more like giant indoor playground. Your kid can play here for, literally, hours. Like four to five hours! I'm from NYC and it was like taking the elements of City Treehouse and Appleseeds and putting it together albeit in a much larger and more amplified version. Target age 3-6 would get the most out of this pseudo-"museum". 

Lots of dress up and imaginative play areas: construction site, hospital, fast food, supermarket, kitchen, bus, car, mechanic, front porch, Alice in wonderland.
One room with just a few pieces of manipulatives (MagnaTiles, but only 20-30 pieces) and lifesized building blocks.
The air rockets wand waterplay area with rubber ducks and boats were the most "scientific".

All of it is great and the fake food in the supermarket and fast food places were fun and lifelike. However, the overall execution of this museum was half-baked, to be honest. A few examples of why this place is not ranked higher:

(1) The area of waterplay wasn't filled with enough water for all the features to work. Just a little more water isn't so much more expensive as to be prohibitive -- why are you cutting corners here?
(2) why only two dozen pieces of magnatiles? I know they're expensive but with so many kids wanting to play, couldn't you invest in the 100-pc set?? I did pay nearly $20 per person to get in. 
(3) quite a lot of broken features and missing parts in every exhibit. I understand it is summer and it is an interactive place, so things will break. But they are clearly not on the ball here. I arrived an hour after opening when it was still relatively uncrowded and I already saw the shortfalls. Not sure it improved over the course of the day because it was packed in here by lunchtime.
(4) Staff not the best or friendliest. Negative experience both at the front desk with the staff not taking accountability for her omission and also at the cafe where it took nearly 15 min in a line with five people to order a hot dog. At 230p when no one else really was eating but area was fully staffed by 5 workers.
(5) parents don't watch their kids here. I saw a lot of unacceptable behavior (kids shoving or pushing or not sharing/taking turns; kids using apparatus inappropriately) and their parent(s) just sat and watched it happen. My kid acted out of line two times and both times I immediately pulled him off the activity and gave him a time out. Too many lax parents here and their kids set bad examples. And many lazy parents not doing their part to properly put things back after playing; this was a issue at both the waterplay area with smocks being tossed randomly and in the supermarket where parents would leave abandoned, full carts and baskets for someone else to put back. I ended up constantly cleaning both exhibits while my son played. It was appalling and you know how those kids are gonna turn out -- irresponsible!!

If l lived locally, a membership is a great way to have an inclement weather playground for your kids. I know I paid more per month for an annual membership at Appleseeds in NYC than an annual membership here costs.

As someone from out of town, I would say visit this place just once; I would not come back. Philly has too many other things to see for this place to be high on a visitor's list of places to visit. This "museum" could be anywhere in the world; it is not too Philadelphia-specific.
My son adores this place. Every summer I take him there and we get there when they open and leave when they close. Yep, it's an all day adventure for him. Huge thumbs up to the mastermind behind this place. The intricate detail that has gone into every single little thing there is enormous. My son loves the waterworks section and the construction site and grocery store downstairs. He always meets playmates when he goes, and doesn't want to leave. Someone has come up with what they call the "End of the Day Parade". Two words-"Sheer Genius". At the end of the day about 1/2 hour before closing someone comes out dressed up in a robe with a drum and they go all through the museum with the children following them to round all the kids up and prepare them to leave. It's cute to watch and it actually works I getting them ready to leave. We love this place!
Excellent facility. Great, great, great for kids and adults. Vast in its expanse and various too, it's a great way to spend a day--especially a rainy one like today. Good for kids of all ages. It is educational and entertaining.

When we were there, there was a train exhibit, one with water activities, a gorcery store, and a fun Alice in Wonderland displace.

Highly recommended. One of the best, best places in Philly. I think it's a destination for out-of-towners too.
Awesome place to take your children! 

Pros:

So many cool things for them to do and explore. It is a very hands on experience that your kids would enjoy. There are so many different areas that include a duck pond, farm area, a castle to walk up and read books, automotive area, doctor area where your children can play doctor with baby dolls and x-ray machines. There is also a carousel in the building which is a good thing for younger children. 

There are designated play areas for children who are 3 and younger in a separate area which I feel is a good thing so they have their own little space. The older kids have their own area where they could have access to things their own age. 

Cons:
The only downside is the crowds, when I went it was mobbed with families, and the kids were running off doing what they wanted without the parents supervision. I also think a downside is the fact that the few times I came it was short staffed and the crowds may have been overwhelming to the amount of staff assigned for the day.  

They need to have more staff working in the areas to speak with the parents who aren't supervising their children. I would also limit the amount of people who could come in or have timed sessions to calm down the crowds.
Our kids (5 & 3) love this place!
Great for imaginative and creative play. There are plenty of different areas to play in, so many hands on experiences, with themed rooms and sections. 
Right now the kids love the water play, the construction area, and shopping. 
We usually bring a packed dinner and eat at one of the available tables there.
expensive ($19 per adult or kid), but reasonable for for you get.

two level with many areas of fun. top level houses massive water table on one side and fast-food/cafe, and transportation with real objects or very real replicas (including sit-in stationary monorail) on the other. in the addition on the side, one finds a Muslim theme exhibit, along with a camping scene, robot showcase, and a rocket launch. the top level alone was enough to kill half a day.

lower level has a life-size community combo: shoe shop, bakery, supermarket, mail service, small hospital (equipped with stationary ambulance, gurney, and MRI machine!), etc. middle of the section is art studio on one side, theater and railroad exhibit + huge landscape model on the opposite. towards the end is an elaborate Alice In Wonderland maze, combined with gift shop and ramp going back up to ground floor.

truly an amazingly designed place for kids age 2 to... at least 9. had to leave in a rush so didn't get to check out the carousel ($3 per ride, included in membership).

ample street parking outside. umbrella stroller available for loan.
This place was incredible!!! What a great way to exert some energy on a rainy cold day! My daughter is still a little young for this but had a FANTASTIC time anyway. I think any kids would enjoy it from the age they start walking until about 8 years old. So many new stimulants and places to explore. I love how it was divided up into several different rooms allowing them to focus slightly on where they are then can move to the next room after they're done. LOVE LOVE LOVE IT.
This place does as much to teach kids proper social etiquette as it does to teach them about the real world. A model car, bus and trolley that kids can get into and make believe they are driving is just the tip of the iceberg of offered hands on experiences. 

As importantly kids learn from their parents proper social etiquette: wait in line and take your turn. Of course there are the one per centers who don't think their kids have to follow the rules. 

Street parking is free; the lot runs $20. bring your own food with you in a cooler. unless you want to pay about 30 to 40 dollars for family of 3 to eat in the cafeteria.
My child had a lot of fun here, but I'm very annoyed that Please Touch Museum didn't honor my 10% off discount for showing my SEPTA TransPass. According to SEPTA's Pass Perks program:

What is Pass Perks?
Pass Perks is a special program designed to reward SEPTA TransPass and TrailPass customers with discounts to a wide variety of establishments throughout Greater Philadelphia. In order to redeem a Perk, all you need is to show your pass at the time of the transaction.

and here is the 10% off discount info: http://www.septapassperks.org/perkview.php?t=pfrf&id=728

The ticket girl had NO CLUE about this discount. Surely, others should've asked about this discount because not everyone comes here by car.
I visited Please Touch Museum for the first time this weekend and I LOVED it. It's such a beautiful space for children to learn.  The museum was clean and the employees were pleasant and polite. 

FYI
Make a reservation in advance.  
Parking is available on the premises.  
The cafe is okay but I suggest you being your own snacks or eat in advance. 

More exhibits will open in the fall. 

I would love to see the garden evolve into a prettier space; needs a little more love and care.
Let me preface this by saying my 2-year-old daughter had a reasonably good time. You can take that for what it's worth, and it's the reason I'm not giving this place one star.  That said...

I'm not a rich man. And I don't say that to complain about the admission fees we paid...they are the going rate for a children's activity in a big city. I say that to point out that I wouldn't say that our daughter has an inordinate amount of toys at home or any that are ridiculously expensive. We did get her a Minnie Mouse car for Christmas last year, but that's as over the top as it gets.

I felt that about 99% of the things in there we could do with her at home. Go in one room and there's rubber duckies and boats in the water. We call that bath time.  Go to the next room and there's balls and foam noodles on the floor. We call that play time. Go in the next room and there are slides. We call that the park.  The supermarket is neat, but they have most of that at the local library near us for free, along with free story time programs much like what they have at the museum.

The centennial exposition exhibit was pretty neat for a history buff like me, but had no relevance to my daughter.  Most of the stuff in the floating ball room seemed to be broken.  My daughter has been on a bus and a train and so wasn't excited about that.  And if you're going to have a full size car mockup, shouldn't they see what an engine looks like?

The only thing she really couldn't do at home is see the full size Thomas the Tank Engine. That explains why that line was an hour long. And to be fair, the carousel was very nice. Didn't eat the food, so won't comment on that.

I also had some concerns about the cleanliness of the place, but that probably goes with the territory in a place like this.

Look, the place isn't awful. Your toddler will likely romp around and find some fun stuff. It's just that your toddler can also find much of the same fun in the comfort and cleanliness of your own home. You're supervising your child at the museum anyway, so invite a few friends over and at least your child is not interacting with total strangers and you save 60 bucks.
When I was a child, one of my favorite places in the world was the "Please touch museum" ... Yesterday I went back, and 15years later I still loved it.

I went with my best friend, and her son. He had a blast, as well as us. It was fun to just let loose and play with everything like we were 6 years old again.

We are already planning our next visit.
One of the best Children's museums I have ever been to!  It was my 2nd time at PLEASE TOUCH and my 6-yr old Godson LOVES this place.   He spent the majority of the time there in the construction play area.  I think that is his forte!  He loves construction trucks very much, but not as much as Thomas the Train & Friends and this construction playground is pretty amazing with lots of working tools/machines like a conveyor belt, time clock, and bricks...well OK,  bricks are not really parts that move but these bricks kept this 6-yr old busy for at LEAST 3 hours!!!  It was a real bitch trying to get him outta the place!!!  

We were lucky enough to have been in line with really nice people who gave us a coupon for free entrances...Philly moms ROCK!!!!

Oh yeah, we went on Presidents Day Weekend and it was packed like a MF yet this 6-yr old had the best time and even made a few friends!!!

Note to parents, please make sure you stay with your kid, sometimes we encounter a few bullies (very few but they exist) whose parents are too tired and sitting their asses on the benches not paying any attention to what their child is doing!

Pictures to come soon!
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE!  If you have kids you must bring them here.  They can touch EVERYTHING!  They have some of the most unique exhibits I've ever seen.  They even have a carousel inside.  However it is not included in your regular admission ticket price which sucks big time.  You have to go back to admissions or another kiosk to buy a separate ticket for the Carousel.  #1They should tell you this at admissions. #2 the admission ticket is $17 for everyone over the age of 1 year old.  $17!!!!  and I have to pay anther $3.00 per person to ride the Carousel.  That's rape!  Overall it was great but definitely not cheap.
I just had my daughter's first birthday party on Saturday and ordered the deluxe package for 45 people. The room (chipped green walls and in the basement) was barely decorated for the party and there was a shortage of centerpieces. There were only 3 tables when promised 6 adult tables. (Update I was supposed to move the other 3 tables and chairs myself and set up the room for my child's birthday apparently) Some of my guests were told that there was no birthday party there that day when arriving and had to speak to multiple front desk people. They almost expected us to bring down the 50 lb cake ourselves until I had to request someone to come with a cart. There was no lighter for the candles and the guest experience host just said oh well and started singing! Horrible!) Immediately kicked out of the party room and rushed my daughters party. Asked to extend for a fee and told me they were understaffed. They only had one person in the room the whole time and no other accommodations. I never received the contract paperwork for the event. When I call, there is no answer. For a $1650 party I expected way more. Overpriced and disappointing. Have your birthday party at a hall like the Mediterranean Banquet Hall.
Other children's museums I have been to with my daughter have people monitoring the "toddler areas". People, the sign says for 3 and under, that means get your kids who are 6+ out of the area because they are out of control and knocking the toddlers down. It would get more stars if it weren't for that. 

Some of the exhibits were really cool and my daughter seemed to have a good time.
Hands down the best children's museum I have taken my kids to.  Its definitely aimed at the 8 and under set but there are so many things for the kids to do.  And so clean!  It doesn't smell like a dirty diaper like other kiddie museums I've been to.   The hang your own coat room is a nice touch as well.  My favorite part was the launching foam rockets room, my daughters - probably a tie between the waterways with the rubber duckies and the supermarket with all the realistic food (they had play mussels!)
It is perfect place for ages 2 to 6. The kids will love it.
Adults will also not be too bored. 

The place has about 5-6 large exhibits. Kids can touch and play around all they want. Some of the children's museum in nyc area are tiny houses. This is a a large place.
Excellent land of imaginative and playful worlds. The exploring is endless in the wide array of detailed and creative spaces. From the airplane room to the Alice in Wonderland themed floor, your eyes are constantly gazing and prancing to the next wondrous sight to see. My son very much enjoyed this hands-on museum. The price was around $18 per ticket, but under 1 year old children gain free admission, and with a AAA membership, you receive a few dollars off each ticket price you purchase (with proof of membership card). A few things not to miss: downstairs there is a hanging ocean (plastic, clear strips that hang from the ceiling); babies and children love this as it is really cool looking to walk through (and kind of trippy after walking through a maze, seeing yourself in fun, warped mirrors, and experiencing a shrinking room). Don't miss sitting at the grand tea table in Alice's wonderland. Make sure to experience the treehouse upstairs, and the air hoses blowing balls around in the flying/airplane room. The back room on the second floor has a soft foam plane catapult room, which kids love. If you can find your way through these suggestions (and not get lost in one section too long - this place could seriously be explored many times over and still seem brand new to the eye), make sure not to also miss the forklift ball pit fun! Overall, it's worth it to get a map, explore the rooms, and experience the adventures that await your whole family at the Please Touch Museum.
This review is for the staff


Everything else in the museum was amazing for my kids to play and enjoy themselves. The staff is rude and have no consideration for the handicap or elderly. We were on the big bus tour And got off at the please touch museum to let my 2 and 3 year old burn off some energy. Me, my teen daughter, 2 toddlers, grandma and grandpa. Grandma and grandpa wanted to sit out in the lobby since we were only going to let the 2 kids play for an hour. No point in them paying 19$ to stand around when they could rest on the bench. At one point my father asked to use the restroom. Bad health, handicap, and had other issues. Anyway they told him he had to pay 19$ to come in and use the facilities since he wasn't a paying customer. 

Wth?! Serious? Ladies in front said it was a safety issue for grandpa to come and pee in the bathroom while I paid for my kids to play. Apparently it's a policy. So I offered to switch out with him and sit out while my kids played and he went in to pee and come back. But that's not allowed. So I'm going to speak to a manager and hopefully get some insight.

Update: I called the executive office and spoke with someone, didn't get her name, she called the museum and said a "mr Pritchard" will come out and find me.  They send out a "ronnie m" the general manager. I wish I got the staffs names of the people I spoke to at the front who said "it's my job, it's a policy, it's safety, it's for paying customers..." excuses excuses. 

The fact that I had to call up higher to use the bathroom is ridiculous. 

This museum is all about money and it shows when the staff talk to you and how they treat you. No welcoming at all  the head snapping and eye rolling and the "psh!" Attitudes. Won't come back again. Unless the staff in front retire. They were about that age anyway. 

Good thing they let him use the restroom. I almost had to call 911 for an ambulance so my father could get relief and empty out. It was a medical issue but we hate playing the medical card. If I called 911 the museum would have most definitely be served to foot the bill and other damages caused to my fathers already bad health. 

If it's a policy to not let paying customers use the restroom. Then build one in the lobby! Yo get people riding tour busses here and they get stuck and have nowhere else to go with no other means and no other restroom nearby. Smh.

Update #2 
The bathroom is in the lobby. Just blocked off my ropes and security so you can only use it on the way out of the museum.
After a morning of driving down from CT and sitting in some nice Philly traffic, I was glad to finally reach the Please Touch Museum with my 5 & 3 year olds.  They were very excited by just getting their first glimpse (wide open rooms & tall ceilings). 

Once we got past the admission stand it was clear that it was a vacation week as practically every section of the building was mobbed with kids. Luckily as time went on through the afternoon, the crowd thinned out and the wait time for even the most popular play toys (foam rocket launchers, ball excavators etc) went way down. 

The place had a really innovative way of clearing people out at closing time--a parade. My 3 year old (who likely would have been upset when told to leave) was thrilled to participate in this parade so much that he didn't even realize he was leaving. 

In addition to some of the unique upper floor exhibits, we also enjoyed the puppet show. The free play rooms were just too crowded to be enjoyable. I also could have done without the overpriced carousel. 

Had I paid the $60 admission fee it would have cost for the 4 of us to visit, I would say that this would not have been worth it. However, since we used our reciprocal membership from our local children's museum--it was free. I highly recommend using this program.
We took our 2-year-old here on a Monday afternoon. What a truly impressive childrens' museum! Our little girl spent almost an hour at the canal system with the boats and rubber ducks alone - where else can you send a rubber duck through a canal lock?

There is an impressive 'flight' room that was lost a bit on our little one - but not on me :-) - where you construct a plane out of lightweight foam elements and hoist it up a tower and it launches downward, testing its airworthiness. Cool!

The setting in Memorial Hall is impressive, and there are whimsical pieces of sculpture throughout the museum. What else? A miniature city the kids can run through. A train station. And a beautifully restored indoor carousel, where my little girl took her first merry-go-round ride.

I will say that it is a bit on the expensive side for a family. As of 3/09, It's $15 a head for anyone over 2 and $5 for parking. If you're in the area and plan to visit more than 3 times a year, the membership is worth it.

The toughest part? Getting my daughter to leave. It wasn't pretty. :-)
Our 4 year old (who has been coming since she was 2) loves it here. What chilkd wouldn't?  There is so miuch for kids to do here.  It's great! We are members.
Free parking outside of the museum, decent prices, and an awesome places for kids!

You are better off bringing your own food and water.
Well, this is a change - 99% of my reviews are about food and craft beer.
I work with children and was fortunate enough to get to go to Please Touch for a field trip (and got paid to do it! Hahaa the sweet life!).  Since I have no children of my own, I was definitely grateful for an excuse to go to Please Touch :-D
It was excellent!  We had a large group of 3-5 year olds and found that there was lots to do for our kiddos.  They loved the carousel, the water play area, and the grocery store.  The carousel is a full-sized indoor carousel with moving horses and a few stationary bench seats.  The water area is very large and has many great interactive and cause-effect water features as well as boats and duckies to play with.
The grocery store is very big and has several shelves that the kids navigated their mini shopping carts through before going to the check-out counters.  
There was definitely something for everyone - even adults.  There are display shelves throughout the museum that feature toys from all different generations.  1950's Mr. and Mrs. Potato head (that you use with REAL potatoes!), N'Sync dolls, several Barbies, Star Trek toys, etc.
If I had children, I'd be back.  Maybe I can borrow my niece just so I can have an excuse to go back ;-)  It was awesome!
My daughter had a great time.  From the Alice in Wonderland exhibit to great big kitchen where she whipped us up whatever came to her head with a large assortment of fake food-she was in kiddie heaven.  

There was even some fun stuff for us to help her with like the rocket room.  I was very impressed with the Statue of Liberty flame and elephant that were put together with recycled toys and other goods.  It was also neat to see the display of old toys that were a blast from the past for me.  I really miss playing with my Lite Brite.
Thanks Yelp for reminding me to review this place. I heard about it on my certifiedkids app. The building is gorgeous!!  What struck me is- for being a kids place the volume wasn't out of control. Also, it was CLEAN. No weird smells. Grime. Nothing. Just a cool museum. I also appreciated that we didn't have to exit through the gift shop. 

There was a little cafe with the kid staple food. The carousel was a lot of fun. Not a very long ride but perfect for the kids. My kid liked the foam block area and the little town downstairs. She also liked the train display. 

This place is fantastic for kids and parents. There were staff members around and the kids were having fun. I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for where to go with your kids!!
This place is five stars of fun if you've got a kid. I don't but my sister's toddler worked just fine. You'll just watch them explore the whole time anyway. Her picks: The Alice in Wonderland exhibit, playing nurse in the hospital and pretending to drive a SEPTA bus. My picks: Checking out all the vintage toys lining the walls in the Space exhibit and riding the refurbished carousel. The drive to Fairmount Park is definitely less convenient than hopping a cab to the old location in Center City but the museum, which now calls Memorial Hall home, is an amazing architectural work.
We took a road trip from the DC area to Philly to give the Please Touch Museum a go after hearing a lot about it from friends. Our visit took place on the Friday before Columbus Day weekend with myself, my hubby, and our two year old. 

Admission: We were fortunate to take advantage of their two free admissions per military ID (including spouse ID) so that all three of us got in for free. We paid $3 for our little one to have a ticket for the carousel. That's it. I have read of some people getting upset at the cost for the kids but it is after all a CHILDREN'S museum, and with the amount there is for them to do, I wouldn't complain at all. 

Parking: There was *plenty* of free street parking outside of the museum, no need to use their lot. 

Exhibits: We loved all of the different sections of the PTM! Our little one enjoyed the water area, grocery store, and Alice in Wonderland exhibits most. 

Carousel: Worth the $3. Beautiful and loved that they had security straps on the horses to loop around the kids.

Bottom line: Would I visit again if I were in Philly? Yes, mostly because it's free for my family. Definitely best for the younger crowd, I'd even say 6 and below.
I took my 20 month old daughter to this museum today. Admission tickets are $17 each (adults and kids over 1 are same price) but I got a groupon for $24 for 2 admission tickets and 2 carousel rides. We spent about 2 hours there and my daughter had a really good time. They have many activity rooms with one area decorated as Alice in Wonderland which was my favorite! I highly recommend this place for anyone with kids.
This place sucks! My daughter went on the carousel and got grease all over her shoe and on her. And the most insulting thing of all is they offered me was free carousel rides for the day. What a joke for ruining my daughter brand new shoes. The manager Tina can shove it! So if you want to get grease on yourself please feel free to come ride the carousel. I will never be coming back to this place or recommending it.
so much fun! even for adults. i want to go back without my neice and nephew, honestly. i stayed in the Alice in Wonderland section mostly, but there's about 10000 other things for kids to get into. my family stayed for about 5 hours and still didn't get to play on everything. the mini construction site was their favorite. seriously, such a great place to take your kids or kids you're babysitting, etc. all the kids there seemed so happy and entertained. i didn't notice one brat crying other than my nephew haha
As others have mentioned, this place is expensive (but worth it).

Admission is $19 pp, adults & kids (Under 1yr is free, but you might have 1-2mos of productive time before you have to pay for them) 
Carousel rides are $3 each, or $5 unlimited. Of course little ones need a parent (or both) riding along, so it adds up.
Parking is $12!
This is already at least $56 for one parent & one child!

To get the cost down, I did the following:
- Found a Groupon offer. It was a $200 Discovery family pass for $156 = 4 ppl, for 1yr. This includes free parking (1 car per visit), unlimited carousel rides, discounts to the cafe, & other perks.
- I also used a discount gift card website (Raise.com, but giftcardwiki.com works too) & that day's rate, gave me 9.5% off Groupon gift cards, which I used to pay for the deal.
- I then purchased on Groupon, by first clicking through my cashback program (BeFrugal.com, but there are many such programs that do this), which earned another 6% cash back on my $156 purchase.
- I'd also normally use a Groupon coupon code when buying, but this one had a daily deal already applied.
So I saved an additional $23.35! 

For under $133, I can go as often as I want for a year with two other adults, & up to 4 kids. Mom & Dad can go separately & take whomever, each time on the pass. The member entrance line is like business class at the airport. Kind of a no-brainer if you plan to visit more than once, or with one parent at a time.

For those who want to test drive, monthly first Wednesday is $2 admission for EVERYONE from 4-7pm. There are other discounts on their website. 

I avoid crowds at all cost (a general rule in how I set my life up), but now as a mom I also want to have space & time for my 1yo to go at toddler pace & explore, which is especially key at a museum. So we visited on a weekday once school was back in session, & we basically had the place to ourselves! There were just enough kids to make it interesting, & they were all preschoolers, which allowed my son age-appropriate companions.

I was surprised at all my 1yo was able to do. When prompted with a supportive environment, they bloom! It was defeating at first, in the water area, & the transportation room, b/c while he was fascinated looking, it was more imaginative play for older kids, & though my son is tall, he still could not reach the water exhibit. But after that, he was headlong into stuff. He could climb the slide, play with huge foam tinker toys, grab at wall puzzle fixtures, etc.

I think the carousel was my son's favorite. Our first trip, he was plain awestruck. I patted the horses & made neighing noises. He grabbed me when he saw the pig with fangs, & he did not want to put his hand in the horse's mouth like I did. But he got in the saddle, Mom hooked him up in his belt, & he was a cowboy at holding on & riding. He baby babbled about it the whole ride. I was beaming! At the end of our visit, he stared at the carousel lights, gleaming from the next room, & I knew he wanted to go again. Second round was more fun than the first. He still won't put his hand in the horse's mouth. IDK why I tried to teach him this!

For some reason my l/o could not stand the feeling of the rug in the Alice In Wonderland maze exhibit. He was recently like this with sand, so I hope it's a passing thing. It's a tactilely-oriented museum, & I appreciate the exposure for him, b/c comfort-zone growth is important!

The highlight of Mom's day was the market! The kids were so cute in there! All these tiny tots pushing shopping carts, throwing fake fruit in them (+Mac-n-cheese for my boy, his fave), & toddling to checkout. One older boy played cashier & rang up my son. LOL! So cute! I told Mr. Cashier I didn't have money to pay him, & he said, "It's okay, I got it!" Ha ha ha!

That market is the best! They have all the details, down to the WF pizza oven, & the signs telling you what's in each aisle! So cool!

One girl came dressed in a princess costume, which I am sure added to the fun of the day for her, & was a very cute idea. They do have costumes at many exhibits, though they are sized for about 6+yo, so it wasn't an option for my 1yo. It is a great touch, just wish they had smaller sizes.

All the parents I encountered were polite, courteous of others, & engaged with their kids. Staff were amazing! They have guides on hand, & also theatrical people, who engage kids in co-creating puppet shows at the mini theater downstairs, or lead them around in a march with drums & limbo contests with a pool noodle.

I can imagine this place is a total drag if you visit on a busy day. That said, I also think they have increased staff on hand, & additional programming running when more kids are there, so some aspects are a plus. I personally can't stand people everywhere, so I will need some kind of cocktail before attempting that kind of visit.

You know, after a 2.5hr visit, my son had had a blast, & I was grateful. Worth the money for sure!
I am looking forward to visiting them in their new locale on first wednesday! For all of 2009, first wednesdays of the month are 2bucks a head for everyone over the age of 2!
So the website says Please Touch would be great for 6 months until 8 years of age.  My son is 13 months and was getting trampled on by all of the older kids. I definitely don't think this should be a recommended age range. The toddler areas that are designated were not regulated on at all. People were allowing their 5+ year old kids in the toddler areas which makes no area of the museum good for kids younger than I would say 2 years. I had 4-5 year old kids running around trampling on my son who is still crawling. It was a waste of money on our end because we went based on what their website recommended. 

Overall the place seems fun for older kids and they have a lot of imaginary fun exhibits. I just would not recommend this place for kids under 2. There were some areas I thought were a bit run down and could use some upkeep.
Giving 1 star because of one of the old lady employee who came to tell me that I need to drink my coffee in the designated areas and I need to put my mask on. The problem is not what was said. I myself is very strict on wearing mask and respect if someone requires mask, but the way she said it was extremely rude. Their flyers only said about eating, nothing about drinking. If they were to communicate it the first time to someone who traveled all the way from Boston to visit this place, they could at least be neutral if not nice. Probably a privileged biased racist employee perhaps. Our son loved the place though.
