Cute little park, or at least it would be if it wasn't overrun with bratty preteen dope smokers as well as gruff bikers and greasers. Seriously, the stench coming off the Delaware at dusk is foul because of all these unsavory activities. Gross enough to keep me from ever going there in the evening again.

It's a small park, however the scenery is lovely considering its location. If you go when it's not crowded I can see this being a nice jaunt.  This would be a nice place for a picnic, or to bring a young child so they can play on the well maintained playground. Just don't expect to spend an entire day there, it's definitely not that kind of place. They have a walking trail but it only takes about ten minutes at most to circle it.

Could be nicer than it is, but this could be an enjoyable morning or early afternoon visit.
I've been coming to the park for a while now. Fun park located right on the Delaware river. Has a great playground for the kids and loading dock for your boats. Plenty of space to play games and hangout with friends and family. They have a few different paths that you can walk along and small pier that you can fish off of. Very nice and relaxing place to go to with friends and family.
Great place for kids and great river views. My only issue are the half drunken adults with their filthy mouths and the excessive litter
Went on Christmas nice any time of year. We weren't the only people there enjoying the peace
This is a nice park tucked away in what I call a corner. It seems to be always busy with families. I didn't even know about this place until I was told by someone else. They have ample things for kids to do and it is clean. I don't particularly go out of my way to come here but I enjoy watching my daughter have a blast whenever we do have the opportunity to grace this little place.
Childhood family hang out. All these years later I still retreat here. Great view of the river. Peaceful.
Great park with a playground for the kids and a lovely view of the Delaware River.
Peaceful & pleasant park with options for fishing, sitting and enjoying the water, gracefully walking around and even entertainment for kids. It's not vast but it's tucked in a place that can give you a break from the hustle and bustle of I-95 and state road.
I used to come here all the time growing up as a child and my dad took me here fishing as a kid so I always had great memories of this place, my then boyfriend and I would go here on nice summer evenings and walk around and be big kids on the playground it slowly became "our place" and he actually proposed to me here so now it is even extra special and we plan to have our engagement shots here as well. The park is nice grounds...people are people but its a nice space in Northeast Philly to enjoy nature!
This park is a hidden gem. I totally love how beautiful it is. You can view the Delaware River with such tranquility. There is a restaurant nearby but it doesnt overlook the waterfront exactly but behind the parking for the river. I cant wait to come back here. Great place to meditate.
I love this park from the playground to the dock where you can fish. There is a hatchery where they allow young children to fish. Guys with there old muscle cars meet and shoot the breeze. Always clean and a nice walk on the river
Nice park for the kids to either play on the jungle gym or throw rocks in the water, however there is a lot of trash still.
Reasons to NOT GO TO THIS PARK...
1. It's really really clean and I don't want trashy people finding it and destroying the common areas.
2. The bathrooms are immaculate compared to every park I've ever been to in MY LIFE! I wish it was that way every where a public toilet is available. 
3. There's a few really neat species of local wildlife in the park and I'd hate to see them scared off by idiots blaring radios and/or torturing them for sport.
4. If you're a Caucasian person who doesn't own or wear any sort of sunscreen and want to take a child to the playground on a sunny day. There are NO trees directly over (read SHADING) the play area.

All that being said, I thought this was an amazingly easy park to get to off the 95 North highway and my kids were thrilled to walk down by the water and watch people dropping their jet skis and boats off the dock into the Delaware. We even saw a few wood ducks and Canadian geese. I steered away from the standing water areas for fear of mosquitoes but was pleasantly surprised that there weren't any really bugging us on that sunny 90° day.
So many great memories hear especially the Fish hatcherys back in the day in the winter time going ice skating on the frozen pond.

Now it's a great Park to hangout with your kids enjoying some time and the playground. 

And just hangout play some baseball. Throw a football around do some fishing etc. 

Like how nice they made this.
Omg talk about peaceful!!! They have a playground for the kids with plenty of options to hang from. There is also access to the river. They have a fish hatchery where you can fish or just sit a spectate. Maggie's is close by if you want a little bite to eat. Great place for a picnic or walk in the park. They also have a trail.
