Visited: Saturday - January 24, 2015 - 6:30 PM 

In the former location of the Wooden Indian Tobacco Shop is Pollyodd Fine Liqueur. The web site defines Pollyodd as an Italian colloquialism for inebriation - as in, "I'm sooo Pollyodd!" 

I had finished dining at a nearby restaurant and noticed that Pollyodd was open. The employee explained the two types of liqueurs - water or cream based. 5 are water based and 5 are cream based "cellos". I sampled the cream sample version termed Lemoncreamcello then the water version termed Lemoncello. I purchased a bottle of the Lemoncreamcello because of the richer, full-bodied, texture and flavor.

The employee recommended freezing the cream based cellos to maximize freshness but assured that the contents would not freeze due the presence of alcohol. Alcohol by volume is 20% (40 proof). Refrigeration is an option however, I placed the bottle into the freezer. The contents remain fluid.

The other Pollyodd store is in South Philadelphia. Pollyodd products are also available at wine and spirit stores. Check the Pollyodd web site for additional details. 

"Salute"!
What a minute!  A liquor store in PA that is not a state store!  What gives?

Actually, did you know that only nine PA distilleries are allowed to open their own stores and these folks were the first with a store in South Philly?  This Havertown location is the second.

What a minute again!  I've bought their fine Lemoncello from my local PLCB store several times.  Why should I visit here?  Actually there are three reasons.

1. The PLCB only carries the Lemon and Chocolate flavored "Cellos" but the company offers a total of ten flavors.  You can purchase the others here like a delicious Mangocello.

2. At the store you can sample any and all flavors for FREE! .

3. Not all PLCB stores carry the product but the company is working on that.

This store is generally closed Monday and Tuesday so stop by in the afternoon or evening Wednesday through Saturday.  You're in for a treat when you sample one of their cream-based flavors like Orangecreamcello!
I've known Joanie (the owner) since I was an embryo and, for as long as I can remember everyone around her has sung the praises of the various cellos she's produced throughout the years.  To see her finally receive recognition for it and open up a store of her own is fantastic.

Lemon, Lime, Chocolate, Orange and now available - cream flavors (the banana is deeevine) will knock your socks off.  Pollyodd products are just one of those things that can speak for themselves.  So, the next time you happen to be up the Avenue for dinner, or are trying to think of something new and exciting make a stop at Pollyodd. You won't regret it!
friggin yummy awesome. i love the story and love the product. such a great gift to give for any occasion or to bring to a party instead of wine. i love that pollyodd is in 120 state stores and that they give back to kids in the neighborhood with some of the profits. this will now be my one stop gift shop. xoxo
Pollyodd, something odd and strangely unique to Philly, and East Passyunk in particular. What could be more local than Joanie, a character at the best of times and funny as heck, serving up a variety of what are basically home made flavored Limoncellos? The variety of flavors makes them excellent mixers for home made cocktails (try a shot of the lime cello with a shot of lime juice and fill with champagne, or use the chocolate cello for a vodka or gin chocolate martini) or on their own simply ice cold (if desperate then poured over ice in a wine glass works just fine). These things are slightly less addictive than heroin. And a lot better for you. 

Not as strong as the local stuff in Sorrento, but still packing a decent punch at 24%, these are great go to offerings that we keep in the ridge for guests from out of town. Drunk with, or instead of, desert they make an excellent finish to any meal. And you are supporting a local business that gives right back to the community. There's nothing better for a relaxed evening than to stop by Joanie's, buy a cello or two for the summer (or holidays. Or weekend. Or whatever) then stroll down to Bing Bing or any of the other great E Passyunk eateries. 

Try it. You'll like it.
I don't know why it has taken me so long to write this review- but I FREAKING LOVE THIS PLACE! 

Joanie makes the best cellos and they're all natural and taste amazing. Please come here and try her flavor of the month (it changes) and fall in love. Everything I have tried is a win. A true gem on East Passyunk.
Only bought the water-based lemon and chocolatecello-both were excellent. Not as strong as some of the homemade stuff I've had but for a mainstream product, quite nice. Price was reasonable and service was great (patient, good backstory). Would go again.
Pollyodd is an interesting little store! I walked by a few times before I ever noticed it but its since been one of my favorite places along East Passyunk. 

The owner Joanie is always very pleasant and happy to see new customers. She peels the fruits by hand in their factory daily and then opens the shop at night.  Her knuckles are swollen from her hard work! But she wouldn't have it any other way. 

The Lemoncello also comes in lime, orange, coffee, and cream varieties. She says its all natural but I still can't figure out what exactly the other ingredients are. 

Works well on cake, ice cream, or mixed with something a little stronger. Tastes great... And makes good sense in this Italian neighborhood. ;)
