Fun facts:
-  Called Pretzel Park for two reasons:
a) The sidewalks of the park are twisted like a Pretzel. 
b) There used to be a pretzel vendor in the park for many years.
-  It was called Manayunk Park since it was created back in 1929, and it took the city until 2004 to finally change the name officially to Pretzel Park.
-  Many scenes from the movie Unbreakable with Bruce Willis and Samuel L. Jackson. 
-  A lovely dog park.

Three and Half Yelps.
Well since it looks like I have some explaining to do, I may as well kick it off with one of my favorite Homer Simpson quotes that best sums it up -

"Here's to alcohol: the source of, and answer to, all of life's problems."

Because of Alcohol there comes a time where you might find yourself having to help a friend walk down two incredibly vast hills and the longest flight of suicide stairs that you ever witnessed, as he flails his $300 sunglasses and weaves tales that you can't even begin to grasp all the way. There also comes a time where because of it you magically see a regular bush materialize into a perfectly tan set of buns. and as you start to sober up a little bit you realize that you were caught in the act of staring at someone when they were in an awkward squatting position for over a minute. And when that happens you have to go back and tell your friends about no matter what nickname it earns you (I've earned nicknames for reasons far worse that I'll plead the fifth on.). And yet while all of the above are situations that can go horribly wrong, they manage to go horribly right.

I'm nowhere near the lengthy wordsmith that Aaron is. But luckily since he summed up the whole adventure smashingly I don't need to be. He's dead on about it being a fine blend of Rittenhouse Square and Logan Circle (with a little bit of *ahem* Clark Park added in). And it's named for a statue that makes me wish that I had a giant cup of dipping mustard handy. And all of that, and the many adventures that it weaves is enough to make Pretzel Park pretty impressive.
My pup loves this park! There's quite a distance for his Pitbull legs to sprint back and forth and even if there's 10 dogs there's room to frolic. I'd assume if you are the owner of a dog who truly needs to RUN everyday, this park might seem small but my Pit is a fan of short sprints, sniffing, and romping so he's ok here. 

I've taken him here a few times now, different days and time, and always ran into really nice dogs and owners.

My only gripe is the odd stone wall that is a foot off the ground at some points, yet at least a five foot drop to the ground on the other side. 

Just keep an eye the dogs don't jump up on the wall or chase a ball over it.
Great farmers market! Fun playground with equipment for kids of all ages. Summer usually has a couple fun events as well.
Best dog park around- it's fenced in and is very close. There is a water fountain for dogs and a double gate. Poop bags are provided. 
This is about the only Open area in a very congested neighborhood. There is a crew that cleans the park on a regular basis to remove trash etc. 
during the summer there is a farmers market that operates there along with N bands that play throughout the summer.
For all that Manayunk offers, ample outdoor space isn't quite one of them.  Pretzel Park attempts to address that need.  It offers a cute little dog park area surrounded by a bit of green space and even throws in a playground.  Since I'm not a little kid anymore, physically at least, I'll have to take the rare usage of the playground as a sign that it might not be all that it is supposed to be.  The dog park is pretty sweet, but since that has its own review, I'll exclude major comments on it here.  That leaves the green.  Well, something is certainly better than nothing.  Besides, if you are going to have a sculpture of an everyday object, what better than a Pretzel?
On one hand this is a great shady park to relax at.  People seem to love the dog park too.  I don't have a dog so i wouldn't know. On the other I hate this park's playground. It is in desperate need of new equipment and the ground has giant ankle breaking gaps in it. Not the best place for little kids to be running around. It surely has potential to be much better.  There are fun activities set up during nice weather and the farmers market on Saturdays.
I really like this park. We walk through here all the time to and from Main Street. It is clean and feels pretty well taken care of. There is a large grassy area to picnic or chill in the sun in the summer. There is also a playground for kids and we see families in the park often so it definitely gets use which is nice. There is a farmers market here on Saturdays, too. The dog park is small to medium size but there is room enough for my large and medium sized dogs to really run. Watch out if your dog is a jumper though because the stone wall on one side is a bit low. Once my dog jumped right over the wall to chase a squirrel. Luckily she jumped right back in when I called her!
Very well kept and a safe park! They hold farmers markets here on Saturday mornings, and other events occasionally as well. There is a fenced in dog park area as well. The community does a great job maintaining this park!
Cute park to stop & relax a bit with maybe a good book.  It looks quite old but nicely manicured.  

I liked the old stone building in the park & thought the stairs were beautiful leading to it.  The were a shimmering slate & looked as though they had seen a lot of feet!  The pretzel monument let us know we were in the right place.
I take my dog here every day on our run. I'm so happy it's here. Watch the low wall on the one side.
