This is the original location of Primo's Hoagies! When you come here you can expect that old school South Philly hospitality. It's a tiny, no frills take out only corner shop selling really tasty hoagies (not subs for those out of towners). I actually think this particular location is the best out of all that we've tasted. 

What makes Primos hoagies so delicious is the perfectly crispy, toasted original Primo's Brand rolls. It's all in the roll if you ask me. 

If you're not sure what to order, you can't go wrong with a classic Italian. Hubs go-to is the 'Chicken Diablo' and I prefer 'Nonna's Veggie'. It's absolutely incredible! Breaded eggplant, roasted red peppers and broccoli rabe with sharp provolone. They will leave it off if you're dairy-free and I feel even then, it doesn't miss a beat. 

The sammies are reasonably priced and ready fairly quickly although there's definitely a steady lunch crowd around noon or so. Heading here at a slightly off time is your best bet especially for a legal parking spot also! Don't you dare block the street! 

Knocking off a star for their hours. They close at 4pm or whenever they run out of rolls. I can definitely appreciate them wanting to keep the rolls fresh but there have been many a times when we wanted to grab and easy dinner from here and it was impossible. That inconvenience is a total bummer. We would probably order from here a lot more often if their hours were more conducive to our schedule.
Primo's Hoagies is a chain of sandwich shops that originated here on Ritner st I love their Hoagies!! They start with the great seeded Sarcone Roll, Italian meats and Cheeses and fresh lettuce, tomato's and onion and their sandwiches are constructed very neatly so that you get a taste of everything in each bite. I like how they have Cheese, Pepperoni, and Olives for sale there to nosh on.
The legends of Primo Hoagies are true! It really is out of this world! You can get a variety of primo sized hoagies for around 6-8 bux, and they're just amazing! The bread is very fresh, and the meat is plentiful and awesome! To get a memorable experience with a hoagie, head over to Primo Hoagies!
This place is great. It feels like a small, family-owned neighborhood business. I expected their customer service to totally suck, but the girl working there was super nice.

The hoagies are pretty good. And although the bread is delicious, I think the hoagies are a little too bready if you know what I mean and mine was a little on the dry side. But the upside to that is if you don't finish yours in one sitting you can easily go back and eat some more without it being all gross and soggy.

Of course, this was my first time there and I made the mistake of ordering a whole hoagie. This thing is enormous--seriously it's like three hoagies in one. I normally have an embarassing appetite and it was too much for me.

One star removed for the breadiness and the fact that I called my order in, went 45 minutes later and still had to wait for my order.
I love making sandwiches at home. Not to toot my own horn but I make a pretty damn good sandwich, however Primo's sandwiches are probably the best I ever had. When I first moved to Philly 3 months ago, I thought I would be enjoying the great cheesteaks, but Primo's has been the biggest surprise of all. 

I am starting to go once a week.

The best part of this place is this family who owns it. They are always prompt, courteous and probably the friendliest group of people I have ever met.

Edit: my personal favorite is the Chicken Diablo... I actually get the Whole sub... this is not for people who cant handle spicy. I am asian and love spicy food and i have to say this is really spicy...
I had the old Italian hoagie and the pasta salad. I give the hoagie a 3.5 and the pasta a 3.0. The staff was friendly and the service was prompt.
Just thinking about these hoagies makes me want to get on a plane. I am so sad that I live all the way in Dallas now and it will be a while before I am able to get another Bada Bing-chicken cutlet with broccoli rabe and cheese. YUMMY and my other favorite is the Primo-Prosciutto and fresh sliced mozzarella balls and roasted red peppers. Get the largest size you can, eat as much as you can before you start to fell uncomfortable and then put it in the fridge. Let it age a few hours (if you can resist) and you will find it gets better with time. 
The entertainment part is when you go in and listen to the banter between co-workers and customers. Just about everyone is a regular and if your not you are still called "honey" or "darling".  I always felt like I was a stranger who snuck into someones house and was listening outside of their kitchen to family hour. That's what gives this place it's fifth star, it's as real as it gets and with everything homogenized these days it's so refreshing to see, hear and smell. 
Parking can be a battle but no one will mind if you triple park and you are in and out so quick you really don't get tied up. Oh, and try going on a Sunday when the eagles are playing, just so you can walk through the neighborhood and listen to the game on every ones TV.
I'm from north nj and I alway swore we had the best pizza and subs.  I am officially changing that to hoagies.  I had the most amazing turkey and american cheese in my whole life today.  The bread was extremely fresh. There was alot of meat the perfect amount of lettuce n onions and the hoagie wasnt drenched or vinegar and mayo it was just right.  I will definately be ordering from here atleast once a week this made me happy!!!
Not much to say. Best Hoagie in the USA!! Friendly and professional staff. This is the original location and I still think it's better than the rest.
Always fresh and the best! Wonderful staff that is always there like a family! I wished they had later hours but I make there or just wait until the next day. I ate from here during my entire pregnancy and never had an issue. I now bring my children (toddlers) and they love it too!
Place is very disappointing anymore, staff is rude along with the old man who delivers very rude....every time you order I guarantee they mess the order up!
