First, be warned - the name is misleading! It's less punk rock and more hipster, but that doesn't mean you can't find some cool band t-shirts and other punk rock things. Music, jewelry, crafts, old video games, and of course clothes are just some of the things you will find.

My favorite purchases were a vintage collared mens t-shirt that says BOB for $10, and a black Michael Kors dress for $5. There was also a booth selling sample clothes, and I found a great cardigan for work in my size (which is rare, since most samples are extra-tiny, and I'm a size 12). I also bought my mom a beautiful silver and amethyst necklace for her birthday that she LOVES.

It's arranged with clothes in mainly one section, jewelry in another, and knick-knacks in another. This makes it easier to navigate and find the things you're after. Food and beverages are mostly in trucks outside, but the lines tend to be crazy-long, so I'd recommend planning to do lunch elsewhere.

Some suggestions: 
1. Bring a bag (one of those reusable grocery bags, or an IKEA bag, depending on how much you plan to buy)
2. Bring plenty of cash, because not all vendors are credit card-capable.
3. Bring water - it can get hot and sweaty in there!
4. Ladies, wear shorts and a tank top and shoes you can slip on and off if you're planning to buy clothes. Most vendors don't have a changing area, so if you want to try stuff on you should be prepared to slip it over what you're wearing.
I love selling at the PRFM!!!  Yeah, it's completely manic.  But, the $ is fabulous and setup is cheap.  And, there are so many interesting people!  Have to admit, I love a good people watching experience.  

In my 5 years of selling at the PRFM, this is what I've learned:

* Get your tables as early as possible.  Tables, especially business tables, tend to sell out quickly.

* If you have clothing racks, make sure you request an end or side table in advance via email to R5.  If not, you'll be SOL!

* Always come at least 15 min. earlier than called.  Good parking is limited and essential if you have lots of junk to haul!

* Bring sandwiches and/or snacks and lots of water!  Food & beverage isn't cheap, and you don't want to end up spending the $$ you make.

* Bring friends.  I sell vintage clothing, and let me tell you, setting up by oneself is awkward, difficult, and takes way too long.  As soon as the doors open you will have people all over you, looking at your stuff, bumping into you, and it will be unbearably crowded.  You do not want to still be setting up at that time! Plus, you might need a bathroom or sanity break.  Did I mention it's crowded??

* Every year people swipe some stuff (and I watch my table like a hawk).  It's gonna happen.  Some people suck.  Be prepared to deal with it.

* PRFM shoppers are not looking to spend a lot of $$.  Don't bring a ton of expensive stuff.  You won't make anything.

That's about it for sellers.

Advice for buyers:

* Arrive early.  You'll have less chance of standing in line forever!

* Bring cash and lots of it.  There are no ATMs close by.  Also, bring small bills.  I make sure to get change, but lots of sellers don't.  

* Bring a big a** bag!  Lots of sellers do not have bags for you.

* Be prepared to find the best merchandise ever!!!  My Mom bought a pair of shoes for $5 that ended up on the Antiques Roadshow.  No lie.  Valued at $800 to $1000 at auction.


Last piece of advice for buyers and sellers alike.....  If you get easily claustrophobic or have a fear of being crushed by hoards of pre-pubescent hipsters, better sit this one out.
Hot. Sweaty. Cramped. But still very cool. Need some records? How about some dresses your Aunt Doris might have worn back in '73? There were also plenty of vendors there with cool jewelry, awesome tees and lovely original artwork. I only wish I could have dealt with the crowds better - trying to walk around was next to impossible, and just as many other places I've written about, the elbow to the boob factor was very high. 

However, it was a treat to see so many familiar Yelp faces, including those who came out to help. If it weren't for you guys, I would have surely had a heatstroke, passed out and woken up to a looted booth with hundreds of Yelp tote bags and beer cozies missing!
Set up Yelpshop at this weekend's punk rock flea market. Sitting for hours in a day can really wear on you, but thankfully, all the colorful people who stopped by kept my co-Yelper and I completely engaged and entertained. The experience made me love Philly all the more. 

Where else can you find funky craftspeople with interesting goods to offer? There's been a lot of commotion because of overcrowding at previous PRFMs, but this weekend seemed to flow rather smoothly. Sure it was hot, but never felt like I was stuffed in a hairy man's armpit. That's saying a lot. 

Looks like times are really tough for some folks out there. I saw a guy walk out with a brand new Nintendo DS with games for $30. I gave my friend $5 to scour the floor and buy me a present. She came back with a caricature of my dog. Best gift ever. 

If you missed out on this weekend's sale, make sure you check out the next one. It's the perfect place to find cheap and random gifts for friends.
This summers flea market didn't hook as crazy a haul as the other ones have. But then again during other Punk Rock Flea Markets I've found such treasures as a Day Of The Dead themed hoodie, and The Pop Up Book Of Phobias! But I did manage to score a snazzy red vintage shirt, 2 dope pairs of pants for $4, a book on the life of R. Crumb, a random Freddie Mercury T shirt that I probably won't be able to pull of but had to try anyway, a cool graphic novel, and a crazy pinkple shirt for THE BRAIN GUARDIAN (I have no idea what the Brain Guardian is either, but it's amazing!!). So I still made out like a bandit.

But for the second time ever I got to help out at the Yelp Table, and I have the swank new T shirt to show for it (it is dope!). I had a great time holding the fort down with Monica and passing out some free goodies. And I got to meet some new Yelpers that I haven't had the chance to meet before, as well as some familiar faces (Sorry I wasn't quick to say hello when you hit up the table mighty Ben B. I was catching up with Sean Agnew at the same time. making for the random Lower Merion trifecta.). So overall it was another winner.
Yes, it is really $3 to get a shot at investigating 200 vendors' worth of vinyl, vintage clothes, T-shirts, funky housewares, handmade jewelry and artwork, and thousands of other unique consumer items at the bi-annual Punk Rock Flea Market. 

Your $3 donation goes to keep R5 Productions' all ages shows, which they have been producing for more than a decade, a reality.  That cash pays for the hefty insurance policy required to stage all-ages shows.  If you loved going to shows when you were a minor, you'll be fine with sharing that privilege with younger music-lovers. 

Vegan baked goods, handmade poetry chapbooks, a gorgeous maxi dress for $15 -- it's all here at the Flea.  One enterprising screenprinting outfit was even offering $3 T-shirt enhancements -- just hand them the shirt off your back or out of you bag to have it screen-printed with a cool owl, a totally offensive Mel Gibson quote, or an image of the earth emblazoned with Respect Your Mother. 

It's always hot at the summer Flea.  You gotta deal with it if you want to get them deals!
Here's why I was the most rebellious person at the Punk Rock Flea Market- I was wearing khaki shorts and a navy tee. That's right- I dressed like the suburban mom I am and in this hot, sweaty, tattoed, pierced, dyed and dressed to the nines in "vintage" crowd, I actually stand out. That and the fact that I dragged my SG and 7 of our 8 kids plus my formerly punk neighbor, her two kids and her husband who had to leave in the middle to go to work.

No only was I wearing my khaki, I was carrying my son and had my youngest daughter clinging to me for dear life.

Why , might  you ask, did I do this and drag our kids? Because it was fun damnit.  I might have been sweating to death but our kids loved it too. All of the girls, including my neighbor, bought vintage beaded purses and jewerly. My littlest girl picked out cat eyes pink sunglasses. My son ate vegan cookies. The oldest girls picked out prints. Everybody smiled at each other through the heat and kept pulling out treasures.

CDs, records,tapes even, my SG was in Heaven. 

Okay, so the guys at the door offered to sell my stroller when I parked it off to the side. And did I mention it was hot? But well worth the experience and the adventure.
I consider this one of the best times of the year (this and Carnival of the Dogs!). BRING LOTS OF CASH. I think I ran into maybe one or two vendors that actually took credit cards but I'm not sure. Cash is a lot easier, though, especially with all the $1 clothing bins. Speaking of which, ARRIVE EARLY. My sister and I get a lot of clothes there and there is always a couple tables where we look for clothes. The best part about buying clothes here is that there are clothes that are not only NICE (as in, not crappy granny clothes) but they can FIT SMALL PEOPLE! Aside from the clothes there are some GREAT CRAFT TABLES with items like felt puppets, handmade leather bags, hip wallets with radio designs (I Like It Too Too) and cute handmade dolls! Also, don't forget there are lots of CHEAP USED CDs and DVDs!
despite there being anything remotely "punk rock" about me, i very much enjoyed my first PRFM experience (spring 2011), as can be evidenced by items purchased:

  (1) pair of "used" sneakers (you can tell by the pristine tread that 
        these bad boys were never worn) - $10

  (1) purple plastic flower ring (gets compliments galore) - $5  

  (1) sunni gummi gummi bear figurine (it was name your own price 
        and i prolly could've gotten it for a quarter had i asked) - $1 

  (1) blown glass, uh...um, sculpture (art is money) - $25 

  (2) scoops of little baby's ice cream (bourbon bourbon  
       vanilla & peanut butter maple tarragon) - $4

oh, and it costs $3 to get inside, which i was happy to pay to support r5 and have so much cool vending in one [hot] place. i'll surely be hitting up future fleas of the punk rock variety and hope to score some equally awesome stuffs.
This was my second year at the Punk Rock Flea Market.  Last year I got there in the afternoon and it was crowded, but not overly so.  

This year, I arrived early.  There were more tables than last year, and double the people.  I was so glad that they served beer; I needed it to handle these crowds.  Every time I tried to navigate a row, I'd see at least one person, eyes wide with fear, saying something like, "Oh my god, I should have tried the next aisle" or, in one case, "this [row] was the worst mistake of my life."  Maybe next year they can find a larger venue?  That would be cool.  Otherwise, claustrophobes beware.

If you must, must, MUST get that rare recording of your favorite band member before they joined the band and recorded experimental noise paired with sounds of the rain forest, and you must have it on vinyl, then get here early.  But if you just want to browse the hipster crafts and see what cool junk people are selling, wait a few hours.  By the time I left, the crowd was more manageable.

All that said, it's a fun time.  Bring a friend, buy a drink, and find some super cool, one of a kind gifts.  Or just get great stuff for yourself.  Nice handmade journals, knit and felted clothing and jewelry, and some of the funkiest lazy susans you'll ever see.
This was probably the weakest experience at PRFM. I was saddened that my favorite booth wasn't there and I didn't walk out with at least 3 bags of clothes. I realize that in my previous review, I failed to mention something important, the INTENSE HEAT AND OVERCROWDING. It's an environment normal for this event and it's something every first timer should know. 

I noticed tasty treats on some tables and I have ONE COMPLAINT/REQUEST. As I said before, the place is cramped, sweaty, and gross, PLEASE keep your cupcakes covered? As much as I want to try your delicious treats, the atmosphere of PRFM is nauseating, I want to protect my sweets :) 

Not so much a complaint but... where was the woman who made felt hand puppets? PRFM needs more cute! 

Best find was a Quimby Mouse toy that my boyfriend loves. I was also on the search for a fanny pack and found a nice one at a handmade table (they labeled it a "hip pouch"). Nice! I did raid the clothing bin at the scrapple table so that sort-of satisfied my need for cheap clothes that fit.
With the pandemic, I don't know if this event runs any more. 

My friend V. loves thrift shops and what she calls 'treasure hunting.' Having grown up poor and being forced to wear way too big, tooth achingly ugly winter coats from Goodwill that I'd 'grow into,' hideous polyester button down shirts that a pimp wouldn't touch, scratchy, pill-y wool sweaters reeking of camphor, high water generic blue jeans and summer shorts I would not put on a dog in a clown show, I assiduously avoid things like this. 

V. was insistent that I would 'go wild' over this flea market because 'it won't be like anything else you've ever been to!!!' I had my doubts about that but you make concessions for friends. We paid our $3 entrance fee and strolled around. 

Most of the vendor tables had things that were of no interest to me; old playing cards, glassware that was (presumably) collectible, vintage tattoo flash, old silver plate and older, tarnished sterling silver tableware, racks of *shudder* vintage clothing and shoes, most of which had seen better days. There were some well curated tables of antique jewelry and antique beaded bags at very non-bargain prices and a few tables of what I can only call culled pieces from cabinets of curiosities-moth eaten taxidermied items and non-p.c. tourist trash. For the most part, the vendors we encountered were bored seeming or down right rude. The people watching was far better than anything for sale. 

After 2 hours here, V. bought a very large, ornate dusty rose colored tassel. I asked what she planned to do with it. Her response? 'Do you want it, Warren?' Uhh-that would be NO. I bought nothing. V. wanted to take another spin around the place so I opted to go out to her car to sit and read, telling her to take her time. 

Another 2 hours passed. She returned empty handed, other than the tassel, to the car. 

Would I go back? Nope. Should you go if the flea market opens again? It's $3 and maybe an hour or 2 out of your life. You could spend that time and money in worse ways.
Any of the punk rock flea markets in the area are hit or miss with me. You have to dig through some hipster stuff to find the real gems. That being said, there are always a great handful of vendors I love. Sometimes they can be a bit pricey, depending on the items, but there's usually a reason for it.

Lots of delicious baked goods and amazing food trucks! I love food trucks so there's a draw there for me personally.
Finally got around to going to this little annual flea market, etsy-live, roasting-a- turkey-hot event.  Got in later in the afternoon, so I don't know if most of the good wares were already pilfered, but I still managed to snag some sweet vinyl for $2 a pop and some gorgeous handmade re-worked vintage jewelry (September mornings, you created a necklace for the ages that I will wear all year-round!) for half the cost of similar items found elsewhere. 

I probably would have bought more if it weren't for the stiffling, almost incapacitating heat and the fact that I emptied my cash on the items I got there.  Crowd was calm, the tunes spun were rad, and deals were definitely to be had.  With your $3 going to R5's operating costs, the whole shin-dig begs a return visit for next year.
Who in their right mind complains about the $3 cover? Its all to a good cause. r5 productions use amazing spaces, bring fantastic music, and always pay bands well. Suck it up and pay the $$. PS its a donation - so if you are REALLY that cheap, you can just go in.

I always wish I had $1000 or more to spend everytime I come - but alas, I usually don't have more than $30.

Oh punk rock flea market, I wish you were monthly.
Hot, sweaty, smelly, crowded....but still cool.

This was my first venture to the Punk Rock Flea Market, and although I could have dealt without the foot stomping and used toasters there were stills tons of great crafters I had been looking forwards to getting some things from! I wound up dropping some hard earned cash on vendors like GeekboyPress and Ghosticorn and also picked up a couple of dollar movies and a cool thrift-ed T-Shirt. 

It was worth the bike ride up in the 90-something heat, but the beer wasn't worth my $3 so we headed out a little early to get some free beer at our house!
Todays steals included a 1st edition Douglas Coupland book, A copy of Spirited Away on DVD, A copy of Boogie Nights that I snagged for $1 (Sweet!), and a perfectly random T shirt with an egg man (snowman? planet Man?) smoking a pipe and an angry cloud of smoke rising out of the pipe telling him to "Get Off It Fool!". Not a bad haul for $13 if I say so myself.

The summer flea market was it's usual cramped and sweaty self. But the usual great buys were there and so were plenty of cool people. I also had a pretty fun time helping out the Yelp Table and meeting a lot of familiar people.
Oh Punk Rock Flea Market how I  love thee. I can't wait until Saturday afternoon when I'll be filing into your overcrowded and tightly packed ball room (at least I'll be able to get a drink if and when it becomes too much of a hassle). Because it's the holiday season I probably won't be able to afford the lifetime R5 concert pass that I've been dreaming of. but at least I'll be able scrounge and get among other things: a much needed scarf, dirt cheap albums, another cross to go with the collection I started last time I was here, books, vegan baked goods, and a hell of a lot more. and this time around I might even get the chance to shave Sean Agnew's beard any way I want if I'm the highest bidder.
Seriously though I love the Flea Market most because it goes towards the music. whatever money R5 makes goes right to the many concerts they put on throughout the year. and hell, they manage to put on some of the best. So if you ever had as good a time at one as I have, then go to the Starlight Ballroom and get ready to get your last minute Christmas shopping on.
I'm not a personal-space-get-out-of-my-bubble fanatic; but cramped, dark, and loud is not my ideal shopping environment.

I love the idea of Punk Rock Flea Market. I love the merchandise. I love the vibe. I love the people. I love the prices. 

I do not love the lumbering, lurching jumble of persons that prevents someone my size from getting a good look at the items displayed, nevermind trying to catch a vendor's eye and make an actual purchase. 

Smushed, stepped on, blocked when I wanted to go and swept along when I wanted to browse, I was not a satisfied shopper. 

Let's do this outdoors, okay?
The Spring Fever edition of the Punk Rock Flea Market was a hit, if you're asking me. There were tons of vendors with items to rifle through and tons of people there to do that rifling. Amid the seas of flea market folk we even had the happy fortune of briefly meeting a friendly fellow yelper :)

My good ole buddy husband and I scored random purchases a-plenty. Between the both of us it was a mighty haul. We bought three records from some dude's dad's collection, a cool crafty hand painted record to put up on the wall, some more big earrings cause I have a big earring problem, a hummingbird feeder, new-in-package ear-buds cause otherwise eeew, and some buttons and pins, just cause...ya know... and all this and we still had plenty of drinkin money left in our pockets. 

It was so crowded, sticky and steamy, but it was a lot of fun flea-marketing and so so worth it cause now we can fight over who gets to wear this beauty-  a WWF pin that shows Kamala the Ugandan Giant crushing an opponent while his manager pleas in a conversation bubble, "No Kamala! Him not dinner!" 

You know, for dressing up on those classy occasions.
Were you at the Punk Rock Flea Market this weekend? I was. On Saturday. My boyfriend and I braved the snow on Saturday morning to get out before it got worse and we stopped by. So many hipsters! So much stuff! I thought it was pretty cool, even though all I made off with was a $3 copy of American Psycho from a guy I could tell never read any other Bret Easton Ellis books and looked at me like I was out of my mind when I said I was getting it to "complete my collection".

My boyfriend got the 4-disc Nuggets box set for $15 and he was ELATED. Evidently this is the steal of the century. In the car, he was holding up the cds and grinning like he just won the lottery and that picture pretty much summed up his feelings on the whole trip. Lots of cheap, interesting goods. Also, I saw some sellers tipping a few drinks back at about 11am. I cannot and WILL NOT argue with that kind of spirit!

I didn't go on Sunday because my car was blocked in its spot by a 2-foot wall of snow (thanks, plows) but I wanted to. I can't wait 'til the next one.
Punk Rock Flea Market is one of  my favorite things about Philadelphia. Make sure you get there early before everything is picked over - I try and get there about 1hour after it opens. This is an awesome place to pick up vintage stuff - I've gotten amazing stuff here for ridiculously low prices. Also, if you go to the r5 website, you can see a list of exactly who is going to be there, and what they're selling. Sucks it's only twice a year, though.
The Punk Rock Flea Market was pretty true to its name this weekend as I felt immensely out of place lacking appropriate punk-ish attire. No matter, Philly Yelp had hooked me up with free admission (yay!) so I concluded that I was here to shop and not be seen and I barreled forth. 

There were about four aisles of vendors with no two vendors alike stocking racks and boxes of used clothing + shoes + accessories, baked goods (vegan and non), vintage or handmade jewelry, zines, knitting goods and accessories, camera parts, concert posters, books, records, tapes, and cds galore! 

I wasn't in the mood or the market for new clothing but am always on the lookout for crafty or homemade items - I zeroed in on a mini goals chalkboard by Mary Kate McDevitt and then became so indecisive over earring options at another table that I had to leave empty-handed (let's just say I fought my capitalist urges to give this tragedy a punk rock gloss?). 

Tunes were played and things were a little steamy, but not unbearably so, and were I not in a total food coma from the brunch I had just been at I would have sidled up to the bar to grab a drink before I perused the booths. Thumbs up Philly Punk Rock Flea Market-ers, I'd love to see you down in DC!
The new venue for the Punk Rock Flea Market is huge. It felt as big as an airplane hangar. But I felt bad for the kids using the port-a-potties when you could use indoor plumbing across the street. The Starlight Ballroom was an oasis of seating, air conditioning, and alcohol. 

As a browser and not a vendor, I had the luxury of popping outside when the heat got to be too much. I was overwhelmed by the number of tables and the pleading eyes and hangdog expressions of the sellers. It was too much humanity for me and unlike last year, I didn't buy anything. I'm a terrible person, but I did contribute $3 to the cause.

Next year, I promise to bring a wad of singles and will distribute them broadly.

In sum, Punk Rock Flea Market = *****  Me, lame buyer = 0 stars
i love everything about this flea market except the location! why such a small place? I heard they had less tables this past one in June but there was still no moving around space. I only lasted 30 minutes this time.... Summer ones are tough. I might have a table at December's but I'd appreciate a better location or traffic control? that's not very punk rock i guess though...
I enjoy this flea market! They have a ton of things for sale from clothing to vinyl/cds to everything in between. I also liked that I found a ton of NES and Genesis games there for cheap. I know a 3 dollar entry is kind of off putting for some, but it's worth it to find neat treasures.
i've sold and bought here. tables are a bit expensive but it's for a good cause so i guess i can't really bitch. And the few times i did sell i made out fairly well. 

But those days are over, i think i'll stick to the buying part for now. Records, there are millions. If you look hard enough you can find some great stuff for decent prices. Like the Ramones 'Leave Home' for 10 bux, and not some reissue. Whether it's show posters or slow roasters, you're likely to walk away with some good finds.  Lots of good diy stuff as well.  Plus a kitchen full of Tecate. 

The downside, it can get packed. If you get there when it starts it isn't too bad.  But at the end of the day you can get deals, i remember selling spray painted shirts for a meager 3 dollars when the shirt itself cost 2.
So much fun! That is if you're like me and you enjoy digging through mountains of junk to get to the good stuff, but as they say, one person's trash is another person's treasure, so you never know what you might find at the Punk Rock Flea Market; besides, the prices are unbeatable and many of the same vendors come back, but there are new ones every time.  I went for the first time this past July during the massive heat wave--thank goodness Yelp was there handing out fans; I got some good use out of mine!--and snagged a Sesame Street notebook for only $1.  Second time around was right before the holidays, came with a friend who had never been before, and picked up a bottle cap necklace (made by a High School student who was selling them as a fundraiser for a community service program overseas in which she was going to  be participating) with which I got a free t-shirt from the neighboring vendor.  Just be aware that not all the vendors take credit cards, so it is essential to have cash on hand.  If not, there's an ATM.
hipster, age-diverse crowd scouring vintage records, used books, eclectic jewelry & a wide variety of vegan cupcakes, cookies & other fun snacks such as...

little baby's ice cream, which i'd been dying to try. unfortunately (for me), they sold out of earl grey sricha so i settled on cardamom caramel (curiously delicious) and grabbed a business card so i can stalk them later in the summer.

i then proceeded to fall in love with a handmade gold locket covered in colored glass flowers compliments of etsy's "september mornings." stephanie, the artist behind the masterpiece, was sweet and friendly as she custom sized the chain to my liking and sent me off with a smile. you could tell she was really passionate about her work. i love that.

my only complaint is how hot & steamy it became in here -- apparently body heat trumps any type of outdoor breeze. i'll need to dress more appropriately next time.

note: it was 3 bucks to get in which goes toward r5 productions slash all-age venues...support the kids, people! also, i'm sure this goes without saying but just in case...bring cash.
I pretty much made out like a thrifty bandit.  I've never been able to bargain, in my whole life (even paying more for something once, but haggling is hard in German).  Today I had gumption and talked down everything I went for (sans a 1$ belt... I just couldn't even try).  

My snags included;
hand altered dress --completely country cute and perfect fit
wide belt -- been scouring ages for one i really liked
three artsy tops -- nice and light for philly heat
killer knit leg warmers -- who knows for what, but something

all for ~20$ and I got to thank Bill for posting this event on Yelp.  It was a good day.  (didn't find the Yelp booth ..sadness)
This is a well-executed idea that's pretty great if not for being able to score a $50 Gocco machine, then just being able to see hipsters getting excited about something, let alone someone else's clothing.

I could see this expanding to somewhere bigger, though.
Like the other reviewers, I (heart) the Punk Rock Flea Market. Sure, they're generally crowded, hot, and sometimes smelly and dusty too, but the cornucopia handmade fashions and crafts, records, art, jewelry, zines, comics, tasty treats and other oddities makes it worth it. 

Last time I went I got the tastiest cookie I've ever had (made by Jen at http://www.capozziscozies.com/ ), some great handmade pottery and a t-shirt with a really stupid design. 

I personally prefer it in the Starlight Ballroom. It was getting too big for the 1st Unitarian Church where it used to be held.

Bring cash and small bills to make sure you can pay easily.
So freakin' glad I came here!  Seems like every year my boyfriend and I just forget to come, but are glad we finally made it this year.  There is so much stuff, and only $3 to get in (it's to a good cause though, so just pay the damn cover!)  It's not really like a typical flea market...it has a ton of cool and vintage-looking stuff on the cheap, with so much variety, perfect for people with different tastes.  I think it's mostly clothes, but there is also antique-type things, music, books, baked goods, etc.  I got like 5 shirts for around 12 bucks...come with lots of $1 bills, too.  Really cool artwork as well...bought some to decorate the new apartment.  Definitely will miss this when we move!
Punk is good. Also, cupcakes. 

We went for the first time today, and will definitely be back. $3 admission is well worth the price to be able to buy $3 skirts and Christmas presents that no one else will ever find, anywhere.
This was my second time vending a table at the punk rock flea market. I highly enjoyed myself. i made back the money i spent on my table and then some. It's always great to unload a bunch of stuff and make someone else happy with it. 
Luckily for us we had the perfect corner spot getting a a hot breeze from the door. This year's was a hot one! I think everyone around us pretty much sweated off 10 lbs from the heat. 
I honestly wish we could do it every weekend. i enjoy the people watching and seeing what people have to offer. 
Even if you don't buy anything at the punk rock flea market it's still such an excellent experience whether it's 100+ degrees or not.. You'll remember it! 
next time i will bring a cooler of drinks! thankfully Polaris was open and you could get some food and refreshments there! 
All and all i had a fantastic time! 

This was the first year in the warehouse.. how the hell are they supposed to know it was going to be an oven in there? That just makes everyone better prepared for next year if it happens to be there again!
2 crossword puzzle books and a recipe journal for $1.25, $5 Skullcandy earbuds, and a few little edible treats totalling no more than $5? You've done it again, Punk Rock Flea Market...you won me over!  I'll miss you while I'm in Florida, but have no fear, I'll be back in full force come Spring 2012!
I have gone to the Punk Rock Flea Market every year, some twice a year, and I love it. It's fun, it's eclectic, it's crowded! The food trucks outside this year were a great addition. I got some nice deals and everyone was super nice. Also, there was roller derby inside- awesome!

The same building houses a flea market twice a month that's still ongoing! Visit http://philafleamarkets.org/ for more info.
I'm not sure how different the Punk Rock Flea Market is over the summer.. but the Winter Holiday edition is the one my boyfriend and I went to.
They had a lot of local shop owners and people who just wanted to get rid of their old items. They also had a huge assortment of records available for purchase under $2 I didn't find anything I liked though. I guess I'm a little picky and I have my spots I like to go to for clothes not there.
Awesome! The perfect antidote to the typical summer "Arts & Crap Fair". If you're in the market for Jesus-shaped wind chimes or a new addition to your Hummel collection, this particular flea market is not for you and you can stop reading now.

Vintage clothing, art that challenges, vinyl records, truly hip jewelry: For things like these this event is a Mecca. Reasonable prices across the board, tons of vendors, and the most vibrant crowd you will ever find in Philadelphia at the same place and time.

Check out their web site and sign up so you know when the next one is coming. Hopefully they will schedule even more of them cuz once or twice a year just ain't enough.
Stopped by today for a few hours to browse with hopes of picking up some tasty treats (records). $3 gets you in the door which goes to support all ages shows, which is not only good for the kids, but well worth it for what you get to experience. We got there around 10:30 and began to rummage. My gf found some great patches, a t-shirt, and a Stones cd. I found, what I will describe as, a wall of records, all for $1! I was in heaven for the next hour and half. I walked away with several cool records (Stones, Iron Butterfly, Jefferson Airplane). The vendors are super nice and greet you with a friendly smile. When we left the line was HUGE! Glad we got there early. Will be back again!
My personal favorite flea market and quite possibly one of the best bi-annual flea market in the east coast. Takes place twice a year. Once in the winter, and then again in the summer. I hear they're doing pop-ups during holiday seasons now as well and that's great! I would love to see this as a bimonthly occasion. 

The vendors here sell wares including vintage clothing, artwork, albums, party favors, fun nick-nacks and vegan-friendly baked goods and ethnic food stuffs. I could write a book based on the awesome things I've seen and/or purchased from this awesome get-together!!

People from all over the tri-state area come here to sell their wares and see others'. I always see people I know here and everyone else is super friendly.

$3 a head. Portion of the money raised goes toward the First Unitarian Church.

Check out R5 Productions for more info.
