Located right next to the Ivy Ridge shopping center on Ridge Ave, this little gem falls within a block of two big super stores (which also happen to be the cheapest supermarkets in this area), yet it still manages to be competitive with it's pricing, often carrying fruits and vegetables for less than the big guys. Run by a friendly local family, this is a great spot to shop year round. 

R&R carries a variety of items including, but not limited to: fresh fruits, vegetables, dried fruit, misc. gardening supplies (dirt, manure, etc.), potted flowers/plants, and flower arrangements. The produce and such is found inside the store (or in front when the weather allows), while the flowers and gardening supplies are located in the adjacent outer area. All transactions are cash only, though they do take EBT cards, but there is an ATM inside if you are only rocking plastic. 

I do all my regular grocery shopping at the Shoprite down the street, but I always hit these guys up for the goodness they supply first.
I shop here occasionally. The produce varies from good to bad. Gotta be careful, unlike me today when I didn't check the carrots until I got home. They were soggy with brown spots. I should have looked. When I brought them back, the guy in charge holds them up to me and says "what's wrong with them?" I'm taken aback because it was obvious. So I said "Are you kidding? They're soggy and brown" So he tells me he doesn't need my "f***ing attitude"! Same to you pal! This was the regular guy, with glasses.
This produce store is located next to the Ivy Ridge shopping center just before you get to the ShopRite.

I was disappointed that the veggies were limited, and the only thing that I came in there for inwhich was Romaine lettuce and both the organic and regular romaine lettuce were turning brown. The price for the lettuce was $0.99 but it was turning brown...why do they still have several packages sitting out? Even the bagged pre-sliced lettuce was turning brown. So, if you buy veggies make sure that you are inspecting before you purchase.

The cashier barely wanted to speak, he seemed like he was "busy". 

This store carries a  variety of items such as fresh fruits, vegetables, dried fruit, dairy products, flower arrangements, gardening supplies, potted flowers/plants. I was amazed at their green house selection of PLants. PLants melt my soul and their plant selection is the reason why I didn't give this store a 2 stars rating. 

I visited R&R produce today 5/23/19
A good variety of common fruits and veggies are available here for reasonable prices, just be very careful of the ones you select because the quality isn't always the best, some items look and feel like they've been sitting on the shelves for over a week. They've also got a nice selection of flowers and seasonal decorations.
The people at this place and the owner are greedy and nasty.  I bought plants that died a week later. I called and said i would like to exchange them for something else or get a refund.  It was only $12.00.  The owner refused to call me back and Noonie at the store said no. I went in person and brought  the receipt and containers and they still refused to do  anything.  Customers' satisfaction is meaningless to them. Shop anywhere else!
Pretty sure only locals know about this place, but even then it seems to do decently enough. The produce can be wilted and overpriced for the quality, so it definitely doesn't stack up to Produce Junction in Bala. But the FLOWERS! In spring you can cover your whole front walk with plants for $20. Huge perennials for under $5! Decent, quality herb and veggie plants, pots, garden supplies. Every mother's day or Easter they have special items, too. There's a parking lot around the side, which butts up against Dunkin and can get a little crowded, but you can also park across the street for free and cross. 
Cash only though! The people manning the counter are always very nice and chill.
I was buying mums there and didn't realize I had a pumpkin pot that cost five bucks more. I already had a pot for it so I said oh I will take the one that is six bucks. He looked annoyed so I said sorry about that and he told me there were signs for a reason. I said yes I understand that but I didn't see the sign. He proceeded to tell me to go f*ck myself and called me a f*cking bitch. I would really love for the person who owns that store to know that this is how one of their employees speaks to costumers.
