We had a great time in Philadelphia on our 14 states a 10 day trip. It was definitely one of my favorite cities that we visited and we did a lot of different activities and events. The Race Street Pier was a lot of fun got to walk around appear they had a beer garden and love music I had a lot of fun things to do it's definitely worth checking out when you're in the area
On a nice warm morning, it's a great place for a stroll to get your day off on the right foot. I went for morning yoga on a weekend and I liked how the space can really accommodate for a group fitness activity. There is plenty of open space at the end of the pier to lay our yoga mats. There is also a paved walking space lined with trees and ample seating for others who simply want to take a stroll through the pier. The landing juts out a little into the water, so you can spend a decent amount of time just enjoying the breeze and good company. 

There is mostly street parking in the area so the earlier you get there, the better. However, there are some surface lots and garages about a block away. 

Will definitely try to come back for more activities as the festival season starts up!
It has long been lamented that we don't take advantage of our waterfront property, with the exception of maybe Festival Pier. The gorgeous remodeling of Pier 11 is a welcome sight. Hopefully this new addition will start a revival. 

Walking towards the water on the upper level, you get the sensation that you are walking towards an edge with no barrier. On closer inspection, a row of steep steps/seats come into view, along with a smaller staircase on the left. Railings surrounding the pier are all angled, providing a comfortable place to stand and reflect. 

Several benches and a few picnic tables are available, but alcohol may only be consumed with the use of a permit... so either conceal wisely or just bring some Ssips iced teas. 

Very much looking forward to seeing this park in full swing during the hot summer months, and hoping it is only the beginning to a more beautiful waterfront experience.
[715]

Drove past and saw tons of people walking in/out of this Pier so I had to check it out.   

Very few street spaces but luckily we snagged one in front.   

It's a nice long clean, well maintained pier.   Tons of trees that nicely shade the benches.   I saw people walking and working.

It's a nice spot to just sit as it's under the bridge and near the water.

There is a ramp for the water but looks like it was not used in a long time.  

I saw a sign for yoga.

I'll definitely stop here again.
Free WiFi: Check!
Views: Check!

We were teased with 70 degree weather and my new bike was delivered. Coming to the pier was a no brainer. This place is open year round and for good reason. There have been a number of activities I've witnessed from this very location: July 4th fireworks, Yoga, Meetups. All have been worth while and an even better experience due to its beauty. On any day you'll catch Photographers, Runners, Bikers or Walkers taking a stroll through here to clear their mind and take in the scenery, and you should too.
I am a fan. A big one. Finally some kind of waterfront property development that allows us to venture out into the Delaware river and catch a closer glimpse of the beautiful and expansive Ben Franklin Bridge.  This pier's new railings still smell of gorgeous cedar and on my latest visit over the weekend when it was overcast and a breeze lingered in the air and over the water, it was simply perfect and refreshing.

I love the way the pier is designed in two levels and allows you to meander just so with lots of seating along the way.  Plenty of freshly planted trees and various flora, green grass and it's so clean! - Take advantage of it while it lasts.  Watch the boats meander down the river, let the wind run through your hair, bring a book and a snack and kill a couple hours.  Great for photo-ops.

No riding bikes allowed or fireworks (ha! unless you have a permit) and the whole place closes after 11 pm (understandably).

I share in Michelle C.'s sentiment: if only this development could blossom into some grand scale waterfront redesign à la Boston or Chicago.  One can dream, can't they?
So angry. Watched a wedding party be escorted off premises for trying to take a photo. Disgraceful. How dare you tell people they can't peacefully sit on a bench for a minute for a photo?  Your "security" guard and management should be ASHAMED!

Later asked "management" and their claim is that if you want to take pictures you MUST have a permit and get advanced permission so that you can have security and so that you don't interfere with any events. Give me a break!!  Its a public space!!  Giant fail, lame excuse and huge disappointment.   Oh, later that night during the fireworks the same moron who shushed away the bride and groom on their wedding day was making out & snuggling up with his girlfriend to watch them with her. Oh, and they asked a friend to take pics of the two of them. Must've been an awesome moment for them. Wish the wedding party had the same. Jerks.
Race Street Pier is a beautiful little haven from the hustle and bustle of city life, and it's only a short walk from Old City.  There are plenty of places to lounge, whether it be with a blanket on the grass, or a book on the steps or on a park bench.  It's also a great place to admire the Ben Franklin Bridge or to take some waterfront pictures (even though it IS Camden in the background).  

They also host great events like Picnic in the Park and free yoga during the warmer months.  I plan to frequent this spot both for relaxing and to catch a breeze while out for a run.  Great revitalized spot along the waterfront!
This was my first time here, I have driven past here many times by car but I walked here from the PATCO 8th and Market station. This is a nice park to come to and relax. You see the Delaware River along with the Ben Franklin Bridge and Walt Whitman Bridge. You can see Camden, NJ including Adventure Aquarium. I know this place has their yoga sessions, weddings, etc. I have seen a woman here in her bikini relaxing here like she's at the beach. Overall this is a good park to come to.
Typically, I write longwinded witty reviews, but this one I can edit down to 3 words:

My happy place
Great view of the Bridge!! I love the mixture of materials at this park. The symmetry and cleanliness really appeal to my OCD. This is not a woodsy park, but rather a very well engineered urban green space. And these are the reasons I love visiting Race Street Pier!
Beautifully designed park for all but the elderly. 
There is one bench at the back where you can be close to the river but not up on it. 
How hard would it be to install 2 benches on street level so people could easily enjoy a view of the river instead of trash strewn canals?
( see pic)
I was here when they opened this beautiful park and very excited. What would make this awesome is if there was a way to clear the debris and the trash from the canals like they do in Baltimore and New York. Today when I'm here I'm saying soda bottles that are obviously years old, a floating pineapple that must be a-year-old and various other garbage.
City of Philadelphia why don't you try to purchase 
A Mr. trash Wheel like Baltimore has? Not only does it keep the waterways and canals  clear of garbage but they've become a sensation for tourists and their own  Facebook and Twitter pages. And they're fun to watch keep the waterways clean. 

https://www.facebook.com/mrtrashwheel/

https://www.baltimorewaterfront.com/healthy-harbor/water-wheel/
Purple coneflowers? check
Other flowers whose petals have fallen off and now I can't identify them? check

(The above is flower-based, the below is not.)

On a side note, today I witnessed a trio of skaters skate on what I've affectionately dubbed the "InterDeck" (the area between the upper and lower decks). It was really only a matter of time. When I first saw it I immediately thought it would be perfect to skate, but not being a skater myself...
Between travesties like Sugarhouse and Dave & Busters, and just the overall feel of it; the Waterfront is one of those spots that I've tended to avoid for the bulk of my time in Philly. But with spots like Morgan's Pier and Yards Brewing Company opening up around it I've found myself having good reason to check it out again. And Race Street Pier is another one of those perfect examples.

Upon first glance I loved how the entirely man made park incorporated nature into it with the abundance of potted trees and the lush bit of grass space on the one side of the park. And the many benches provide plenty of seated views of the waterfront, which can be immaculate so long as Ride the Ducks doesn't pass through.

Entertainment inside the park has been getting better as it has taken on some great free concerts over the summer. And with the new home of Fringe Arts being built across the street its sure to pick up even more once the Festival season rolls in.
First.

The former Pier 11 looks pretty good so far. 

Might become my favorite spot on the banks of the Delaware.
I like the lower deck better.

Not sure how I feel about the ever present security guard.
Great place to relax by the water. It's very clean and doesn't smell (which, sadly, is hard to find in Philly!). Plenty of benches and steps to sit on, and there's always a nice breeze. There are free concerts on the Third Thursday of every month.

The only annoying thing is that the Duck Tour enters the river nearby, so every now and then, you'll hear a really obnoxious horn, then a boatful of gawking tourists will pass by.
This sliver is a gem.  Quickly becoming one of my favorite parks in the city. The upper deck rises out of the Delaware and almost gives a surreal backdrop of the BF Bridge. I've run across the bridge countless number of times - this park gives another perspective of it. The lower deck has a nice sunning area, plenty of sitting space and always seems to have folks fishing off of it.  Towrads the street side of the park, there is open iron grating walkways, meant to get us close to the river as possible. Allows one to observe tidal impacts, which do affect us this far inland. 
I havent tried the free WIFI yet, so I cannot comment -  but this park is clean and appears safe. Bonus... it catches a nice river breeze, so when its hot out, this place has a natural cooling affect.  If only we can get the planning committee that oversaw this renovation to make some updates to Penn Treaty Park...
What a tranquil gem, a place to relax and reflect........ with the Ben Franklin bridge proudly looking down the Delaware River and me looking up at its belly. We love the  two-tiered design of this pier, offering unique vantage points. 

I always giggle when I see the silly looking 'Ride The Ducks' amphibious vehicle  filled with tourists  driving around the city; eventually  descending down the boat ramp into the river next to the pier.  Yet, for the first time yesterday; we had a half-jokingly conversation about wanting to experience duckboating.   Nah, maybe not...... but still; I am glad to see people enjoying the Delaware River and the waterfront!

The  Race Street Pier is a glimpse of what can/should be. The waterfront has so much potential. I know that we have heard the same old story before but in March 2012 (more than five years in the making), a new  'master plan' for a six-mile stretch of the central Delaware River (from Oregon Avenue in South Philadelphia to Allegheny Avenue in Port Richmond)   was approved by the Philadelphia City Planning Commission.  The master plan calls for a 'Delaware River Park and Trail system', a network of parks located approximately every half-mile along the waterfront at the ends of key streets, connected by a continuous bicycle and trail network. Hopefully this will come to fruition. Here is a link to the detailed plan http://bit.ly/JZx9q3  (.pdf file).

We will continue to enjoy this little slice of happiness.
Very cool place to relax and spend some time.  It makes you feel like you are no longer in Philly.  Great place to go to at night with the significant other.  Too bad they lock it up at 11 I think.
Its very cool. very pretty. only one problem... it feels a little awkward being that its the only nice spot on the river and a screaming reminder of how much more should be done. our waterfront has been sitting there doing nothing forever. what is the reason? ive lived here all my life and have always wanted a revitalization. i hope this pier sparks just that. THERE IS NO REASON EVERY INCH OF OUR WATERFRONT PROPERTY IS NOT UTILIZED WITH SOMETHING PRETTY!!!!!!! what is the reason its not? i have been asking that question for years and nobody knows the answer. i went early on a sunday morning with my boo and it was very peaceful. we were the only people there. being sunday morning might of had something to do with it. no homeless peeps on the benches or graffiti yet. and i say yet. last month on 1st friday they held a little mini event complete with dj. i would have loved to be there, but sadly couldnt make it. i hope they throw several parties thru the year. maybe it will spark more developement? fingers crossed!
Walking and strolling about this pier is so nice. It's a nice stroll for relaxing and unwinding from a stressful day. Walking aimlessly looking at the water and just decompressing is so enjoyable.
Fantastic spot to take photographs as well.
It's a beautiful little promenade; I love the two levels offering wide open walking space and grassy knolls resepctively. The view of the bridge is very cool; folks were sunbathing, reading, or just sitting and watching the water;  all very peaceful. 

Keep in mind that there aren't really any bathrooms around (you know where my priorities are ;) and not much shade if you're there in the late afternoon when the sun is setting. My only real complaints are that it's not the easiest place to get to, and that there aren't more like it, but that's more Delaware Ave's fault than the park's.
Even on the most stank-hot of days, here's a spot that offers a breeze. 

Doo-dah, dah doooo, dah-dah, dooo dah-dah dooooooooo...Summer breeeeze makes me feel fine...blowing through the jasmine of my miiiiind... 

Ahem, yes, so there's typically a nice breeze off the river, and a person can enjoy views of boats on the water, and big Ben Franklin. It's a great spot for a sit-a-while, for sure. It's a fine place to sing Seals & Crofts songs like a creep, or watch those infernal quackin' amphibious Duck boats driving into the Delaware. "The Ducks are in the woooder laydeeee!"

Race Street Pier is a pier of oasis and greenery on the waterfront; people were having little picnics and everything. Ahhhh...
Since it opened, the pier has always been an impressive photo spot/backdrop right under the Ben Franklin bridge, but there's more to it than that! I attended some of the yoga classes there this summer and it was a nice way to break up my indoor practice. Doing yoga outside, by the water is such a cool experience and it was FREE. Bring socks and a jacket though, as it tends to get a little breezy! 

Now I just have to get to one of the pier's movie nights!
The pier is great.  There is a lot of seating for people, some grass, and a great view.  For as close as the pier is located to a busy street, it is pretty quiet, and good for relaxing.
Free yoga on the pier on wkends! Loved it and it was hard moves ... But great for new yogis and advanced ones.  Free and if you feel charitable that day, they do collect donations.  It can be bit noisy from patch train, construction and duck boats but free yoga! Come on! Go! Nameste !
Really pretty place to sit and relax.  I spent a late evening hanging out there last week, and it was a nice, chill respite.  My only complaint is that at the late hour I was there, there was a TON of noise pollution from the place next door.  Not much to be done about it, though.  And I do have to give them kudos for keeping the pier open that late (till 11pm) at all!
FREE yoga 7 days a week. Life don't get much better than this...lol I'm new to yoga aka I really don't know what I'm doing so why not try it out for FREE? I found out about these free classes last year and went a few times. I'm determined to go every weekend this time. Classes are totally FREE. They have a tip jar at the front of the class where you can add tips, which I highly recommend let's face it it's the right thing to do. But really the classes are free, no reservation needed, no strings attached.  Just show up & find a spot. It's called Yoga on the Race Street Pier. They have a FB page which I can't find, probably because I'm not on FB, duhhhhh :) so you can find info there. I'll post a old pic from a class I attended last year and the 2015 class schedule. The view is beautiful, I forgot to mention how peaceful it is out there on the water early in the morning. Plus the classes are open to everyone, male, female and even children. Hope this was helpful
What a gem in this city! Race street pier is perfectly placed with a view of the Ben Franklin Bridge, the Delaware River, and if you time it right on a Saturday night, fireworks bursting from Camden. I went to the movie night this last Saturday and was impressed to find that the screen was high quality and the sound loud enough to hear over trains, boats, and cars. The lawns were perfectly manicured with no trash in sight. I would equate this park to a mini version of New York's High Line. Definitely worth a visit, a picnic, and a date destination.
Lovely place to relax in the evening either by yourself, with a significant other or even family. An early August evening provides a warm calming breeze while the morning/afternoon provides a radiating sun with clear skies (on a nice summer day). Parking can be impossible to find on the side road if it's a weekend however weekdays usually has some fair space. Official lot parking is also close by but usually costs an arm and a leg (20bucks/HR) as opposed to 2bucks/HR or less from street parking. Definitely worth a visit if you're a tourist, definitely worth a return if you're a local!
A  nice area just to sit , relax and enjoy the refreshing air overlooking the Benjamin Franklin bridge and watching boats pass by. Plenty of seating areas or space to do yoga or have your children run around. 

Came here for an outdoor wedding event  and the view was just amazing. They had security guards to prevent people from crashing the wedding so that was nice. We also took photographs here with the bridge and the river as our background. 

You will find some street parking if not you can park at the Dave and busters parking lot for $5.00 which isn't a bad price at all.
Beautiful pier, great riverview.  This is a very nice place to aim for a stroll.  Sunday mornings you'll find a slew of amature painters out with easels, and there's plenty of benches to relax and enjoy the Delaware. 

Nothing much of note at the location (NO public restrooms), but plenty of other things in the area (Bars, shops, Dave & Busters; or up race street into Old City ~5 block walk)

Great to see them make a nice aesthetic use of the property though!
Great hang out spot to look out across the ocean. It felt very safe, as I have a two year old that likes to run around. There was even a planned proposal that took place. There are many places to eat close by, which is awesome to get something to go and just have a nice city-ish picnic by the water. At night, it can get chilly, so being a sweater or jacket. There are no restrooms here or fishing allowed. There are signs for the closest piers where fishing is allowed though. Plenty of seating available and there is grass.
Isn't this the old spot where Charlie from It's Always Sunny proclaimed they were becoming crab people?

I used to avoid the waterfront. To me, it was all boats, industrial buildings, and [generally] lame concerts (all things I have had nothing to do with). The addition of Race Street Pier (along with this past summer's Morgan's Pier) have found me spending way more time than usual along the waterfront. Now I actually have a reason to come here! 

The pier is nice and quiet. Even on a hot day, you can catch a cool breeze by sitting down at the end on the water, where there is stepped seating and a few benches. Even Camden looks nice enough to look at from the pier. There are lots of trees and benches lining the whole pier, too. There are no frills here - no rides or food stands like nearby Franklin Square - and there's not even space to run around. That's what I like though, this Pier was built for solitude and relaxation and enjoying the water. It's also got a great view of the Ben Franklin bridge.

Every once in a while, though, they'll have a cool event here at night for those who like their noise and the pier at the same time.

Oh, and the concerts are getting better, too. Good things in the future for the waterfront.
I love it.  I run here and meditate all the time.  

It's got a solid amount of benches, some greenery, amazing view, and free yoga: honestly, what more do you want from a wooden path that leads to the river and ends.
The pop-up beer garden at Race Street Pier is the perfect place to grab a few socially-distant drinks with friends. I went on a Friday night and it was rather quiet since it had just rained. I am not sure how busy it is on sunny evenings. Regardless, the beer selection was good and the view was even better! You get to enjoy both the Delaware River and the Benjamin Franklin Bridge.
Nice place to enjoy walk or sit and enjoy Philadelphia's Delaware River waterfront.  Next door to the Cherry Street Pier.

Another bonus is the view of the Bridge from a unique perspective.

Refreshments available for purchase next door at Cherry Street Pier ir across the street on Race Street.

Chinatown is several blocks away.
Before this pier began hosting yoga sessions, it was an overgrown mess for decades. In a smart move by the city, the pier was transformed into one of the more innovative public places on the waterfront. Soon after it opened, development spread to the water pumping station across the street that now hosts Philly Fringe, and right now the neighboring pier is being renovated. Race Street pier itself offers an interesting oasis in the city. It has great views of the Ben Franklin Brige, up and down the waterfront, back into the city, and of the Camden skyline. There are plenty of places to sit and stay a while including a patch of grass. I've often enjoyed it while walking around the city.
Love the conversion and renovation of this pier into a park. The natural steel + wood is beautiful. Great views and would be a nice spot to sit, read, and enjoy the views.  Also right down the street is Morgan's pier, which is a great place to stop for a beer on the waterfront.
Race Street Pier is a great semi new outdoor space.  I've been taking the yoga on the pier classes here for a few years now.  Classes run April - October Monday-Friday 7 AM, Monday-Thursday 6 PM and Saturday-Sunday 9:30 AM.  Different instructors with variety of flow style yoga.  There a beautiful view of Camden and the Ben Franklin Bridge.  I've also come here to read.  If its windy it does get a little chilly being on the water so remember to layer up.
The Good: No food or drink trucks, just a beautiful place to walk or sit. This pier has the right amount of trees, benches, and walking space for those wanting a little break from the city. It's wonderful in the evening, especially for date night. Sitting at the end of the pier looking out over the river and up at the bridge was my favorite. 

The Bad: A possible tripping hazard from electrical cords that connect power to lighted prism panels. 

Overall, this was a very good experience. This is also a good place for photos. I give it 4.25 stars. Enjoy!!!
