The much anticipated Rail Park is finally opened! Yay! I can best describe it as Philly's version of NYC's High Line. Definitely a much quieter (and not as cool...sorry, Philly)  park. It's a soft and mini gravel pathed space (wet closed shoes) with SOME greenery, perched above this urban jungle I am proud to call home, even more so with creative earthy projects like this. 

Rail Park is an awesome rebirth of abandoned and utilized space, much like it's beginning, The Viaduct, which opened last summer. Rail Park Phase 1 however is raised and offers a unique perspective of the city. The full skyline is obstructed though. You will see the Pyramid Club form the swings and Billy Penn peeking through to say "hi". 

There's not a ton to it and just a fair warning, it may be difficult to keep (most) kiddos occupied, but it's a super cool idea. It's nice for a stroll or to grab a seat on one of the surprisingly comfy wood benches. Maybe even chill on the somewhat hard to come by wooden swings. (You'll have to play the hover game depending on when you visit. Worth the wait though, the swings are where it's at!!) Perhaps grab a picnic lunch or sip a coffee with a pal? Maybe even bring your laptop. 

It's definitely hot in the sun, but the area in the shadows of the buildings at the entrance is quite lovely and surprisingly breezy even between the buildings. 

I look forward to completion of the next few phases (the "cut" and the tunnel) and visiting when it's all finished. Check out the blueprints and map to the right when you enter by Noble St. (There is also an entrance by The Trestle Inn on Callowhill- that entrance has steps is not stroller and handicap friendly.) 

I do hope they incorporate events and perhaps food and beverage options. Maybe even just food trucks outside?! I did see that the renovation of the rail trolley right there on Broad is underway. Perhaps the addition of nosh will draw more of a crowd than just those who work or live around the area, or who are just curious as first timers. Until then, there is Love City Brewing just 2 blocks away! Pro Mom tip: its kid friendly over there !

*I found 4hr unmetered parking on 12th, but be careful parking at the entrance near Noble, lots of tow zones. There is a full paid lot underneath. Decent amount of bike spots though. 

**Very pup friendly, but there are signs asking the dogs to not "water" the plants. Not sure how that works. 

***One Porto Potty.

3.5 for now.
If you have not visited this park, you are missing out! It is a simple, small park that is around center city. If you are walking around, I would say just go upstairs to this rail park and check it out. It has places to sit, walk and stand to look out into the city. 

Basically, this was where train used to run, and some one had the brilliant idea to renovate it and make it an area to hang out and enjoy the beauty of Philly. It does have certain hours functioning, I believe it closes at 10 pm.
For review 1400 (not including updates!) I decided that it would be best to look into Philly past, present & future. And with the Rail Park finally descending above the Eraserhood for its first phase after an 8+ year hype filled anticipation, the choice doesn't get much better.

Back in the day there was a time where the Rail Park was everything from a rumor, to a pipe dream, to something that Septa all but ensured wouldn't have happened on the desolate unused property that they owned. But fans of the High Line in NYC and parks in general saw how much of a good thing Rail Park could be for the city, and pushed hard for it to become a reality that has only now just began to come into fruition. And the reality of that happening is a huge 5 star endeavor that's only going to get better as it expands.

Like most first phases that take years to come to light, Rail Park is one of those things that opened with many expectations. And while it does deliver on a high note, the first phase fails to meet all of those lofty expectations. But shows promise to as it grows through phase 2 and onward, even if it could still use a few more traditional park benches. But the swing chairs made out of reclaimed train track parts are fun to sit in, and it does illicit some great views of the city. Add in additional street art, and a grand view of Boxcar Beer Garden when its open, and you have a great addition to Philly parklife that's only going to get better!
Like this review, the Rail Park is short and sweet.

The highly anticipated park is a great addition to an up and coming neighborhood and a welcome public space to hang, swing, walk, and look over the city. Here are a few do's and don'ts for your visit.

Don't: 
- wear flip flops or sandals that tiny rocks are going to get into
- expect the NYC Highline, this is in the very beginning stages and is very small, but maybe when it expands it'll be more like it!

Do:
- make other plans to go to the Boxcar Beer Garden, the Patio, the Trestle Inn or Love City Brewing close by
- wait it out and get a swing spot and enjoy the views

I'm rail-y into this new park and looking forward to the expansion of phase 2!
It was cute and tiny but you can see the potential for a larger park and how the park is bringing people to the area. When we went, there was only 1/4 mile completed. 

If you compare it to NYC's High Line then you will be disappointed. With that being said, there is potential here and it's not fair to harshly judge when it's not even close to being completed. The 1/4 mile that is completed was nicely done with seating and many butterfly bushes. They also had these big wooden swings that could fit at least 4 people.  

We saw quite a few restaurants and bars that appeared new in the area. Can't wait to come back once the next phase is done. Looking forward to the final result! Will update review whenever that may happen.
This reminded me of the Highline in NYC. I think it has a lot of potential, but it isn't quite fully developed yet. 

The concept is really cool. They took an old rail line and converted it into a park. Right now it's only a quarter of a mile long, but I read that they're going to make it 3 miles long eventually. 

I hope as it expands they add a little more greenery and start to add some vendors to add more of an entertainment element like the Highline has. I also hope they preserve some of the original tracks because it's a nice element to integrate into the park. 

There are two entrances right now -- one has stairs and the other end is handicap accessible. The swings at the beginning were a really cool touch. 

I definitely think this is worth a quick visit as is and can definitely see it becoming more of a destination in the future.
Sari hit the nail on the head. The Rail Park in Philly does not even touch the High Line in NYC. I had extremely high expectations and man, were they shattered.

1) The 'park' lacks greenery. In an urban jungle, I welcome greenery whenever and wherever possible. Here, it's just blah. 

2) Those little pebbles are a royal pain in the ... (butt) to not only walk on but to keep off of the surrounding wood planks, pavers and other features. It was a total cop out, in my opinion. If you're going to do something, do it right. Again, pebbles in an urban jungle; where's the greenery, man?!

3) I personally feel that the space is missing some really neat features that the High Line has. The Rail Park in Philly has a very bland feel to it; the swings, however, are neat! 

The whole concept feels very rushed (and underfunded) to me. I highly recommend that the people behind this put on the brakes, reanalyze the space and make changes before moving onto other sections of the line.

It looks like there is still work going on so I will update this review at a later point in time. I wouldn't suggest going out of your way to visit the Rail Park.

Oh well :(
Phase one of the Rail Park is complete and it looks awesome so far. It has benches, trees, and tons of potential for Philly. As far as the views, it's a bit to be desired. Go check out the new construction and spend some time at Box Car Beer Garden whose proceeds support Phase Two of the Rail Park. I'd say it's worth a trip to check out for families and Philly locals!
It is a nice idea, but the project should have taken it's time.

Pro's- It is an interesting space. It is something different in Philadelphia. Swings which get occupied by one person. 

Con's- Too small and crowded feeling. It is not wide. Not enough greenery. Not enough seating. Cannot do anything other than walk or sit due to limited space. 

Maybe in time this will be something great. They should have waited for more than one phase to open it up. The other phases may never happen and if they don't this will go down as a bust quickly.
The Rail Park can kind of be likened to a miniature version (and I mean min,min,mini) of the High Line in NYC. The first phase is the only phase open for now. It does not look like construction has begun on phase two yet. I love the swings and they are much easier to get on than the one at the Wharf in my town of DC. I think the beer garden down below is probably a cool place to hang out too. It's really nice to have this little oasis in an industrial part of town. Lots of people brought dogs here and this would be an ideal spot to get something from nearby Reading Terminal Market to enjoy in a less chaotic atmosphere. Definitely take the time (it won't take long) to visit the Rail Park if you find yourself in this part of Philly.
Here you can- swing on the wooden group swings, enjoy the weather, new green space with friends, family or solo. 

Located in the "Loft District " aka Philly's Gotham City, and touching Chinatown. 
The elevated view of the city  isn't the best, but I can still find gratitude of the green space and chill out and relax.  Has the potential to be a dope park as the development continues.
I've been coming to the Rail Park since it first opened and it's probably one of my favorite stops to make in the city just to clear my mind. I am extremely excited to follow the completion of the upcoming phases. This is such a great addition to philly. 

You will see every type of person here. Allllll sorts of dogs as well. People come to relax, chat, have picnics, take in the sights and sounds of the city while being in an almost beachy and tropical (due to the greenery) setting. Great for photos, too. 

Definitely recommend to others! Go a few blocks over and stop by Love City for some drinks, too!
Rail park is awesome. It's small, but sometimes things happen slower in Philly than New York... 

There are two access points, a stairway from around 11th and Callowhill, or just street level at the start from 13th and Noble. There's not much length to walk yet, but there is great sitting area, views of the sky, and some cool art of the rail history at the beginning.

Nearby is a beer garden right underneath, love city brewing around the corner, and Chinatown a few blocks below.
It's only phase 1 so far so let's not be too harsh. It's clean and manicured, and at the edge, you can see how wild and how many weeds there were before they cleaned it up (I've been told you can climb up the other side for a good adventure). 

There are swings and nice views, and the location isn't terrible. Is it the High Line? No, this isn't NY, they're not going to build this through Center City, but in many ways I think I prefer this.
A cute little neighborhood park on an elevated former rail line.
For visitors, it's really too small to bother seeking out, and begs to be extended or connected to a trail network?

But for locals it's going to be a little patch of green respite, a place to catch a breeze elevated about the concrete, and a definitely a nice spot to take some photos or selfies.

I checked it out on a rainy day and had the place to myself, but it's set up to be enjoyed by a number of people simultaneously, with 2-4 pathways, benches, screening greenery, and views on both sides. Now they just need to extend it...
