Reading Terminal Market is like a massive Pennsylvania food court with something local for any Yelper to try ... and 2-3 things for me. 

Coming here has been a Philadelphia tradition since 1893 and it still ranks as an obligatory tourist attraction for city visitors. We came a couple times (over a week) to try different foods and shop a little in the other stalls. 

Recommendations include:
 * Beiler's Doughnuts (underrated donuts)
 * Miller's Twist (Warm Amish pretzels!)
 * Sang Kee Peking Duck (Beijing-style duck)
 * DiNic's Sandwiches (ok, yet overrated)
 * Spataro's Cheesesteaks (average, but historic)
 * Downtown Cheese (say Cheese!!)
 * Valley Shepherd Creamery (Grilled cheese please)
 * Bee Natural (Local honey)
 * Fox & Son ("If" you like corndogs)
 * Dutch Eating Place (Apple dumplings)
 * Flying Monkey Bakery (Red velvet whoopie pies)

Note that the Reading Terminal Market is open 7 days a week from 8:00 am to 6:00 pm (except major holidays), so, plan accordingly with your meal schedule.
Gem of Philly, a must for locals AND tourists! Filled with local produce, Amish farmers/Pennsylvania Dutch, freshly baked goods, hand churned ice creams, a small chocolate and candy factory showing their mold making techniques, artisan cheeses, fresh fish & meat, book vendors, spice shops, and soooooooo much more. Two of the merchants are even descendants of original vendors from the 1800's, how cool is that??!! Reading Terminal is great for grocery shopping, and lunch.. although it does get quite overwhelming with crowds at lunch. During the holidays they have a giant train display complete with tracks and train cars whistling and zooming around, RT also has lots of festivals and fun events for both adults and kids. I'm not going to list my fave food and market vendors because I love so much that is here and they would all be on the list. An awesome market, highly recommend!! Ah yes, I can't forget to tell you about Philbert! Philbert is the lovely 3' plump bronze piggy bank sculpture in the center of the terminal, he collects coins for charity. Eric Berg is a VERY special local Philadelphia sculptor, whose work is all over the city in major parks, the bear in Fitler Square, the dragon at Drexel, the vine covered cottage gate in Rittenhouse square, the sphere at Pennsylvania hospital and so much more. Reading Terminal is a gem, go!
What do you say about an amazing place that already has over 600 reviews?  I know; put the ten (10) most important things you need to know all in one place.  So, especially if you are a 1st timer, read on.

1. Be prepared to embrace the crowds.  It's part of the Reading Terminal experience.  Think about it.  All those folks are there because the place is so amazing!

2. Don't visit on Sunday, Monday, or Tuesday.  Why you ask?  There are over a dozen Pennsylvania Dutch (Amish) vendors that are definitely worth visiting.  They have special hours and don't open on these days.  It would be a mistake not to see them.

3. If you want the very best deals make sure you end your visit during the last hour of each day.  That would be between 5:00 and 6:00 PM Monday -Saturday and 4:00 to 5:00 PM on Sunday.

4. If you are a foodie be prepared to be overwhelmed, stunned, amazed, and generally blown away.  You won't be able to do it justice in two (2) hours.  Think three (3) or more.

5. Speaking of two (2) hours, it will cost you $4 for that amount of time at the 12th & Filbert garage.  All you need to do is spend $10 and any vendor will validate your ticket.  Even better is to not park at all and take public transportation.  

6. Check the website for cool events especially to see the live music schedule.  http://www.readingterminalmarket.org/events/

7. Some folks say the place is touristy and they are partially correct.  That's true of some of the vendors but anyone with half a brain can spot them in a second.  If that's not your thing just walk on by.

8. If you want to stay in the market and have an adult libation, check out Molly Malloy's.  It's a great place for a beer.

9. If you are thinking about lunch at prime time (11:30-1:00), please think again.  And then think again and again.  Trust me; it's complete and utter craziness.  Eat early or eat late.

10. Last but not least let's talk Tommy DiNic's as this legendary emporium deserves special mention.  I know, I know, you saw Man vs. Food and you want "The Sandwich."  Is it worth it?  Yeah, it is.  Stroll the market and stop back occasionally to check on the length of the line.  If you see it below twenty five (25) folks, go for it.  It really is an amazing sandwich.

As just about everyone says this place is a must for a Philly visitor.
We have been coming to the Reading Terminal Market for as long as we can remember. Place is always packed with workers nearby grabbing a bite to eat and tourists. I warn you, it is really crowded here all the time. Here are some of the food stalls worth stopping for:

Bassetts Ice Cream -
The first merchant to sign a lease at the Reading Terminal Market in 1892. This place is still owned and run by the same family. With more than 40 flavors, you can have your pick. The cone comes with a generous scoop(s).

Beiler's Bakery -
One of the best donuts. If this is your first time here, don't be deterred by the long line. You often hear people giving up when they see how long the line is. It moves pretty fast  and the best part, you get to see first hand how they make it in front of you. By the time you're midway through, grab a menu, choose your donuts so you don't hold up the line. My son who doesn't like sweets love Beilers'. Note: Not open on Sundays.

Flying Monkey -
The owner with the love of the movie, "The Wizard of Oz", named her bakery Flying Monkey. When I first discovered this place, they were famous for their amazing cupcakes but nowadays, it's more on their award winning Whoopie pies. The Whoopie pies were named the best in the world and it comes in many flavors. Another must try is their Elvis cake. We usually buy a huge slice home. Every item is made from scratch.

Dutch Eating Place -
The only item we have tried here is their amazing warm apple dumpling with cinnamon which is served with a dollop of cool heavy cream. It is to die for.

The Original Turkey -
I don't like eating turkey and the only turkey I will eat from is "The Original Turkey". You can see how juicy it is when they carve it right in front of you! Served with all your typical Thanksgiving fixings, you can have this all year round. You can also order it sandwich style. Don't forget to ask for extra gravy. 

Bee Natural -
I love to make my famous French toast at home. Instead of using syrup I prefer to use honey. I'm always pleased with the quality of their honey here. When I run low, I make sure to grab a bottle or two.

These are just a handful of stalls we frequent. The list goes on. There are also lots of counter lunch spots, food stalls and fresh produce. A must visit in the heart of Philly. 

If you park at the Reading Terminal, you can get a discounted parking for $4 if you buy $10 and over at any one of the merchants at the Reading Terminal. Just have them validate your parking ticket. Remember, it is only good for 2 hours. Otherwise it will be $10 for 2 1/2 hours.
I almost hesitated to write a review about the Reading Terminal Market because there are just so many written already, and what else can be said.  But when I have told people in my area of New Jersey about it, most don't know how good it is.  So, I feel it is my duty, in a way, to get the word out.

The selection of food items is really one of the very best of any market in our country.  They have so many things that you just can't get outside of PA, such as Amish cheeses made from unpasteurized dairy.

The two negatives are that there really isn't a convenient parking lot because it is located right in the middle of Center City.  That makes it harder to buy a lot of products because you can't just wheel your cart out to your car.  The crowds can also be intimidating.

Still, this market deserves 5 stars because the selection and the overall experience are rare and hard to find anywhere else.
Wow, this is my new favorite place to go shopping.  Unfortunately, it's thousands of miles away from me since I live in California but my sister who lives here recommended that I visit and that I would love it; she was right.  I definitely have to come back for one more shopping trip before I fly back home.  Reading Terminal Market is an indoor market (perfect for a rainy day) and has many places to visit, eat and shop at.  The Market features bakeries (as pictured below), a mini meat and cheese market, a small scaled market that sells a variety of pastas, canned and dried fruits,  a whole produce section with fresh flowers, vegetables and fruits, a gigantic food court (I recommend getting the raspberry banana smoothie at the juice bar yum), and specialty stores too that are from around the world like the Holland shop (all items are designed and made in Holland) and feature some of the most beautiful ornaments and kitchen items I have ever seen!  And not to mention to satisfy your sweet tooth, there are many places to buy fudge, chocolate, cake slices and cupcakes too (oh my goodness)!  The Market can be a little crowded and a little overwhelming at times but this is a must see if you are ever in the area.
The signs of a great market are as follows: local produce (and flavorful), good bazaar (and fun), and really (really) delicious food (and famous!). When there's more than 250 food dealers and countless of tempting (not so calorie-conscious), as well as few healthy choices under one roof, from Hershel's reuben, Beck's mac n' cheese fried balls, to Beiler's maple bacon doughnut, I bet you can't stop eating at just one stall. Luckily, you can always come back for more.  P.S: Don't forget your Tums

What a tourist might pick:
- DiNic's: Roast Beef and Pork. ( Winner of best sandwich in America'12)
- The Original Turkey: The Stuffin' Cranberry. ( All-year-round Thanksgiving)
- Beck's Cajun Café: Train Wreck.

What a local might pick:
- Flying Monkey Bakery: Pumpple. (2 pies in 1: a pumpkin pie and an apple pie)
- Dutch Eating Place: Scrapple breakfast sandwich.
- The Famous 4th Street Cookie Company. ( $1 cookie holler before closing )

What I might pick:
- Meltkraft:  Valley Thunder Grilled Cheese.
- Beck's Cajun Café: Shrimp & Chicken Gumbo. 
- Kamal's Middle Eastern Specialties: Chicken Shawarma. 
- Iovine Brothers Produce: Local fruits & vegetables. (10% discount on Wed. and Sun. for all students and Jefferson ID employees) 


Pro tips:
1/ Take your kids, they'll love Philbert the pig: Reading Terminal Market's mascot. 
2/ Get $4 parking validation with a purchase of $10: Two hours limit, and valid only for two assigned garages: 11th & Arch Streets (Expert Parking), 12th & Filbert Streets (Parkway Garage). 
3/ Amish vendors aren't at RTM on Sundays.
4/ Free WiFi access.

Five Yelps.
You spin my head right round, right round, when you go down, when you go downtown. Yes, I did change the lyrics. How does one justify America's oldest Farmer's Market, the Reading Terminal Market, when writing a review... You don't. 

Your head literally does spin around when you enter for your first time. Once you know the market well and where your favorite purveyors are, I'm sure it's a walk through the park. I had to see it all. 

A portion of the market does have Amish vendors, but you will only find them here Wednesdays through Saturdays, even though the rest of the market is open seven days per week. 

There are over eighty vendors and covers over 1.7 acres. Two descendants of original shops are still there. This market has also been in numerous movies, including Trading Places. 

I walked into aromas of freshly baked chocolate chip cookies and convinced myself, it was too early plus it was only vendor one, even though ten minutes later I was eating some of the best and hot pepperoni pizza I have had. 

There are six bakeries, two of which I purchased baked goods from and one that I have reviewed so far. I was not thrilled with Le Bus http://www.yelp.com/biz/le-bus-bakery-philadelphia-2, but I was very happy with Termini Brothers Bakery, which I will review eventually. 

They have a nice wine shop and beer garden where I noticed a few drinking beer at ten in the morning, a tea shop, coffee, dairy shops and a juice bar, where you can get blended and frozen concoctions. 

A homemade ice cream parlor http://www.yelp.com/biz/bassetts-ice-cream-philadelphia, cheese shops, fresh flowers, organic produce and raw milk. One place that I really loved was Salumeria, what an awesome market filled with Italian groceries, hoagies, salads and international cheese. 

Local produce stands are huge and if you love variety this is your place. All locally grown and talk about a variety of mushrooms! Shops galore for cookbooks, used books, linens, pottery, crafts, handbags, a general store and Amy's Place filled with unique gifts, especially for a house warming gift or a new bride. 

There are a good dozen or more meat, poultry and seafood shops and some will cook it right there for you. I did notice that on each cash counter, they do have posted whether or not they accept credit cards and if they do the minimum amount to charge. 

Now I'm getting hungry, amazing pulled pork and beef brisket http://www.yelp.com/biz/tommy-dinics-philadelphia#hrid:kJ9LwByjlxBcrf_cNZyJUA/src:search/query:Tommy%20DeNic's, pizza, pasta to go or eat there, sandwiches, cheesesteaks http://www.yelp.com/biz/by-george-philadelphia, perogies or crab cakes at Coastal Cave, mac & cheese or fried chicken at Delilah's http://www.yelp.com/biz/delilahs-at-the-terminal-philadelphia-2 

You can sit down in one restaurant and have a wonderful breakfast, which gets packed, there is sushi, a spice shop http://www.yelp.com/biz/spice-terminal-philadelphia, a little Thai market and chocolates galore. 

Originally named the Jersey Market, since most farmers, fisherman and hunters were carrying their goods from the neighboring state to be sold here. After many complaints from the town folks of this non refrigerated outdoor market, it was dismantled and two new markets evolved from this, the Farmer's Market and the Franklin Market. 

This site has been in use as a Farmer's Market since 1860 on High Street, it soon was renamed Market Street and moved indoors in 1892, because of health risks, traffic nuisances and it needed to be controlled. The Reading Railroad built the Reading Terminal Market as part of their use for downtown passengers. 

The hustle and bustles, aromas and excitement fill the air and whenever I have out of town friends or family, who want to tour historic Philadelphia, I am bringing them here. 

The market is closed on certain holidays and they do not keep long evening hours. Parking at several local garages can be validated inside the Terminal and will reduce your $10.00 cost to $4.00, if you are there for two hours or less. 

Many places offer a seven dollar meal deal and have them well posted. From what I noticed they seemed like a good deal.  I am not sure what the story of Philbert is, I do know that he is a pig that was created by Eric Berg and he is surrounded by money. Anyway, he is pretty cool and located at the end of the central cafeteria style dining area. 

I do hope that I did the Terminal some kind of justice, it is too awesome for words! There are out door cafe tables for two & bongos playing outside..

So, as I am walking through the market, everyone was staring at me and I do mean everyone. Finally two police officers approach me and say "you can not wear that t-shirt in here"! As I am looking down to see what in the world I had put on that morning, my daughter said " Oh yes she can, six time Super Bowl champions"! The officers laughed and said, "yeah, I guess she can"!  What was I thinking?!
During my most recent visit to Reading Terminal Market, I heard a gentleman say "everything here smells so good" and that's when I realized that's just how I wanted to start this review - everything here really DOES smell so good. 

This market is a Philadelphia staple. Whether you're a local or a visitor, this is one of those places you just have to stop in to at least once. Whether you want to actually grab a meal, just take a walk around to see what all they have, or are looking to stock up on vegetables, fruits, meats, breads, or sweets, this is a great place to go to. Besides the delicious food, they also have some wonderful stands set up to buy great souvenirs and gifts. 

No matter what time of day you're visiting Reading Terminal, be prepared for a large crowd and lines. This is not the place to go to if you're crunched for time. I would recommend stopping in when you have time to spare. If this is your first time visiting, my other recommendation is to walk around the entire premise to see what all there is before you make any purchases. There are ample food options so it's nice to see what all they have to offer before making your decision. Just a few places that stand out to me include Meltkraft, Tommy DiNic's, Beiler's Bakery, Famous 4th Street Cookie Company, and Termini Bros Bakery. :)

If you're in or near Philadelphia, be sure to put Reading Terminal on your list of places to go to so you can take in just some of the greatness our city has to offer. Lastly, be sure to bring your camera/phone to take some photos and don't forget to bring along your appetite!
Omg, one guess where I'm HEADING
To the Terminal Market known as READING
I feel like Starlight when she's SHEDDING
I feel like a salon that does THREADING
I feel like Billy Idol singing White WEDDING
I feel like my girlfriend when she's SPREADING
I feel like a happy form of Otis REDDING
Cuz the Reading Market is a BLESSING

But let me tell you what I've been DREADING
Other than any more ISIS BEHEADING
It's being walked in on while UNDRESSING
Having somebody notice my SWELLING
Being accused of some mad bed WETTING
Having everyone in the market STARING
This market gets me going and keeps me SWEATING
And necessitates some brand new BEDDING

WHAT.

If you only go to one place in Philly, go here, and get these items:

What to get: Hot Pretzel, Lemonade, Shake from Miller's Twist.
What else: Pot Roast Sandwich from Smucker's.
And what else: Roast Pork Sandwich w/ Broccoli Rabe from Tommy DiNic's.
Any more: Beiler's Donuts and anything from Dutch Eating Place.
What not to get: Caught at Reading reading Penthouse by an Amish security guard.

But: While you're in Philly, you must also try John's Roast Pork, Nick's Roast Beef, and a bubble tea at Mr. Wish.

This is the quintessential Market for the East Coast. Every other City along the Eastern Seaboard wishes it had a market as lavish and spectacular. Basically it is food Paradise with all kinds of deliciousness inside. A lot of it is overpriced and touristy, but there are also some amazing hidden gems lurking within the walls, particularly those which are owned and operated by the Amish, who have a very large presence within this Market.

Speaking of very large presents... (pulls down pants)... happy Amishmas.

The number one highlight is Miller's Twist which is where you will get the best hot gooey pretzel you've ever had , which will make you never want to eat a pretzel from anywhere else, and will make you speak in very long sentences, and I mean very very long sentences. 

Also try their lemonade and chocolate milkshakes which are amazing. Make sure you get the plain pretzel. Or if it's a flying pretzel, the plane pretzel. The only other pretzel that I've had which compares is down at Sadie Anne's at the Dutch Village Market in Upper Marlboro Maryland. 

Next on the agenda you have to go to Smuckers Grill and get a Pot Roast Sandwich. The breakfast there is ok but the pot roast is otherworldly and sensational. Truly one of the best sandwiches in the world. You do not come to Philadelphia for cheesesteak sandwiches. You come here for other sandwiches such as John's Roast Pork and Nick's Roast Beef and this gem here in the Market at Smuckers.

The Dutch eating place is also very good as are many of the other stands in here like Beiler's donuts. But the next top highlight belongs to Tommy Dinic's. Roast pork is the sandwich that Philly should be famous for, and the only place that makes it better than Tommy is John's which is the ultimate pork destination. Tommy does a wonderful if overpriced roast pork with broccoli rabe. And I highly recommend asking for extra broccoli rabe. Once again skip the cheesesteak. If you must get one, try one when you go to John's, or grab one at Joe's Steaks & Soda Shop, along with some shakes.

Parking here is an absolute nightmare and they give tickets out the way molesters give candy out to children while hanging out of dark unmarked vans. I highly recommend using the parking deck and just paying the lofty prices to avoid the drama. Alternatively, park somewhere cheap far away, and walk into the center so that you aren't paying for every minute you're here. The parking meters and garages here are almost as much of a rip off as your Aunt was last night.

And if your friend Adel is hungry, I'll take him to the market, and will duly Fill Adel For Ya.
Just next to our hotel we did a walking tour then loaded up with a salad and some cheeses for our room.  Clearly a well earned reputation for a most-see spot in city center.  Lots of local color and foods with a mix of locally grown produce and fruits, plenty of places to eat diner style with counter and stool and a remarkable set of gourmet speciality shops with experts to help you with selections.  Fantastic place to checkout just as all the other reviews said.  Amazing!
Being from Hawaii, I had only heard of the Reading Terminal from playing the Parker Brothers game, Monopoly.  Hey, little did I know or realize that these railways (Reading, Pennsylvania, Short Line and B & O (Baltimore & Ohio)) actually existed!  Not only did they exist, the Parker Brothers strategically chose these railroads for their board game because of their routes and destinations.  Well, I've gotten over my ignorance as my business travels have taken me to the great city of Philadelphia many times.

During my first visit, which I think was the most memorable, my taxi driver was kind enough to point out the Reading Terminal Market just as he drove into the porte cochère of the Marriott hotel that I would stay at for a week.  The history and touristy draw of this market didn't dawn on me until I got into my room, began to read about it (and other Philadelphia "hot spots") and found that my room overlooked the market.  I was really excited about going to check it out right away but, having just come off an eleven plus hour flight, I, instead, opted for a short nap.

When I awoke, I quickly jogged my way into the market.  This historic landmark is divided into 3 structures:  1- Reading Terminal Headhouse, 2-Reading Terminal Train shed and 3- Reading Terminal Market.  I found out that the Reading Terminal Market is located BENEATH the Train shed.  The architecture of the terminal is beautiful and was designed in the Italian Renaissance-style.  In parts of the market, you can see the engineering and construction details it took to build these immense structures.  Back in the day, it was an open-air Farmer's market.  This is a huge Farmer's Market that has been in operation since 1892.

It was dazzling to see so many vendors from various ethnicities or cultures ranging from bakeries, flower markets, fresh produce, ice cream and restaurants--All Under ONE Roof!  This market is a melting pot of The aromas, colors and sounds started to drive me wild.  I immediately started eating my way through market starting from the famed Bassett's Ice Cream (America's OLDEST ice cream company) to Termini Bros (Italian bakery - got my FIRST cannoli) and onto DiNic's (for an Italian roast pork, Provolone and broccoli rabe sandwich).   

This was a day of FIRSTS for me... I got to see and experience a bit of Americana, hear the local cultural excitement within this huge market and  smell and taste culturally diverse Pennsylvanian cuisine. Geez, I thought to myself that since I'd be in Philadelphia for a week and hadn't really scheduled any other dining plans, THIS was going to be my life-saver!  I had to try the Pennsylvania Dutch specialty, scrapple.  Ah, if you have to ask what it is, I'm not telling...it was just tasty!  Alas, I ended up dining at other noted Philly restaurants and only got to return to the RTM 3 more times to get myself to more cannoli, amaretti, biscotti, and those Italian roast pork sandwiches.

Granted, the RTM may be more tourist-oriented but it sure was conveniently located to the Pennsylvania Convention Center which is in the Market East section.  I did return to shop and dine here on subsequent trips to Philadelphia.

Oh, just in case you're wondering... The reason why the Parker Brothers chose the Pennsylvania, Reading and Short Line (Shore Fast Line) railroads for the ORIGINAL U.S. Edition of Monopoly board game was because of their routes led directly to Atlantic City.  A side note:  B & O Railroad also operated on the East Coast but did NOT serve Atlantic City. 

#514
HOW TO VISIT RTM RIGHT/HOW TO TAKE OUT OF TOWNERS TO RTM in 11 easy steps

1. Do you/your friends hate crowds? Forget it. Just don't even try. I brought extended family here and they got so overwhelmed we left and they decided it would be a good idea to go to Field House for cheesesteaks. A part of me died that day.

2. Is it Sunday or Monday? Go home. That's where the Amish are, and you don't want to miss them.

3. Now that you/your normal friends are psyched for the experience, enter, be amazed, and maybe take a lap or two around to work up an appetite. 

4. Stop at DiNic's for the Best Sandwich in America talk about how this was on Man vs Food. (Roast pork, broccoli rabe, sharp provolone.) It's worth the line. Split it between at least two people. You're gonna need to save room. (Maybe let other friends get what they spotted/are in the mood for, too, if they're being good. I hear the Rib place, Meltkraft is great fancy grilled cheeses, and Hershel's is always good for some giant deli brisket/pastrami/corned beef sandwiches.)

5. Go to Termini Brothers. Get a cannoli. Look across the aisle at the other chocolate place. Talk about how weird chocolate covered onions are and how awesome chocolate cheesesteaks are (once you realize there's no cheese or steak in there).

6. Go to Bassett's. Get ice cream from oldest ice cream company in America.

7. Hit up 4th Street Cookie Company. Get cookies.

8. Go to Amish guy. Try juice samples. Buy some juice.

9. Go to Tubby Olive, try lots and lots of olive oils and vinegars. Buy a little bottle for whoever is the unlucky person who did not take this trip to Philadelphia with your friends.

10. Get some cheese from some cheese counters for later. Ask them what type of cheese to get.

11. Get some produce from Iovine's for later. If it's Wednesday (or Sunday, but it shouldn't be: See #2), use your student ID for a discount.

ENJOY PHILLY!
Rating: 3.5/5.

Food network's advertisements of "Tommy Dinic's" brought me there. The roasted pork broccoli sandwich was more tender and enjoyable than the beef brisket one. 

The highlight of the crowded and touristic Reading terminal market was the honey sampling at "Bee natural". Their raw honey was so delicious and came in so many unusual and interesting flavors! I ended buying a big container, which lasted me years.

The market had a miniature train track, which was a hit with children.

While it was a fine place to get your steps in, nothing was outstanding. I may have been spoiled by places such as the Boston Public Market or Eataly. Those luxuous markets offered more samples and surprising products.

If I were to have lunch there again, I would try the Carmen's shop selling cheese steack sandwiches.
Reading Terminal Market is the most magical place on Earth, not Disney.  I don't think words can express how much I love this market.   It is one of the oldest public markets in the USA.  It's been around for 126 years.  You can find anything here.  The market has a wide variety of ethic products, Pennsylvania dutch products, homemade soaps, local spirits, locally sourced produce and meats, international and domestic cheeses, exquisite chocolates, and much much more.  

I am obsessed with Downtown Cheese, a shop offering an overwhelming selection of cheeses and cold cuts from all over the globe.  Mueller Chocolate Co. was my second favorite shop.  They have a chocolate covered onion and other unique chocolate offerings.  I personally enjoy the truffles.  

This place is also foodie heaven with all the little quirky restaurants offering from American, Mediterranean, Italian, Vegan, Caribbean, I think you get the picture; they have whatever you fancy.

5 stars! My new favorite spot in Philly.
Foodies heaven. Must visit for all Yelpers.

This place was recommended by so many people including Uber drivers. It is unfortunate they close early. I wish they stay open for dinner.

Don't make the same mistake as I did and be sure to come hungry.

Amish soft pretzels looked really good. I know they are good as I had one in Lancaster earlier. I walked around, up and down and everywhere to check out each one of them.

This market alone is a destination and must visit in Philadelphia.
I absolutely love this place. I wish I lived closer so I could go for shopping more often. They have the best seafood  ever. I highly recommend it to everyone!
600th review!

I have experienced food markets before in Baltimore and DC, but boy is Reading Terminal Market is on a whole other level.  I would describe it as a cross between a food court, a carnival, and Grand Central Station. Given the many options and people watching opportunities, I can see why it's an iconic Philly attraction that everybody talks about. Come for the food, brave the crowds, and have fun exploring!
Simply Magical...

This indoor market is remarkable. There are endless aisles lined with everything from baked goods, confections, restaurants and shops. There is truly something for everyone here.

Been to Philly several times and never visited this gem. Most certainly worthy of a day trip. Be sure to visit on a very empty stomach. Do note that the market is mainly comprised of foods. 

Don't make the mistake we made and pay major for parking. Find the lot just across the street and pay for four to five bucks with ten dollar purchase.
CALLING ALL FOODIES!!!! This place is HEAVEN on Earth for food lovers!! I can't believe this past weekend was my first time here after being to Philly a few times!! Anything you could possibly want to eat in one place!! I did my homework beforehand since our time was limited and I wanted to make sure I tried nothing but the best!!

-Beck's Cajun Cafe: Hands down my favorite!! They were serving bright and early...couldn't pass up on trying the award winning Trainwreck sandwich...WOW!! My mouth is salivating as I type! I also tried their fried mac & cheese balls which were delish!! Staff was friendly and helpful!! 
- By George!: BEST Stromboli I've ever had!! We shared the Italian, phenomenal! 
-Valley Shepard Creamery & Meltkraft: shared the Somerset Grilled cheese which was good. Awesome for cheese and olive lovers!
-Old City Coffee: much needed booster after feasting!! 
-Flying Monkey Bakery: AMAZING SERVICE!! So friendly and sweet!! We actually came here Saturday and Sunday! Not a dessert person but my daughter loved their whoopies! 

Sadly, I could've done without :
-Sang Kee Peking Duck's shrimp dumplings...sauce was great, but wasn't a fan! 
-Fox and Son Fancy Corn dogs was terrible!! I went with the cheese and jalapeno corn dog...really wish I hadn't...sauce was gross and jalapenos were dried up and tasteless. 

But hey you live and you learn!   

TIPS:
-COME EARLY!! Some places don't start serving their heavier foods till 10:30-11am...I still recommend you get here as early as possible to avoid the lines. I got to the terminal at 8:30am and was able to grab some food, eat at a table with no wait, digest, and repeat once the the other places started serving. 
-Crowd starts coming in around by 11am, making the table seating limited.
-Come with a friend(s)!! It's so much more fun when you can try out a bunch of spots and just split it with friends. 
-A lot of the merchants are closed on Sundays (Amish thing) so if you're coming on the weekend, Saturdays is your day!

Reading terminal,  until we meet again!
Like the Liberty Bell, cheesesteaks, and that pesky city wage tax, the Reading Terminal Market is one of those things that makes Philadelphia uniquely Philadelphia.

Yes, it's a historical site, but more importantly, it's full of vendors selling delicious food. There's something for everyone: Amish sellers are there part of the week, and you can pick up groceries or get your grub on if you're in the mood for a cheesesteak, Thai, Indian, ice cream, oysters - you name it.

If the Market was open past 5 PM, I'd be the happiest camper. And poorer, but who's watching my wallet?

PRONOUNCIATION: Remember, it's "Redding", rhymes with sledding. Don't ask me why.
Reading Terminal Market is a huge indoor food market in downtown Philadelphia.  There are hundreds of stalls that offer all kinds of foods from meats to fruits, vegetables and pastries.  If you are hungry this is the place for you.  There are also vendors that offer vegan and vegetarian options as well.  Tons of food to choose from.  Beware, it's crowded.  Parking is difficult as well.  There is very little street parking, however there is a city parking garage which fills up quickly.  Also don't forget to get your ticket validated at the market, otherwise parking is very expensive.  With validation 3 hrs. max for $5, otherwise your looking at about $10 an hour.  It's definitely worth going if you are hungry!
I came to the Reading Terminal Market due to a recommendation from a friend, as he told me to check out DiNics for their famous Roast Pork, & Roast Beef sandwiches.
Upon seeing DiNics on a T.V. food channel, I made it a point to check out the Reading Terminal Market over the weekend. 

What can I say about the Reading Terminal Market?

Well, the best way to describe this place is - it's like a GIANT mega food court & store!!! 
You name it, they probably have it here...........all kinds of ethnic foods can be found here, as well as fresh farm produce, meats & poultry, finest seafood items, baked goods & confections.

My mission when I had visited the Reading Terminal Market was to try the sandwich from DiNics (which I accomplished), as I ended up eating both the roast pork, & roast beef sandwiches.............I really enjoyed both sandwiches, but between the two...........I gave the thumbs up to the roast pork!

While walking around the mall, I ran into another sandwich shop called - Carmen's Famous Italian Hoagie & Cheesesteaks. 
The time when I was there, I saw our island son - Barack Obama come to Carmen's to eat a cheese steak, so I figured if it was good enough for President Obama, it was a must for this island son to also give it a try too! Lol!

There is a very long history about the Reading Terminal Market, as I read a brochure about this place.............let me share a little of what I read.

Apparently back in 1892 the Reading Railroad opened the Reading Terminal Market below the tracks of their massive new train shed. The 78,000 sq. foot market held nearly 800 spaces for vendors & was touted as the "greatest food market" in the world!
By 1971, the Reading Railroad went bankrupt & the Reading Terminal Market started to decline & be in disrepair. 
Beginning in the 1980's, the Reading Company renewed attention to the market & began a turnaround of the facilities, and by 1984 trains stopped running to the station above the market and the city's commuter rail system was re-routed to bypass the old Reading Terminal. 
By 1990 the historic building was sold to the Pennsylvania Convention Center Authority, who rebuilt the market to strict historic preservation standards, and also set up a non-profit management company to run the market and maintain the historical integrity of this place.

I must say, if you're ever in Philadelphia, take sometime to check out the  Reading Terminal Market, as you should put it in your "must" list of things to do! 
Visiting the market has a lot of very cool historical value, as well coming here to try the various types of food...........it's basically a foodie lovers paradise!!!
Butterfly in the sky, I can go twice as high. Take a look it's in a book, it's a Reading Rainbow?!?....No No No you're uterrly confused my friends, this is the Reading Terminal not Reading Rainbow you won't find Levar Burton here either :(

Reading Terminal was the one of the many highlights of my trip to Philly. We ended up having a hotel nearby so we were about 5 mins within walking distance of the terminal.  The Reading Terminal is an indoor public market and a historic landmark building for Philly.  There's tons of merchants and vendors inside the terminal to choose from, too many I can't even count so I will list my favorites:

Beiler's Donuts - OMGOODNESS, the east coast knows how to make dounuts and this place is no different.  Make sure you stock up on Saturday because they are closed on Sundays.

Valley Shepherd Creamery - this cheeseshop is known for it's grilled cheese sandwiches.  The Somerset is a must!

Four Seasons - if you're looking for a health kick this is the spot for you.  An assortment of fruit smoothies to choose from.

Keven Parker's Soul Food Cafe - Food Network Rated Best Fried Chicken, this is a must stop at the terminal.

The Reading Terminal has it all, a wide variety of food to choose from, sit down restaurants, you can even do a little produce shopping for the house.  If visiting Philly try to get a hotel near the terminal as it will be your one stop for a quick and delicious bite.
Not much to add about the Reading Terminal Market with over 3,000 Yelp reviews but it still is a must stop for anyone visiting Philadelphia. My father used to bring my brother and myself there when we were kids in the late 60's and early 70's. I remember all the butchers and only a few restaurants and saw dust on the floors.  He would treat us to Bassets ice cream. We used to always get our turkeys from Moyers and once borrowed their large Phillies banner to take to Shea stadium when the Phillies played the Mets (my Uncle lived in Queens). The building's history can be felt when walking around.

The Reading Terminal Market has evolved and now has a lot more eating establishments. Yes it is touristy, but it still remains a really cool place. It does get crowded but that is part of the charm. There is something to eat for everyone and deciding what to choose or finding seating might be difficult, but the experience and diversity of food is worth it. Tommy DeNic's and Beiler's Bakery are probably the most popular and naturally the most crowded. There are so many other establishments worth trying and the market is something that is uniquely Philadelphia. I just wish I could go back in time and be there again with my parents.
As soon as I walked in, I said it reminded me of Essex St. Market in NYC...but as I kept walking, I realized it was just bigger and better (and I love the Essex market). This place blew me away. If you can't find something to eat here, you are going to have to turn in your digestive system. You don't deserve it. 

The smells, the colors, it's completely overwhelming. I saw amazing prices on everything from fish to fruit to beautiful NY strips ($10.99/lb). If I wasn't hopping on a train for an hour back to NYC, I would've stocked up for sure. 

Somehow I got talked into eating an enormous roast pork hero from Dinic's with delicious spicy peppers all over it. For breakfast. And it was phenomenal.
My review for this place is LONG overdue, and I know it is only going to be a drop in the sea of the 3,240 reviews this place already has. *Note that this place is called the READING terminal market, yet it is pronounce REDDING. 

This Market is nestled between 11th & 12th Ave and Arch Street. There are several entry and exit points, one being right by the Hilton. 

This place is a foodie lovers paradise and overload!!! There is virtually something for EVERY palate. Want something fresh, hot, sweet, creamy, chocolate ears, something loaded with carbs to indulge your senses...they've got you covered here!!!

They have a LARGE produce section filled with an array of healthy options, I didn't spend much time in this section but everything appeared to be in peak freshness/ripeness. 

There is a LARGE selection of fresh meats (steaks, roasts, ribs etc) and what seems to be an even larger selection of mouth watering deli meats to choose from. We are talking stacks of piled high meats ready to be consumed in between two slices of bread, topped on a cracker with a cheese spread (that they have plenty of) or to just snack on a lone. 

If you do not want to make your own sandwich, they got you covered as well. You can walk over to another vendor that sells gut busting sandwiches such as: chicken Caesar, fresh mozzarella, chicken caprese, Pompeii etc. The sandwiches can either be purchase on loaves (better have a big appetite) or a more hand held option like ciabatta. A few steps over and you can purchase one of their ridiculously HUUUUUUUGE philly cheesesteaks, where they prepare the food in front of you. They also put on a show while they make it, which is kind of cool. Don't feel limited to just a traditional cheesesteak, you can get a chicken cheesesteak, pizza cheesesteak, broccoli rabe, BLT cheesesteak and on. You can also choose the cheese, be it provolone, American, or the east coats favorite cheese sauce. 

Next to the philly cheesesteak counter, they have pasta sheets that they will cut to your preference, while you wait for your food. You can pay at the same register. The pasta we purchased was seasonal, Pumpkin Pasta and it was terrific. 

If you meander to the left of the cheesesteak counter, they have a variety of comfort foods ranging from lasagna, spaghetti, Stromboli's, chicken parmigiana, and meatballs. 

Once you have quelled your hunger pangs, head over to their bakery section. There you can load up with cannoli's (filled to order), cheesecakes, torts, individual sliced cakes. Ever wonder what a chocolate shaped foot with almond toes, or Van Gogh's ear tasted like??? The also have a variety of caramel apples, plain, dipped in chocolate AND caramel or overloaded with chocolate chunks, marshmallows and drizzled in peanut butter. 

There are plenty of other delectable delights in this jam packed market, too many to list. Come hungry and with plenty of ambition. You could easily spend hours, if not a whole day here. Lines can be long at times, and some counters require you to take a number. It is worth the wait and weight ;)
An. Absolute. Must.

MUUUUUST!!! An absolute must visit when in Philly, baby! This public market has everything that your little heart could ever damn desire! Fresh local and exotic produce, high quality meat and seafood, artisan cheeses, fresh baked goods, and an amazing array of different cultural cuisines! Food, food, and more food! So many damn choices that it'll make your head spin. 

All of the stands are from locally owned and family run businesses, making this market even that much more special. Seating is cafeteria style, so you can peruse the market, pick up several food items, and then enjoy some grub right there in the food hall. Aside from food, this market also features several stands with handcrafted jewelry, clothing, souvenir, and more.

Of course, lil' ol' me couldn't purchase something from ever vendor (I damn sure wish I could have though). So, I ended up getting some bbq from Frank's bbq. Ordered a bbq chicken wing plate with mixed veggies, mac n' cheese, and a roll, and it was scrumptious! The chicken wings were super juicy and the mac n' cheese was so lovably cheesy. Can't forget about their yummy banana cornbread! I got one of these for dessert and it was sooo friggin' moist and delicious! I'm dreaming about it now. Frank's is an awesome option if you're looking for a spot to eat at in the market. 

You have to... HAAAAVE to stop by here during your visit to Philly. It's an iconic 125+ year city staple that has so much to offer.
I went on a Sunday and kept reading that the lines get crazy as this was true, in my opinion the lines move so fast that it doesn't feel like a bother. They have stations set up that will prevent getting lost. There are a lot of eateries and I am def coming back to try more. Only thing is next time I will bring wet wipes because it can messy. I was fortunate to try 3 different places here. I got the Olympia Gyro's, Basset's Ice Cream and than to finish the food coma I got some cookies from The General Store. 

Olympia Gyro's- They were so good, soft warm pita bread with freshly sliced lamb. The Gyro sauce compliments the wrap nicely. Nothing over powers another its just the right blend you want.

Bassets Ice Cream- Massive scoops. I bought some for my sister and she was amazed when she seen her cone. I got the Butterscotch Vanilla in a waffle cone. It was both creamy and sweet and the waffle cone was satisfying. It was a big cone.

PA General Store- I got Top 3 best cookie I ever had in my damn life. I got the Lemon and White chocolate, The Turtle, and the Original Chocolate Chip Cookie. I would def shop by the pound next time. Don't make the mistake and not bring back extra for home.
The Reading Terminal Market was originally opened in 1893 by the Reading Railroad Company.  There is  over 100 vendors selling baked goods,  produce, meat, poultry, fish, clothing, books, ice cream, subs - just to mention a few vendors. This is the home of Tommy DiNic's famous roasted pork sandwiches. It looked and smelled great, but I was won over by Hershel's East Side Deli for  hot pastrami on rye. No matter which vendor you choose, the food is going to be awesome!
If you love to eat, you will love it here. Come hungry, but not hangry. You could probably spend days here and still not finish all the stuff that you want to try. 

The best strategy is to come as a team. These are the roles of each teammate. Without them, you will not have the best experience that you possibly can have:

1. The hunter of seats - must be strong and able to hold their ground. You may have multiple members on this team. Their main lines are, "You can't sit with us" or "Sorry, this seat is taken, and that one too" 
2. The hunter of food - must be a wise decision maker and have great rationing skills as you will be the ones gathering and feeding the troops. Again, you may have multiple members in this team if you want to take down all targets of food in the building.
3. The hunter of dessert - must be fast, but not too fast (you gotta make it back to the fort before everyone finishes their food because you can't get full on dessert only. Bonus if you can get everything back unmelted. 
4. The time manager - if you drove here, more than likely, you're parked at a paid meter. Your job is to make sure all teams complete their tasks in a timely manner and you return to your vehicle before the time runs out.
*This role may be combined with any roles above. 

If you master all these roles, you will have a successful meal. May the odds be ever in your favor, tributes. Let the games begin!
As someone who grew up in DE and who has traveled through Philly to visit the fam for the past six years, I can't fathom why I wasn't aware of RTM until less than a year ago, and why I never visited until the day before yesterday!  Although there is a public market in PGH, where I live now, it pales in comparison to RTM--a more appropriate comparison would be to the entire neighborhood that the public market is located in (the Strip District).  What I'd like to know is, how does Philly manage to fit most of the offerings of the Strip into one building?!?

Anyway, I wanted to make the most of my first visit to RTM, so I did my research, and hit the following places for the following goods, all of which cost me about $25:

DiNic's: Roast pork sandwich w/ sharp provolone and broccoli rabe
Miller's Twist: Pretzel w/ honey mustard sauce
Lancaster County Dairy: Orange strawberry lemonade
Bassett's Ice Cream: Peanut butter swirl sugar cone
Beiler's Bakery: Half dozen donuts

Because I came here directly off the train from Pittsburgh, which was running late and hadn't made the usual stop in Harrisburg for lunch, all I'd eaten all day was a bagel at 7am and an apple at 1pm.  So, needless to say, when I arrived here around 3:30pm, I was ravenously hungry, and ate everything listed above with the exception of the donuts, which I brought home for my family.  I was surprised at how many vendors were open when I visited, but one of them explained that they were open later than usual due to the proximity to Thanksgiving.  How lucky for me, since I wasn't expecting to be able to patronize Miller's or Beiler's, given that they're not usually open at this time!

I'll leave the details of each foodstuff I tried to reviews of the individual vendors (forthcoming), but suffice it to say that everything, with one exception, was supremely delicious!  I left RTM stuffed and happy--a good thing, since I had an hour-long ride on SEPTA to DE to look forward to.  I walked out of there wondering why I'd never been to RTM before, and thinking that I need to get back here ASAP to sample more of the offerings.  In fact, I'm planning to talk the fam into taking me back here for brunch at Dutch Eating Place on Sat. before my train back to PGH leaves on Sat.

Long story short, this place is awesome!!!  If you're a visitor to Philly, you need to see this place before you leave.  If you're a local and you haven't visited, crawl out from under that rock you're living under and get here ASAP!
There are 2 reasons why I fly to Philadelphia International Airport versus Newark Airport when going back East.

1. Cost: Savings of up to $100-200 per ticket 
2. Reading Terminal Market:

Definitely not one of the largest markets in the nation, but sometimes less is more. There are some "hot spots" that were featured on Man vs Food and the Travel Channel's named DiNic's Roast Pork and Beef "Best Sandwich in America" and Beiler's Bakery are my absolute favorite to dine at.

I can see why DiNic's sandwiches was honored that award. I had the roast beef with peppers, provolone, and broccoli rabe that was an excellent sandwich. This sandwich used simple ingredients with the right balance of flavor and the freshness that you can taste and see.

This market definitely made my criteria as one of my all time favorite markets to visit. Don't let the size fool you. It may be small but the cultural diversity of merchants, activities offered (check their calendar), and location in downtown Philadelphia puts this on top of my list. Chinatown is ONLY a walking distance away!

TIP: $4 parking fee for 2 hrs with $10 purchase and validation for a quick bite.
If you like "varieties" of food.... this is the MUST GO place!! So many different vendors selling food, beverage, dessert, etc. One of the popular place in town for sure~

This place reminds me of Grand Central Market in Los Angeles!! 

There are different bus lines pass by this market. Also, if you are taking the hop-on hop-off tour bus, there is a stop at this location as well.
Warning: if you bring out-of-towners to Reading Terminal Market, they are sure to show up on your doorstep again asking to go back. Reading Terminal is also known to cause sensory overload. 
This is THE primary choice for lunch when I have friends from out of town visiting. I have yet to eat at the same stand twice and have never been short of pleased by my meals. Be prepared to be a bit overwhelmed with your culinary selections: there is everything from Amish comfort food to Iraqi inspired treats.
The actual market is also worth visiting. Extremely fresh fish, vegetables, and fruits can be found on the side near Market East; a great place to stop on your way home from work (the market is open until 6 pm on week days). Also, the prices are fabulous! 
The best part of Reading Terminal for at-home cooks though would have to be the Spice shop, located near the Beer Garden (yes, there is a beer garden; beer selections are meh though). They have every spice you can think of all for MUCH cheaper than you'll find anywhere else. Note: the spices are packaged in little baggies, so you'll need to have your own containers to transfer them into.
 I will be here soon to stock up on my fresh foods for the week, and cannot wait until another friend visits so I can try yet another stand!
Talk about sensory overload.  The din, the visual assault, the aromas, the throngs of shoppers...I loved it.

There's something, of everything, for anybody, at Reading Terminal Market.  Beautiful produce at affordable prices.  Ready-to-eat world cuisine from India to Japan to Belgium.  Fish markets and butchers.  Bakeries and fromageries.  Pennsylvania Dutch stalls and honey stands.  All-herb stalls and French textiles.  Kitchen gadgets and plants.  RTM has you covered better than any supermarket ever could.

My favorite stalls were:

~The Herbiary with its essential oils, medicinal herbs, and home remedies.
~Kauffman's Lancaster County Produce, which had a dozen flavors of covered pretzels, beet and okra chips, and a zillion other novelties from Dutch country.  Not to mention eminently friendly vendors.
~Amy's Place kitchen wares.  I love a good gadget, and this stall is full of 'em.
~Fair Food Farmstand.  All the produce is local and organic from small-scale farms, with an emphasis on humanely-raised meats and sustainable agriculture.  Yesss!

I'd like to pull a "Career Opportunities" in Reading Market.
Monopoly fans may recognize the Reading Terminal Market as part of the now famous Reading Railroad in the game, but Philadelphians may now associate good food with the Reading Railroad. This historic market outlasted the railroad, but kept the name. It is located in downtown Philadelphia with entrances on North 12th Street close to SEPTA and the subway.

The market has evolved mostly into a large food court, like most other public markets throughout the United States. There are still a good number of fresh food suppliers including butcher counters and produce stands, but most people head here for prepared goods and meals. Most of the individual businesses have separate reviews on Yelp.

Inside, the atmosphere is fun and crazy. There are lots of people and few directional signs making for a lot of confused people. This is not usually a problem since there are so many choices and unique options. The market opens early, but also closes early. This makes breakfast and lunch easy, but not so much for dinner. You can grab some raw meat for a long train ride home!

Anyone who enjoys food should visit Philadelphia. Anyone visiting Philadelphia will probably find something to enjoy at the Reading Terminal Market. It is still a bit rough around the edges, especially for suburban folks, but this is a fun and cool place to get your grub on.
A true foodie's heaven! You'll want to come here hungry! 

There is absolutely something for everyone here... and then some! 

Chocolates, cheeses, coffees, cookies, cheesesteaks, pizzas, meats, seafood, gelato, pastries, not to mention all the specialty foods 

Everything is extremely fresh & there's no wrong place to start digging in 

Snagged some local cinnamon honey & chocolates.....we got there too late to try the famous Apple Dumplings & they were closed Memorial Day Monday - boo! 

But next time, my pretties.....for sure!! The plan will be to come for breakfast & eat my way through dinner!
I work near RTM and go here way too much. Here's my quick guide on the highlights of where to eat: 

Breakfast
Beiler's donuts - Ranked by Fodor's as America's 20 best desserts spots. They do donuts well. Apple fritter and Dutch crumb are my favs. 
Beiler's bakery - You'll need to share the blueberry loaf of bread. Honorable mention for the sticky bun, but it's not served warm.
Metropolitan bakery - They do typical baked goods well. I love the almond croissant and various muffins. 
Dutch Eating Place - Breakfast done well. Love the pancakes.

Lunch
Little Thai Market - Their grilled salmon dish (comes with rice and broccoli) is good and affordable ($7 and some change). You can get extra curry sauce and/or shrimp if you pay a little extra. This dish is popular with the locals and you can see a line at lunch time. If there's a long line, I would skip unless you really want to eat seafood.

Sandwiches
Hatville Deli - Corned beef special
Dinic's - Featured on Man vs. Food. Get the roast pork, get it with provolone.
Herschel's Deli - Pastrami sandwich preferably reuben. The corned beef is also good. 
The Original Turkey - thick slices of turkey, cooked perfectly.

Snack -
Miller's Twist - The pretzels are way better than Auntie Annie's. 
Iovine Brothers Produce - eat healthy and get some fruits or nuts for the road.

Dessert
4th Street Cookie Company - My favorite is the chocolate chip with walnut
Basset's Ice Cream
Termini Brothers - Get the cannoli 
Beck's Cajun Cafe - The beignets are amazing, but only served on certain days.
Beiler's Bakery - The shoofly pie and whoopie pie are good and very unique to this culture.
Dutch Eating Place - Hot apple dumpling, the PA Dutch version of an apple pie.
Flying monkey - Get your dessert fix here if you're vegan.

Beverages
Old City Coffee - This hits the spot after all the food you've eaten. Goes great with dessert.
This review is solely for the Gorgonzola cheese bought to me as a gift from my darling brother and his lovely gf.

Jesus, Joseph and Mary (in an Irish brogue)!!
This cheese transported me to an out of this world experience. After the initial bite, I left the planet, flew to the moon, danced and wined with aliens then landed back to Earth. Holy cow! It literally melted in my mouth, there's no chewing required whatsoever. I already had my crackers out to elevate the cheese, but after that bite, I put them away. It's so smooth, has the perfect texture (not too firm or too soft) and has the perfect amount of buttery creaminess, that it totally stands well on its own. The taste is so subtle but flavorful where nothing else is required besides a beautiful glass of wine to accentuate that wonderful aftertaste. I'm not a fan of blue cheese but this one, won me over.

If you're looking for a gift or souvenir, look no further, this is you're wining ticket.
There's no question that I love Reading Terminal Market.  So much that I actually went twice during my last visit to Philadelphia even though it wasn't planned.  In reality though, if you're visiting from out-of-town, you'll definitely need more than one day to try a good amount of the many food vendors it has to offer.

I covered a lot during those two days:  Beiler's Bakery, Dutch Eating Place, Tommy DiNic's, Keven Parker Soul Food Cafe, and Beck's Cajun Cafe.  All good eats and I highly recommend trying them all if you have a chance.  And even though that may seem a lot, there's still a multitude of over vendors I still have yet to try.  Maybe next time I'll try more of them, but it might be hard to sway from my favorites above, especially Dutch Eating Place and Tommy DiNic's, both which I already tried from my last Philly visit 4 years ago.

Like I stated in my previous review, Reading Terminal Market is truly a great sampling of what Philadelphia has to offer in terms of food.  And I don't think I can ever get tired of the place!
This is definitely the place to be if you're visiting Philadelphia.  It is pretty similar to the Grand Central Market in LA, but there are a lot more stores/vendors/restaurants.  There is a pretty large seating area and plenty of stuff to try.  I specifically tried Beiler's donuts because that was one of the donut place I wanted to try the most.  I think no matter what you're craving for, Reading Terminal Market will have it.  Stop by and check it out when you're in philly!
So yea, go here!

The Reading Terminal Market (Pronounced as 'red', not 'reed') is a collection of restaurants, shops and stores that really could soak up an entire day here if you wanted it to.  Sadly we didn't have all day, and just a few hours, but I think we sampled a fair amount of what the Redding Terminal had to offer.  

Rather than list every store that's found at the market, i'll just list the locations we visited.  Those places were we visited were:

DiNic's Roast Pork and Beef
Flying Monkey
Old City Coffee inc
Termini Brother's Bakery
Beiler's pickle patch
Glick's rib shack

Again, by no way is my very small sample of the market a real representation of the market, but my tastebuds were happy and if/when I return to Philadelphia, i'll be back to the Reading Terminal Market to sample more of what this place has to offer.  

100% pay this place a visit, and bring your appetite!!
I loved our visit to Reading Terminal Market! There is no shortage of things you *want* to try so it's just a matter of figuring out how to try the most of everything. It's concept is very similar to places like Pike Place (Seattle), Grand Central Market (Los Angeles), etc...

Lines for some vendors were certainly much longer than others, but most still moved fairly quickly. Staff at most food stands were also incredibly friendly and willing to chat up locals and tourists alike. Most visitors to Reading Terminal Market are also very friendly - I really only had one passing negative incident where a man pushed me out of his way and into one of the display cases at the Pennsylvania General Store. 

Of all the things we tried, my favorites were easily:

1. Beiler's Donuts: the fritters are a must. We even flew some back across the country to the Bay Area. A little reheating and they were just as fluffy and springy as bought fresh!

2. Herschel's Deli: while the pastrami was good, the corned beef was the real winner. Excellent flavor, stacked nice and high, good slaw. Yum.

3. Carmen's Famous Cheesesteaks: wiz is cool, but I like my real cheese. Their provo sauce is made with a mixture of provolone and cream cheese. Their steak was also of a much better quality than that of Pat's/Geno's.

We also tried:

1. Dutch Eating Place: probably should have gotten something sweet as it seemed like this is what they are really known for but the chicken pot pie was still pretty good.

2. Hunger Burger: fresh lobster mac and cheese came our when we passed by...it was a non-negotiable order at that point.

3. Miller's Twist: I don't know of a baked pretzel I've adored more as of recently...

4. DiNic's: The roast pork was okay, definitely not the best sandwich I've had
A little or a lot of just about everything food here. We ate a hot cheesesteak and I do mean hot meat and  pepper sandwich here at one stand and had to hightail it over to the ice cream stand to tame the flames. Great spot to people watch, shop and get your eats and drinks on. 

Highly recommend this stop on your downtown Philly tour.
I absolutely loved this clusterfxck of food vendors jampacked into these tight quarters. I may even have been more excited about coming here than my visit downtown.  There are tons of people, super noisy which I think just adds to the appeal of this Philly staple.

This is a foodie's paradise. No joke. There are vendors everywhere selling every palatable whoozits and whatzitz imaginable.  cheesesteaks, pizza, pastries, cheese, meats, seafood, they have everything here. There's a lot of scattered tables for sitting and you can literally eat your way through the market if your belly and wallet allowed. 

Some shops are cash only, but most take credit cards.  Parking can be found in the neighboring areas for a small fee. 

In my one hour here, we managed to get a half dozen donuts, a cheesesteak, and pizza.  That didn't include much browsing time though.  Make sure you give yourself enough time to truly enjoy walking around and soaking up the atmosphere.
Almost every big city has a market like Reading Terminal. It's great because as a visitor to the city, you can explore a variety of cuisines in one location.

The market is located very close to the convention center, which makes it very convenient for breakfast, lunch or a quick snack. Although it is extremely crowded at lunchtime, The vendors seem to know how to get people through the line and moving. There is a decent sized seating area, but during the lunch hour it may be challenging to find a seat for more than one person.

All sorts of food can be found here from Dutch to Italian, Chinese, Korean and Mediterranean. There are cheesesteak vendors, along with stands offering fresh produce, baked goods, and meat. The famous roast pork sandwich at DiNic's and Bassett's delicious ice cream are both located here as well.

This market is great for groups as the variety of offerings will surely appease even the pickiest eaters and the price points are rather reasonable.
It's whackadoodle that I've never reviewed Reading Terminal Market, seeing as how it's one of those places I always encourage visitors to check out when they're in Philly. All kinds of yummy adventures await you inside those walls, the most awesome of which is Beiler's Whoopie Pie. Go early in the day because they sell out often - they're only $1 and are the closest approximation to earthly bliss I've ever experienced. 

Fresh produce, fish, meat, flowers, baked goods (make sure to stop by Flying Monkey Patisserie for some cupcakes to wash down your Whoopie Pie) and more...the choices are outrageous and there's something for everyone. I also love me some Delilah's for Southern food and the Amish food counter for some breakfast delights.  If you have the option of not visiting at lunchtime, I highly suggest you stay far away, as the experience just isn't the same when it's crowded; and trust me, the elbow to boob factor is crazy high during peak hours! If you've gotta be there between 11:30 and 1:30, might I suggest donning some full body armor?
I've visited this Philly icon a handful of times over the years.  This time around, I broke the most essential cardinal rule:  'Come hungry.'  Indeed.  You see, a couple hours before, I'd stopped with hubby and kid at John's Roast Pork.  A meal I'd ultimately regret, but that's for another review.  Point is, I was still so f***ing full, the mere sight of all the food here made me feel a wee bit queasy.  I tried to power through, though. I really did:

Miller's Twist:  I've eaten Pretzels from an Amish Market before, but not this particular one.  Happily, the classic Pretzel we chose did not disappoint. I have a secret (well, maybe not so much now) thing for Auntie Ann's Pretzels and this was an elevated, buttery, soft, warm version of that.  Even in my semi-nauseous state, that was clear.  We'd ordered some cheese sauce for dipping and both hubby and kid declared, "This tastes just like butter and not in a good way!" I'll concede they were right.  It was more fatty tasting than cheesy. I'd go with Mustard next time.

Smucker's Grill:  Since I knew from previous disappointment that the Amish stands tend to close earlier than many of the others here, I'd made a point of looking up the hours.  According to the official Reading Terminal site, on Thursdays, this stand closes at 5pm.  So imagine my chagrin when we were told at 4:30 ish that they were no longer serving.  After explaining that the stated hours indicated otherwise, they were very accommodating about whipping up a Pot Roast Sandwich for us.  I asked them to add horseradish cheese, sauteed onion, and horseradish.  We wound up eating this after our two hour drive back home to Brooklyn and were shocked at how delicious it was!  I can only imagine how good this is freshly made and warm.  

This was all we could um... stomach on this visit...  But fwiw, have tried the famed donuts from Beiler's and while they're fun to experience once, I'd say there are way better ways to spend your dessert calories in Philly.  DiNic's on the other hand...  That Roast Pork Sandwich is worth everything.

Random Thoughts:  At 3pm, this place was bordering on annoyingly crowded, but by 4pm, it was downright pleasant.  This also happens to be when three hour street parking kicks in v. one hour. We were able to find a spot on N. 12th. Street, right near the entrance.   I believe there are also a couple nearby lots, including at the Hilton Garden Hotel, that with a validated minimum purchase, only charge a few bucks for two hours.

Bottom line:  If you don't like this Market, which is the soul of Philly in so many ways, then you're just not doing it right.  Go at a less crowded off time.  And since all the various options can feel overwhelming, read through some reviews to help narrow down your picks.  In this particular case, at least, Yelp is your friend.:)
OMG, if you have food on your mind, this is the place to go.  You can find ANYTING here and I mean ANYTHING.  The variety is overwhelming and it seems to never end....you can eat your way in and out,.  Fresh produce, jerky any kind, fish, meats, cheese, gourmet selections, breakfast, lunch, dinner, cheesesteaks, cookies, doughnuts, drinks both non alcohol and alcohol, you name it, I am sure you can find it here.

This is an amazing place to experience if visiting, we had the best breakfast in Philly here and a great cheesesteak as well.  The cheese selection we found was out of this world from fresh cow, to sheep to goat and the staff will give you samples to help you decide.  

I did not find anyone here who was not warm and friendly from workers to shoppers, all we very cool.  If we had more time or if we make it back to Philly in the future, this will definitely be a stop on our list to try some of the amazing items we saw but did not try this trip.

We did not find a lot of organic items especially in the produce stand but it all looked really good.  If you are in Philly and have the time, you have to put this on your list of places to experience at least once.
I have found a cure for claustrophobia. Reading Terminal Market. Crowded and bustling but everywhere you look there is something new to see and you are assaulted by mouth watering smells and temptations every few paces. It makes the volume of people jostling you entirely bearable.

My fave samplings:
Termini Brothers for tasty cheese cannoli, fig bars, sfogliatelle, pignoli cookies and biscotti.
Fisher's for Amish pretzels with butter
Lancaster Co Dairy for fresh squeezed lemonade
Salumeria for gourmet meats and cheese which made for an awesome midnight snack
Dutch Eating Place for food that is similar to Grandma's and a kick ass apple dumpling.

If I lived in Philly I would be in here all the time, the shopping looked incredible, super fresh products of all sorts. So sad to miss DiNic's though, I will have to return at some point. Thanks to Bobby P, Andrew T and Mira V for the suggestion.
Ooops. Apparently I attached this review for the incorrect reading terminal market link.
-----------------------------------------------

I absolutely loved this clusterfxck of food vendors jampacked into these tight quarters. I may even have been more excited about coming here than my visit downtown.  There are tons of people, super noisy which I think just adds to the appeal of this Philly staple.

This is a foodie's paradise. No joke. There are vendors everywhere selling every palatable whoozits and whatzitz imaginable.  cheesesteaks, pizza, pastries, cheese, meats, seafood, they have everything here. There's a lot of scattered tables for sitting and you can literally eat your way through the market if your belly and wallet allowed. 

Some shops are cash only, but most take credit cards.  Parking can be found in the neighboring areas for a small fee. 

In my one hour here, we managed to get a half dozen donuts, a cheesesteak, and pizza.  That didn't include much browsing time though.  Make sure you give yourself enough time to truly enjoy walking around and soaking up the atmosphere.
The sign over the door reads "Reading Terminal Market".  However, as one perpetually fighting my waistline, it should read "Abandon hope, all ye who enter here".

Countless food vendors, all offering unique meals.  Roast pork, corned beef specials, kabobs, chicken, sausage...you name it, its all here.  I devoured a number of these infernal temptations and faced spiritual struggle as I realized that something so bad could be...so good.  There are also a number of dessert and pastry vendors, including the ninth level of the abyss, Termini Brothers.

You probably won't have Virgil with you on your descent into dieting hell, but once out there is salvation to be had in the Purgatorio of the gym.
I never thought I'd find a market to rival Pike's Place in Seattle, but this came pretty close. I entered the market from the southeast corner, so I was greeted with the whiff of chocolate chip cookies when I walked in. I wove my way through the aisles and saw such an impressive array of fresh fruits and vegetables, an amazing variety of meats and fish (dare I say, better fish than Pike's Place?!), a huge variety of eateries (sandwiches, crepes, mediterranean, gourmet, vegetarian, Mexican, Chinese, etc.etc.), cheese, flowers.... I could go on and on. Luckily I came on a day when the Pennsylvania Dutch and Amish were here, with loads of fresh dairy products and baked goods. I came first for breakfast, but couldn't really decide, what with so many choices, and ended up with fresh oatmeal from one place, fresh squeezed fruit juice from another place, and coffee from yet another place. I came back in the afternoon wanting a sandwich, but unfortunately both Rick's and DiNic's were so crowded, I just ended up getting a hot apple dumpling from the Dutch Eating Place (http://www.yelp.com/biz/dutch-eating-place-philadelphia). Yum. I also went around and got some gifts for my family, including a bottle of PA wine and a nice big filet of bacalau. If I had had access to some cold storage, I would have loved to get some Amish butter, more baked goods, and more meats. This place is a real treasure; I wish I had a market like this in my city!
What can I say that hasn't already been said? This is a wonderful market with so many independent retailers and shops that is any small-business-shopper's dream. There are vendors who sell sandwiches and pastries, meats and seafood, jewelry and watches, fine chocolate and exquisite cordials, fresh donuts and baked goods, and lots, lots more!

It was very busy when we visited, on a Tuesday morning, so I don't even want to imagine what it is like during the weekends! We mostly window-shopped and ultimately bought a maple donut for about a buck and which tasted phenomenal. I really love places like these that could be overpriced but choose not to.

Absolutely a must-visit place when visiting Philadelphia!
This is a must stop every time you are either passing through or staying in Philly for any amount of time.

No matter what your mood, there is always something here for you, with endless options for sweet and savory foods.

For the best savory bite, you should head over to Tommy DiNic's for the Roast Pork Sandwich with broccoli rabe and provolone. Featured on Man vs. Food as well as his show on the Best Sandwiches in America, it really is an amazing sandwich and worth the sometimes huge line in this chaotic market.

My favorite sweet things include The Famous 4th Street Cookie Company right by the entrance, serving hot, freshly baked excellent cookies, and the Apple Dumpling from Dutch Eating Place, which is so sweet it will make you shake. Don't forget to try Hope's Cookies also though - located all the way in the back, they have some really amazing cookies and tons of other chocolates and sweets.

Whether you want some authentic Philly eats, or you are one of those Chinese families that must eat Chinese food no matter where you are, or you want an overload of excellent dessert options, Reading Market's got you covered.
My favorite market I've been to thus far ever, even including markets in Europe! This is a must visit spot when you are in Philly and it's pretty much about killing all your food spots in one hit...if your stomach has space for it!

Come hungry and come alert. If you can, tag team with someone to try multiple vendors and also have someone to save seats if possible!
I fell in love with this place in 2000 or 2001, a few years before the movie National Treasure, had a chase scene here.  The Reading Terminal Market was the first place where I learned you didn't need to buy everything from a grocery store.  I ordered amazing meats at the butcher and bought fresh produce.  Over the years, when I worked close by, I frequented this place multiple times a week and there are always great places to eat.  

I've been here for private parties, weddings, and just whenever I can get the chance.  DiNic's is one of my favorite sandwiches in the world, so I spend most of my time there.  I love the Pretzels in the market now too.  So buttery good.  Check this place out if you are in town.  A ton of tourists join locals here, but it's worth it.
A giant, gourmet food court is basically every foodie's dream and that is essentially what you'll find at Reading Terminal Market. Right across the street from the convention center, it certainly gets packed when there is an event going on but most of the lines move quick. I guess the only issue would be finding seating to eat your food. Some of the restaurants have their own seating and waiter service, some just have a bar area, and some have nothing at all.

I ended up trying a cheesesteak from By George followed by waiting 45 minutes in line for Amish donuts at Beiler's. Aside from that, they have pretty much any cuisine you'd like as well as fresh groceries (fruits/veggies, meat, fish, seafood, etc). I would definitely like to come back one day when it isn't as crazy to try out more things!
There is literally something for everyone here. Huge variety of foods and drinks. It is pretty crowded and like most of these types of markets not much seating to really enjoy what you get to eat.
I was born and raised in Philly. The glowing reviews for this place never fail to make me shake my head in bewilderment. As far as I'm concerned, this place is the Pennsylvania version of the Pennsauken Mart and my private version of a house of horrors. 

When I was a pre-schooler, my grandmother would drag me here to shop. The place smelled bad, like a combination of rotting meat and decaying vegetables. As soon as we'd arrive, I'd start to cry and squirm. No amount of my Nan threatening me with the leather belt she always carried in her purse to mete out instant punishment would reset my behavior to quiet and compliant. I wasn't a horrible, temperamental boy in general but going to RTM pushed every one of my buttons. As a shy, nervous kid, being in a big, moving crowd of people frightened me, but I was too young to express my feelings and fears, and even if I'd been able to do so, my grandparents were no nonsense immigrants who did not tolerate or pander to childish folderol. After many dreadful shopping trips with me crying, screaming, trying to run away and generally creating a scene, my grandmother began to go here on her own and leave me at home-in peace.

When I was a high schooler, sometimes friends would want to go here on a Saturday to just walk around, people watch and then get something to eat. By then, I was too big to cry and make a fuss, so I'd simply go off on my own and meet them elsewhere. Years later, I was a loner in art college and the few people I did hang out with were not the types to find RTM a 'fun' place to spend free time.

Flipping the calendar pages forward to when I moved back to Philadelphia a bit more than half a decade ago, I was simply awed by all the changes in the city, the new skyline and what was suddenly a vast wonderland of places to eat. I'd heard about Melt Kraft (RIP), which was THE place for grilled cheese sandwiches. Unfortunately the stumbling block for me was its location-Reading Terminal Market. My late friend Dee offered to go with me to help me work through my childhood associations with the market. I readily accepted because-anything for a good grilled cheese sandwich, y'know? 

We went on a Sunday. The insidious smell of rot and vegetal decay hit me as soon as I walked in, but it was not as intense as I'd remembered. The press of the crowd was, though. Dee got directions to Melt Kraft, we pushed and shoved through slow moving bodies in winter clothing and found the vendor. And a very long line of people who also shared my love of gooey, hot cheese. I said I would skip the sandwich but if she was up for it, we'd walk around. 

Since I don't like donuts, roast pork sandwiches, cheesesteaks, hoagies or looking at meat and dead fish, I don't drink coffee nor do I care for pancakes or iterations of waffles, that left a lot of places for us to just pass by and skip. I am acutely aware that I am a neurotic person, so I asked Dee if RTM was as dirty and unpleasant as I perceived it to be. She said she honestly felt it was fairly clean for a market of this kind, but she understood my feelings. We made it to Iovine's produce which oddly calmed and soothed me, but not enough for me to spend any more time there. 

Even if I was forced to entertain out of towners that I absolutely loathed, I wouldn't torture them by taking them here.

My travels have taken me to the Casbah in Morocco, public markets in Africa, butcher shops and green grocers all over Europe. I adore Chinatown and the whole Italian Market area. I can spend hours in either place walking around, eating, drinking and shopping. To me, Reading Terminal Market is nothing but a huge, smelly, crowded tourist attraction, a so-so sub par food circus and a place for me to avoid. This is, of course, simply my opinion and your mileage may vary. More power to you if it does. 

If you are a visitor to Philadelphia, please keep in mind that we are much much much more than RTM, the Phillies baseball team, soft pretzels, cheesesteaks, the Liberty Bell and the "Rocky Steps" (which are merely part of the building and lead to one of the entrances to the Philadelphia Museum of Art).
Yelp keeps telling me I need to review.... okkkkk here it is. Short and sweet.

* Its crowed except after 4
* Locals are irked by tourist who just stop in the middle of the isle when we are trying to get our lunch and you are on vacation.
* You will get lost (Local and Tourist)
* Have cash, many places don't take cards, there are numerous ATM located around. 
* Its delicious you can get a cake, smoothie, ham hocks, chitterlings, flowers, fish, cannolis, oils, Thai, spaghetti, ice cream , Shea butter, preservatives, donuts and a book under one roof.

Enjoy!
The Reading Terminal Market is one of Philadelphia's gems. If you're indecisive (like me) it can be both a dream come true and a nightmare. I found myself in Philly today and thought I stop by to brainstorm on dinner. I found some good cuts of meats, walked around and came up with some side items to go with the entree. There are so many choices that it took me entirely too long to decide but having too many options is hardly a problem (or it is a quintessential first world problem). I grabbed some coffee and lunch while I was there, browsed around a bit more and left satisfied. You can count on finding high quality goods here with prices that rival any supermarket and restaurant, bakery, etc. 

When I left this morning I thought I don't take advantage of the fact that this amazing place is so close to me often enough. It was then that I made a promise to myself to come back soon (and often).
If I lived in Philadelphia...I mean Philly cause that's what I would call it if I lived there right? So if I did live in Philly, I would be at Reading Terminal Market every day. I would also be 100 lbs heavier because I would be eating a dozen Beiler's donuts, a couple of cannolis from Termini Brothers, Philly cheesesteaks galore, ice cream at Bassetts...

You can find everything here. Not just food but other goods as well. It does get super busy though so try to find non-peak times. But if you want to soak in all the food goodness that is Philadelphia, just go here. You'll find everything!
Although the Reading Terminal Market had been described to me, I was in no way prepared for what actually awaited me.

Options. Millions of options, as far as the eye could see. In my two visits here I saw an oyster bar, Indian food, sushi, Greek food, an Amish baker.... I could go on.

The first time I went, I chose a New Orleans's themed booth and had what I thought was the best sandwich EVER. That is, until I went back the next day to Meltkraft where I definitely had the BEST. SANDWICH. EVER!

It gets crazy packed in here, and waiting for your order often means standing right in the middle of a crowded walkway. Not good for the agoraphobic or claustrophobic, but so worth it if you can get past the insanity.
Gee, let's put aaaall of F's consumable temptations underneath one roof & see if she won't go crazy. What the hell was this- a test from Buddha or something?!?!

Good lord, it seriously took me MAD will power to pry myself out of this joint. The spot with the southern food was aaaaight, the BBQ was bangin', the cookies were phenomenal. 

But the cherry on top- the ridiculously low priced sweet goodies the Amish were selling. EVERYTHING made freshly from scratch at great deals. I toootally stocked up on almost everything they had to offer.

*Deal tip: swing on by about an hour before closing, people start to sell their freshly made goods at deeply discounted prices in order to get rid of them.
So much fun to frequent, especially during the holidays!!! It can get busy so be prepared. There are some great finds here and I love buying cooking gifts for my FIL here. Definitely a must if you're new to Philly or haven't been yet!
Reading - pronounced "Redding" apparently, as I was corrected quite often.   My savior in Philly.  Want something healthy?  Tasty?  Sinful?  Across the street from my hotel?  
Every lunch I had was spent here - getting freshly carved turkey breast from "The Original Turkey", salad from "Tootsie's salad bar", sushi from "Tokyo Sushi Bar" - this sushi chef was the fastest I've ever seen, and the sushi was amazing.   If I wanted to stay with my healthy eating choices, I'd also stock my hotel fridge with fresh fruit from Iovine Brothers Produce - they also made the BEST fruit salad.  I kid you not.  Ripe, succulent, and juicy.  (Insert dirty joke here)
If I wanted to be naughty, oh it was easy to be downright perverse here.. The cornbread from Delilah's - the best I've ever eaten in my entire life hands down.  Melt in your mouth, buttery goodness..
And the grand finale...Ir-freakin-resistable cookies from The Famous 4th Street Cookie Co.  Oh holy hell.  I had to have one every day, if not only for one bite and then hand it off to one of my friends who cursed me for giving them the additional calories, but silently blessed me for leading them to cookie heaven.  I tried every flavor.. All were delectable.  But if I had to choose?  The peanut butter chocolate chip and the white chocolate macadamia nut.  
Can't we move this to Los Angeles?  Please?
A foodie's dream! So many different vendors, a melting pot of different cuisines. My favorites are DiNic's for sandwiches and Beiler's doughnuts. I will be back! 

Prices are very reasonable. They have a good amount of seating. Very casual. Make sure to get your parking validated.
Love Love Love this place. I saw on Time Out magazine that Reading Terminal Market is one of the best places to visit ones in Philadelphia. Happy to say I wasn't disappointed.

Food of all kind, Cajun, Seafood, Phillys, Japanese, coffee and best of all CHOCOLATE. 

They have little markets to buy some grocery's like vegetables, fermented food, honey, spices meat... ugh just an orgasmic place to be.

I especially loved the pastries the Amish made. Delicious everything in their amazing, check it out of your ever in the area!
Imagine one of the best food courts you've ever been to and you got the Reading Terminal. We came here in search of a sandwich we saw on the Food Network and tried not to get carried away with all of the mouth watering foods. 

I saw some of the biggest prawns I've ever seen, great looking "salads and sides" had some amazing desserts and of course we ate the sandwich we were looking for (review to come). We also stopped at Molly Malone's for a pint with our sandwich. 

My question is if you had the opportunity to come here every day, what would you choose? It all looks fantastic. 

The one thing we really missed out on was the Pennsylvania Dutch (Amish) vendors since we came here on a Monday and they were closed. We even tried back on Tuesday to no avail, so if you are headed to Reading - make sure to come Wednesday thru Saturday to make sure you get to try it all.
Reading Terminal Market is one of the largest and oldest public markets in the country, so when a friend and I were visiting Philadelphia last weekend, we knew we had to visit! The market is jam-packed full of different stands and vendors: baked goods, butchers, produce stands, fishmongers, cheese shops, etc. It's tight, crowded, hot, and full of delicious looking goods. Definitely worth visiting, but be aware that it's crowded during busy hours!
The only thing I dislike about Reading Terminal is that it is so far from my house. I really only get to go every so often when I have friends visiting from out of town! Perfect place for tourists and locals, alike. I usually have a divide and conquer routine when I walk through the doors. This way, you save on time, hit all the spots, and when you find a seat, you can each try a little bit of everything! The stands I always hit are: Dinic's (roast pork), Herschel's (pastrami), and Meltkraft (grilled cheese). For dessert, Basset's (ice cream) and Beilers (donuts). Everyone raves about the fritters at Beilers, but theyre much too sweet and oily for my liking. On the other hand, the plain glazed and powdered cream donuts are life changing. I'm hoping to branch out and maybe check out the Dutch Eating Place or maybe some of the seafood stands soon!

Tip: if you're bringing a car, you can park in the garages marked for reading terminal, grab a voucher, and get it validated by any vendor in the market when you spend over $10. 2 hour parking for $4!
This place is amazing.  Busy indoor marketplace located right in the center of the city that has every type of cuisine and all types of little shops.  Most of the places offer fast service since it's a hot spot for people to go on their lunch break.  

Reminds me a lot of Pike Place market in Seattle and puts grand central market in NYC to shame. Definitely put this on your list of places to checkout if you're visiting from out of town.
Wow, Philadelphia's Reading Terminal Market is like Seattle's Pike Place or Los Angeles' Grand Central Market. Not only is it filled with tons of vendors with delicious food, it's a treat for your eyes!

Definitely come hungry so you can try out all the different foods. So many varieties - Chinese, hamburgers, meats, beers, and more. Since we ate already, we were only able to get some donuts and try some ice cream. Definitely get some donuts from Beiler's Bakery as that is one of the most popular vendors... as proven by the long line!
Man..  If I only lived closer, I'd shop here for all my meats and seafood needs..  This place has everything under the sun, from fruits and veggies, candy and cakes, coffee, Chinese Food, Indian, Sandwich shops, meats, seafood, beef jerky, ice cream, grilled cheese restaurant, etc....  You can really spend a day here and it's a MUST visit when you come to Philly...
This place was crazy on New Year's Eve. I highly recommend you not bringing your stroller here. Use a baby/toddler carrier if you can. 

I don't remember the name of the place but the beef jerky spot is hands down my favorite place to stop by.
Thanks to DJ M. for reminding me about the great things in Reading Terminal Market. As I described it to someone back home, "it's like Pike Place Market in Seattle, but older, and without the flying fish!"

Locals can get fresh produce, fish, artisan cheeses and more to take home. Lucky them! 

Lucky everyone- we can all enjoy the great food vendors like Tommy DiNic's (roast pork w/provolone and broccoli rabe like a local), Flying Monkey whoopee pies, and on and on!

I also liked the knick knack vendors, and they range from souvenirs to one of a kind artisan items. I bought my nephew a table runner chalkboard from the vendor who has the colorful Mexican bags. She was super helpful, and let me know I can get the chalk "markers" to go with it from any craft store, even though she was selling them too.

There's a nice Information Booth here as well, that has tour information for Philadelphia, and a map of the Market! There are relatively clean bathrooms here, good to remember if you're in the area and gottagorightnow. All in all, I loved this Market!
At the time of writing this review, Reading Terminal Market (pronounced "Redding"), has over 5,100 Yelp reviews. That's a lot. It's easily one of the most-reviewed places I've visited. It's one of those popular "public" markets with a food hall and a bevy of vendors selling everything from fresh produce and flowers to handmade crafts and jewelry. A lot of big cities have them. Comparable markets include Chelsea Market in New York, the Ferry Building in San Francisco, and Pike Place Market in Seattle. In Atlanta, where I'm from, Reading Terminal Market ("RTM") reminds me most of Sweet Auburn Curb Market. New developments have popped up around the country in recent years that try to emulate a sort of old-school municipal market feel.

RTM is different because, unlike its newer counterparts, its atmosphere is genuine and not manufactured. The market opened in 1893, making it one of the country's oldest. Some of the market's vendors have been around since the very beginning, over 100 years, like Bassetts Ice Cream. You can find them just inside one of the 12th Street entrances on the west side of the market. This is where we entered.

This is a Philadelphia hot spot and one of the most recommended places for out-of-towners to go. We visited over the weekend and the market was crowded with tourists and locals alike. It should definitely be high on any foodie's Philly to-do list. There are so many food stalls here and the selection is eclectic, from Amish-style rotisserie chicken, sourced regionally, from Dienner's Bar-B-Q Chicken to Peking duck from Sang Kee Peking Duck (an RTM outpost of a Philly Chinatown favorite).

In all, there are over 80 vendors packed onto one floor. They're classified into the following categories: bakeries, beverages, dairy & cheese; housewares, books, crafts, etc; meats & poultry, Pennsylvania Dutch (note the PA Dutch vendors are closed every Sunday), produce, restaurants, seafood, and specialty foods. The market is laid out in a grid with four large aisles going north-south, and 11 smaller aisles going east-west. There are a handful of communal seating areas (almost all seats were taken during our visit), restrooms (clean enough), and an attended welcome booth if you'd like to pick up a map and/or ask for recommendations. Some of the vendors also have their own dedicated seating.

A few recommendations:

1. Roast pork sandwich at Tommy DiNic's Pork & Beef. Perhaps the most popular vendor here. They offer wraparound counter service.

2. Pretzel from Miller's Twist. These are fresh-made, Amish-style pretzels. They're also known for their cheddar-jalapeno pretzel dog and breakfast foods. (Note: Miller's Twist is a PA Dutch vendor and is closed on Sundays.)

3. Scrapple from Down Home Diner. Also known as Pannhaas by the PA Dutch, this is basically pork scraps made into a savory pate. Reminds me of the Neese's liver pudding (livermush) I ate growing up in North Carolina.

Surprisingly, there's not really a well-known or recommended vendor for cheesesteaks here though there are some who sell them (e.g. Carmen's Famous Italian Hoagies & Cheesesteaks). Bring cash because some vendors, like Carmen's, are cash-only. A couple places that caught our eye that we didn't get to try were Pearl's Oyster Bar and Mueller Chocolate Co. (featured on Food Network).

There are two parking garages, one at 12th and Filbert (Parkway Garage) and the other at 11th and Arch (Hilton Garage). Signs posted at each entrance to the market advertised 2-hour discount parking with $10 market purchase and validation at the vendor.

If you're pressed for time in Philly, Reading Terminal Market is a great place to visit since there are so many vendors all in one place. If you're from out of town, be sure to visit the northwest corner of the market where all the PA Dutch vendors are located. They're unique.
Can't really say much that hasn't already been covered by close to 5000+ reviews other than I wish I had two or three extra stomachs just to be able to try everything. Just keep an eye on the hours since a lot of the places started shutting down when we came here in the late afternoon and maybe try not to come on the weekends if you can't stand large crowds. 

Things we tried:
1. Blueberry and apple fritters from Beiler's. Donuts usually rank a little lower than cookies for me if I'm in the mood for something carb-y and sweet but this really knocked all of our socks off. The Boston creme was way too sugary. 

2. Famous 4th Street Cookie Co. Incandescent. I took a bite and levitated a few feet off the ground. I think this even beats Levain for me. It was so unbelievable. I went back the next day for another (original chocolate chip no walnuts - and yes, they do have a version with walnuts).

3. A ginger shot from the stand selling ginger drinks. 

4. Smucker's jerky. We went there on consecutive days to pick up some more. 

Didn't get to try some of the other famous options, like DeNic's sandwich and the apple dumplings. There was also a little tea stand that looked very promising and Pearl's oyster bar. Next time!
Who doesn't love this place? Such a huge building with plenty of food and shopping choices; perhaps too many choices? Here, You can get literally every type of cuisine you could possibly imagine. And it's all good! 
I've only been here a few times recently when in town and it's usually a cheesesteak, but last time it was Hershel's for corned beef and pastrami. (Separate
Review coming later). 
Parking can be a problem near here if driving, so finding a meter or affordable garage is difficult at lunchtime. We were lucky to find a mater spot after circling the block a few times. 
No indoor dining with Covid restrictions in place, but hopefully it'll get back to normal soon. 
If you've never been here, you must visit and enjoy the overwhelming vastness of the building and the plethora of cuisines. Definitely a must-visit while in Philly.
It's a good thing I don't live in Philly. The intense Mets fandom might not help, but what I'm really talking about is the Reading Terminal Market. If I lived within a reasonable distance there's no telling how much I might weigh. Basically, what I'm trying to say is go to the Reading Terminal and try not to eat yourself silly.

It's right there in the middle of the city and has been for quite some time. Last Sunday showed some construction being done to the exterior so the classic blue and red lit up sign was a little covered. No worries, the food is still flowing inside.

Now don't get me wrong, I'm from New York and we have our own food-filled market in Chelsea. And when thinking of markets, Quincy up in Boston deserves a mention as well. There's plenty all over that do. But the variety of edible amazingness at RTM is almost unparalleled. 

Enter and pick a direction to go. Some might stumble upon original and old school spots like Bassett's Ice Cream and Godshall's Poultry, or perhaps DiNic's (personal favorite) and Spataro's which have your beefy Philly staples ready to go. I seriously can't dive into everything in this market, but here's a quick food-type list of what you'll find just by walking around: Delis, coffee, BBQ, ethnic food, cheeses, condiments, chocolate, bakeries, seafood, wine, donuts, burgers, salads, teas, a buffet, plenty of fresh produce, and dodo bird eggs (okay maybe not that last one). Don't forget to stop in the PA general store or one of the book spots for something to remember your experience (besides your food baby). 

Once you make your mostly edible purchases, if you'll be eating them immediately, there's plenty of seating areas scattered throughout. It's easy to stay and explore, but leave within two hours and you can get your parking ticket validated (as long as you spend 10 bucks in RTM, an easy feat). You'll then pay a great price of only $4. They want your business, and you should give it to them!

Overall, the Reading Terminal Market is worthy of a visit in Philly just as much if not more than the Liberty Bell. Yep, I went there. So go forth and eat something! You won't be disappointed, because the Terminal will grab hold of your senses and you'll see, hear, smell, touch, and definitely taste exactly what I'm talking about. Thanks for the food, Philly.
In my opinion, Reading Terminal Market lives up to the hype. It's worth checking out if you are visiting Philly. It's pretty overwhelming (but in a good way). There is so much to check out. The indoor market has a wide variety of vendors and food stations. 

In terms of food stations, my favorite one is the Cajun Po'Boy one. Also, whenever I go to Reading Terminal Market, I always visit the Amish vendors and check out their jellies and honeys. 

You can also eat inside the market. There are a number of tables, but seating can be hard to find during busy times of the day. 

I highly recommend Reading Terminal Market! Go check it out when you are in Philly.
Reading Terminal Market is wonderland of food, smells and traditions that reflect the diverse population of Philly. 

You want a cheesesteak? No problem - there's at least 3 places to have one (but maybe consider roast park with broccoli rave and sharp provolone instead). Traditional east coast deli? They've got it. Authentic eats from all comers of the globe including Peking Duck, Thai, Indian, Greek, Puerto Rican and so many more? Most definitely. 

And of course don't forget poles of produce, fresh meats, whole fish, freshly ground spices and to-die-for cheese counters. Add in freshly pressed juices, local coffee and even a tea stand. It's honestly overwhelming and if I had the proverbial three wishes one of them would be to eat here on demand. 

One of the highlights for many people (myself included) are the Amish vendors who serve up the BEST baked goods, home cooked meals and delicious farm fresh offerings. I couldn't resist donuts from Beilers and you shouldn't either! 

I found the vendors to be friendly without exception and happy to suggest what's best from their offering. Take their recommends and try things you can't get at home. 

I've been to a lot of markets both in the US and abroad and Reading ranks up with the very best. It's well worth a visit. My only regret has to do with being a visitor and not being able to take many things home with me!
Holy jamoly! This place is local food chaos like I've never seen before.

My advice to you- if you're looking to experience it without having to come up for air every few minutes, try to avoid showing up at 12:30 on a Saturday afternoon like we did. I love a good food shit show but I also wanted to explore all of the booths without being pushed along by the masses. It's super-exciting to see the locals and tourists get behind this historical institution. 

When you do decide to visit (because you can't miss it!!), make a beeline for Miller's Twist and order a traditional pretzel. It will blow your mind. Trust me, wouldya? Plus it will only cost $3 at most.

Next up? Well, that's up to you- there's cheese, fresh juice, hot pork roast, Szechwan, fresh flowers, baked goods, hot apple dumplings and plenty of food  souvineers. My only regret is that we didn't have more room in our stomachs for the Yelp-adored apple dumplings. What a fun mix of people, sights and smells under one roof.
Indecisive?  Then you'll absolutely hate this place.

Hungry?  Then the Reading Terminal Market will be your seventh heaven.

With a hundred-some-odd businesses and dining destinations in a football field-sized space under a single roof, the RTM is a farmer's market on steroids and the gastronomic heart of Philly.  Housed in a former train shed, the RTM is an amazing slice of Philly culture.

Here's just a sampling of what you can find here:

*cheese shops
*delis
*produce stands
*Chinese food
*Greek food
*Middle Eastern food
*Italian food
*cheesesteaks
*hoagies
*coffee shops
*exotic teas
*ice cream parlors
*Amish food
*diners
*butchers
*bakeries
*fishmongers
*pastry shops
*handmade jewelry
*arts and crafts
*live music

And you know what?  Everything single one is fantastic.  There isn't a single bad apple in the bunch.

(Speaking of which, the apples at the fruit stand near the front-right entrance are superb.)

I brought a dozen-or-so conventioneers here for lunch last weekend.  Everyone went somewhere different, and everyone spent under $10.  And you know what?  Everyone was blown away.  

W I N.

Some people bemoan the RTM as too crowded, too touristy, too claustrophobic.  I think these people are missing the point.  The only thing that the Reading Terminal Market has too much of is charm.
Oh yea I have NO IDEA what else to tell you guys that 1700+ already hasn't been said.  I can talk about the cluster , or a gathering of cultures under one roof that will overwhelm you. I can talk about the endless options of food to satisfy anyones cravings. I can mention also that there is a minature supermarket located inside.  I really don't know what else there is to mention other than this is a foodies paradise.  

Reading Terminal is by far the best option for anyone who wants a taste of everything , from the simple to the exotic. I know I just used the word exotic , but its true, when you step inside its like a whole different world. You don't know where to go to first pretty much, they have everything you could possibly imagine. 

A combination of cultures ready to hit you with an endless amounts of delights. If it isn't the Amish with their sinful donuts, pastries, cakes and pies, its their BBQ pit. Forget what you saw on TV about the Amish Mafia ,(If anyone ever saw it) these guys set up a "Front" in Reading where there is a line as  wrapping around the corner. All just to try their product, which by the way is on point. I do reccommend you go during the end of the week, these guys aren't set up on the weekends.(Sundays and Mondays)   I am still baffled by this.... the Amish, who knew they could attract so much attention. 

 A little side note~ To the Amish, I am now a loyal patron to your pastries, you made an offer I couldn't refuse.

Where else can you go for shopping, tasting, exploring, eating, all under one roof in the city. I am sure there is 1 or 2 spots, maybe , but do they have a bar inside? Yea I said it a bar, you can break away from the shuffling of on goers. All  trying to get that last slice of cheese or get that  fresh baked French bread. Slide on in at Mollys and take a breather, enjoy a few libations, recharge the system for rounds 2 or 3 maybe 4. I mean they do also have coffee stations along the way if you need a little pick me up , even they get blown out .  

Reading Terminal is pretty much the United Nations of cultures with American to European, to Asian, even Middle Eastern cultures trying to win you over.  This gives you  another reason why for you to return, endless options that can't be conquered in one day. 

 Plus they have cook books, a library basically of food preparations for every ethnic backgrounds  available. Reading even has a GINORMOUS section where you can buy key ingredients in spices and herbs,  where it would not be easy to find anywhere else.     

I am still trying here people to figure what to tell you that hasn't been said, so if I sound like I am repeating its not my fault.  I will tell you this though, the city did try to shut this spot down. In the mid to late '90s the city of Philadelphia came close to putting an end to Reading Terminal. I guess the power and the voice of the people pretty much told the city who their daddy was.  

Pretty much if I were to try to sum it up  Reading Terminal is a MUST. You'll definitely leave either with a full belly, or bags of goodies to peruse later. Now get in there and get a chocolate dipped onion to munch on as you enjoy the festivities of Reading Terminal.
The first thing you have to learn about Reading Terminal is No1: Its the best place in Philly to go for high quality specialty food. You literally can get anything you want like a one-stop shop. HOWEVER do not go around lunch time or right after work and NOT expect to stand in line for a long while at any place you go.  
No2: Take a day and just explore the darn place, you'll always miss a cool store, wine shop to new business if you don't take your time at least once.
No#: I demand you to get dessert from the farmers market there or have breakfast brunch at the amish diner thats there. Period. Good luck.
"Tourist trap"
"Waaaayyyy overrated"
"Waste of time"
"Yada, yada, yada"

That's what I heard from Debbie Downer and Negative Nancy who were having a threesome with Pessimistic Pete.  They can keep those experiences because I loved my time here.

It's market paradise for those who love food and homemade goods.   The most popular ones are Bassett's (ice cream), Tommy DiNic's (cheesesteaks/roast pork hoagies), George's (pizza), Beilers (baked goods), whichever place has the Peking duck, and the fried chicken spot with the food network sign.  You could spend the whole day here getting fat and happy unlike the three bumbles I mentioned earlier.

The thing to do is order your drinks/food from wherever, sit at one of the tables and munch while you people watch.  Strike a conversation with those next to you as they're likely a tourist or a local.  If it's a local, they'll tell you where to go for fun and what to look for (unless your a Giants, Cowboys, or Redskins fan; they'll likely give you the finger).

It reminds me of those night markets when I was in Taiwan but with Philly flare.  Lines get long depending where you're at but move quickly so you better know what you want to order or they'll let you have it.  It is Philly after all!

I'll be back with a bigger appetite and with my friends Hungry Hunter and Eating Earl!
This place is a feast for the eyes and mouth.  You can find pretty much anything to eat here at the Reading Terminal Market, as there's aisles and aisles of food, from cooked food to consume now, to raw food to prepare at home, to sweet desserts and candies to give to someone special.

This place reminded me of the Granville Market in Vancouver, Canada, or the Grand Central Market in Los Angeles, and to some extent Pike Place in Seattle.  I'm sure like those markets, this market changed over the years.  You can get breakfast or lunch here by walking up to the food kiosk and plop yourself on an open stool, chat with the guy next to you, and then grab something from the bakery as you head out.

Even though its semi touristy, the prices are not completely outrageous.  At one of the deli counters, their shaved meats were about $4 a pound.  A supermarket in California charged $7.99 a pound for roast beef, so this was quite a bargain.

You can spend hours here, but if you're a tourist without a car, hauling your goods can be a problem.  I did stop at Flying Monkey Bakery and picked up 4 bars of the Butter Cake, which were amazingly good (but messy!).  

It is definitely a must stop if you're in the Philadelphia area.
Wall-to-wall five star ratings don't intimidate me. Philadelphia's Reading Terminal Market is a logistical nightmare. Sure, the food selections are global in scope and generally delicious but seating is at a premium and movement through the clogged labyrinth of stalls and tributaries is downright dystopian. 

I have no idea who's writing these hosannas to the RTM but all I saw was a bunch of grim faced fun seekers choking on their pulled pork and cannolis while balancing on one leg in the maelstrom. 

I know that I'm in the minority here but this contrarian is absolutely not passing Go, not collecting $200 and definitely not taking another ride on the Reading Railroad.
What's the first thing a yelper does when in a new city?  Well, besides check into my hotel and jump on the bed (my usually ritual when traveling), the answer is -- EAT and DRINK!  And what better place to start such glutenous behavior then at the Reading Terminal Market.

Reading as in the Reading Railroad - monopoly comes to life in the city of Philly!

With over 61 vendors, this place is a virtual yelper's haven. This market was established in 1893 and have everything you want-- booze, cheese-steak from the famous "ricks", fresh farmer's market veggies, honey and honey products, cooking classes, flowers, candles, chocolates, wine tasting, Italian, Greek, bakeries... each place I ate often has locations in other parts of Philly.  So, I will review them individually.  But, collectively, this place is a dream!  (And it was walking distance from my hotel and conference at the Hilton).
The Reading Terminal Market is a great place to just eat and eat and eat some more and then shop for food and more food. Sadly they now close at 6 PM so get there before 4 really. They start to close down shops around that time. You can also go on the weekend but get there early. The place gets super crowded.

They have all types of food. If you want the best ice cream go to Bassets. I think you can still have them ship you pints, so think about that. It is really great ice cream. Also note that nothing here is inexpensive. It is all pricey. 

The best donuts in town are at Beiler's. If you love donuts it is a must stop for you. For Breakfast try the Dutch Eating Place. Everything there is great and made to order fresh. You will love it. You also have to stop in some time to have a pork dipped sandwich at Dinic's. 

You will love this place. Have a great time.
I absolutely will not stay anywhere in Philly that isn't walking distance to Reading Terminal Market!!

My family and I have enjoyed Sweets, Soulfood, Nawlins Cuisine, Philly Cheesesteaks, Corn Dogs, Beverages, etc from this awesome establishment over the years. 

My absolute favorite is Hershel's East Side Deli!! I always get ToGo from there to savor for days. Their Pastrami and Corned Beef Sandwiches are fannntastic!!

Just read from another Yelper that they have a Vegan Spot so I need to venture up to try them asap!! 

Reading Terminal Market continues to be a community staple constantly reinventing themselves and providing Philly w quality food vendors in a safe space. 

See you soon RTM !!
We were expecting to spend at least half the day here but I think 3 hours tops is good enough to explore the entire market.  It is a few blocks walkable distance from the tiny Chinatown which in turn is about a 10 minute walk from the Liberty Bell & Indepedendence Hall. 

Some places we hit: 
1) Dinic's Roast Pork & Roast Beef Sandwich $7 + $1.20 for 2 toppings (Either cheese & pepper or Cheese & broccoli). We grabbed a seat at the counter and ordered a roast pork sandwich which the waitress said was most popular there. It was very juicy and tender. However noticed that most people ordered the roast beef which looked very appetizing. Note to self: Order roast beef sandwich with broccoli on top next time.  
2) Bassett's Ice Cream: Homemade goodness. $3.50 for 2 scoops : pistachio & peach (loved the peach)
3) Miller's Twist: Cinnamon soft pretzel $2.10. Highly Recommended by me and Adam Richman (MAN V FOOD!).
4) Bee Natural: Honey galore. Bought two bottles of Butter bean ($14.59 for 48 oz) and Blueberry honey ($4.50 for 12 oz). A lady gave us a taste test of this.

Next Trip: Carmen's Cheesesteaks & Hoagies for the hoagies (the line was as long as Dinic's).
I once dreamt that I entered a food paradise, where I was surrounded by a palatial assortment of yummy eats and sweet delights.  That in this same place I could get a steaming order of Shanghai soup dumplings, and just as easily turn around and get an Amish-made hand-rolled pretzel, or even some Mediterranean food.  Perhaps instead of the pretzel, I could go for some luxury chocolates or world famous cookies or ice cream.  I dreamt that I'd be in the same place that once found Bizarre Foods host, Andrew Zimmern eating a whole chocolate-dipped, yellow onion.  

In this dreamland of food, I would enjoy the most incredible key lime pudding while sitting in a comfortable little cafeteria, all the while taking in the lovely sounds of a live pianist playing the tune to "Memories" from the Broadway show, Cats.  

All was well with this place.  One wound find produce galore, from jumbo, tiger shrimp at least 4 inches long, to all types of sweet delicacies (Turkish delight, and an exotic pastry called "Burma"), to savory local favorites (Philly cheesesteaks, pulled pork sandwiches), and even some household goods, flowers and jewelry.  

The New Yorker in me wished that this glorious place would be a perfect hybrid cross between Essex Market and Chelsea Markets, boasting of high quality offerings at affordable prices.  How amazing would this be, how glorious would this look.  How swell then, that when I came to my senses, I discovered this was no dream at all, only all this wishful thinking led me to discover Philly's Reading Terminal Market.  

Yes, this food paradise does exist.  And in this magical place, I only had to pay $1.50 for THE most amazing chocolate whoopie pie the size of my outstretched palm (BEILER'S BAKERY, FOR THE WIN).  Just, wow.  

If you're planning a trip to Philly, don't miss out on RTM.  It's a straight forward, down-to-earth food-lovers oasis.
What a gem of a place to be lost in, there are so many choices and finds here and I tried walking the entire block to find one good eats and realized there are too many places I want to try but with so little time. I ended up with fried chicken and snacks along the way put of the terminal. 

There are over 50 unique eats here and the best place to be stranded while missing a train. There were not too many tables to sit at, you have to be lucky and grab a seat. I would recommend this place to everyone who can't decide what you want to eat but have time on your hand to find a gem.
Wow just wow! When I first walked into this place I nearly had a breakdown. I love food so much and they literally have any and everything that I could possibly want. 

My first thought was to not pick the first place I saw and to do a complete walk through of the entire space. What a bad idea because I wanted everything that I saw! I decided to go with Becks Cajun cafe for my lunch and I couldn't have been any happier. (The blackened catfish is delicious!)

There are also many places where you can buy fresh seafood, meat, produce, etc. If I lived closer I would definitely shop there for all of those things! The only negative thing I will say is that grocery prices are jacked up slightly. Everything else is very decently priced. 

I will definitely be back when I'm in the Philly area again!
I would love to get back to the Reading Terminal Market more, though I will advise that Sunday isn't the best day to go. I recently visited on a Sunday and discovered that a number of the vendors were closed for the day - and for what it's worth, Wikipedia notes "The Pennsylvania Dutch merchants (a small but significant minority) generally do not operate Sunday through Tuesday". I say this because my cousin and her husband had heard from friends about the Pennsylvania Dutch merchants, so they were a bit bummed that the timing didn't work out to visit their location during our time at the market. 

All told though, this enclosed market offers a nice variety of coffee, dessert, and food options (if I lived in the area, I'd be going here all the time to buy fresh produce). There are also a variety of florist-type places and the like that add a great brightness to the market. I grabbed a coffee early in our stop at the market and enjoyed the experience of wandering through the place and taking in all the smells and sights around me. 

Prices with most vendors are reasonable, though also know that some portions of the market can get very congested (and very quickly) as the day goes on. This last time, I think we all arrived around 11am (and we managed to grab parking on the street right outside the market), but we were there about 20 minutes and the market really started to fill up. The place serving crepes, for example, had SO MANY people around it. 

TL;DR  Would certainly visit again, but I'd pick a different day of the week (Wednesday or Thursday, maybe?) and get there earlier in the day. Enjoyable experience though.
You gotta love this place.  The unique selection, the Amish, VietNamese, Asian, Italian and American stands all crammed in together.  Sure it's a bit grimey and can get mobbed at lunchtime, but give me Iovine's Produce, Och's Chicken Breasts, Some Tom Kha Gai from Little Thai Market and a hot fresh macadamia nut cookie from 4th St and I am good to go.

It is a blessing to live nearby.
