Bought the Love Park Food Truck tour for Xmas for me and my Dad this year.  The tour guide never showed up!  We waited for 45 minutes and called their number, emailed them.  Their number is some answering service that doesn't allow you to leave a voicemail.  I emailed with my phone number and no response until AFTER the tour - got it 5 minutes ago.  They told me nobody was there because they don't do tours on MLK Day, it's a holiday and it's in their terms and conditions that I signed off on.  Then WHY did they sell me a tour on a holiday they clearly celebrate?  If that's the case they could claim every time they don't show up it was National Ice Cream Day, it's Flag Day, it's Ramadan and they're not doing tours.  Living Social took care of us and the other tour takers that were there, but seriously.  How is this place still in business?
I took off work to attend this function but they never showed up. I was refunded my LivingSocial voucher but this was a waste of a day. They didn't even notify me about the cancellation. I waited for over an hour, aimlessly in the middle of Love Park. The voucher does not indicate where in Love Park you are to meet the guides. I don't even know if this is a real business. I don't think it is... LivingSocial and Groupon really need to know the businesses that they are partnering with. I will make sure I only buy vouchers from big, national businesses from now on.
Awful. My friend and I took off from work to attend the Love Park Truck Tour and were so excited! After arriving at Love Park we were unable to locate a tour guide, this was because one did not exist! I received a
Phone call at 12:15 (15 minutes free our scheduled tour was to begin) stating that out tour guide was not there ( duh ) and if we had time would we be able to attend a later tour in university city.  The man on the phone was so sincere and apologetic and obviously we accepted having no where to be for the rest of the day! He also promised us a complimentary tour of Love Park in the future.  We arrived 10 mintues prior to the tour and waited, waited and waited. We ran into 4 others who were also waiting for the same tour.  No tour guide.  We had no number to call as the 800 number on our tickets was a recording.  One woman received an email stating that the tour was cancelled and her money would be refunded. I did not receive such an email. After 35 minutes of waiting we left. I will not be trusting this company in the future and have sent an email requesting my money be refunded as well.
After reading the reviews on this tour, I was a little apprehensive to cash in my gift certificate from my son.  So I decided to gamble, and hit the jackpot!  My friend and I went during the Memorial Day week.  Our guide was very informative and friendly the other guests were fun and we may even go on the "Food Truck Crawl".  Apparently, our guide is freelancing with the "Read To Nosh Food Tour" and their customer service has improved he is working on their "PR" public relations as well!
is this place still in business? I am trying to reschedule my food tour due to back injury, and the emails bounce back and their website is down! I had bought 3 vouchers as gifts for friends. How embarrassing if they can't use them!
Too bad there isn't a zero stars rating option.  Our experience is almost a ditto to the experience of other yelpers...blackout dates (this I could live with),  a no-show tour guide, and no way to connect to a real person for resolution. The meeting location was different from the one I signed up for (Love Park meet moved to 33rd and Spruce), which in the fine print is the company's right, but the resut was an hour walk with a baby in a stroller on a chilly day for a no show guide. 

The kicker is that this is apparently COMMON! The food cart guy, who we approached to make sure we were standing at the exact right spot, told us they often are late and sometimes don't show up at all.  We followed all of the company's rules, had a confirmation number, double checked the meeting location on the website that morning, and arrived 10 minutes early. We left after 30 minutes of waiting.

I left three voice mails for Ready to Nosh at 877-538-5416, emailed them, and then called Living Social, which  gave credit for the purchase price. Living Social quickly and sincerely apologized. I then did receive a call back and a follow up email  from Ready to Nosh, offering complimentary tours as an apology. Surprise, surprise...when I emailed my date choices (several times)...no response. I called the 877 #, and now it was out of service.

Prior to this experience, I had purchased another ready to nosh dinner tour and, despite bad experience #1, decided to go for it (ever the optimist). This time, I got an email two hours before the meeting time that the guide had called in sick. My daughter had already taken work vacation time and was already on her way home. An offer of rescheduling (ha!) or a refund (haha!) was in the email, but I got no response to my return message. Once again, Living Social came through, but I sincerely hope they drop this vendor. READY TO NOSH IS EITHER A TERRIBLY RUN BUSINESS OR AN OUTRIGHT FRAUD.

It appears that the folks who actually get to take these tours enjoy them, but it doesn't get much worse than a repeated no show.
I had a Living Social deal that was going to expire soon.  I tried several times to book a tour that would work with my husband's work schedule and a sitter.  Nothing seemed to work and I tried to get a refund.  I was refused.  Finally I found a date that would work.  My husband needed to take a day off from work and I arranged a sitter.  For some reason this morning I looked at tripadvisor.com reviews and saw how many of these tours were cancelled or the staff no-showed.  I got nervous about it and emailed the company to see if the tour was on.  I did not receive a response to my email but I did receive the letter below less than an hour before my tour was to start!!  The email was sent 1:06pm and I needed to be at the tour at 1:40pm.  Seriously, you just found out the person is sick?  I honestly think there wasn't alot of people on tour and they didn't want to bother for a few!  Who doesn't have a backup plan in case an employee gets "sick".  How come Peter doesn't do the tour?  This is no way to run a business!  Stay away!

 Ready To Nosh Food Tours


http://www.readytonosh.com    bookings@readytonosh.com

Unfortunately we will be postponing the food tour as a result of the scheduled guide calling in ill. We sincerely apologize for this huge inconvenience but given the short notice by the guide before the tour  begins  we are not able to locate a guide to cover your today. Because this is a cancellation that occurred on our end your voucher will have an extended expiration date to Dec 19, 2012.  We can offer you the opportunity to reschedule by emailing us with an available date online that you would be interested in, but if this is not your preference we will be more than happy to provide you a refund instead. If you choose to be refunded and are a voucher holder (Groupon/Livingsocial) we would need a copy of your voucher emailed to us as well as the mailing address to send your refund to. If you purchased this experience directly on our website you just need to provide us with the mailing address to send the refund to. Please allow approximately 10 business days to receive your refund. We sincerely apologize for this unfortunate inconvenience.

 

Best Regards,

Peter Bnark
At the risk of being repetitive - this place is a scam. I'm just going to lay it out there and say they are straight up thieves. I bought a LivingSocial voucher and was pretty excited to take the food tour. I had some issues with scheduling and found Jeff and Carolyn to be pretty responsive to emails and actually helpful in arranging alternative times for me to take the tour. However, after paying $8 for parking, my friend and I ended up standing on the corner outside the Hard Rock Cafe for almost 30 minutes (we got there prior to departure time, and stayed well after the tour should have left, just in case they were late). I made calls to the number listed on this page (not accurate) as well as the customer service number listed in my email exchanges. No response, and no operator. First thing the very next business day, I sent an email in response to the email string I'd previously had with Jeff/Carolyn. No response. I also left messages on the "customer service" machine. No response. 

Both people who were so responsive and willing to help before the tour, have suddenly disappeared... along with my money. I am currently seeking legal advice. 

Do not do business with this company.
This business is a scam! Beware! I ordered tickets through Living Social, for a food tour in Pa.  When I went to sign up for a tour, in June, I was surprised to find that there were no weekend tours available through the rest of the year (for a 3hour food tour... You are telling me that people have booked these things up through December???) at that point, I said fine and I found a time to take off work and book a tour on a Tuesday afternoon.  Well, no one showed up! When I went to one of the stops on the tour (being from the town, I had an idea where they were going), the woman said this happened all the time!!!!  My friend and I stayed at the tour stop for about an hour and no tour group ever showed up.  At this point, I am in disbelief.  At best, the owner of this business has no clue what he us doing and is in over his head... At worst, this is a scam.  

Beware.

And Jeff, to your reply below... There was no tour in West Chester (my friend and I were at the meeting point listed on the website for 1/2 hour-15min before the tour until 15min after). As well, there are only a few places for you to go, based on the description of your tour,  and we hit them all, but Mas.  In fact the woman at the wine store said that we were not the first to be "stood up" by this tour.  Furthermore, I made my reservation in August only after attempting to make a reservation earlier.  I had to work to find a date that was appropriate to take off from work. Thank you for your offer, I would like a refund.
Reposting my original review from late 2011- This business is a scam! Beware! I ordered tickets through Living Social, for a food tour in Pa.  When I went to sign up for a tour, in June, I was surprised to find that there were no weekend tours available through the rest of the year (for a 3hour food tour... You are telling me that people have booked these things up through December???) at that point, I said fine and I found a time to take off work and book a tour on a Tuesday afternoon.  Well, no one showed up! When I went to one of the stops on the tour (being from the town, I had an idea where they were going), the woman said this happened all the time!!!!  My friend and I stayed at the tour stop for about an hour and no tour group ever showed up.  At this point, I am in disbelief.  At best, the owner of this business has no clue what he us doing and is in over his head... At apart, this is a scam.  Beware.
