Saw this pop up so thought I'd review real quick.

In general RW is a good thing, I think.  If you manage expectations going in.

By this I mean you should expect a straightforward menu, not necessarily the best menu items, and that certain places WILL take advantage of you during these weeks.  Which sucks.  Specifically places where you should really avoid (Byblos, Fuji Mountain, any bar, etc.) because a $35 meal there is above typical price points.  I hope I didn't even need to say that.  Plus service falls short at lesser restaurants during RW.  Quality ones stay on point.  Also the timing of these weeks are questionable, like why right after summer when everyone comes back to the city?  Why not in mid-summer when the restaurants need a boost?

It's worth doing research on these things.  Look at the restaurants' normal menu, do a quick price check and see if RW is really saving you any cash.  For lots of places it's not.  Oh and I'd avoid places like Barbuzzo, Amada on these days.  Way too crowded and loud.  Go another time though, for sure.

I typically go to one or two stretch restaurants I normally wouldn't try because of price.  Think Chez Georges, Lacroix, Amuse, a steakhouse, etc.  If the restaurant is of high quality the service, the food, etc. should remain at a high level.  If they do a good job tell us about it on here.  If not, same gig.
Restuarant Week in any city is an opportunity to experience the sensation of food from unique authentic ethnic perspectives! I love this week because it allows me an opportunity to share and experience with my teens new and unique dishes without breaking my purse!! Just experienced Alexandria VA Restaurant Week but Philly is #1!!!
People who do not like Restaurant Week:

1. Mark Vetri
2. Staff at participating restaurants. 
3. Chronic misanthropes who don't want anybody to be happy ever. 

People who do like Restaurant Week:

1. Students, young professionals, people on fixed-incomes, and others whose financial reality is discrepant with their gastronomic aspirations. 
2. People who really like food and see RW as an opportunity to exercise their talents.  
3. People who like food and are reminded by RW that they can go out and eat it at awesome places. 
4. People who don't really like food but are married to and/or dating people who like food and are always whining "we never get to go anywhere nice!" 

Snag your reservations early. Check the regular menu to make sure $35 for 3 courses is a deal and that you will be interested in eating the food. Try something new. Try somewhere crazy. Eat dessert. Have some wine. TIP YOUR SERVER, tip them well. 

Enjoy!
