"For the greater beauty of the instrument, the balls representing the planets are to be of considerable bigness; but so contrived, that they may be taken off at pleasure, and others, much smaller, and fitter for some purposes, put in their places."―David Rittenhouse

Nice urban park located in the heart of downtown Philly. This isn't the kind of park you bring the kiddies to but a nice green space for the local residents that need a break from the hustle-and-bustle of big city life. The area is well-kept and has some interesting statues and lovely architecture surrounding it. We passed through as we ambled about (not-so) smartley thru DT Philly. I didn't know much about this place as we just saw it on a map and my girl and I have a tendency to head towards the green spaces on the map. So I did some research and found a few quick fun facts:

-Formerly known as "The Square," it was named after David Rittenhouse in 1825. Rittenhouse was a American astronomer, inventor, clockmaker, mathematician, surveyor, scientific instrument craftsman, and public official. He also played a key role in the Revolutionary War. #Merica

-It used to serve as grazing ground for livestock and a dumping ground for *ahem* "night soil."

- There's a weekly farmers market that occurs here, as well. The dates and times change depending on the season, tho. 

-A building boom in the late 19th century filled this area with Victorian mansion; man of which still survive today.

Overall a nice place to stop and rest, and makes for really interesting people watching. Please note there are no public restrooms in the park, which is probably good with all the Local Outdoor Enthusiasts just chillin'. Otherwise definitely worth a quick visit in the area to take in the surrounding architecture and culture.
Thanks to the fundraising efforts of 'Friends of Rittenhouse square' this park is the most beautiful and well manicured green space in Philadelphia. The park was established in the 17th century (!!) as Southwest Square, but renamed in the early 1800's after David Rittenhouse who had a paper mill nearby in Fairmount. Today Rittenhouse Square is a highly desirable neighborhood park surrounded by The Ethical Society, residential apartments, Barneys, Barnes & Noble, Anthropologie, Joe coffee, Born Yesterday, Parc Restaurant, The Rittenhouse Hotel, and so much more. The park hosts many art fairs, craft fairs, painting fairs, a black tie ball to raise money for the square etc.. it's lovely to stroll through, and walk your dog. On the weekends there are farmers markets too. There are a few sculptures in the park which are great places to meet up with friends. At the holidays there is a fun tree-lighting ceremony, which has been attended by the mayor and the mouse king from Pennsylvania Ballet's Nutcracker, complete with a giant tree with lights and hot cocoa. In the winter months, giant lit balls are hung from the trees for holiday decorations. It's a special park!
Apologies for what may seem like haterade, but Rittenhouse Square simply is not my favorite park in the city. For me, a park should be a calming oasis where I can sit and collect my thoughts or have a quiet conversation. 

Rittenhouse is like the Cherry Hill Mall of the outdoors. It's a melting pot of people from all walks of life (cool), which also includes lecherous men with lame pick-up lines and people who think nothing of chain smoking next to you as you try to eat lunch or simply breathe (not cool). 

When alone, I always find myself walking through quickly and avoiding the eyes of people lined against the paths. Not exactly a feeling of serenity. 

My favorite part of Rittenhouse Square Park is enjoying it from the outside, seated at one of Parc's tables, with a glass of white and a warm shrimp salad.
This is an excellent park that my family and I visited while we were in Philadelphia. It had a lot of great walking trails of them have since had a lot of good statues and landmarks in memorials and things to see. We are an excellent time exploring the park and it was a great experience that I recommend for everyone to check out
This is my favorite urban park in Philadelphia. It's uppity, yet people from all walks of life crowd in its every nook and cranny. If you're lucky enough to be there off-hours (it happens), sit by a fountain and enjoy a little bit of serenity in downtown Center City.

Read, take photos, yoga, picnic, people watch, but please don't be creepy[1].

[1] A friend of mine was sunbathing, minding her own business, when she realized not one, but TWO guys were photographing her. Yes, she's hot, but that's still not the way to hit on someone.
On Saturday, my broke friends and I sat on an old bedsheet and wasted the evening away with a deck of Uno in the park. What started as a few laughs in the park, with consideration for our neighbors, ended in a raucous game of leapfrog complete with cartwheels after all our neighbors were long gone.

Some of the best, cheapest fun can be had in the park. It's also a great place to people-watch. Today I walked by and saw two bleach blonde muscleheads dancing. Not to mention, there are tons of homeless people sleeping. They use plastic bags for pillows.

Rittenhouse is easily the most popular park in the city, therefore always crowded and full of folks to look at and/or laugh at. It's also a pretty good place to blend in. With that said, do not bring sidewalk chalk. I got kicked out for that once.
Oh, Rittenhouse. CC's only real city park.

This is about the only good place to come and people watch, lay in the grass, play Frisbee and enjoy those lunch breaks in a city park. Washington Square West is too shady and less popularized; Fairmount Park is too far outside of the city and more for serious runners, etc or weekend play; and Love park is more concrete than grass.

RS is right in the heart of the best shopping in the city, next to a Barnes & Nobles and Cosi and always packed in the warmer weather.
I think this is a great little space, in the middle of the city.

It's generally clean. They even provide baggies for your doggy's poo.  And they do great events.  The concerts in the park.  The art festival twice a year.  The farmers markets on the weekends. These things are truly great.

But let's be honest, the place has character and characters. I have seen a person brushing his teeth in the fountain during the summer months. I have seen children drawing in the empty fountain with chalk during the fall.  I have even drawn some unicorns and rainbows in that fountain.  The park attracts all walks of life.  That's why it's so great.  It's full of life.
Surrounded by the busy-ness of the city life, Rittenhouse Square Park is a nice place to sit and relax. The grass is green, and there are tons of shade from the trees.

Definitely a great place to chill at after grabbing a coffee from a coffee shop nearby or getting lunch with a friend.
It's no secret that Rittenhouse is not exactly my favorite part of town - it's usually a little too laced up for my taste. Despite that fact, I find myself there frequently, and whenever I do, I always make a point to stroll through the park for some quality people watching and dose of greenery right in the middle of the city.

There's always something to see there, from people making out (get a room!) to toddlers taking their first steps to suits having lunch outside. The flowers are gorgeous and the energy makes this area come alive. Rittenhouse Park is one of my favorite things about Center City! Bring on the warm weather - Philly's ready!
What a cool park. I caught Rittenhouse Square Park at the peak of the leaves changing and it was beautiful. I loved the abundant trees, ample seating and all the dogs walking with their owners. The park is very clean, felt safe during the day and had plenty of security checking in on the visitors.

I admittedly didn't dig into any historical context of this park as I was just passing through while visiting a nearby business. But this is easily one of my favorite urban parks in the United States. Entering this park, you are immediately transformed into a green oasis. There's always street performers milling about it, couples taking photos and field trips.

You'll see various garden areas, a small gazebo, historical statues, and a fountain that is probably active and maintained in warmer months. The whole park gives off great vibes and you should go out of your way to either pass through, schedule a walk or visit when they have a pop-up market. You won't regret it!
A pretty, compact park in Center City, Rittenhouse Square is well-groomed and maintained and is surrounded by fashionable restaurants, stores, and residential buildings. It's not at all a large park or nature reserve to get lost in, but more a quick respite from the rest of the city whether you're sitting down or strolling through. 

The surrounding area has come to be associated with the park, and is well worth perusing along with the park for all its options and amenities. A good focal point for young professionals, people on a night out, or visitors.
My top two ongoing cutesy obsessions? 1) babies 2) puppies -  hence my love for parks in general, but Rittenhouse holds a special place in my heart. I suppose I am biased as my office shares a border with the spot informally known as the bird lady's headquarters, therefore Rittenhouse is my work break playground.  The people watching, as with the majority of Philly parks (a list much too limited in my opinion), consistently presents dynamic characters and is always good for a laugh (isn't it weird when little old men start to look like their dogs?)  I enjoy the noon time nanny power hour- again, partly b/c of the babies, but mainly because I watch too much E! and unabashedly know the difference between the Silver Cross Silver Stream and the Micralite Newborn.  I'm bummed that they switched over to generic white lights from the beautiful multi-colored sparklers they used to dress up the square with in the winter season, but the sentiment is still there.  From the ugly dolls and kiddie rocker tees you'll find at Born Yesterday to the burger at Rouge (the price doesn't seem as ludicrous after 2 or 3 $15 cocktails), you can pretty much find everything you want here.  I still find the Penn student demanding I exercise my right to vote or rent a zip car annoying, but I've come to enjoy the smelly eye candy (aka bike messengers) who block the intersections and mock the suits. I'm semi-embarrassed and kinda cheap to admit it, but I get a secret thrill from the fact that my Barnes and Noble membership card gets me a 15 cent discount on my daily Starbucks toffee bar & iced soy caramel macchiato...I'm just sayin'
Summer, spring, winter or fall - Rittenhouse Square is the heart of Philly . I walk here with my friends, stroll with my dog, go people watching, and have a picnic . A lovely place to enjoy life - whether solo or with friends and family . I go out of my way to walk through the park , because it is one of the simply, beautiful pleasures of living in this wonderful city of ours. A true Philly treasure.
When you write over 700 reviews you find yourself with a lot of write ups that could use some revisiting. So considering that, and the fact that I only have 12 updated reviews (there's one that I don't count - http://www.yelp.com/biz/tower-gallery-philadelphia#hrid:YEFlzg4nolPZNTn4TnOR7A/src:self) I think I see myself having a new goal of gaining at least 100 updates. after all, Lord knows how many places that I've been to that are due for some revisits in writing form!

Rittenhouse Square is a prime example, and not just because it was among my first 10 reviews (yes I have that much love for it!). I reviewed it 2 years ago during a time that it's park security were basically arresting street musicians for disturbing the peace via noise pollution. If your familiar with the area then you can understand how ludicrous that is. After all if your so hell bent on doing so than you may as well arrest the clientele of Rouge and Parc who are sitting outside, The Curtis Institute, and all of the people creating traffic in that general area for the exact same reason! Since McThrill is a tried and true supporter of the local music scene, and someone who has enjoyed jamming inside that park during the evening hours, you can understand how angered he was. So naturally he used the review to poke a little fun at a ridiculous situation. But ever since that bleak time the city officials have seen the errors of their ways and the music has been back in a big way. If you're lucky then you might even catch McThrill jamming out some percussion with his good friend Xcoamine during those fine spring/summer evenings.

But enough about the back story, it's time to move on with the review portion of this review. When McThrill was in Paris he fell in love with Montmartre for it's various artists selling art, street performers, musicians, beautiful scenery, and gratuitous people watching that it provided. A lot of the same can be said when I was traveling through London and wandering through the likes of Covent Garden and Hyde Park. But so far when it comes to my parklife back in the US leave it to Rittenhouse Square to be the spot the recreates such moments. And in a lot of ways it even tops them!

So far in Rittenhouse Square I have seen one man bands play, people make and sale their artwork, people walk on tight ropes, classes practice martial arts, big ass concerts courtesy of Philly Weekly, people get married, a huge ass Phillies victory celebration, and so much more! one time I even took part in a tandem game of leap frog with a bunch of strangers, just because it's good for us semi-old heads to feel younger every once in awhile. But of course taking in it's immaculate statues (the lion is my favorite!), sitting on a bench and reading a good book, and taking in it's massive amounts of people watching doesn't hurt either. It's reasons like these, and so many more, that make Rittenhouse Square one of my most favorite places ever!
Baby square parks and plazas - Philadelphia loves them!

Rittenhouse Square Park has got to be my favorite of them all. Clean and in the middle of a quaint neighborhood (i think this is where the money lies), it was classy and plush and had all around goodness to offer. Since it's Summer, there are Concerts in the Park every Wednesday. Who doesn't love music? And I saw people dancing. The jitterbug of all dances! There was a huge group jiving and wailing with big smiles on their faces. How cool is that? And in this heat, so many families, friends, romantic couples, and sunbathers were just hanging out and having a picnic. What a wonderful piece of the city to claim as your own.

Rittenhouse Square Park is just perfect the way it is. It's not too crowded and it hasn't been sullied by low class citizens, the homeless, and dog poop. I hope Rittenhouse Square Park stays pure. It's almost too good to be true.
rittenhouse sqaure gets some stars for being centralized, colorful, friendly and a great place to meet someone for lunch in the summertime.  i am a fan of the saturday farmers' market. 
two stars off for the profusion of  yappy midget-dogs in little outfits, and for the seasonal presence of creepy pony-tailed running guy.  yeah,  that guy. you know who i'm talking about.
What a beautiful little urban oasis.  I love running through here on my way to the river trail.  It's so lush and leafy, with charming paths and beautiful plantings.

Great place to relax, sit and read a book, catch up with a friend or just sit and do nothing.

I'm knocking it down a star because when I was there last weekend, the fountain wasn't working.  That really adds to the charm.  Once that's back up and running, five stars all the way, baby.
rittenhouse is my favorite of the CC parks.  it's my absolute favorite people-watching perch and is perfect for passing the time in warm weather.  i have a really great work schedule that allows me the opportunity to enjoy sitting in the park in the early afternoon as most people are finishing up a late lunch break in the park or just passing through on their way somewhere.  there's a really diverse crowd that filters in and out of the park that really adds to the flavor of the city.  

i have many fond memories of the white noise of the city rising up in symphony all around me as i sit on my picnic blanket reading a book or doing a crossword puzzle while feeding cheez-its to the abnormally tame sparrows.  even writing this review is making me long for the warm weather to get here faster so i can return to the park!

the arts festival in the summer is a great draw to the park, as are the impromptu as well as sanctioned musical performances that can be found fairly regularly.  and if you're a fan of dogs, there's plenty that come through for you to say hi to! :)

if you're just wandering around the city some afternoon, i'd encourage you to stop by and grab a bench if you can.  and sit on the side.  i guarantee that someone interesting will sit next to you and will be more than happy to chat you up.

there's a special place in my heart for rittenhouse, and not just for all if its intrinsic qualities.  it's the place where i've had the strangest pickup line asked of me:  "are you foreign?"  really?  that's your line?  followed, after my laugh and "no" response, with "ohhh, you just have a very european air." heh.  nice try buddy.  but hey, added bonus to the single ladies out there i suppose.  if you're having a bad day and need an ego boost, just go sit in the park for a bit and wait for a stranger to walk by and give you a compliment.  take it from me, i'm not the kind of girl that gets randomly hit on, with cheesy lines or otherwise!
3.5 stars.

As an urban park, this place has a smorgasbord of characters. Teens smoking, yuppie mom's with their kids in designer baby clothes and $3000 designer strollers, college students, homeless, dogs, squirrels, random kids, you name it.

To watch said people there are plenty of benches and grass to sit on. The trees and flowers are nice, though they could probably do with some more arrangements of flowers and bushes in spots. Still its a nice respite from the concrete jungle.

Finally, they had some truly lovely lights hung up in the tree right before christmas. With the wind blowing it was almost like being in "Chocolat", except that Juliette Binoche was not with me. Le sigh.
This is my favorite park in Philadelphia. There are many parks in Philly such as Love Park, Franklin Square, etc. I like Rittenhouse because it doesn't have one monument in the middle that everyone's crammed around to take pictures. It has the nice Central Park NYC feel - people sitting on benches and conversing. Small groups of skateboarders, artists, jugglers in the corner exchanging skills, and many locals cutting through with their dogs. It feels least touristy and I think it gives you the BEST view of the Liberty Tower. At night, they hung Christmas lights and balls of lights and it's super romantic to stroll through at night. 

My second favorite part about this park is that it is right by many cafes and bakeries! The Bakeshop on 20th is a good example of a good cookie shop and coffee place that one can venture to before sitting in the middle of the park to enjoy it with some friends. The park is also a perfect solace after a busy walk through Center City's City hall, shopping street, and other monuments around. 

Another fun part about this park is that cool events that take place once a month. For example, sometimes arts festivals and farmers markets take place on the square and you can see local artists' fare and produce. I love seeing fall produce, flowers, and art for the fall festivals. 

If you're a dog lover, you can probably sit here all afternoon and see the widest variety of dog breeds you've ever seen and they are all dog show quality.
This is my favorite part of the city of Philadelphia to hang out in. Grab some lunch and then sit out on the grass and people watch. Spent a great afternoon here last summer and cant wait to return.
My first review of Rittenhouse was from a couple of years ago and to this very day, it's one of the most beautiful and quaint parks I've come across.

There are now more security walking about and having a security officer walk around, rather than being in the office makes me feel safe -- especially when teenagers are let out of school. Center City after 3:00 PM is a headache and at times, dangerous due to rowdy schoolchildren who have nothing better to do than create chaos or simply disrespect police officers and/or bother those who are trying to take a break from work.

I've been blessed with (sarcasm here) seeing a few fights at Rittenhouse or having people be obnoxious by smoking near that wall under the tree. Mind you, there are children about so having them exposed to cigarettes and the open use of marijuana doesn't sit well with me. Not everyone wants to inhale your smoke and hearing vulgar language is not something a parent want to expose their children to. They want to relax with their family without being concerned and having security at ones call is good.

I enjoy people watching or walking my puppy. Autumn around Rittenhouse is beautiful and having it across the street from Joe's Coffee, Barnes and Noble, Anthropologie, Barney's New York; and Parc Restaurant where I frequently dine is the perfect touch to Philadelphia.

In the warmer seasons, there are pop up farmers market or random festivals going on and during cooler seasons, seeing beautiful Christmas lights light up our park makes me happy that there's somewhere I can go to have coffee and relax.
A small green square in the western center part of Philadelphia, surrounded by high rises and boutiques, plenty of small stores in the area and a few office towers, too.

Do -not- ride your bike in here or skateboard in the park. Officers will ticket you. Feel free to bring your dog, though, they're very pet-friendly in this park. Plenty of people from all walks of life sit along the long benches here and feed the pigeons, talk, read, and generally people-watch. Semi-yearly art sales are held on the border of the park, too, generally with some very nice pieces.
I couldn't have had a more perfect day for visiting Rittenhouse Park - the sunshine, the temperature, and the energy of Philadelphians coming out from their winter hibernation was such a fun moment to experience. While there I strolled the plant marked, explored every corner of the park, popped into Barnes & Noble and grabbed a patio spot at Joe to soak in the views and get some work done. The parked was filled with people of all ages sprawled out on blankets, reading books, chowing on picnics and painting the scenery. The atmosphere was what urban planners dreams are made of. The magnolia trees were just starting to blossom along with other early spring flowers like daffodils. Overall, it was a special and memorable free experience that I highly recommend soaking in for a few hours.
Love Rittenhouse Square Park!  It's just such a cool space. There are all slices of life present!  Millennials with their children, dogs, babies, singles, LGBT people, street people, seniors and all in betweeners. 

It's beautiful, in a fabulous location, near great stores and restaurants and just plain wonderful grass laying and people watching. 

We never miss the chance to enjoy whenever we are in town.
One of the things I love about this park is sitting on a bench and just LISTENING to the conversations around me. Whether its the vagrants making snide remarks at each other or a drunk couple harassing an Asian guy who just wants to sit and read, it's oh so entertaining. What a fantastic atmosphere. It makes me wish I had a camera and audio equipment, it would make for some fine cinema verite.

Other pluses are the events that have happened here. Farmer's market, art, dog events, live shows, this place is great. I also love all the dogs that come here and that they provide bags to pick up dog presents. One of the things I'll miss about living near here is visiting this park.
Even though Rittenhouse is a small park, it is pretty satisfying. It is lush and usually clean. I love the way they decorate it for the holidays. Plus it is close to most of the places I enjoy in the city. 

But I some of the other people really bother me. From the homeless person crapping in the bushes, to the overly excited Ron Paul supporters, there is usually someone there to ruin my experience.
I work really close by and I love walking through it everyday. 

It's a beautiful, well-kept park and fantastic for an outdoor lunch and especially people watching.  There are also lots of festivals, concerts and art shows. In my opinion it is the prettiest part of Philadelphia. 

However, there is a sizable group of homeless people that frequent/live in the park and sit on the benches screaming conspiracy theories and making racy comments at female pedestrians. I've gotten a few comments that would make a grown man blush.

Needless to say, I tend not to walk through it at night.
Love this park! Such a nice place to go to take a break from the city life. Lots of dogs to look at, and people seem friendly and interesting. Things I've seen people do here: taking a nice stroll, reading a book, or playing a keyboard to make computer music.
This is an absolute Philadelphia gem.  A true diamond in the rough.  This is park that is part of Philly history and you better appreciate it.  Just go, observe, listen, and enjoy!
This past May, I met up with a friend at the edge of Rittenhouse Square Park on a Friday night. I was at a nearby club and he was drinking with friends in the area.

I have had a mad crush on this man for several months, but we were strictly platonic.

When we met up we walked through the park. It was late at night so the park was deserted and quiet. I felt nervous being with him and I prattled on about the mundane aspects of my day.

Right when we neared the edge of the park on 19th, my friend stopped and stared at me. At first, I tried to get him to say something, but my intuition told me to shut up. I waited as he shifted his gaze to the edge of the park and then to me.

Then he grabbed me and kissed me. And after making out for awhile, I thought that it was great being kissed in one of Philadelphia's most iconic destinations.

After the kiss, we walked on and went back to talking. There was never a kiss after that, just a friendship that smolders to this day.

...and that is Rittenhouse Square Park to me.
This neat little park in the Rittenhouse/Center City area of Philadelphia.  It's a neat square with foliage and pathways to navigate around.  There are benches where you can chill for a while with coffee or ice cream.  On the day we were there, there were street performers (magician, bad juggler, horn player) that can entertain you for a bit.  It's good for photo opportunities and just hanging out.  It's not that great for outdoor sports unless you count Hackey Sack or juggling.
I once wrote an ode to the Rittenhouse Square. I wish I could find it because it captured my sentiments for this lovely treasure so perfectly.

***********

Reading reviews for Rittenhouse almost broke my heart and made me yearn to be back in Philadelphia (as if I don't already wish I never left). I even went back to sign up for Friendster where I'd posted the ode a couple years back, in vain hope that I might be able to find that ode. So, I'll have to try to rearticulate, however inadequately this time, my love and appreciation for Rittenhouse Square.

My workday mornings often began with me sitting on a bench in Rittenhouse Square with a cup of La Colombe cappuccino in hand. I loved that morning calm, watching the city awake as people from all walks of life began to make their way through the park with briefcases, dog leashes, lunch bags, gym bags, bags of the sort that bag ladies carry, etc. I loved catching a game of chess being played by a resident homeless man against a Philadelphia dance celebrity (Rittenhouse regulars may know the person to whom I refer). Going to the park to dog watch and pet some extraordinary dogs. Sitting atop any possible surface on a lovely spring or fall mid-day as friends and I enjoy lunch grabbed from Le Bus or Di Bruno Bros amidst all of Center City who also happened to have the same thought. Kicking up piles of leaves or falling onto them with my date. Kissing and making out on the park benches with only hazy lights glowing in the darkness of the night. Watching children wade about and splashing through the fountain. Sitting on the rim of the fountain with La Colombe iced coffee in hand, trying desperately not to wither in the humidity of Philadelphia's summer. Strolling through on a random weekend afternoon or evening, certain to encounter friends with whom I'd likely grab an impromptu drink or meal at one of the establishments on or nearby the square. The impromptu capoeira and b-boy performances. Paul Phillipe Cret, the architect who designed this little square plot of earth in early 20th century, bestowed Philadelphia the gem that epitomizes and anchors for me the beauty and life of this city.
The most beautiful city park I've ever seen.  The gardening is tastefully done - not overdone with brightly colored flowers.  The vegetation is lush and the trees have been there for decades, giving the feeling you are in the backyard of an old mansion.  The trees also provide a lot of shade, which for pale-skinned people like me provides a happy refuge during summer.  I can sit in this garden park for hours.
You cannot go to Philly without visiting this park!
My dog says this is the best place in Philly, hands down. Rittenhouse is great for people-watching, reading, laying in the sun, playing frisbee, walking around, talking to people, avoiding people, picnics, yoga and whatever else you might want to do in a park. Also, the Saturday morning farmer's market is awesome.
Beautiful, fun little park right in the heart of the City.  It's got a lovely fountain, is conveniently located right in the middle of some of the coolest places to hang out in the city, has great people/dog watching, and artists sometimes hang out here and paint/draw/etc.  I really like this place.

Also, it was in the movie "In Her Shoes" a lot.  I love seeing my city on the big screen.
We used to drink 40's, smoke blunts, and commit all manner of hijinks and tomfoolery here. I remember watching a friend, sprawled on a park bench, vomit cough syrup in broad daylight way back in the day.

I also remember one time joining some people in a swim in the fountain who had just come back from a prom, for no good reason other than being shit-faced drunk.

Although I am no longer of their ranks, the park is still full of n'er-do-wells, wastrels and derelicts playing guitars and bongos, smoking dope and cultivating an air of bohemianism. If you see someone of working age playing a guitar in the park during the day, tell him "get a job" for me.
The most sunning park in Philadelphia! I love walking through here, it's so serene. The city is making it even more beautiful with new plants going up all over the park. Gorgeous!
I love this convenient, charming, quaint park!  It's lovely to walk through and to spend time reading, knitting, with a pet or friend.  I've had many lovely outings in this sweet Center City spot!!  The park does feature a Farmer's Market, Arts Festival and other vendors.  While I enjoy the cultural enrichment, I could do without all of the vendors.  I've often wanted to spend more time at other parks and gardens throughout the city which are less busy and commercialized.

I have questioned the safety of this park because there is often a pungent smell of weed, a constant police presence and I have heard multiple people strongly advise me against walking into this park past 9pm for safety reasons.  Although Rittenhouse Square is one of the loveliest areas of the city, in my humble opinion, there are a lot of homeless in this park.

There are beautiful residences surrounding the park, local businesses, coffee shops and fine dining.  The park is an epi-center of multiple fun things to do and enjoy!  If you enjoy Rittenhouse Square, check out the outdoor seating at Parc, Devon and Rouge overlooking this park, in addition to Joe Coffee Company across the street, and some of the real estate in Rittenhouse Square is some of the most expensive in the area because of this location!  

At Christmas, there is caroling, beautiful Christmas lighting and it's beautiful, like a winter wonderland!  This is definitely a park not to be missed!!!
Rittenhouse Square Park is great for people watching, as Caitlin mentioned.  You have the gamut: hippies hackysacking and playing Grateful Dead on guitar, homeless people talking to themselves in the bushes, business dudes noshing on their lunches, old people hogging all the benches, and dogs.  Lots of dogs. 

On a warm spring day (not today, for instance) Rittenhouse pretty much rocks for sitting and eating your macrovegan lunch from Natural Goodness.  There are also so many things to see around the park that it will keep you busy for hours.
its my favorite park in philly. great people watching. the artists and performers are plenty.  the nicer the day, the more i love it.. it's packed with cool dogs, and people on blankets. always run into a friend. it's home
Very popular spot on a summer afternoon.  Simple in structure, classic in art and landscaping.   I enjoyed the half hour I spent here people watching and taking in the fresh air.  I have been here other times when events are happening and it is a nice centrally located spot.  Good selection of eateries and businesses surrounding the square if you want to shop or eat.
My most recent visit to Philadelphia is the one that helped me fall in love with the city. Staying in a charming 1750's townhouse nearby, the Rittenhouse Square Park was a beautiful green space I had to walk past or through multiple times a day. I didn't know then that it was one of the original Squares designed by William Penn in the late 17th century for locals to enjoy! Talk about history.

The tree-filled park is a lovely oasis of nature set amongst high-rises and bustling urban life, it's incredibly well maintained with manicured lawns and beautiful garden beds, a reflecting pool, sculptures, and benches to relax and people watch from. It's no wonder this is such a great spot for picnics or relaxing with a good book, but also for bigger events like farmers' markets, art exhibitions, small concerts, seasonal festivals, etc. I can only imagine how lovely it is to sit outside at one of the nearby restaurants overlooking the park while drinking a cocktail!

It's a thoughtfully designed park; for those of us who feel overwhelmed sensorially by big cities, it's nice to have somewhere natural to catch our breath in!
Pretty park right in Center City, the "nice" part of Philadelphia. It feels like the Gramercy of Philadelphia. Great place to go people watch and relax. I have been here in both the holiday season and in the offseason and it is still fun to watch how the locals and tourists act while you are just sitting there on one of the many benches. 

They also have a weekend farmer's market that always seems busy. 

Lastly, it is near a Barnes and Noble so there is also the option to go get a book and take in a few hours at the park afterwards if you so choose.
A great park in the middle of the city! 

With old historical buildings and businesses surrounding it, this park sets a tranquil scene to get away from the hustle and bustle.  

There are many park benches to relax and enjoy some fresh air.  Lighted pathways allow for park goers to still have that secure comfort.  

It was great to stumble across this park.  Another beautiful piece of Philadelphia.
Ever since I found this park, it's definitely become one of my all-time-must-stop-by destinations whenever I'm in the city. It may not be as large and fancy as New York's Central Park but it personally makes for quite the ideal place for any get together where there's some much needed catching up to get to because of it's peaceful and less tourist-y atmosphere. 

Love how you can actually hear, appreciate, and enjoy the various musics that usually play in the park at all areas of the park! Perfect park to visit regardless of whatever season it may be that you choose to visit!
There is nothing better than sitting in Rittenhouse Park on a sunny afternoon.

I will disobey my usual rule of following the lights to walk through the park on my way to work. I will drag out huge school books and convince myself that I will read instead of peoplewatch just to bask in the gloriousness that is Rittenhouse Park.

One time I saw a little old hunched over man with a cane break it down with a group of your typical park dancing troop (jumping over people, doing flips, etc) and it was one of the best things I've ever seen.

Another time I saw a Michael Jackson impersonator complete with jacket, glove, moonwalk and pelvic thrust. Epic.

The baby watching and puppy watching here is incredible. All the cute kids hang out by the goat and play and it's just ADORABLE.

On Saturdays there's a farmer's market with lots of yummy fresh veggies and fruit, and usually free samples.

If you're lucky there will be some sort of art exhibit or festival set up, or even better, a wedding party taking pictures!

If you stay here so long that you decide you need a coffee or a bathroom, go to Barnes and Noble across the street. If you're hungry for Froyo, go to Yogurino and come back and enjoy your tasty treat while watching more puppies and cute kids.

Watch out for the transient ragamuffins, they are usually in hordes and sketchy looking by the west side of the gazebo.

I've also seen rats the size of squirrels, so watch out for those, too.
Rittenhouse Square is a lovely park to stop and rest at during a day of walking around Philadelphia. The park's trees and grassy areas offer a shady refuge from the sun, and if you are able to nab a bench you can sit back and enjoy awesome people and dog watching. With such a great location you really can't ask for much more.
No place else like it in the city. Come for the dog Halloween show... such a good time! Great upscale places all around. If you are visiting Philly, you definitely want to check out this area. Great people watching as well :-)
Philly's favorite outdoor locale for sunning & picnics; dog walks & children's play dates, meeting up with a friend, and meeting your neighbors. In the summertime, they have free movies, concerts & events. On saturdays, there is a farmers market. There are also seasonal artist fairs and the like, and a really fun Gala each year. Rittenhouse is a lovely place to enjoy your day all year round.
Growing up in NY, and having Central Park as my home, I often long for it when sitting in Rittenhouse. However the park is nice, and it's well maintained. Sometimes too well maintained, as most everything is forbidden. Forget about playing music, that's condemnable.

But the location is great. Ton's of places to shop and eat.
I am ABSOLUTELY head over heels  madly in LOVE with Rittenhouse Park. I do have to preface my review with the fact that I got married here last summer, well not 'technically' in the park, but at The Church of the Holy Trinity on the corner. It was the perfect summer day, and as we came down the church steps in tune to The Carolins, a crowd of park urbanites greeted us with a heartwarming round of applause and it felt amazing! We did a lap around the square in our horse and carriage followed by a standing ovation at the crowd at the other Parc, ( the Steven Starr french bistro) you could see all walks of life coming together to share this precious piece of urban real estate!
Rittenhouse is just a breath of fresh air from the hectic hustle and bustle, of the sometimes erratic city Life. The park boasts many a dog lover, it's fun to match the pet to the owner! Every park goer seems to have an interesting story to tell.
The summer time also hosts great open air events, impromptu chess games, to the ballroom dancers, musicians of every kind, there is always the casual art, meticiously trying to capture the energy of this park on to his blank palette,  an arts fest appears at the end of summer, as does a great farmers market where you can get fresh homegrown produce and meats! During the winter months, the trees are adorn with colorful lights to celebrate the spirit of the season.
Even when there is absolutely nothing going on in the park, my  post church strolls or a pit stop during an insane work week is a great personal retreat.
It's truly a great place and there is something for everyone here. The people watching is phenomenal.

I HEART you Rittenhouse!!
the best part about rittenhouse is that if you are a social person you will most likely see at least one person you know there. The worst part about rittenhouse is that if you are a social person you will most likely see at least one person you know there.

People flock to Rittenhouse even in the lousy weather--a testament to it's greatness.

Rittenhouse can get a little overcrowded but it never seems to be too loud or distracting for everyday adventures.

The homeless people are minimal during the day, during the night notsomuch. A star doesn't get taken away for that because there really are few places in Philly that don't have homeless people, so it's not a huge inconvenience.

There are so many types of people that frequent the beautiful green that you really could never get bored.

Rittenhouse Park just has a friendly atmosphere, unlike most of the stores surrounding it. It's a great little oasis to picnic, read, play frisbee or just sit and people watch.
I really do miss living 3 blocks away from here. While I'm still currently baffled as to why they try to silence its music, Rittenhouse Square is always a fascinating park to be in. so many different kinds of people set foot in it daily and there's always something interesting going on.
And music will be making a comeback, at least for August. Philly Weekly's concerts in the Park will be hosting the likes of Burndown Allstars, Asteroid #4, Yah Mos Def, Los Straitjackets, and MAN MAN!!!!
I remember Rittenhouse seeming a lot larger when I was younger... maybe my ability to drive (slowly) around the park has diminished its size to me. Regardless, this is one of my favorite parks in the city and a GREAT place to people-watch. I have whiled away a few afternoons in the park reading, doing homework, or meeting the various dogs that come to play here. I've always enjoyed my time in this park, although it can get a little creepy at night (personally, it's the fountain and the brush that does it for me).

Bonus: in the winter, people make giant snowmen all over the park and it's fun to pose with all of the snow sculptures (or try to figure out what they are)!
I was sitting in Rittenhouse today for the first time in a couple of months and I was reminded of how much I love it.  There is something fascinating about the mixture of the rich, the homeless and the average that make up the population of the park.

I used to love sitting here before work, reading and writing, while the homeless slept on benches nearby.  Then, slowly, as the morning wore on, suits began to fill up the benches and the homeless seemed to disperse.

I love Rittenhouse for the sociologist that lives inside of me.  And it is that, which will keep me coming back to people watch forever.
Probably one of my least-favorite green spaces in the city, in my experiences. It always seems to me that most of the grass is roped off, and that the whole place seems rather empty, with people passing through, ignoring everyone else via cell phones and earbuds. I have come several times in order to get a coffee at La Colombe, and sat in the park enjoying my cup, spending a little time people watching. Or I would have, if there were many people to watch.

I think one of the most revealing things was something an acquaintance of mine once said. "Rittenhouse Square is great! You can go and sit and look at the few skyscrapers we have, and pretend you're in New York City!" That's great, but I don't want to pretend that I live in NYC. I live in Philadelphia, and I want to enjoy a park that suits it (and) better.
1.) This park makes me want a dog in the city!!!!
2.) This park has great people watching.
3.) This park has a brozed goat
4.) If you need help walking your dog... I was serious with #1
Philly has several little pockets of green space, and Rittenhouse Square is my favorite. Smack in the middle of center city, surrounded by some of the most beautiful apartments, row homes, cafes, and restaurants, is the best place to enjoy a few minutes of peace on a sunny Philly day.
 
There are few moments that bring me sanity in this chaotic world, but I never feel more refreshed than I do after time spent people watching, dog petting, and sipping my coffee on the benches of Rittenhouse Square Park. Not to mention, on a beautiful sunny day, there are some awesome photo ops of the Liberty Towers and various garden sculptures.
In an effort to visit all of the squares in Philly, we went through this park. We didn't spend a lot of time here as we used it as a passthrough on our way elsewhere. 

I liked this park as I like all parks, but this one was my least favorite of the squares. It seemed to be a huge space where others were using it for the same reason we were! It was crowded compared to the other squares. 

The lion/snake statue was awesome, but it was only that. It was just a statue to look at and keep moving. It wasn't anything to marvel at. I also like the pond/fountain in this park. It had a lion where the water was coming out of his mouth. 

I'm glad we went through this park, but I don't think I'd go out of my way to visit it.
It's a bit on he small side but it can be a great relief after a day of shopping or whatever mess you have gotten yourself into.

There are a lot of children running around laughing and just having an all around great time. It definite has it's own feel to it with a big family pull and even young crowd. A good mix and a very nice refuge in the city for sure.
How can you not love any park in the middle of a city? It's a nice change of scenery. I agree with a previous reviewer who said this place makes him want a dog.   For the amount of dogs & people who are in there daily, especially in the warm weather, I'm really impressed with how clean it manages to stay.  
It's not a park with a baseball diamond or a jungle gym and I think I love it more because of that...   just nice paths & trees lit up in the winter with people there who enjoy fresh air.  Nothing bad to say about it.
When the sun is out, I love grabbing a coffee and strolling to Rittenhouse to grab a bench and people/dog watch. The trees here are so gorgeous. Everyone of all ages comes to this park to enjoy it! There is a lot going on, especially when it is nice out, so don't expect a quiet day in the park.  It is perfectly placed for when you need a break from all of that shopping.
Best park in the city for relaxing, hanging out, and people watching. They don't sell food here but almost any food you would want is within a few block radius. I like to grab food to-go and eat it in the park. There are plenty of benches and open space for picnics.

In Rittenhouse square you never know what you might see. You could see street performers, street musicians, sun bathers, kids playing in the fountain, flash mobs, wedding parties, movie nights, the naked bike ride, crazy people talking to themselves, or the occasional concert. That unpredictability is a part of the charm.

Philly is a city of parks, but Rittenhouse square is at the top of the list.
I really enjoy parks in the middle of downtown. You don't see them as much on the West coast, certainly less in LA. Rittenhouse is the flagship park in Philly and gets all the press but I think it's a little overrated (most underrated Park: Chan Ho Park -- had some good years early on and was a big innings guy, don't blame him for his outlandish contract, blame the Rangers). Huge mix of people there and great place to lay on the grass with a good book or walk your dog. Surrounded by (expensive) sidewalk cafes and you can run in to the Barnes and Noble for a magazine if you need something to read. They decorate the trees nicely for the winter holidays and it's gorgeous in the fall. Has its share of homeless persons. Plenty of festivals. They have an arts fair once a year. My friend refers to it as "Come Put Your #crap# in the Square" day. Fruit vendors on the North side on the weekends. It's a walking city, so when you go, walk through to check it out!
On my walks through Center City, I often stop at Rittenhouse to read or do a crossword puzzle, but always find myself distracted by all of the interesting people I see there. I always have my camera with me, so I've taken many photos of people here, and the people who notice are very friendly about it (pretty rare for Philadelphians). 

Over the summer, I went there during a beautiful afternoon and was lucky enough to get a spot on a bench, across from one of the most interesting and eccentric people I've ever laid eyes on. This man was dressed like the Little Dutch Boy and had an owl puppet with a graduation cap and gown sitting to his left on the arm of the bench. Every few minutes, he would turn to the puppet and speak to him in French, taking regular brief pauses to sneak furtive glances at his neighbors, as if he were conspiring against us. Then, he would resume his whispering to the puppet, complete with his hand over his mouth, and crack up laughing. It was probably one of the greatest things I have witnessed since I moved to Philly.

Anyway, the only problem is that it's always so crowded that often it's hard to find a spot on a bench. The Park also hosts many events, like concerts in the summer, which are always a good time. It's always a good time in Rittenhouse Square.
I've been here once and loved it!  I met a friend here and we spent hours laying in the grass sharing music and rocking out to our ipods.  This is her special place in Philly and she shared it with me and pointed out all of the good things about it, and now I see why it's her favorite place.  There were all kinds of people that came together all in this one park to enjoy the same beautiful day.  Some were just talking, and others playing music, or walking, doing whatever.  One girl was rocking out with the mandoline, and it made my day.  

If you want a beautiful place to relax, hang out and people watch, this is the place.  Find yourself a nice spot on the grass, or a nice bench and just enjoy.  It's hard to believe this beautiful park is right smack in the middle of Philly, but it's there and definitely worth checking out.  You won't be disappointed. :)
i adore rittenhouse, especially during spring. i love the randomly dispersed benches, its such a great spot to just sit and chill with a friend or two. its also a nice enough spot to picnic and chill out and read a book or sketch a picture.
I do think all of Center City's parks are real, but certainly, Rittenhouse is the crown jewel, the one that the city is remembered for. Granted, a large portion of that reputation belongs to the nearby shopping, restaurants, hotels, and extravagant homes, but this is one place for commerce and relaxation that everybody seems to remember.

Rittenhouse, for being as small as it is, has its characters. There's the bird lady, the gentleman with the penny jacket, the Rick James look-alike, and numerous other 19th Street celebrities that, if you spend enough time there, will come into contact with.

I love a good Sunday New York Times scooping at B&N, heading over to Rittenhouse, coffee in hand, and passing time until 1 o'clock kick-offs or whatever other priorities I have. It's simply amazing in the holiday season, but Philadelphia needs to bring back the colored lights instead of those dainty white ones they used this year.

As we approach elections, avoid campaigners here... and the kids who get $17 an hour to "raise money" ($20 a month, see the paradox?) for children in Africa. Rittenhouse, as beautiful and magestic as she is, is solicitiation city.
A welcome spot to relax on a nice, breezy day in the middle of the city. Rittenhouse Square Park is well-manicured, well-maintained and full of benches to sit and watch in awe the diversity of personalities that inhabits this park on a daily basis.

In 30 minutes I saw the following:

* ten babies in baby strollers all together on some type of group playdate
* two of said ten babies screaming uncontrollably
* a man sitting on a bench playing the flute
* a woman laying on her back on the grass in a bikini texting furiously^
* a small pocket of drunkards, two of who were exchanging unpleasantries with each other
* a gaggle of business-dressed people eating their lunch in the park
* at least five pregnant women enjoying the free time

I found Rittenhouse Square Park to be a fantastic layover for any type of day, any type of mood and any type of person.
__________________
^ The phone was actually blocking part of her face and her tanning and I might hazard to guess that there is a woman walking around the city with a cell phone tan on her face - no need for sunglasses.
I realized that I spent a lot of time here, maybe to forget about everything. Ahh, I like that.
Coffee drinkers. Exercise junkies. Cigar smoking. dog walkers. picnic goers.people watchers. & a jazz player deep in the background playing along so you can get lost in your own personal thoughts. 

Grab a coffee. take your shoes off & walk in the grass. love this place, right around the corner from my hotel. glad I came to take a timeout from the rowdiness.
It was nice to walk around Center City and stopped at Rittenhouse Square. Great place to people watch and just relax. Too bad it rained on my trip but we caught some sunshine one day. I'll be back.
Cute park in the middle of a square block of charming apartment complexes and restaurants. Great place to live* if you are in Philadelphia.

* not the park, the Rittenhouse area is a good place to live. Although, I think there are some ppl who do live in the park.
I've never lived in New York, so I can't say what it might be like to live around Central Park---maybe Philly's little patch of grass isn't much to look at, in the big picture. But like Russ C. says, it manages to do a tremendous service to this city and its people: all types of people. West-Center City owes a tremendous amount of its development---its fine restaurants, its hotels and boutiques---to this pretty, well-kept plot of earth. On this side of the city, everything seems to expand outward, starting with Rittenhouse. The park is an excellent place to eat you lunch when the weather is warm, and around Christmas time (I'm Jewish, for what its worth) it's a gorgeous sight, with the lights adorning all the trees.
This place is fantastic to people watch, or just read and listen to some good jazz on a lazy sunday afternoon.  

I usually head over here when I just want some time alone to unwind or to just catch up on reading.  I just wish the States would do like the French and allow us to drink wine whilst reading publicly.
A beautiful space
to kick back and take a pause.
My Rittenhouse Square.

From summer picnics
to romantic winter walks.
Sublime all the time.
Right across from Barnes and Noble is this park where I always relax in after a hard day of work or shopping (Shopping bags gets heavy too, thank you very much!) it's nice to walk around in, gathering in the picturesque scene and lost in a book I would carry along with me. It's quite fun during the times where they hold festivals or there's a street performer showcasing his or her talents. 

The people there are quite friendly seeing how I always have a stranger or two chatting me up as if I'm their own friend or (as creepy as it may seem) people watch seeing how it is on the posh side of town, I always receive/give out compliments to the women showing off their latest fashion trend. Going here, it reminds me of my love for the city all over again whether it's Autumn, Winter, Spring or Summer; Rittenhouse always brings a smile on my lips.
Best place to people watch, read, write, study..etc..in philadelphia hands down. My last trip recap:

I've come here to get some work done, but how can I ? A large african american man is balancing a girl on his foot then precedes to spin her around...on his foot. Oh great, a man who looks like a roadie for Pfish in cutoff jean shorts has decided to do squats and lunges in front of my view of the acrobatics. I will look over to my left, some attractive young lady is sunbathing... can't stare for to long don't want to be too creepy (remember sun glasses next time) and look! Some guys have set up a tight rope. 2 of the guys look like the guys that use to play ultimate frisbee and acoustic guitar outside the college student center; the other guy has a beer belly and is dressed in business casual. The ultimate frisbee tag team precedes to get buried by the tightrope, if they were in the circus they would very much be dead. Oh shit, business casual is rolling up his khackis..don't do it business casual you saw what happen to team ultimate frisbee. Holy Shit!  Business casual  is not only walking the tight rope he is moonwalking backwards on it... MJ is not dead folks instead his dream of becoming a white man has come true and he is performing at Rittenhouse Square Park.
One of my favorite places in the city when its sunny. Its the one spacious spot in center city where there's some good swing music and well manicured lawns. 

Though its a small park (1 block), it is surrounded by great restaurants/shops and its lively regardless of the time of year. 

It will always be my favorite place to spot cute dogs/puppies/birds and read a book on the weekends!
So many great memories from this park while growing up.  I love the sheer variety of people that come here, from the neighborhood couples walking their dogs to the scraggly kids with their drum circles.  This place is gorgeous in all seasons, even during the winter when the colorful light globes are strung through the trees. I've had picnics, reunions, chance meetings, alone time, naps,  frisbee games, and plenty of passing-the-time occasions here.  Like Philly, I love this place cuz it's small, familiar, and accessible, yet so much stuff goes on  and it's so easy to just stroll into the park after downtown shopping or meals. Very lovely place that's full of character.
The quintessential Philly locale for people watching, petting cute dogs, or having a romantic picnic. All in one conveniently central spot. Ah, I love Philly!
One of my favorite things to do on my day off is to lounge at Rittenhouse Square located on 18th and Walnut.  Right off the best street for shopping, several blocks away from the business district and "Latin Quarter," and right over the bridge from University City, Rittenhouse Square attracts all kinds of folks; from the fire-breathing gypsy punks, to the overworked young professionals, stay-at home moms, young violin prodigies and people looking to read a good book, Rittenhouse Square is the best spot to people watch, have lunch, get a tan, or do pretty much any leisurely activity on a warm sunny day.
I needed a place to pass a couple hours before heading to the train station. I knew that Rittenhouse Square Park was going to be just the place. Can we say, People Watching......

On one side of me I had a musician playing the recorder or something that looked like one and on the other side of me I had a homeless man, blaring hard rock from a blown out radio he had attached to his buggy.  

People from all walks of life gathered in this park, passing time, enjoying lunch, nannies pushing buggies full of kids, care workers with the elderly, me, the homeless.... 

They were taking down a large structure in the center of the park so many of the walkways were blocked off. They also started to dump over HUGE plastic containers full of water which was flooding the walkways beneath people's feet. I'm talking like hundreds of gallons of water. I think they were used to hold down the structure they were removing. 

There are plenty of benches, and trees to sit under, with numerous restaurants lining the streets around the park.
I just moved to Philadelphia and living a block away from this park has been great. I have two small dogs and walking them through this beautiful park everyday has been a highlight of my stay here. I'm looking forward to spring as I'm sure it will be even more beautiful once all the trees are in bloom.
This is a beautiful park! Loved people watching from one of the many benches. Tons of trees and open areas. A place of calm and quiet in the busy city. We sat around waiting to eat breakfast on a Sunday morning and were so happy to be there. Recommend stopping here if you need to clear you mind!
oh rittenhouse, how I love thee.
when I need some alone time, you let me sit in the shade and drink a coffee while I people watch. 
your beautiful trees and grass enchant me.
there's always music or dancing to entertain me.
at night, you are a quiet place to talk to a friend while eating popsicles. 
when I'm up for company, you are a central place to meet people and pass the time, content to not do much of anything. 
rittenhouse, you are a gem within philadeldphia, and my love for you only grows with time.
This park is quaint and idealic in location. An oasis in the midst of the bustle of center city offices and the homes of people willing to pay exorbitant amounts of money for small apartments. 
I used to work nearby and would walk to this park for a few moments of sanity by the fountain on my lunch break. Among the lounging homeless people and head bobbing pigeons one finds that the lush greenery provides one with a sense of calm and restoration. It is a haven, it is romantic and a great small park in Philly.
This is a great "city park" in the prestigious Rittenhouse Square section of center city.  Plenty of green grass, nice trees and shrubs. The park is under some much needed renovations in the center of the park area.  It's dog friendly, family friendly.  Enough room to throw a football or frisbee. Only Down Side, Lots of vagrants and Bums are now starting to populate the park toward the hours of 5-7pm.   Some of them are rather aggressive, asking for money, cigarettes and peoples unfinished beverages.  As I sat on the south side of the park I was entertained by a drug user and his buddies asking people walking by for money to smoke some more "crack".  In the 2 hours that I sat in the park, I did not see one Police Officer come through the park. Where are the Bike Officers? I think L.E. Could get a lot more proactive in the entire city with moving these "folks" along.  Almost every single center city corner has someone sitting on the sidewalk begging. Kids, families and especially our Tourists shouldn't have to listen to this.
Gosh I don't even know what to say about this park. Yes it is crowded but that doesn't even matter. Perfect to hang out with a book, picnic, people watch or just be with your friends. It is gorgeous during the winter and you'll never want to leave during the summer. I have some very special memories here and I really love this park.
This is a 5 star park without question. 

Love stopping through here for any amount of time, any time of day, just about any time of the year.

If you're out for lunch during the work week (or any time for that matter), it's a great place to chill outside, sit on a bench/ledge/grassy area and just chazz it up with friends or work buddies.

I even love coming out to the area to sit and have lunch alone sometimes or to bring a good book to read. 

The people watching is unrivaled and it's an all around good time at the park. Even better is that it's located right next to so many good restaurants and shops so you aren't far from activity when you're ready to change the scene.

Bonus for coming on Saturdays and checking out the outdoor markets when the weather is nice!
If there has been anything constant about my life here in Philadelphia, I would have to say Rittenhouse is it.  Although only those with money actually live there, all walks of life can be seen here on a daily basis.  It is almost always bustling with people (And squirrels.  And dogs.) 

They are always working on the landscape and the lovely hostas bloom under the cover of huge oaks.  There are always live musicians, boomboxes, people playing chess, dogs running around.  It's the quintessential Philly.

Make sure to walk a few blocks away to get food though.  Most of the stuff right on the square has overblown prices. Also, cops patrol this area often and this makes you feel safe.
I do love a good park! Benches, grassy expanses, plenty of opportunities for people watching... Rittenhouse Square Park has all of these wonderful park staples. Grab a copy of One Step Away from a conveniently-located vendor nearby and enjoy it perched on the wall at the park entrance, or lean casually against a tree and peer over the shoulder of a painter at work capturing the beautiful scenery on canvas. This park is also conveniently located to a lot of great restaurants, making it a perfect picnic spot. I came with a friend on the day of the Rittenhouse Row Spring Festival and someone had abandoned a stub of sidewalk chalk, which we proceeded to use to contribute to the masterpieces already gracing the ground. So much fun!
This park has it all, design and layout.  From the doggies to the sidewalk cafes, I miss this place so much.  We used to eat lunch here in the afternoon in the fall, it is so pretty when all of the leaves are changing.
picture this, a park where yuppies, hipsters, musicians, moms, dads, children, blue collar and white collar workers alike, teenagers & 20 sharing the same space and loving it. It's just like a little piece of nature smack dab in the middle of center city. This is no Central Park , but it's definitely a nice slab of awesome in philly that holds a special place in my heart.
My biggest issue with the park is what happens to it at night. Far too many "unsavory characters" lying around.
During the summer this is the best place to bring a blanket and have a picnic. You really feel outside city limits when the trees are in full bloom. Relax and bring a book or just stroll by on a run.

Every time I come I encounter a new dog breed. I also really like the farmers market and art fair that sets up shop every June. Sit by the fountain and listen to live music. Sometimes there is a DJ that sets up shop other times there are dance troupes. You never know what to expect when you come to the haus.
I live a block away from Rittenhouse Square and walk by it every day. I've spent a few times sitting in the park, attempting to study but really people/dog watching. It's a great place to sit and have a chat or study or do whatever. It's a beautiful park with some amazing trees and yes there are homeless people but what city doesn't have them and it's definitely filled with lots of Philadelphians as well.
Yes, I'm a fan of the square.
It's a little corner of quiet in the middle of the city, and I appreciate that. 
As a public space it's pretty good. Could use a little more grassy areas that are poop-free, but that's ok. 
Benches are generally aplenty, and sufficiently comfortable.
It's hard not to be oggled by the permanent park fixtures sitting on said benches as you're passing by, but there's nothing too sketchy. Certainly two notches below, say, Washington Sq as far as eerie people factors go. 

It's also pretty fun for people watching, if you're into that kind of thing. When both sinuous rows of benches are full in the afternoon, it's definitely a scene, and a nice one at that. A weird reminder that in Philly, even in the most 'upitty' neighborhood, you get a nice touch of humanity.

(p.s. There's no equivalent to a Saturday morning cup of coffee from La Colombe enjoyed in the park, followed by grocery shopping at the farmer's market on the north end of the square)
