I went to the Susquehanna Bank Center last week and was basically hoping this would work out for me - in lieu of any yelp reassurances that this is the way to go.  I was going to take PATCO to Camden and then walk, when I saw some reviews of the SBC talking about taking the ferry over - I promised myself I would write a review for future concern/aquarium goers who needed a testimonial that this is a legit service (you can look at their website but for me, its lacking a certain credibility).

So in a nutshell - it is legit.  The boat just goes back and forth during concerts/events at SBC, and you can get a ticket for only $6 roundtrip.  Not bad at all when you consider what parking fees at the venue + $4 toll to get over to Camden.  The ride takes about 6 minutes, then you unload, they load up, wait 5 minutes for stragglers, then head to the otherside.  The ticket booth is right in front of the dock.  It's pretty straightforward.

There's nothing fancy about the ride (other than the Delilah on the speakers) but this will be my preferred mode of transport the next time I go to Camden.
Do you have a concert over in Camden? Don't feel like making that drive over the bridge and getting stuck in gridlock while getting there and pay an arm and a leg for parking? 

Take the Riverlink ferry and in a matter of 10 minutes (dock to dock) you'll be across the Delaware River and on your merry way to your venue.  It's a nice, clean, calm ride and especially at the end of a nice day, the city skyline and Penn's Landing looks awesome from the second  level of the ferry.  They run an express boat, every 15 minutes, two hours before each show, and a half hour after the show's end.  They no longer offer one-way tickets (total bummer), and roundtrip per adult costs $7.

The only drawback is the return ferry - and the complete mayhem that ensues at a concert's end - it's always such a shit show - there are no lines and no orderly fashion by which you can get back onto the boat - and you've often got a bunch of drunken, annoying 18 year olds to contend with (and that depends on the concert crowd, obviously). They now have a police officer on board on show nights, so I don't know if that has made a difference. 

Bottom line though, if it's between this and PATCO, I'd recommend the latter- 

Regularly, the ferry runs on the hour leaving from Philly and on the half hour from Camden.  It's a nice option if you're going to see the Camden Riversharks, the Aquarium and Children's Garden or Battleship New Jersey.
"STRANDED!  You're (blank) out of luck folks. Ramp is broken or some nonsense. No, we don't have a backup, no we don't have an alternative. You're going to miss a good bit of the concert because we are incompetent."

They might as well have said this at around 7pm on 7/3/13, the night of the WMGK Heart concert. We had to take a taxi back home to get the car, drive, pay the toll and the $25 parking fee in Camden!!

Useless, thanks to the corrupt Philadelphia River Port Authority. You know, the folks responsible for those water taxis bought 10 years ago that sit unused on the water shortly below this dock. Yeah, the ones who collect bridge tolls and use the money to line their pockets and award special projects unrelated to the river at all.

Ahhh Philly, you'll never be a world class city this way.
I finally rode the ferry today, back and forth between both sides of the Tall Ships Festival. My ferry ticket was included in the Tall Ships Philadelphia Camden festival tickets. The ferry operated continuously, every 20 minutes, throughout the festival.

Highlights: 
* RiverLink Ferry runs a from Penn's Landing in Philadelphia, to Waterfront in Camden!
* Docks are right next to the Independence Seaport Museum in Philadelphia, and next to the Adventure Aquarium in Camden.
* 12 minute ferry ride.
Prices:
* Adult: $7.00.
* Children (3 and under): Free.
* Seniors: $6.00.
* Group of 20+: $5.50 / person per ride. Make sure to purchase it 48hr in advance.
Schedule:
* May and September: Saturdays and Sundays.
* Between Memorial Day and Labor Day: Everyday. 
* Special events: 30 minutes after the event.

Four Yelps.
I thought I'd explain how this works, since we were so confused by what we'd seen on other sites.
To get to Camden for a concert or event, you board the ferry at Penn's Landing, in front of the seaport museum, and get off in Camden at the aquarium. The ferry leaves every hour on ONE SIDE OF THE RIVER: meaning, if you're on the Philly side at 1, the ferry leaves Philly at 1, then docks in Camden, then leaves Camden at 1:30 to go back and dock and board in Philly for a departure at 2.
It's a relatively short ride, but you might have to stand in line for a while (especially after the concert on the way back). We left before the encore of our show, and were happy when we saw that we'd make the second ferry trip and that the line behind us was a mile long. Also, some of the Camden residents will sometimes come out to beg or try to sell you things while you wait in line. Not dangerous, since there are so many people, but annoying.
About the tickets....you can't buy a one way ticket, but each ticket (two trips worth) costs $7, and each half of the ticket is exactly the same. We'd taken the bus over to Camden (NEVER AGAIN!!) and decided that a ferry back would be much better. To keep from paying $7 for a one way, I took half the ticket, and the boyfriend took the other half. We got on without any issues.
From Philly, you just hop on a $7 round trip Delaware RiverLink ferry to take you to Camden, which is steps away from the Bank Center or Adventure Aquarium. 

The GF and I have used it to go to the Aquarium and see several concerts at Susquehanna Bank Center. There are more ferry trips scheduled (express) during the time of these concerts.

Just beware of the rush (and line-cutters) when you get to the Ferry after the show though. If you make it to any part of the line that is before the top part of the hill (you'll know what I mean when you stand in line), you should make the first ferry ride. Security could do a better job of policing the line rather than lounging around at the front doing nothing.
the ride was a quick 8 to 10 minutes to get across. no problems. i just wish you could buy tickets online ahead of time, so you're not rushed or stressed about getting to the ticket booth early. additionally, the 7pm ferry left later than scheduled - it felt like a good 15 minutes late.
$7 roundtrip. Easy way to get from camden to philly. About a 15 minute walk to south street. 3 year olds and under free. You can buy online and print to avoid the line.

There is a restroom on board. It is not terrible in fact much better than the port a potties you'll have access to at spruce harbore park. 

The first level is inclosed and has climate control. The second left is not climate controlled but has a roof the shelter from rain.

Strollers are allowed.
At $7 for a round trip this is the cheapest way to go to Adventure Aquarium, SBC center, or Wiggins Park from Phill. It is clean, affordable, and fast! They run on the hour every :30 from Philly and every :00 from Camden although the trip itself is only about 10 minutes. You'll find lots of taxis on the Philly side after a show and can avoid the meter less cabs that love to pick up unsuspecting concert goers in Camden!
Amazingly inefficient. You'll spend more time waiting for the crew to prepare the ferry and finalize departure than you will out on the water. Lord help you if you decide to take this as your main mode of transportation to Camden for a concert. I'd suggest you do yourself a favor and take literally any other form of transportation. Uber, Patco... I think walking across the bridge would get you across the river quicker than the ferry. Avoid at all costs, seriously.
I use this ferry at least once a summer to attend concerts at the Susquehanna Bank Center.
Personally there is no price to great to avoid driving and parking in Camden in my book.
This is an inexpensive way to get yourself to the lot, venue and back again without having to worry who is DD.

There is also a certain charm about sitting on the 2nd level on the last ride to Philly, a cool breeze blowing around you, and the beautiful glowing Philly skyline.

Be prepared to wait a while in line if you are using it for a popular concert.
And remember, when you are waiting in line to get back to Philly and you don't think you will make it on the next boat, RELAX, you probably will :)
Left 20 minutes before the posted time. We missed our concert. Completely unprofessional and over priced. Would not recommend.
No issues with this for me. It's cheap and convenient. $7.00 for a round trip. There's a parking garage nearby. I park up by the festival pier for free and walk down. Takes about 10 minutes to walk. I rather for that than pay $20 for parking. Whatever you decide to do, it's cheaper than paying for parking in Jersey as well as the toll to get back into PA. 

There's the Spruce Street Harbor Park right there and food stands if you're trying to kill time or want something to after.

The ride is quick. The ferry times are extended for events at the Susquehanna. If that's what you're doing, I HIGHLY suggest you leave a little early if you want to catch the first ferry back to Philly. If not, you'll have to wait a little while. That's to be expected though!
Lacks the capacity to handle after concert crowds. The line is disorganized with people cutting. Never using them again for a concert.
Took the ferry to Susquehanna Bank Center for a concert on Saturday. For $7 round-trip, it was convenient and super easy to use. Make sure you are there early if you don't want to be stuck waiting for a while. It's a mess trying to catch the ferry back after the concert, but not impossible to get seats on the first one back. Just be careful because there are no real lines and even though there are multiple cops by the dock, they don't do much to help calm the chaos.
9$ for 45 minute round trip. You can get off in New Jersey or stay on for a full trip. They go up to the Ben Franklin bridge and down the USS New Jersey for some great photo opportunities. Boats are clean and have vending machines. I don't see any place to get an adult be very though.  Do not be late to the boats however as they do leave on time.
We wanted to go across the river to check out the battleship New Jersey.  As far as I know that was the easist way to get over there.

We came on a Friday so there was like 6 people on the ferry going across.  Leaves on the hour (every hour when open) on the penn side and on the 1/2 hour (every hour) on the Jersey side.  

Like a 5 minute ride.  You get a sweet 180 deg view of downtown and the bridge on the ride over and back.
Beautiful day for a ferry ride from Penn's Landing to the Aquarium.  We must have just missed the ferry and we had to wait a little longer than I had hoped for the next one.  Overall it was a great way to get to the aquarium.
I am relatively certain that the staff on the RiverLink Ferry had no idea what was going to happen when Phish decided to play the BB&T arena in Camden for three nights. Thousands of Phish fans trying to get across the river on the ferry could have been a disaster but I do want to applaud the staff for trying their best to keep up with our crazy crowd. I think in general, they did a pretty decent job. This boat must fit at least 500 people and it simply trucks back and forth between the Philly and Camden sides of the river. It's located very close to the Penns Landing Hilton and is a quick uber from Center City.

For events like concerts, you buy an $11 round trip wristband that entitles you to passage to and from. They say the round trip takes about 15-20 minutes, but it was stretching more like 25 minutes just I think because of the extra time to load and unload an extremely full boat.

But our passage was smooth, the staff moved people pretty efficiently and weren't overbearing or mean to people. The vending machines were sold out, which sucked.

I only wish that they'd give people a little more leniency on the return side. They basically say the last ferry is 30 minutes after the show ends. That turns out not to be true because of the fact that it takes almost 30 minutes to do a round trip with the boat and there is way more than one boat load of fans to port back across the river. If they had a second boat, that would help a lot, though I get that maybe they don't because they don't have that kind of capacity crunch most of the time.

Anyway, totally fun and fine way to get across the bridge to Camden if you're going to a show at BB&T or something else! Way better than sitting in traffic. :-)
this guys are buttttt!!!!! Especially this guy Johnny rockets and judge Judy like are u kidding me dooddddddddd thanks for comin holy jeeez
The Tall Ships festival showed how brutally inadequate the RiverLink ferry is. It basically only exists for special events, and it was overwhelmed by two way traffic and all day demand the festival brought. 1 vessel might be enough for getting schoolkids to the aquarium, but it's a nightmare for concerts.

The facilities on either side are strictly barebones, trailers with small tented queues, and no line management to speak of. When I've gone to concerts in the past, it's a near stampede to get on, and then you wait and wait. The dock locations are also inconvenient, the Philly side is twice as far from Market St as it should be, and the Camden side is a bad compromise between destinations.

Aside from events, they don't run often enough to be convenient, and would don't serve any really transportation purpose, it would be more useful to go to Gloucester or Palmyra than Camden.
