I first took my daughter here when she was just beginning to skate and did not expect much. I was pleasantly surprised !! It is very well maintained, rarely too crowded and the price can not be beat!! We now love this place for bi-weekly skating sessions. She gets to practice her figure skating lessons and I get excercise. Whoever is overseeing the rink management is doing a great job. Only wish the season was longer. We have to drive out to the burbs to find a year round rink boo ..
I arrived to an ice attendant posting a sign on the outside of the entrance doors. 

"Public Skate Cancelled...". 

What a bummer. She informed me of some complication to their ice. She continued with they may reopen for their later session at 5:30pm but chances are they will not. They post updates to their Facebook Page, so check there for the most recent news regarding the rink. Funny thing is, on the walk back to my car, and later on that evening, I checked for updates to said page. For one the page exists. Secondly, there hasn't been an update since Feb. 14, 2017. Boy was I heated. Then I head to their website to see if there was any news on the reopening of the ice and nada. 

She seemed empathetic to my sad demeanor considering I was truly looking forward to skating but the entire operation is ass backwards. Considering how many mediums their are for informing people these days, the business could at least manage to use one of them.
The guys can be a little rude but it's not bad compared to the racism we used to experience when we were kids. I'm now in my late 20's and I've brought my children and nieces and nephews here they loved it. Well most of them LOL. They have little fat food choices and of course hot cocoa. $4 for skate rental and admission is free
When I hear free skating and $4 rentals, all I know is that I'm down. I have my own skates so I brought those and had a pretty good time. You know what you're paying (or not) for - it's a public area with lots of kids ranging from 5 to 16. The speakers don't have great music and there's screaming from said kids but honestly, I had an awesome time. The people working there are nice, their rental skates are kept pretty well, and the guys around the rink will make sure you're alright if you fall. 

Don't expect it to be the most beautiful rink you've seen or nicest ice you've skated on. It's a decent surface until about 1.5 hours in, free if you have skates, and nice if you just wanna skate in south Philly. If I was a kid growing up, I'd come here all the time. To be honest, I've skated at Bryant Park in NYC before (free too, but $20 for rentals and $10 for a lock to use their lockers) and there's less people here and I probably had just as much fun.
Um It is free with $3 skate rentals. So I shouldn't even complain. However, it is definitely what skating under I-95 should be like.

SKETCH.

In all seriousness, this place is a good if you have your own skates, are 13 trying to pick up one of the boys that works here, or 5 years old. I am a bigger fan of the RIver Rink for the romantic ice skating adventures. Even though you have to pay major $$ (in comparison to here).
We love this place! very reasonable! If you enter the door of the rink they will give you tickets you dont have to pay for the skating rentals! BUT You have to give the tickets to the worker who works there
It's a decent place to bring children for a cheap and fun activity.  If you want to go ice skating for the thrill and holiday cheer, I'd recommend going somewhere else.  It costs $4 for skate rentals and no admissions cost.  However, you get what you pay.  During my hour and a half there, the ice was not clean, which made skating difficult for me, a slightly less than average skater.  That is my only issue with Rizzo Rink.
Hahhaha that's some south philly goodness right there. Save for the patches of wet ice, we enjoyed it! Please do fix that though - really not safe.
2nd time around was ok. Everyone waits outside until they open the doors. People who walked up last minute were inside before some of us who had been outside waiting, so I do not recommend arriving before hand.

The price is $4 (cash only) for an hour and a half on the ice. There's nothing fancy about the place, but it gets the job done.
