Clemente Park and Playground is a park in the Spring Garden neighborhood.

There is a playing field, a baseball diamond, basketball courts and two different playgrounds segmented by age.

The basketball courts are where the intro sequence for the Fresh Prince of Bel Air were filmed.

The playground is currently undergoing renovation scheduled to be completed by May, 2011.
Park is locked at night.  It is very clean and well maintained. 

The basketball court has changed a lot since the Fresh Prince shot some b-ball and got into a "little fight" before movin' with his auntie and his uncle in Bel Air.
I've been coming to Roberto Clemente Playground even before I moved to the Art Museum Fairmount Area.  Now that I live here the location is my 1st choice for the various adult sports league I participate in. 

The park section has had a major makeover for the better with an awesome playground area and sprinkler section.  The field thought could use some work.  The grass is non existent in some spot creating a major dust bowl for football.  And although they did put some new sand on the baseball diamond it seemed to have washed into the sidewalk area.

There facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/ClementeParkandPlayground is super informative about when the sprinklers will be running, if they are closing early or fun events the park is having.  But I wish there was an update on when the bathroom would be open and they always seem to be out of toilet paper when even I am able to make it in.

Over all this is defiantly one of the better local neighborhood party in Philadelphia.  Its a great location for sports leagues I will continue to pick this spot to play in.
The is a wonderful place for the entire family. Please visit and enjoy the new play area for the children and the upgraded basketball courts. More to come
This place is  amazing for families. Has all new swings, jungle jims and a spray fountain for families to enjoy on a hot summer day. Nice Green space to sit and watch your children play. Simply an amazing play for the community and the entire city to enjoy. The Field can be used by everyone who is looking to enjoy a great multi-perpose field, sports, games, family reunions etc.. Thanks to Friends of Clemente.
