We came, we (did not) conquer the steps ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

We really wanted to experience running up the steps of the Philadelphia Museum of Art and do the famous Rocky two-arms-raised salute, unfortunately, at the time there were school kids practicing at the steps for Philly's annual Thanksgiving event... the 6abc Dunkin' Donuts Thanksgiving Day Parade. The 1.4 mile parade ends at the Philadelphia Museum of Art. From the grandstands we watched a little bit of the practice session by the Parade Youth Choir as they sang "This Is Me" [from The Greatest Showman]. The steps were draped in pink and orange (Dunkin' Donuts colors). It was entertaining to watch as the director would guide/direct from the ground level.

So, even though we were not able to climb the Rocky Steps, it's okay, it was nice to see a very small snippet of this annual tradition. Apparently, this is a big thing every year in Philly. The whole parade can be searched and viewed in YouTube. 

"Gonna Fly Now"... next time!

Review #1237

Yo, Yelp! I did it! My 300th review for 2018!
I wanted to come to Philadelphia only to run up these steps like a movie "Rocky".  Yes Philadelphia offers a whole lot more than here but this was my #1 reason to visit Philadelphia.

I even packed my grey hoodie for this occasion. I came prepared for the right photo opportunity.

Don't worry, we are not the only one posing like Rocky. Everyone else did it too. Just join the crowds and enjoy.

Don't forget to pose with the Rocky statue nearby while there.
Yo Adrian how fun was this going up and down the Rocky  steps and seeing all the sites and scenes and getting ready for our next championship fight it was great. We went here and we recorded a video of us run upstairs had the Rocky music on a big Rocky fan this is an awesome sight to see for sure we had a blast and now I wanna fight Apollo Creed on January 1. Fans of the movie will understand. What a wonderful experience
Queue the rocky soundtrack!!

This place is a definite visit if you are in Philly, super cool and fun to race to the top! It's a beautiful place in front of the art museum, there's a few bronze statues from the movie as well.

Parking is paid across the street, watch out for cars in the roundabout.
I totally ran up the steps in 95 degree weather. I about died, but made it to do the official jogging in place stance from Rocky. This is a staple to philly and a must do activity. It's actually not many steps so don't be discouraged. They even have a statue on the side of Rocky. The view from the top of the steps shows the city and is quite nice. There was a nice sized crowd of tourist and several people working out by running up and down the stairs. I guess the steps inspired them and is a good workout. They had several Ice cream trucks on the street. That was a smart idea Mr. ice cream man. Enjoy your visit!
Underdogs run up the steps, champions run down. 

So much history has occurred on these legendary steps. Newest to this list, and quite honestly topping it, is the Philadelphia Eagles Super Bowl Parade. I don't think anything will ever be as momentous and meaningful.

Aside from epic events, these infamous steps are a great place for a workout. Other cities and comedians might slight us for exercising on steps, but this is a great spot for a killer workout. I'd like to see them try to compete against any of the November Project athletes.

Aside from straight up functionality, the views from the top of the steps over the great city of Philadelphia are breathtaking. The views looking up at the Art Museum from the bottom of the steps exhibit magnitude.

Apparently, it's not just the Rocky Steps though. There's some sort of world renown art museum that's worth checking out as well.
Because when you visit Philadelphia, running up the Rocky Steps is what you do!  It's a piece of movie history that you get to interact with when it's right in front of you.

It was my first time being at the Rocky Steps and I thought it was really cool that they put Rocky's footprints at the top where he celebrated (http://bit.ly/2vlCxkr).  Unfortunately, I just couldn't run up the Rocky Steps.  I wasn't dressed for it and my knees were sore that morning for some reason.  But hey, it's a great view of Philadelphia when you get to the top, probably one of the best panoramic views you can ever get.

Maybe next time I visit Philadelphia, I'll finally run up the steps and celebrate at the top just like Rocky and all the other folks that have emulated him.
Can you visit Philly and not visit the "Rocky Steps"?!?!?! I mean, you could but why would you want to?

I was in town because yet another marathon of mine was canceled but I decided with this one I'd still spend the weekend in the area since I'd already booked the trip. 

Many runners still decided to run the course or some of it, which I later discovered when many of them ended their run here. I guess I've been living under a rock because I would have totally liked to have done that. 

Instead I went around town exploring and instead of running a marathon I ran up the stairs for 30 seconds and called it an "experience". I mean, you've gotta do it! It's pretty mandatory.

Can't wait to return next year and actually run the marathon, what an incredible city. And I'm not dropping the ball on packing that grey hoodie like Yuko mentioned, smart smart smart!!!

Have fun peeps!

and... if you're wondering if I went to the Rocky statue and posed beside it, Of course I did!
I mean, how can you NOT make it to the steps that Rocky ran up and not run up them too?

That thought popped in my head as I stood at the base before striking off in a legit run.

I made it to the top, I jumped all around, I had tissue for my running nose (hey, it was cold!), 

These steps, as i'm sure you know get tons of foot traffic, and i'd have to say it's one of those touristy areas where you get to be an extreme tourist nerd and embrace the environment as well as the movie.  All around the area, you can grab as many souvenirs as your heart desires.  While you're in the area, don't forget to go take a photo of the rocky statue for more tourist fun.

Excellent tourist area with lots of fun and a bit of exercise if you allow it.  Go tear it up!
Review #800!

Definitely one of the most recognizable landmarks Philly has to offer, the Rocky Steps are pretty much a must visit for some. There were no shortage of kids, tourists, and avid excercisers running up and down the steps or posing in the classic Rocky pose on top. His footsteps are center at the top of the steps and marks an excellent place to capture a great view of the city. A statue of Rocky also stands at the bottom off to the right of the museum, but was covered due to construction.

Tourist Beware:
Some "nice" locals were wandering the top of the steps offering to help take photos for some. They honestly looked fairly trustworthy. But after taking the photo, they were asking (demanding) for money before returning the camera in question.

I was a little surprised by how few (less than 100) steps there were (movie magic...). I recommend using the Phlash to get to the Art Museum. It's a tourist-centric day bus that will also take you to many other tourist sights and gives discounts for a flat rate at several parking lots.
Another one of many landmarks is the Rocky Steps, located on the east entrance of the Philadelphia Museum of Art. It is said to be the second most famous movie filming location in the world. My father never failed to remind us while growing up that the steps is a great symbol of perseverance and determination.  I witnessed him reimagining himself running and conquering every last bit of the steps to the top of the Philadelphia Museum of Art, just as Rocky did in the first Rocky film. I knew then that this meant more to him and I didn't fully understand it until the moment I ran up those very steps. I'm not in great shape, and wearing winter fashion boots at the time didn't help trekking up the stairs any easier. However, seeing tourist after tourist including myself recreating the scene from the legendary movie marks a great memory in my heart that I too was walking up these infinite stairs on behalf of him.  Finally, I made it to the top of the stairs. What took my breath away the most is seeing the picturesque of the Philadelphia skyline. The view is just as attractive during the day until sunset. If you haven't visited the Rocky Statue, please do. It's located at the bottom of the Rocky Steps.

Parking meters are available from across the museum. Bring comfortable shoes, there's lots of walking.
From the first time saw Rocky as Sylvester Stallone run through the city and up these very steps, I had to go and see them for myself.  As Rocky turns and looks at the beautiful snapshot of the city skyline and raises his arms, you are immediately pumped full of adrenaline and ready to take on anything-just like the movie character.  Now that my son lives in Philly, I can visit this site as much as I want!  

With a city that contains so much vital history to our nation, the Rocky Steps are also part of that history.  And if you are visiting these steps and looking at the Rocky statue, that means you are just outside the Philadelphia Museum of Art.  This museum is totally amazing, full of a vast array of priceless treasures.  So go ahead, run up those steps, turn, raise your arms in victory, take in that gorgeous skyline.  Then take in the Museum for an unforgettable day.
It's 25 degrees out, ain't nobody playing Gonna Fly Now and running up the steps. Still, we can definitely walk up them and at the top, there are footprints where you could perhaps take a selfie. Which I did, but you can't recognize me because I have the hoodie and the face mask and the sunglasses because it's dang cold here.

Still, it's a super famous spot and I was here!

[Review 10382 overall, 148 of 2019.]
There is no excuse not to visit the Rocky Steps while your in Philly.  Even if you don't know about the Rocky steps or for some crazy reason have never watched the movie, you can see everyone running the steps. For that alone, just for the energy the people exhibit you will want to run along with everybody else.  Even for my lazy ass, after my bf encouragement I ran the whole Rocky steps.  

Anyway the point is, come and visit.  It's a great way to exercise and feel like a winner after going up the infamous flight of stairs from the Rocky movies.
Another iconic place that's fun to check out during your Philly visit all my previous visit never did figured I'd take the time this time around. 
The steps obviously have the history due to the movie which is fun to see the steps themselves are bit run down there seemed to be a lot of cracked spots could probably use a good touch up. 
Fun to check out simply because if u have the energy give it a run up from what I noticed most people walk it lolll.
Once u are on top lovely view of the city I wouldn't say this is a must see but if u are a fan of the movies it's definitely nice to check out.
You really have to run up the steps and jump around with your arms raised just like Rocky in the movie.  It's cheesy and a little goofy but for some reason it's a must do while in Philly and ends up being fun.
Even if you don't know Rocky, you've got to visit the infamous Rocky steps.

Rocky statue is right next to the bottom of the steps. Come early avoid the crowd.
Who doesn't love Rocky and who wouldn't want to stand on the steps made famous by Sylvester Stallone?  I have viewed the steps from the top and bottom - on different trips but never have I run up the stairs although a lot of people do just that while shadow boxing the air.  It is a fun spot and I would say many, many photos are taken as each person relives their particular Rocky moment.
My teenagers had fun running up and down the rocky steps! Great view from the top. Just be careful with those guys who offers to take your pictures. They are nice. They will tell you how to pose. You'll be like oh he's really nice and really good. After you're done, he'll ask for $20. WTF??? 

I would have given him $10 but unfortunately for him I don't carry cash. Thanks for the pictures tho. Appreciate it!
Trying hard now...it's so hard now...trying hard now

Getting strong now...won't be long now...getting strong now

Gonna fly now...fly-ing high now...gonna flyyy, flyyyyyy, flyyyyyyyyyy...

I mainly came to town for this...even though I was also technically in Philly for a convention.  I was listening to Gonna fly now while I was climbing up the steps. It was a great experience to run up the steps and jump around with your hands in the air.   There's lots of other tourist running up the steps.  There is a plaque at the top to the step with the footsteps of Rocky.  However, you have wake up at 4 in morning, listen to a radio host making crank phone calls, drink several raw eggs and do a long run in 29 degree weather in a ratty grey sweat suit in black converse shoes and a blue knitted hat to get the full experience.  Also, critical mass (monthly bike ride...last friday of the month) ends their rides here by running up the steps with their bikes raised up over their heads.  The Philly Marathon finishes at the steps of the Rocky so you can run up the steps after 26.2 miles for an additional challenge.
The Rocky Statue and the Rocky Steps are one of the most famous attractions in Philly, both located at the Philadelphia Art Museum. 

You will find the Rocky Statue at the base of the museum. 

But as for the famous steps, there are 72 steps from the bottom to the top, just as other fellow Yelp members have echoed. You know you want to run up those stairs to the song "Gonna Fly Now" and pump your fist, pretending that you are that underdog training for the biggest fight of your life. 

And once you get to the top, you raise your fists up in the air and feel accomplished because you know you did it! Anyways, the view of the skyline and Benjamin Franklin Parkway make for some great photos (check out my photo).

Definitely a fun visit to do during your trip to Philly, including the statue. Makes for some great photos and video (because you know you will get a video of you running up these stairs).
Fun spot to relive those Rocky movie scenes!  I didn't get to spend too much time here since parking was terrible. Instead, I took photos from a distance but they were terrible. I think everyone and their mothers were doing the Rocky pose on top of these steps.
I came here to do a Rocky scene LOL I ran up the stairs and shadowboxed at the top, but there was no Rocky to be found. The statue was gone.

Apparently they moved it a few years ago and its located right below the steps to the right of the building. If you come here, the outside of the building is nice to look at. I love looking at old architecture. All the detail that goes into it is amazing with the technology they had back then.

Across the street is the water fountain with some pretty neat looking statues. This whole area is a great picture area too. Tons of areas to take some pretty nice looking pics if you are a photographer.

For all my fit junkies, nice cardio if you run up and down those stairs.
My 700th review is one that is near and dear to my heart, and despite how cheesy it may be, or touristy, my fave thing about Philly is the Rocky Steps!!!!

Growing up, my brother and I watched all of the Rocky movies. My dad, also a huge Rocky and Sylvester Stallone fan, would take us to see each and every new Rocky film as it came out. I have also been known to put the various Rocky Steps scenes from the Rocky movies on my headphones/cell phone while I am at the gym, singing, "Flying High Now....feeling strong now!!!" Yes, I'll admit that. No shame in my game!

Each visit to Philly starts, day one, walking up the Avenue of the Arts to the Rocky steps and like clockwork, hubs and I run up them, bounce around at the top, hands punching in the air, just like Rocky. Also cool, there is a place in the cement where Rocky's footprints are along with the name, "Rocky" so you can stand there, feeling a bit of "Yo Adrian" coming from you as you jump around. 

Sure, everyone else who comes to the steps usually does the same thing, but as you run up the steps, feeling empowered with the Rocky theme song in your head, there really is nothing like it, and for a moment, you feel like you are alone, conquering the world, or maybe Drago from Rocky IV. 

Don't forget the Rocky statue- no longer at the top of the steps, it is now off to the side as you are coming up onto the Art Museum, to the right.
Gonna fly now
flying high now
gonna fly, fly, fly...

Call me a tourist, but when I think of Philly, I think of Rocky and his famous steps that he trained on in the movie.  Sadly, I did not get a chance to actually run up them on my trip because well stupid Jay Z was hosting some ridiculous music festival where the whole area was blocked off.

But like Rocky, I didn't let that stop me.  I parked as close as I could before the cops stopped us.  And I ran all the way around the back towards the front up and to the front of the entrance of the museum to over look down the steps.  So I was there...just not all the way.  But it was a way memorable experience having to be very dodgy.
They were way cooler before smartphones. When it took a modicum of effort to take a photograph, get it developed (or develop it yourself), and share it with the limited number of people who would bother to look at the photos you took, having a photograph of yourself doing what Rocky does in the movie was cool, and you had probably seen very few photographs of other people doing the same thing. Now everyone does it, and it's a joke. You're no longer imitating Rocky; you're imitating other people who probably have never seen the entire movie. They might know the opening of "Eye of the Tiger," but that's about it.

Rocky is a weird movie. Parts of it are awful, but that bleak feeling that I got when I watched it as a child intrigued me and stayed with me, and the more I watch it, the more I recognize that that's kind of the point. There's a way in which the working class was portrayed in the 1970s that was visceral and  accurate even if it was glamorized or idealized, which of course it was. Some movies made in later decades come close to the same treatment of the time period (Rudy), but films and movies actually made in '70s feel so much rawer. Think One Day at a Time (the original one); Alice; and Welcome Back, Kotter.

I'm not saying I want to live in those times or that the shows and movies were better, but they did show something that I think people could relate to and even feel without having to know much about the time period.

That's what the Rocky Steps are to me. They're not a set on which I get to reenact a corny scene from a corny movie; they're a setting for something that seemed real, dark, and urgent. And they also created the model for the ubiquitous hard-work montage that we all know and love to parody.
This is the iconic stairs that Rocky sprinted up in Rocky II.  They are in the back of the Philadelphia Museum of Art.  You have an awesome view of the city from the top of the stairs. This is a huge workout destination for locals running up and down the stairs and is no small feat. I ran up the stairs and, yeah, it was a workout.  there is a plaque at the top of the stairs commentating Rocky's run up them and the statue from Rocky III is at the bottom to the left of the stairs. It is a must see for Rocky fans, but should be part of a larger itinerary because it does not take much time to see.  Also, solicitation and panhandling is banned here, so be carful of people trying to get money to take pictures of you in front of and at the top of the stairs.
As a huge fan of the Rocky movies, from the original Rocky (1976), which won the Academy Award for Best Picture in 1977, to the latest installment, Creed II (2018), visiting the Rocky Statue (https://www.yelp.com/biz/the-rocky-statue-philadelphia) and Rocky Steps were my biggest priorities on my first visit to Philadelphia. Yes, I love Rocky that much. The movies are entertaining, nostalgic, and inspirational and the music, especially the songs by Bill Conti, are iconic and some of the absolute best in cinematic history (and in all of music, in my opinion).

The Rocky Steps are located in front of the Philadelphia Museum of Art. There are 72 steps and they are very, very wide. Even if you're not a fan of Rocky, you owe it to yourself to visit the steps and climb to the top to take in the amazing views of Philadelphia. At the top of the steps, facing southeast, you can look down Philly's famous Benjamin Franklin Parkway (https://www.yelp.com/biz/ben-franklin-parkway-philadelphia). It includes historic circles, fountains, statues, and buildings such as Logan Circle (https://www.yelp.com/biz/logan-circle-philadelphia-2), Swann Memorial Fountain (https://www.yelp.com/biz/swann-memorial-fountain-philadelphia-2), and City Hall (https://www.yelp.com/biz/city-hall-philadelphia). The views of the Philly skyline are amazing and picturesque.

At the top of the center of the steps, on the ground, are foot markers for Rocky. You can stand where he stood to recreate his legendary victory poses with fists raised in the air. In addition to pictures at the top of the steps, you'll probably see people run up the steps just like Rocky did in his training montages: https://youtu.be/ABg0c_E7OOI. I did both and had a blast doing it. I want to go back and do it again. Haha.

There were Rocky lookalikes hanging out around the statue and steps. I happened to run into two that I know and met years ago at Dragon Con in Atlanta: @lonstermash and @thelordhumungus (on Instagram). What a small world. At the top of the steps, a man from South Africa (a solo traveler who told me his name was Kennedy), asked if I could help take some photos and videos of him running up the steps and raising his arms in victory. He had traveled all that way. I was more than happy to help out a fellow Rocky fan. The love for Rocky is universal.
If you like the Rocky series then this is the place for you. You get to clime the steps to the Art Museum and have a good look around the area.  Every tour bus that goes buy plays the Rocky theme.  There is a statue just to the side of the steps so you can get a picture of Rocky or with so many people around there are plenty of people who will take a photo of you and Rocky.
Just finished watching Creed which of course reminded me of Rocky Balboa, and the scene where he was running up the "Rocky Steps"!!   When we visited Philadelphia, I had to do what Rocky did and run up those steps & jump around also!  Plenty of other folks were doing it as well!  Simply awesome that I was able to cross this off my bucket list!  One of the other benefits of getting to the top of the steps was checking out the view!  Beautiful view of Philly!
Pretty cool to run up the stairs and pretend you're rocky. Place has a lot of people standing by the statue and the top of the stairs trying to make money by taking your pictures for you. THEY DO NOT WORK THERE! I would not trust them with your phones or camera. No nearby restrooms.
When in Philly you need to stop by here for an epic running video up the stairs like ROCKY! 

The trek here wasn't bad but beware of randoms asking if you want them to take a picture for you. They charge! 

I was a victim. :(((
AKA The Philadelphia Museum of Art. 

It was definitely neat to see the Rocky Steps in person - especially after watching the movies when I was younger. Oh, and what would a visit to the steps be without running them and humming the theme song in your head? Dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun. BOW BOW. Doo doo, doooo! Doo do, dooo! I MADE IT TO THE TOP! So did my pup, hehe.

The statue of Rocky is located beside the steps, as well. It was pretty crowded when we were there and there was a long line to take photos; so, we did not take a picture with the statue. 

Also, parking is pretty hard to find in the location of the steps (especially if it's a busy time of day). We circled a few times before finding a spot. 

Whether you're a Rocky fan or not, it is worth a visit to see the beautiful architecture of the Philadelphia Museum of Art.
We only had a few hours to play tourist before our flight back to LA, so we hired a driver to take us to the touristy spots. This iconic movie location, the Rocky (Balboa) steps was one of them.  

If you're not a fan of steps, there is a ramp that will take you to the top.  The steps are shallow, and the incline is not very steep.  An average person can briskly walk it in 5 or 10 minutes.

We came here on a cold February Wednesday morning around 10:30 am.  I heard that there's people who would take your picture for tips, but I guess we were too early for them (thankfully!).  There's the Rocky footprints at the top of the steps, too.

We had the steps to ourselves, as well as the Rocky statue located at the bottom of the steps.

Check mark... off the bucket list and onto the next tourist stop!
totally free to come here. HEADS UP: DO NOT PARK IN THE MUSEUM PARKING LOT. we had to pay over 30 bucks for parking there for two hours. We were pissed. We soon learned that there are cheaper parking around the area. 

But other than that, it is A MUST thing to do when you are in the Philly area. Bragging rights galore! Ofcourse, you must take pics of yourself running the steps, then around the corner is the rocky statue where you can take more pics of yourself - i suggest the 'fist pumping' or 'raise the gloves' kinda pose- and across the steps are some really awesome bronze statues from like the 1800s. It is intense! I loved it! Now, we went on a blistering cold and windy day, so if you plan on coming here during the winter months, please bundle up. I saw so many tourists with children that was wearing inadeqaute warm clothing. Poor Kids.
Calling all of you Rocky fans far and wide. This is a must do, when in Philly, ya hear? Ya, ya, I know you've already gotten this on your list. Do your warm-ups and get ready to do the same iconic jog that Rocky Balboa did in the film and once you get up there raise your arms and get that obligatory photo. Sadly, I did not get to run/jog up them because I was getting over a respiratory illness at the time, but I did get to walk up them and have that feeling of accomplishment once I got to the top. Though I did not get to run/jog up, my husband and daughter got to do it and they were thrilled to get to the top. The steps are not super steep, but there are a surprising amount of them. It was a really cool thing to do upon our arrival and after unpacking at our hotel. So, when you are visiting, don't forget this is a definitely must, Rocky fan or not! If you have time for the museum, go check that out, too!
The tourists flock to the steps. Not anything you can do about it.
Run, walk, hustle with purpose up the steps (which are less demanding than I expected...but I have never seen the movie, so....)

Just be careful, keep an eye out for other people around you also running and don't be too much of a dingus when trying to film it :-P

Have a good time acting a fool and getting your IRL stairmaster on!
Pretty good experience and jogging the stairs were nice. Be aware of the scammers, they'll try to con you into letting them take your photo then they'll have a sad story to bribe you to pay them. Just be aware.
The world needs more beautiful days like these! ＼(-o-)／

Well...Iv been meaning to run up these stairs...did not know it was the main entrance to the Art Museum...It's really a pretty good view of Center City to stand there and look out....You see a lot of photographs being taken there when the weather gets nice....

There's now a Rocky statue located near the base of the steps (against the wishes of a lot of trustes of the museum)....If you're at the bottom of the steps it's off to your right...go take a picture I did! Hehe
Let's face it! It's a tourist attraction which is why I ended up here as well. Every single person is doing the Rocky run up all of these steps. It's so funny and overall fun. 

The view of the city once you reach the top is immaculate. We were there during the evening and the crowds of individuals weren't so bad. Everyone had the same objective. Run up, take pictures and enjoy the scenery so you can leave. I'll definitely be back again on a nice warm day. It was very cold out for us. Just like the Rocky Statue, there is no security enforcement here or anyone stopping you from enjoying running up the steps and taking photos.
Run Forrest run! Oh wait, wrong movie but that is exactly what I did.  

Queue the music... Here I go! After my pics with the rocky statue, I headed towards the famous steps leading up to the museum of art.  Just like many of the other tourists here that day, I ran up to the top with a feeling of exhilaration.  I don't know if it's because it brought back memories of my childhood watching the movie or just the fact I was in better shape than I thought.  

Once you are standing at the top of the famous steps, you get a phenomenal view of Philadelphia.  Just beautiful.  

There are many things to see in Philly... let this be on your list.
My 9 year old has come here about once a year since the age of 3 and takes a cute picture next to the Rocky Statue.  A fun yet touristy stop.
You have to... You just have to!!!

From downtown Philly, it's about a mile walk or so walk and about 30 mins by foot. If you are looking directly at the museum and steps, the Rocky statue is to the right. At the very top of the steps, there is the Rocky foot imprints so be sure to take a photo of that also.

Hilarious that this is the most touristy attraction that people have asked me when I said I was going to Philly. "You have to!!!" OK, so I did. I didn't run up the stairs but I did take a fast walk up. Pretty cool!

The scene is beautiful and you can totally see the skyline of the city as your backdrop. Wedding pics would be gorgeous here!
After I took selfies at the Rocky Statue, I started climbing the steps! When I arrived at the top of the steps, I could see beautiful Philly's landscape! I became a Rocky! although I didn't have Adriane! LOL. I made it!
Have the Rocky soundtrack ready on your phone while you run up the stairs (for the full experience). 

There's a rocky statue where people line up to take pictures. It's pretty fun if you're around the area.
One of the most popular landmarks in Philadelphia, this is something for all movie buffs to check out. The famous Rocky Steps lead up to the beautiful Philadelphia Museum of Art. If you were already on your way there, congrats! You have just killed two birds with one stone off of your Philly bucket list... I for one, love multitasking.

Anyway, these steps aren't only appealing to Rocky fans. If you are too cheap to pay for museum admission / art really isn't quite your thing, check out the steps anyway because there is a great view of the city. It's a great place to take photos, watch the sunset, etc. When Kelly and I took our friend Eric here because it was his first time in Philly, we saw a bride and groom taking picturesque wedding photos here during sunset (very pretty). It's a nice place to take photos, chill out, work out and also gives you a chance to see a landmark made famous by a classic movie.
Can't do Philadelphia with visiting the Rocky Steps. Run up these stairs and seeing the Rocky Statue is awesome. Of course there is a line to see the statue but short wait. Fun thing to do while in Philly :). Nice views from the top of the stairs.
It's nice to go to. There's tons of people who exercise in the area. If you're looking for the rocky statue, it is not at the top of the steps, it is located in the bottom street level area. (To the right of you if you're staring directly at the steps). There is usually a crowd eager to take pictures. I always go bright and early so im not struggling to get a good picture without ten other people in the background trying to take their own selfies haha. The museum opens at 10 so anytime before than, there's very little people competing to take pics. There are panhandlers by it who offer to take your picture. You don't have to pay to go see it so that's a plus. I just park in the nearby streets rather than the museum parking.
Raised on the ideals and principles laid out in the Rocky movies, what child or adult wouldn't be excited to get to run up the rocky steps. It may be cheesy, but you definitely need to run up them to get the full experience. I went on a Friday afternoon and it wasn't too busy. If you are driving, however, it's a nightmare to find a place to park. There is parking at the museum for $20. Wasn't worth it just to see the statue and run the steps. We found parking on the side by an apartment. I heard it can be busy on the weekend, so I'd say go on a weekday.
Lugar mágico si es que los hay en la ciudad de Philadelphia. Estas escaleras del museo tomaron una gran resignificación con los años y más precisamente luego de Rocky.

Sí, acá es donde el mítico personaje de Sylvester Stallone terminaba su rutina de entrenamiento subiendo esas inolvidables escaleras y sí, todos queremos hacer lo mismo.

Es fantástico ver como cada día cientos de personas suben corriendo esas escaleras, subiendo videos y con la música de Rocky de fondo. La gloria. Encima esa vista desde allá arriba. Todo muy hermoso.
5 stars because I finished my 1/2 Marathon here. Amazing feeling to walk up/down the steps while having your hands up! 

Very fun stop in Philly if you're able to swing by. Since the 1/2 Marathon stopped here, it was a nice encouragement when at the final .1 of my race. 

And.... great photo op post race :D
I haven't seen the Rocky movies, which features these 72 stone steps, so my review is based purely on these steps.

What can I write about a pair of stairs?

(1) First of all, these stairs look intimidating but are extremely easy to walk up.  A lot of people jog up and down these steps (looks pretty fun). 

(2) Secondly, the VIEW from the middle platform and the top of the stairs will steal your breath away (even if you were too lazy to run).  You'll see the bustling traffic circle before the Philadelphia skyline.  Great photo opportunity!  

(3) And third, the Philadelphia Museum of Art is located on top of these stairs.  (separate review)


Note: The Rocky statue is down to the right of the stairs.  He was moved around a few times because he was considered a "movie prop" and not "art".  I'm not too familiar with the history behind it but from a touristy and photography point of view, I'd prefer him to be on top of the Rocky Steps.
Iconic. Loved visiting these steps and enjoying the little slices of Philly. A great photo op, of course everyone else will also be there to join you. 

I brought my Rocky movie playlist to enjoy while running up and down the steps. Good times.
Disclaimer: I ran the Rocky Steps but sadly I don't remember it.  

I'm a road trip fanatic, I love to travel and will drive hundreds of miles just to see the dumbest road side attractions.  The Rocky Steps have been on my to-do list every since I was 7 years old and saw Rocky for the 1st time.  I've waited 34 years for this moment and yet 4 hours in Paddy's Pub ruined this for me.

So how can I review this place then you may ask?  Well I researched it before hand for 1 and for 2 my friends are jerks and like to video tape people while they are impaired.  First off the Rocky Steps are pretty far from all other things Philly.  All the tourist buses come here as a stop and every Uber/Taxi driver has probably been here 5000 times each.  The steps lead to the Philadelphia Museum of Art so you can be cultural and iconic in one swoop. Secondly, in a town full of American iconic history this right up there with the Liberty Bell, Ben Franklin's House and Freedom Hall!  Don't believe me?  I leave you Rocky IV as Exhibit A....He beat Drago the Russian!  As important as Washington crossing the Delaware!!!  

So why only 4 stars?  Well because I don't remember running them as I mentioned earlier and because the statue is at the bottom of the steps.  I know some of y'all take the pic with The Italian Stallion but don't put in the work of running those steps.  Put the statue up top and make them earn that pic.
The Rocky Steps is a great way to do some people watching. We saw a couple taking turns wearing sweats and Converses and playing the Rocky theme song on their phone as they went up the steps. There was another women who sang the Rocky theme song as she recorded herself running up the stairs.

The stairway is not very long, but it is fun to stand at the top with your arms in the air. 

The location of the Rocky Steps is far from the main attractions, but we still did the 40 minute walk to come here.
Bring your workout gear to run up the stairs a few times and don't forget the Eye of the Tiger music.
I just recently visited Philadelphia with a few friends and this was one of the few stops we had to make! The stairs are fun to climb and there is even a metal print of Rockys shoes on top of the steps. Once you're at the top you can view the entire city of Philadelphia!

Handy Tips: It's hard to find parking around the area so if you are willing to pay a flat $15 you can be parked right outside the steps. Be careful of strangers asking if you want their help to take pictures, they will ask you for money afterwards. We saw multiple people do this.
Never seen the movie... but hey when in Philly... 

If you go to Philadelphia for the first time you just HAVE to do all of the touristy things around the city and check out all of the sights. That includes running up the famous "Rocky Steps" that lead up to the Philadelphia Museum of Art. Or if your like me more of a brisk walk up the stairs. When you get to the top raise your arms, cheer like a mad man/woman, and have your picture taken! Trust me, you won't be the only one doing so. 

The view from the top is absolutely beautiful and makes for great selfies. Yeah, I like taking selfies just as much as the next person. FIVE stars it is for a forced workout, beautiful scenery, and for making me feel like an athlete!
Yes, I rated the Rocky Steps higher than the museum and the Rocky statue. But it's not because it's better than the other two, but to even write a review for a set of stairs, these steps must be pretty damn nice. 

I mean, they're stairs. But what you get is an amazing view of Philadelphia, a clear shot view of City Hall from the front, the river from the other two sides, and the very grand, almost Parthenon-like (and I've been to the Parthenon myself) view of the museum structure.

It's really nice to come out on a nice, balmy Philly fall, sit back on the stairs, enjoy a hoagie, a drink, and just watching the world turn. Very relaxing and if you're into excitement, you can get a pretty decent view of the free concerts/shows they put out in the Ben Franklin area during the summers.

And it's a nice place for a photo op with family, friends, your pet, etc. It can get pretty busy but definitely not as busy as the Parthenon or even the steps on the Great Wall.

Do yourself a favor and when you have the chance, walk up the stairs, turn around, sit down and just take in the view of Philly.

Driving around the museum is hell though. 

Parking: $12+ on-site museum parking or free 2-hr parking along Kelly Dr in front of Boathouse Row
Philly in general is pretty awesome City. The steps was a cool experience would have loved to actually get to work out like a bunch of other people are doing
Great people watching.

The view from the top, on a nice day, is stunning.

The people-watching of tourists running up with their arms raised and fists pumping is a hoot.  Some of them look like they are about to have a heart attack by the time they get to the top.  One football team brought a boom box and played the Rocky Theme while they raced up the steps - that brought the crowd to cheers.
A run up the Rocky steps is a must for tourist and Philadelphians alike. It's fun exercise and the view of the city skyline at the top is spectacular.
I'm an American by birth, and a Philadelphian by the grace of god. I love the Art Museum Steps, and will only refer to them as such. To refer to them as the Rocky Steps makes my blood boil. Do I like Rocky? Sure. Have I seen all the movies? Hell yes. But as a true Philadelphian would I ever call these steps the Rocky Steps? No, sir. 

I love coming here to think at night. And to people watch, of course. Once in a while, I'll exercise on these steps. Sprints, burpees, lunges, etc. It's a fabulous place to get in a workout for free. 

The view from the steps is quite magical. I suggest checking it out. Run (or walk) to the top and have a seat for a few minutes...or as long as your butt can handle it. You won't regret it.
What?! I get to be where one of the most iconic films was filmed, AWESOME! 

Yes I had to run up those stairs and jump around, Don't worry you won't be the only one! Jaja. Everyone is recording each other trying to run without losing your breath or falling in the small steps. 

Then right next to the steps is the rocky balboa statue! This is located in a beautiful museum! I didn't go inside because the entrance was $20! Pretty pricey plus I was not in Philly to look at paintings. 

The parking like in all downtown it is horrible, I almost paid $12 to park right across the steps when we realized there a big street with parking spots right next to it, lucky enough we found one spot, I definitely recommend to drive around a walk a little before paying so much money for 20 mins in the stairs .
One of the most iconic scenes in movie history. The views from the top of steps are beautiful. Their is also events held on the stairs that make them a great place to visit. Looking down Ben Franklin Parkway lined with all the flags and seeing love park and city hall it a sight to behold. The museum is also phenomenal. Not just typical painting and sculptures but entire rooms dedicated to other cultures that make you feel like you are their.
Not gonna lie in this review. We spent almost an entire day exploring Philadelphia, so by the time we got around to checking out the Rocky Steps, we were pretty exhausted. We ended up just slowly driving by, but I got to see the statue and two people doing the "Rocky run" up the top of the stairs. It was pretty epic. I'd love to come back and check out the museum or just chill there for a few hours witnessing all the epic Rocky reenactments. Definitely a landmark to explore and interact with during your next trip to Philadelphia!
Worth the walk-up, run if you're in better shape than me! Great view of the art museum, and a gorgeous view of the city from the top of the steps! 

Today we even got to see a marriage proposal--so sweet! 

Go go, worth the view even for you non-Rocky fans!
As expected, this is an attraction primarily visited by tourists, and the same goes for me. For the most part, I've been here only when I didn't live in the Philly area, and largely with tourists from overseas.

It's a fun space to visit, especially for those familiar with the movie, and was pretty cool when the statue was at the top of the steps. Now the statue is in a different spot, but still around for everyone to see and pose next to!

Always fun for running up with the theme song playing in your head!
tons of tourists and its slightly less fun with the Rocky Statue at the bottom of the steps.  but I suppose the entire museum front cant always be an homage to a movie made 30 years ago.

worth the visit and the picture.  most were gracious about not hogging time near the statue.  a random guy was nice enough to take my picture for mii as I was alone.

highly recommend a 360* or panoramic type picture at the very top of the steps.  the city is BREATHTAKING from the top!!!
Yes I had to cross this out of my bucket list. I wish the statue was on top, but they said the statue is more of a movie prop. But I am sure that there would not be a lot of people going to the art museum without the movie Rocky.  It was cool there is a bunch of people running up the stairs and it was really fun doing it four times even though it was tiring for the most part, but you can do it.  The view is nice itself too as you get to see the other statues and the crazy drivers circling.  You can also see people pulling over from their car just to run the steps.  It was very cool and fun.
Run up the steps! Eat a cheesesteak! Kill a hooker! 
There are some things that you simply have to do when you visit the "Stabbiest City in the World" and this is one of them. 

Don't forget to ask for extra "BJ cheese" on your steak. It's a 215 secret ;)
Hahahaha this was just nostalgia at its finest. I literally watched the clip of video so I knew what to do when I got to the top. Well you start running and say wow holy crap I can't !! 72 steps everyone has their hands in the air screaming. Ahah loved it . We got to the top and screamed ADRIENNE, and you quickly approached by men selling Rocky shirts. Then you get to walk down and take a pic with the Rocky statue. And when u go down the stairs the view is astounding
This is a very cool entrance to the museum. The open space up top has a great view back into the city and the architecture is beautiful. I love the designs on tops of the buildings and everything is preserved very well up here. In case you're wondering, they statue of Rocky is actually on the bottom of the steps just to the north side of them.
You cannot live in Philly or travel to Philly without running to the top and throwing your hands in the air.
Being a fan of the Rocky franchise, I of course had to come here while I was in town. The stairs are not as intimidating as they appear on screen. It's a fun stop if you're in the area.
Whether your a Rocky fan or not you have to admit the iconic stairs are worth the climb.  If for no other reason than the view of Philly from top.  It's not somewhere I would go back to over and over again but for our first real visit we had to visit. 

Ahh, those infamous steps.

Yup, we climbed them.  All 72 of them.  And it wasn't that bad.
It was pretty cool to walk on the Rocky steps and to see the statue of Sylvester Stallone. The location is nice because it's around other museums too but be careful because parking will get you, always try to find street parking. 

The main reason why I took 2 stars off is because there was a homeless couple (the man claims the woman with him was his wife) were hustling us and other people for money. They asked us if wanted to take our pictures and they would not take no for an answer until we finally said okay. Then the guy asked us for money while looking into my husband's wallet, saying that he accepts big bills too. I was so pissed off. Then I overhear him complaining about when someone gave him a dollar for taking a picture he had the nerve to complain about how "all that work" he did and he ONLY got a dollar for that. Then he told his "wife" if she doesn't work these people hard enough he's gonna take all her money. SERIOUSLY?!

SMH
My 2yr old son went up and down the steps all by himself! Very doable for kids. He loved it...
Fun time running up the rocky steps. Once your at the top there are great views for family pictures. If you come to philly don't miss it.
Oh yeah, HAD to check out the Rocky steps while in Philly! My 17 year old nephew was very excited & he ran up them twice!

I do wish the statue was at the top of the steps but at the same time it didn't seem very handicap friendly. 

It was hard getting pics of the statue because people push their way in and are a bit rude about it but you just have to be pushy back!

Fun to visit something from a well loved movie!
I only had a few hours to spend in Philly on a trip here in March, and this is one of the places I had to visit. The Rocky Steps did not disappoint! Running up the steps in the snow and singing "eye of the tiger" was a memorable moment.

I felt very accomplished when I reached the top of the steps without falling flat on my face. I'm from southern California, so snow is foreign for me. The view at the top was great, but limited due to the weather. I hope to come back here on a clear day next time!
Okay, so it's the Rocky steps and I'm there to see it and SEE IT ONLY. Why broadcast myself as a tourist by doing what everyone else here does? But once you get there the stairs just kind of call to you, especially when you see everyone try it. Young, old, men, women. Everyone and it seems like they're having such a good time doing it/laughing/videoing themselves and their friends. You just can't help but to run up the stairs, and it's not as difficult as it seems in the movies, it's not terribly steep and if you really do have trouble there are a couple of landings where you can slow down or stop and take a break.
You got that rocky song in your head?

You got it now?

Ok, run up those stairs and try not to run into any of the other yahoos trying to retrace Balboas training steps. Seriously, everyone is doing it. Its crazy to see random people out of no where sprint up those steps. And yes both she and I posed on those steps.... one of us much more enthusiastically than the other. Hahahaha Dont tell her I enjoy them, not nearly as much as she does, but despite my demeanor, I enjoy them nonetheless. 

Come on, its Rocky! Everyone loves Rocky!
;D
There are several good reasons to Run Up the Rocky Steps.

1.  It is good for your health
2.  There is a museum at the top you can check out
3.  There is a nice view to look out at
4.   Its free!
5.   Stallone did it and made it famous.  If you are fan of this good ole classic boxing movie, you might as well reenact one of the most iconic parts, and Run Up the Rocky Steps. 

I must have went on a non touristy time, because I was the only one doing this at the moment.

I don't care how cheesy and touristy and silly doing this may be to some people.  I didn't care that some people were shaking their head in my direction as I ran up the stairs with a huge grin on my face.  I didn't mind the odd looks I got as I jumped up and down at the top and did a bit of shadow boxing.  I even yelled Adrian!  

If you are visiting,  you really should not miss out on doing this.
The Rocky Steps aren't a just another cheesy tourist attraction. It was pretty neat to see local residents jog around the museum and lunge up and down the steps. I noticed that marathons also begin at this location. I can't help but wonder if the movie was inspired by the local residents that get their hearts pumping outdoors.
If you're a fan of Rocky, this is definitely one of the destinations you must visit. I come here almost every time I'm in Philly to pay homage to Rocky. Growing up, watching Rocky running up these exact steps in his montage, then raising his arms up in triumph, it was very inspiring. I do the exact same thing whenever I'm here and it never feels old. When you reach the top and overlook the city of Philadelphia, you just feel good. It's a amazing site of the city and the museum itself is a beautiful piece of architecture. I prefer visiting the step at night while there's less people and easier to park. The only bummer about most nights, there's usually a rowdy motor cycle gang that runs laps around Ben Franklin Parkway. They disobey the traffic lights and don't give a rats ass who's crossing the streets. When the police arrive, all of them scrambled like a bunch of roaches. Shortly after when the police leaves the Museum area, the return and do the same thing.
Yeah, I did it.  I stood at the top of the steps, threw my hands in the air, and yelled Adrian!!!   I didn't run the stairs, but lets be realistic... I don't run anywhere.  Be sure to tip the guy that wanders the stairs to take your picture.
The rocky steps, iconic to a movie scene. Had to make the trip and do the run; there were tons of people re-enacting Rocky Balboa and running up the stairs. Getting here was pretty easy and finding parking was quick, its best if you park by the Joan of Arc statue; its a small walk to the Rocky statue and the steps but overall worth the walk. The view at the end of the steps is awesome, if you havent thought about visitong this place you must definitely have to check it out, oh and for those Rocky fans,  stop by the street market before you head up the steps, make a real Rocky experience out of it!
Super cool landmark.  I've watched the movie several times and have always wanted to run up those steps but funny enough, I didn't know that this was in Philly until I took a tour of the city. 
 Bring your sneakers and some energy, and embark on a fun 72 step run.  Definitely a must when visiting Philly.  Take some pics at the top, and of course with the statue as well.
If you're as old as I am you know the movie Rocky.  If you're not as old as me you would know Rocky starred as that old main guy from the Expendables.  

Anyway one of the best parts of this classic movie is when Rocky is training and he ends up running up a large set of stairs and puts his hands up while a panoramic view of the Philadelphia skyline shows in the back with this inspirational music.

So this is the place made famous by Rocky who happens to have a statue just around the corner by the way... This is the Philadelphia Museum of Art and faces towards city hall along Ben Franklin Parkway and towards Logan Square.

You will always see people coming here and taking photos with their arms in the air and in case you didn't know why, now you know.  

This place is a wonderful place to get a photo of the skyline of Philadelphia also by the way and at the other end of this road that leads towards city hall is a JFK park where the "Love" sign is that is also good for a photo opportunity looking towards the museum.
Iconic... Must stop for the tourist.  Chuckled at how many people play the Rocky theme on their phone as they run up the stairs.  Plenty of locals getting their workout in.  Can be crowded at times.  Rocky statue has been moved to the side.  Easier for pictures.
Steps as steps. But with beautiful view on Philadelphia.
It was pretty fun running up as Rocky did and watching others doing the same.
Good times... We had a run with conference members and it was a fantastic team building event.  -Not a huge fan of the movie but it was fun to partake and photograph. Two thumbs up!
Ok. Who has not seen Rocky? Better yet, who hasn't sat through a Rocky marathon start to finish?If that is you...we probably aren't friends. However, I understand if the only one you skipped out on was Rocky V (I get it).

This is a pretty fun stop in Philly for anyone that is a fan of Rocky. Race up the steps just like the famous scene from the classic flick.

In addition to that, there is the plaque at the top of the steps to take a picture of as well as the great view of the fountain and the city. Below the steps is the actual Rocky statue to pose with for a great photo.

This is a quick stop to accomplish quite a bit so you don't really have an excuse not to.
It's a must see. First time visiting Philly and I had to check it out. The view was amazing. It was nice watching others race up the stairs, I jogged lol.
He just HAD to get a picture on the steps. And honestly, I wanted to see this famous "ROCKY" location. It didn't disappoint. It wasn't especially crowded (we went on a weekday), but there were people milling about. It was serenly peaceful and is a beautiful backdrop for photos. If you have ever loved "ROCKY", you'll want to stop here.
Fans of the Rocky movie series would definitely get a rush out of this experience. After seeing the statue at the base of the steps, you'll feel obligated to take a sprint/light jog up the steps in order to celebrate making it to the top the way it was done in the movie. You get a great view of the surrounding landscape and can see buildings illuminated off in the distance. There are many  statues and monuments close by so you have a great vantage point. The Philadelphia museum of Art is within walking distance so make sure to check that out too!
MY GIRLS LOVED IT! THIS IS A MUST SEE FOR ALL ROCKY FANS  they've seen Rocky 1-4 we just ordered the rest and we can't wait to watch them! Keep Punching #SouthPaw
These steps are iconic, and visiting them is free! Come before it gets too dark to get your pictures! Next time I'll try to come early enough to actually go inside the museum!
It's the first day of spring and this place is completely crowded! But how can I read it any less than five stars, because it's a public venue. A lot of people having fun here: music artists out on the steps drawing crowds, an ice cream truck nearby-- I feel like it's already summer.
