The Thinker
The Kiss
The Burghers of Calais
The Gates of Hell
The Age of Bronze

Each is an iconic piece from the world-renowned father of modern sculpture ... Auguste Rodin ... and each can be found at Philadelphia's Rodin Museum.

Ten quick facts about the artist:

 * His full name is François Auguste René Rodin.
 * He was born November 12, 1840 in Paris, France.
 * Rodin was extremely near-sighted.
 * At 10, he began drawing and was basically self-taught until attending Petite Ecole.
 * The prestigious art school École des Beaux-Arts rejected him 3 times as a student.
 * Rodin always modeled in clay for others to carve in marble or cast in bronze.
 * He was 40 before receiving his first major commission ... the Gates of Hell filled with debauchery and despair representing a scene from Dante's Inferno.
 * The Thinker was originally designed as part of the Gates of Hell & entrance to a French Museum that was never built.
 * Rodin didn't marry Rose Beuret until 1 year before his death despite living together for 52 years.
 * His affair with 19-year old sculptor Camille Claudel was scandalous and inspirational at the same time ... inspiring the famous The Kiss sculpture.

Visitor tips:
 * Open 10:00 am - 5:00 pm
 * Closed Tuesdays
 * Also closed Independence Day, Thanksgiving, & Christmas
 * Adults: $10; Seniors: $8; Students: $7; Children: Free
 * No food or drinks allowed
 * Photography is allowed ... and encouraged

As part of the Philadelphia Museum of Art, entrance to the Rodin Museum is included with entrance to the main museum. The museum is the right size to experience "Rodin" in an hour or two at a very relaxed pace.
Well, I've thought it over...

Excellent! 

Must-see in Philly, even if you just stand in awe of "The Thinker" for a moment. But venture up the stairs and beyond the gates. Do it. 

"Pay as you wish" admission - ($10 suggested) stop at visitor center straight ahead as you enter. Participates in reciprocal membership (if you have that level) with Philly Art Museum, NY Met etc (that network) and no fee entry in that case. It's a one-level gallery; allow 30 minutes to an hour at least. 

Photos allowed. 

Gorgeous.
I hate to give anything less than four stars to a museum.  But, while technically brilliant and indisputably talented, Rodin is just not one of those artists who moves me.

That said, this museum is certainly worth a peek once in your lifetime.  It's the largest collection of Rodins outside of Paris.  It's currently undergoing a massive rejuvenation called "Completing the Vision."  What vision?  The original 1929 vision that architects Paul Cret and Jacques Gréber had for the museum and grounds when commissioned to design it.  It only took 70+ years to get around to it.

Currently, the grounds are completely torn up during the overhaul...and while the Barnes Collection's new space is being built on an adjacent property.  I imagine when the rejuvenation is complete, the grounds will be peaceful and stunning.  As it is now, "The Thinker" resides over a fairly ugly space surrounded by hurricane fencing outside the museum.  

The gallery space itself is quite small.  Moms and I finished touring it in a little over half an hour.  There's not a whole lot of information to absorb, either about Rodin as an artist or the works displayed.  My favorite piece by far was "The Call to Arms," which seemed to me more emotionally evocative than most other pieces.  I also liked "The Hand of God," and Moms was impressed by "The Burghers of Calais" -- another casting of it is on display at our very own Hirshhorn Sculpture Garden in DC.

While the museum is technically free, a $5 donation is suggested.  We were happy to pay it to support the arts.
This museum is famous of the "gates of hell". It is definitely a beautiful architecture. Love the fountain and the garden. The admission fee is paid what you wish and the garden is free all year round. 

This museum is very close to Barnes Foundation (walking distance). If you don't mind walking a little bit future, you can also visit the Museum of Art.
I went to  Philadelphia a couple of days ago, and my friends and I visited the Rodin Museum. 
It is currently in renovation, so we did not get to see the Thinker up close, so I was a little bummed out. 
However, I did get a snapshot of the Kiss, which is one of my favorite Rodin sculptures. It is quite a small museum in Logan Square, but it is worth a peek.
Such a World Class collection of Rodin sculptures is not to be missed for tourists and Philadelphians alike. The Thinker will greet you at the entrance, well, he doesn't exactly have time to remove himself from contemplation; then you'll enter into a grand Parisian-style garden. At the entrance to the Museum is the detailed "the Gates of Hell", depicting Dante's Inferno. Many of the miniatures in this sculpture are also full-size Rodins, including "the Thinker". 

Pictures are allowed, just turn off your Flash! Rodin captured the agony, tension and beauty of the human condition in his work. Of note in the Museum is the Gallery of Profiles, including Gustav Mahler and other famous people of the time. Rodin also did several studies of Balzac, capturing the huge personality of this author in stone and bronze. 

You can get a mini lesson on bronze sculpture process and the signage for each sculpture is well-detailed. The Security Guards and Staff are great, and I found my visit to be pleasant and without hassle. This will definitely be high on my list on my next visit to Philadelphia, one of my favorite cities!
The guards here need a serious attitude adjustment.

I don't even bother with this museum anymore because they have given me crap about putting $10 bill in the box to pay for three people instead of each of us paying on our own. They also insist on following me around like a thief. Like I'm going to pick up a heavy sculpture just stick it in my pocket. They treated my umbrella like it was a weapon ("Now just put it down... slooowly"). 

Also, there is a severe lack of Camille Claudel pieces (their work is often displayed together). Most of them are housed in The Musée Rodin in Paris and I find her work far more interesting, personally.
I've never been to the Rodin Museum in Paris, but now I really want to go ever since visiting the Rodin Museum in Philly. Rodin's sculptures are so intricate and powerful that no matter the size, each one really leaves an impression.

Some may say that this museum is small. It is actually the perfect size for the collection. Each piece has room to breath, the building itself has tall ceilings and plenty of light, and the grounds/garden outside is laid out and manicured enough so that children can play hide and seek or run wild. There are also fountains that give you the feel that you are not in Philly, and possibly in Paris. It's an incredibly peaceful place and a wonderful museum to visit, especially when you feel you have done everything else touristy in Philly. In fact, I think this museum in underrated.

I went in not knowing much about Rodin besides the famous Thinker statue. I left with a greater appreciation and a burning memory of The Gates of Hell. It's so massive and insane. Stand in front of it and study it for while. I guarantee you will be at this museum more than 30 minutes.
While I did like the museum in France a bit more, I do appreciate that fact that I can see the sculptor's work here too. for the life of me I can't tell which museum houses more originals, but last I checked it was a pretty close call. 
This museum is very beautiful to walk through. it has enchanting indoor and outdoor displays that are very fun to walk through. Also if you happen to be a member of the Art Museum you can get into here for free.
This is probably one of the biggest-smallest museums I've ever been to. Physically, it is vertically very big, but horizontally, it is very small. The collection inside is venerable and there are truly some nice pieces inside. Inside the museum, there is actually one bust that is not a Rodin and that would the one of Jules Mastbaum, a Philadelphia movie theater magnate, who went to Paris and fell in love with Rodin's work and subsequently brought back a fair collection to Philadelphia.

If you have to opportunity to go to Paris and go to the real Rodin Museum, you will surely be impressed by the collection and the studio that exists there. As well, there is a much larger garden. I will note that the verisimilitude between the two exterior gardens is very close. When you step through the front gate, for a moment you may think that you're in Paris.

Suggested donation at the door is $3. They have tours (check the website for details) and there is a nice little gift shop. I would like to note that when I tried to exit the museum on the left side of the building, I discovered the exit was only for emergencies. The security guard kindly said that I would have to go over to the other side. Then she said, "If one of these statues starts walking, you can be sure that I'll open ever door in this place so I can get out of here." Then she started laughing. I laughed too because her delivery was really good.

Overall, it takes about 30 minutes to get through this place if you take your time. So, use this site as a stepping stone in a daily trip before going to one (or two) of the other places on the Benjamin Franklin Parkway.
It's possible that not everyone may appreciate this but it's nice to know that four graduate students can walk through a museum and appreciate the showcase of Auguste Rodin's talent and then proceed to titter like school children because of the sculpture titled, "Naked Balzac" (haha, Balzac). If you can't see the humor in that, I'm pretty sure we can't be friends.

I'm ashamed to say that it took me nearly a year and three months to take advantage of this free museum. Well it's not "free" per se; I dropped a few dollars in there but it wasn't the "Suggested $5.00 Donation." The security guard made sure to point it out to everyone who stepped through the doors in a manner that made it seem like the donation wasn't an option. A family of four actually turned around and walked out when the security guard made the less than subtle statement about donating before entering. 

The garden area is something that more than one friend has mentioned to me. However, it was nowhere to be seen because it was completely gutted and there are signs of construction all over the place. I could have sworn that someone had told me that they had finished the construction though... 

The collection is impressive, especially when considering that it was thanks to the contribution of one philanthropic individual (Jules Mastbaum). The Gates of Hell (the original "Thinker" being a part of it at the top), St. John the Baptist Preaching, and the Burghers of Calais were easily the most awe-inspiring to me. The various Greek mythology related statues were also aesthetically pleasing to someone who for the most part cannot appreciate (let alone understand) what passes for art these days. Sidenote: the Hand of God looks oddly similar to the Devil's hand. The placards provide limited information on the different sculptures, which was appreciated by yours truly. Props to you Mr. Mastbaum. Your collection was thoroughly enjoyed and your contributions are greatly appreciated.
The Rodin is the sort of museum that makes me want to whip out my camera the moment I walk up.  The scene on the front of the building is an intricate sculptural group, called the "Gates of Hell," which is a scene from Dante's Inferno.  It's serene and spacious, with a nice flow. There's an impressive collection of bronze casts that I found gave me a genuine appreciation and now immediate recognition of Auguste Rodin's work.
Great museum, free of charge in the city's museum district. The famous Thinker sculpture is by the front entrance, as well as the Gates of Hell adapted from Dante's Inferno. Exhibit is just a few rooms, but contains everything you'd want to know about Rodin and even some of his contemporaries.
No "admission fee" but you are required to donate something to come in. Drop a quarter, drop a million bucks. Either will get you through the door. Supposedly they have the largest Rodin sculpture collection outside of Paris, but after coming through here I still think Stanford's Rodin sculptures win out. They did have a very nice collection and it was a great way to spend a couple of hours in Philly. Probably even nicer to hang outside in the spring when it's warmer. Not very many people and there were just a lot of nice pieces with interactive ipads and books available for you to peruse.
As I was riding the #7 bus to Eastern State Penitentiary, I noticed what appeared to be The Thinker outside of a small museum. Turns out I was riding past the Rodin Museum. I made a point to go back after my visit at ESP. I was NOT disappointed. Seeing the Gates of Hell itself was totally worth the trek in the cold.

I didn't see a place for me to pay for admission until I was ready to leave. Granted, I had like 15 minutes to spare since they were closing at 5PM on a Sunday and I arrived at 4:45PM. I ran inside to look at the sculptures and came back outside to see the other sculptures scattered around outside the small museum.

I would recommend this place to anyone who enjoys looking at interesting sculptures and has about 30 minutes of free time.
Although this is one of the smallest museums I've ever been to, it's still amazing and definitely worth going to, especially considering it's right by the Philadelphia Museum of Art. Admission is suggested at $8 but you can pay what you wish. Obviously the museum only houses work by the sculptor François-Auguste-René Rodin (Auguste Rodin). The museum consists of a main hall, a couple side rooms, and the grounds. Everything is incredibly clean, minimalistic, and classy. The three stand-outs for me is the Thinker (which is outside the museum and can be seen anytime) the beautiful grounds including the fountain and reflecting pool, and the Gates of Hell, Rodin's most magnificent piece of work (can also be seen from the outside but only when the museum is open because you have to go through the grounds to see it on the building's exterior). 

The only real downside is that because Rodin was a sculptor, almost all the works are cast from original molds. It's not like a painting which are one of a kinds that were actually touched by the artist. There are about 30 or so Thinkers worldwide for example. There are only three Gates of Hells however making that magnificent piece even that more special.
I'm not particularly into art, but the Rodin Museum was a nice stop during my trip to Philadelphia.  I definitely recommend it for art lovers.

The gardens, which are beautiful, are free, and admission to the museum is "Pay What You Wish", with the suggested donation of a reasonable $10 (less for seniors, children, and students).

The museum is wheelchair accessible, has gender neutral single stall washrooms*, free wifi, and a water fountain.  

*I really hate it when single stall washrooms have gendered signs.  So unnecessary and stupid!

[Yelp collections: East Coast 2016; Museums and Art Galleries; Cheap Thrills]
Rodin.  what can one say?  there is only this & the one in Paris.  A plus.

this is one of the finest and most famous museums in all the world.  The collections of sculpture here are not to be found anywhere.  

people come to this museum from everywhere in the world.  

some of the most famous sculptures in the world are in this museum.
The Rodin Museum is "Pay-as-you-wish" admission and located on the Benjamin Franklin Parkway, just past the Barnes Foundation on the same side, and a couple blocks before the Philadelphia Museum of Art. 

Very small but interesting museum. I'm personally not really into sculptures, but after visiting the Rodin Museum I can at least appreciate the art that Rodin created. Each sculpture had a little plaque next to it or below, giving some details about the specific piece. Very interesting. I never knew sculpture could be considered so "erotic," but apparently Rodin was known for creating works that were mistaken as such (he actually didn't mean for them to be that way).

Overall not my thing, but very cool. Plan to spend about 30 minutes to an hour, the museum is only one building with a large room and serval small rooms that are attached. Honestly the most impressive work "The Thinker" is outside and free to look at, along with the garden space, which in sure is very pretty in the spring.
For the price of admission (FREE or suggested donation....) you get an entire museum dedicated to one of the worlds' most renown sculptors, Rodin. 

This treasure is set back from the Benny Frank Parkway, and you are greeted by a replica of The Thinker and a cute French garden. After passing by a full casting of Rodin's unfinished Gates of Hell (a true masterpiece), the small museum makes its contents clear. Numerous sculptures are housed in several rooms in this teeny museum. 

If you're lucky, you can catch one of the Philadelphia Museum of Art-trained docents giving guided tours to various groups. Otherwise, there's an audio tour (which costs some cash) or you can self-guide your way through larger-than-life hands, people and mythical creatures. Each sculpture will wow you. 

If you're entertaining guests in the city, I strongly recommend heading over here. The Art Museum itself is overwhelming, and the Rodin Museum is the perfect getaway to see some great works for next to nothing in the heart of Philadelphia.
After having seen Rodin around Paris and London (I might have lightly touched the marble on "The Kiss" and felt guilty about it for years afterward), it was a delight to be up close and person with his works here in Philadelphia. It's a pretty small space, but I managed not to bump into any people or objets d'art. The staff was great; the man at the door enthusiastically encouraged me to take pictures, flash on and everything. The tour guide etc. was a charming European lady who spoke with passion and an adorable accent about many of the works.

 My favorite work in this collection was 'Youth Triumphant'. Definitely brush up on your knowledge of Victor Hugo before you go, as he appears multiple times. In fact, just read the whole wikipedia article on Rodin before coming here. If I had, perhaps I could have corrected my companion who thought that Rodin didn't like the Burghers of Calais.
I loved this museum.  It's a beautiful little space with an impressive number of Rodin's snuggled in (as mentioned, the largest collection of Rodin outside of France).  It's airy and light, there is plenty of space to sit and ponder the sculptures all around, and a nice little garden out front with the Thinker chillin' out front.  Awesome.
Rodin is easily my favorite sculptor....

Being able to have such a large collection of his works in one place is most certainly an honor for Philadelphia. (IMO)  This is the second largest collection in the WORLD outside of France.  Some of his most famous pieces can be found here, and even the lesser known ones still leave you speechless.

The building the work is housed in is beautiful and was built for this purpose.  The grounds around it are gorgeous as well.  If I ever get married, it is going to be in the area in front of the Rodin Museum...

The security guards were actually very polite.  I asked them the rules up front.  Photography is a go, just no flash, and keep your backpack in the front of you.  Standard practices.

The only reason my most recent visit isn't a 5-Star experience was the gentleman working in the gift shop seemed to hate his job, thus making me uncomfortable to be in the same room with him.  When I brought my book over to him to check out, I don't think he spoke to me once during the entire transaction, nor made eye contact.

Despite that, though, this place is a gem and absolutely worth coming to.
For all students of sculpture, the Rodin Museum is a true must- see.  Rodin's work is simply amazing and impressive beyond words.  This museum is quite small, but I think it really packs a punch.  When I went they were setting up for some kind of reception in the large center room so things were a bit crowded, but the larger sculptures were still just as striking as I feel they would have been even if the tables and chairs weren't there.  It's almost better to get a little "jolt " of only Rodin, since his work is so full of emotion, it is great to have it all in one place with no interference from other artists.  I would have really liked to see some more information cards, but at the same time, a lot of this work speaks to the viewer on its own.  The suggested donation is now 5 dollars.  You will be pressured by the doorman to pay.  Awkward.  When we were there a bride and groom were being photographed in front of "the gates of hell".... A terrible choice in wedding photo locations hahahaha
Big things come in small packages, and Rodin Museum is perhaps the best example. This small, one-floor museum may be one of the finest museums that you will ever visit in your life! 

As you enter from the Benjamin Franklin Parkway, you will be immediately greeted by the life-sized bronze Thinker in front of a white gateway. Once you pass the gateway, you will be the Rodin Museum itself behind a garden with a reflection pool. 

You will probably already notice that in the center of the white museum building is the black Gate of Hell, the conglomerate of all Rodin's signature works that is inspired by Dante's Inferno. Both side of the buildings has two life-sized groups of Rodin's signature works. 

Inside the building requires paid admission, but it's pay-as-you-wish everyday. The interior exhibit contains many sculptures including the Kiss and the Eternal Springtime. You can probably finish viewing everything in the building within an hour, but if you are interested in knowing the sculptures more, join one of the free guided tours or ask for an audio phone guide. 

I am an idiot when it comes to art and even I enjoyed every aspect of Rodin Museum, so I believe that if you have even the smallest appreciation in art, this is certainly a museum that you cannot miss!

*Suggested admission: $10 for adults, $7 for students
The nearby Philadelphia Museum of Art administers this small gem. You may want to combine a visit here with a visit to PMA (one ticket, but PMA is closed Mondays and Rodin is closed Tuesdays) or with The Barnes. It is all Rodin.  There are masterpieces outside (walk around) and inside.  Inquire about an audio tour or a guided tour. Although you can "do" this museum quickly, what's your hurry?  Take time to really look and feel.  As Paul Klee said, "one eye sees, the other feels."
Great asset for Philly.  Rodin has some great work in this small museum, most notably the Thinker and the gates of hell.  There is alot of darkness and agony to his work, making this a very interesting place.  I wish there was more of a biographically portion to this museum.
A nice little museum just a stone's throw away from the Phillly Museum of Art. It had been on my to do list for quite some time, a friend visited from Canada and off we went. Really nice collection, and nearly deserted it was a quiet retreat.
Absolutely amazing little gem!  Even though they were doing some construction on the main gate, the mini garden & entrance where Gates of Hell (though, wow, the poor condition...) was still awesome to behold after a two hour Chinatown bus ride in from NYC.  This museum is small, but it hold many of his most famous works (Burghers, Eternal Springtime, Balzac, Hand of God, Martyr...)  Though, for you romantics, there was no Kiss.  Thinker was also hidden...maybe as part of the construction?  

I love audio tours and theirs, at $5 is worth the cost.  Plus you get to hear funny stories about how Rodin's busts were received.  

Getting there is a breeze.  From downtown, take the #48 bus.  

Also located near a whole foods so yay - cheap lunch in the park in front of the museum.
While small and easily conquerable in under an hour, this little gem of a museum is well worth a visit. 

What feels like it belongs in Paris is found comfortably nestled between the Philadelphia Museum of Art and the Barnes. The fee is suggested donation (or part of what you've already paid at the Phila Museum). There's a free garden that features 7 of some of the most iconic Rodin statues (including Le Penseur/The Thinker). Then there's The Gates of Hell which I could have stood in front of for the duration of my visit to the museum and still not noticed everything. It may be the most spectacular piece on display.

Download the free Rodin Museum app for a great self guided tour of all the collection. It takes you beyond what is already posted on the plaques by each piece. 

Don't miss it when in Philly.
I love the Rodin. My absolute favorite piece of his is Cathedral--a set of two hands, praying. 

But you can't go wrong with the Burghers of Calais, or the Gates of Hell. 

The current renovation of the outdoors is ugly, but it is open, and I'm sure it will be beautiful when it's done.
Really small. I like. Quaint- ish. Lovely sculptures and free on Sundays. It nice to pop in on an afternoon jaunt through Philly. Go late and its eerily quite.
Beautiful, serene museum.  I decided to come here based on the tips from my fellow LA Yelpers (interesting that I posted the same thread on  Philly Yelp and no one responded-no brotherly or in this case sisterly love after all).   The bus dropped us off and stepping into museum offered a welcome relief to the heat and humidity.  The museum had a wonderful selection of  various Rodin sculptures.  The architecture of the museum is amazing as well.
When I was here last (which was easily five years ago), this was one of the coziest little museums I've ever visited. Rodin has so much more to offer than just "The Thinker," and this little nook really knows how to highlight those pieces. Definitely a place I need to revisit in the near future.
The sculptured threshold leading into the museum is the coolest thing.  The gates of hell indeed.  Inside is okay.  Too many sculptures of his hand.  Seriously.  How many do we need?  And the museum isn't that big. . .
I have been a fan of Auguste Rodin's work since art school. This museum was a great experience. Much less overwhelming than the Philadelphia Museum. The sculptures were all original and the famous Thinker and Hell's Gate was outside the museum (which can be viewed from outside without admission). 

Some tips are the admission is a "suggested donation" so pay as much as you want essentially. There are reasonably priced reproductions for sale in the lobby which can even be shipped to your house if you are visiting.

In all this was a great museum which even had some Picasso and other artists work inside. This is a great museum for affordability and for a leisurely trip to Philly. I highly recommend it!
When I found out there was a Rodin museum in Philly, I knew we must check it out. The space for the Rodin museum is pretty chill. I wish we didn't go on a Saturday when there was an overabundance of people EVERYWHERE, but aside from its popularity, the museum itself is a must go-to for sculptor fans alike.

Immediately as you walk up through the main gates towards the museum, you enter into a beautifully landscaped space with a zen garden and gorgeous waterway. The building itself was under some construction when we went, with the entryway being renovated with the original Gates of Hell. Inside, there was a decent variety of sculptures from Rodin accompanied by descriptions of the various pieces.

Admission to the Rodin was included with tickets to the Philadelphia Museum of Art and added to the enjoyment of the art scene in Philly. If you are not that into sculptures as some have mentioned, but you want to check out the Philadelphia Museum of Art, it may be worth your time for a quick detour.
Great place for art lovers. It's just the right size, not too large that it's overwhelming but large enough to keep you engaged and stimulated. I learned a lot about Rodin and similar artists as each sculpture was accompanied by an informative placard. I also live that this place is pay-what-you-wish, with a suggested donation. Also the courtyard outside is a lovely spot to sit for a while and enjoy the scenery.
The Rodin Museum isn't big, so if you're not an artist, an art scholar, or a wild Rodin enthusiast, I'm not sure how far out of your way you should go just for it. But, it's a beautiful building with a delightful collection.  The lighting is great, the sculptures are well placed to each stand out and to allow a nice flow in the rooms, and they have well placed seats to sit and study the sculptures, along with sketch books around for those inclined to sketching.

Admission is pay what you wish, included with a ticket to the Museum of Art, or free with Museum of Art membership, and the Rodin Museum is conveniently located near the Museum of Art, on the parkway between it and the Barnes.

You can see other casts of some of the sculptures here at a few other museums, but this is the largest collection of Rodin's works outside of Paris and also offers a particularly nice setting to see them which I think adds something that you don't get at the Met, the Hirschhorn, etc. 

About an hour will give you enough time to take in every piece (though longer if you want to sit and sketch, etc., and shorter if you just want to see the handful of most famous sculptures).

Make sure to check out the sculptures outside the museum, too!  The Burghers of Calais is incredible.
What a treasure! This fantastic architectural structure is nestled on the parkway behind some trees and a garden.

To be honest, I didn't know too much about Rodin before my visit, or at least thought I didn't. There are so many well known pieces in this museum, not too mention detailed descriptions of his life and back story on each piece. It's hard to leave without a sense of admiration and gained knowledge. 

I love that the garden is open to the public without museum admission and you can enjoy the beauty of the property and many of the pieces which are housed outdoors.

The Rodin Museum should be added to every tourist and local's list of places to see in Philly.
You probably have heard of "The Thinker", but did you know that there were three sizes cast: small, medium, and large?  I didn't until I went to the Rodin Museum, but now I do!

This small museum is the largest collection of Rodin outside of France.  It is a suggested donation museum ($10) and has a small gift shop.  They recommend parking at the PMA (Philadelphia Museum of Art) garage and they validate.  

Its a nice place to have some quiet reflection in Philly!
What an unexpectedly lovely way to spend an afternoon...

While I didn't know much about Rodin before coming here, other than the ubiquitous Thinker, I walked away a total fan.  Some beautiful and intriguing work.

My fave hands down was "The Burghers of Calais".  So much to look at and process.  The haunting facial expressions and large hands.  I spent some time taking it in.    

And, the best thing is that this place is not obnoxiously large.  You get just enough museum to feel cultured, but not too much where you pass into  the land of boredom and aching feet.
The man working there was awful he hassled and hassled us to give a donation. He raised his voice yelling at us, needless to say that didn't work well on me so I looked around and left. I'm far more inclined to give a donation when the workers and volunteers are friendly and curious not overly rude.
This is one the better free Museums.  I got some really cool vacation pictures here.  My top two is the thinking man and the gates of hell.  If you think about it, it's amazing what this artist did way back in the day.
I can't say I'm a super huge fan of Rodin, but I enjoy him alright. I found this little place definitely worth stopping at. It's located very conveniently near the bus stop, especially if you are taking one of these hop-on-hop-off tour buses. I think it's a $5 admission and it has a variety of Rodin's stuff from tiny figurines to huge ensembles. I noticed he has a lot of Balzac - he must have really really liked him)
This is a little mentioned treasure in Philadelphia. 

It is free and you can see great works of art. Why does it not get more attention from people? 
Everyone has heard about the "Thinker" but it is never mentioned the statue is in Philadelphia. 

You have to go see this museum at least once in the time you are in Philadelphia.
This is a great space - I was in town for a couple of days, and didn't want to "overdose" as is so easy to do in a larger museum (I'm looking at you, Met!).  The Rodin is a great size, and with a lower admission price to match.  You can amble through very comfortably in an hour and feel fed, not stuffed.

It's been renovated, and apparently has a smaller collection now which will start to rotate, leaving more open floor space compared to before.

Can I not give this six stars?
When I told my friend I was going to the Rodin museum she said, "I'll save you a trip, it's a lot of heads and hand sculptures." Needless to say she wasn't much of a fan. But I on the other hand loved it. I'm a big fan of sculpture and this was a perfect place for a quick look at some good stuff. The little courtyard around it was very pretty, lots of people were just sitting on the benches or dangling their legs over the empty water fountain, enjoying the beautiful day. My favorite part was probably the Gates of Hell... Is it wrong that I want to get married in front of them one day?
Tiny museum but definitely worth a look. Some great sculptures here. 

It's recommended admission but a good way to do it is to visit the Philadelphia Museum of Art and come here for free with the ticket.
A National (International) art treasure right in my own front yard.
Love it!
So much art on the parkway!  Save the airfare to France and see some beautiful sculpture here.
Best time to visit is going to be on the first Sunday of the month. You can package your visit up with the Art Museum and pay what you want. Fairly small, but interesting to see the process from clay to cast to full marble or bronze is fascinating.

Rodin was remarkable with his ability to capture facial expressions and musculature. It's a small museum, so I was glad to have paid one price and gotten to go over to the much larger museum later that day.
The 90-year-old Rodin Museum, located on the Benjamin Franklin Parkway, houses the largest collection of sculptor Auguste Rodin's works, outside of Paris and, while not large by any means, is an excellent side trip when you are in the area. From the street you are greeted by The Thinker. The several roomed museum houses Rodin's works including bronze castings, plaster studies, drawings, prints, letters, and books. Any fan of Rodin simply must visit this museum.
Perhaps one of my favorite museums in Philly. The Rodin Museum is known as the 2nd largest collection of Rodin's works, the largest is of course located in Paris.
Pay what you wish admission. Very small space with few statues. I love that they have sketchbooks and pencils available for open sketch. The garden is free for all and they dvdn host bier garden nights in warn weather there
Great collection of Rodin sculptures. It was great to be so close to the pieces. The gates of hell was amazing.
I did a project around the Gates of Hell once, so I had to stop by.

A very small garden filled with many of his lesser-known works (although the Gates & the Thinker were both available at the time), I stopped by here pre-renovation. It was always a quiet place to spend an afternoon in reflection of his work or just to draw for some.

There's little in the way of a tour or plaques to explain each piece, but you can certainly find a buff or two there that will find a way to explain it to you.
When I was a highschool student with an interest in art, particularly figure sculpture, I would spend hours in the Rodin museum looking at the smooth contours of the human bodies that he had found in stone.  It was all very romantic.  There are theories that the man had cast from real human bodies and from looking at the sculpture, the theory is not entirely implausible.  I also got into the "Gates of Hell" which are hanging over the entrance to the museum.  This is the largest collection of Rodin's work outside of Paris and definitely worth the visit to anyone who is a fan of either realism or the human body.
I really miss the Rodin Museum.  Before I toured the world as an artists' model I fell in love with art partly through my exposure to the Rodin museum.  

Rodin's passion for every gesture and his intimate knowledge of the depth of human fear and agony pervades his work and may not quickly leave you after investigating the hopeless gravity clenching each figure in "the gates of hell."  

You may find yourself haunted by the image of the Burghers' aimlessness (just for an imaginative experience I personally recommend reading Charles Baudilier's "The Seven Old Men" for an unrelated enhancement of the experience).

As you return again and again you find -even in the sometimes rather stale commissioned portraits- that you are looking at more than a bunch of bronze and terracotta artifacts in storage, but that you are invited to experience the creative vision of an artistic genius.  

In a sculpture of two hands composing a "cathedral" you are welcomed to learn from Rodin's subtle insights into companionship.  

In "man with a broken nose" you wouldn't be crazy to imagine this old timer waving you over for a story about his last trip out at sea.

In Rodin we are given the chance to gain a deeper understanding of ourselves and certain dimensions of our common humanity.
Excellent Museum. 

1) Came here with my ticket from Philadelphia Museum of Art, and used it to enter the Museum. 
2) The Museum is small, but very well kept. 
3) I enjoyed the sculptures inside.
A jewel box. Perfect spot for just a little bit of art.
Included in admission price to Philadelphia Museum of Art
This place makes my heart sing.  If you are having a hard day and need a good place to clear your mind, go sit on the benches in the courtyard of the Rodin museum.  You will feel like you have been transported to another country.  The architecture is so beautiful, the landscaping simple.  

I adore the small size and focus of this museum.  It seems that more than 50% of the collections are studies for the Gates of Hell.  Some might find it boring, but I find it fascinating.  I love seeing the animated musculature of Rodin's figures.  

This museum is not an overwhelming place.  It is a quite place of interest.  I suggest going on a weekday when it is not crowded.  On weekends it can get cramped and you feel like there should be something really happening going on there with so many bodies in the space.  This is not a happening museum.  It is a great little treasure filled with some beautiful sculpture.
I wish the parking situation was a little more manageable that day but overall experience was outstanding! Go Rodin!
Who knew Philly has so much to offer to us! I never knew about Rodin this much until I visited this place. Me and my parents had artsy date and we had amazing time at Philadelphia museum of Art then we got free pass for this place. 

It was much smaller than expected but had a lot to enjoy. Loved that this museum wasn't too crowded, you can enjoy as long as you want. I saw Rodin's pieces at Met and Louvre but never get to enjoy with in peace like this. 

We walk around every rooms and enjoyed it. There was pretty corner of the room and you can leave your own sketch. My mom and I sat there and draw together. What a beautiful experience we had. 

Outdoor park was small but beautiful. Please check out this venue. You won't find like this anywhere.
Small gem in Philly
The museum is a small but worth a see. The ticket is a 8$ and they offer free audio guide. They have a great selection of Rodin's works. I wouldn't plan on spending more than 90 minutes here.
Beautiful building. SUPER-friendly staff! Great collection.

Small enough you can fly through in 30 minutes, but an experience enough you can really take two hours with, between the grounds and inside--with your optional and very informative iPod mini you can get at no extra charge, with voice recordings of several art historians explaining the works in greater detail.
Right next to the Philadelphia Museum of Art, Rodin Museum is a great addition to go to.  The suggested donation is $3, though the guard at the front INSISTED on the donation (I was planning to donate.  It just seemed wrong to imply "suggested" and then forced to pay.  Guess they didn't want to pay the salary for a ticket clerk.)  The amazing sculpture work of Rodin is not unfamiliar to most, as such is "The Thinker" and the more prominent "Gates of Hell" but the collection of his lesser known works show his immense skill and attention to detail.  Though his views on certain subjects may be offensive to some, the portrayal and fluidity of his works really moves you.  A place most will probably skip because of its remote location and overshadowed by its larger, more famous brother museum, the Rodin Museum is nice to stop by.
This was always a great museum but it is truly spectacular after the recent renovations. I came here with friends visiting from out of town and we had a wonderful time admiring this beautiful collection and were very impressed by the docent who led an in-depth informative tour of the works. This is a must-see for any Philadelphia visitor with an interest in art.

It is a small museum so it is perfect for if you want to visit a place that is manageable and doable in an hour or two. Perfect even if you have a packed itinerary, although also very much worth being sure to make time for!
A lovely little museum! Dedicated exclusively to the sculpture portraits by Rodin, this museum has most of its collection inside, with a few pieces outside in the gorgeous gardens. You'll find his famous pieces (like The Thinker) and other less-known pieces with informative written summaries for all.

Admission is only suggested, not required, and they kindly let you "pay what you like" everyday. I love that.

They have a small gift shop and restroom despite the petite building.
Unbelieveable. If you love art and are even remotely interested in the beauty of human form, you owe it to yourself to come to this incredible museum.

I will warn you - it's a bit smaller inside than you might expect, but what it lacks in physical size, it has in sheer beauty. We loved the Rodin Museum in Paris, right by Les Invalides, and were a bit skeptical when we read about this museum online - it did not disappoint. They have all of the classics here. I especially enjoyed seeing his "Gates of Hell" piece so beautifully mounted on the front of the museum. 

Each of the rooms within the space is well organized, and allows for patrons to view the pieces from all angles. The architecture of the building complements the pieces well, and honestly, I could have spent all day enjoying them. Go grab a bite to eat at the nearby high-end supermarket and sit in the gardens, appreciating his genius...

This place makes me wish I lived in Philadelphia, just so I could visit more often.

Will definitely be back!
Nice, digestible museum. Really gives you appreciation for Rodin, instead of just seeing a piece or two in a museum. I definitely recommend going on a tour to understand it all. I knew only a little about Rodin before this but now I definitely recognize. Plus 1 star bc the ticket is good for the Penn Museum too.
The Rodin Museum was our second cultural stop of the day and was included in our day pass ticket to the Philadelphia Museum of Art. 
Definitely on the smaller side compared to the Philly Museum of Art, but a very interesting display. While I was only aware of the Thinker by Rodin, the museum did a really great job of covering his life's work and approach to art and sculpting.

Considering that this was a private collection, it was quite impressive.
There is also a free museum shuttle that allows you to quickly jump from place to place, which my aching feet really appreciated.
this museum is smaller than the others in Philadelphia, but the works inside speak volumes. Rodin was an amazing sculptor, having created The Thinker, The Gates of Hell, and The Burghers of Calais. Along with many other of his works, this museum is a quiet and reflective escape from the loud city just outside its doors. Highly recommend this for visitors.
I am such a fan of Rodin'a sculpture. I fell in love with art when I saw a photo of The Kiss for the first time. What a treat to see this reproduction of the original so I could walk around it and get a feel for scale. This intimate museum houses a significant collection of Rodin's bronzes, plaster, and marbles. What is a nice touch are the sketchbooks available in each gallery for visitors to sketch a sculpture. These are left for others to see and show a range of skills and ages of these visitor-artists.
Wow! I didn't expect too much because of its size and lack of diversity in mediums, but there was a man David who works there and happily told us the stories, origins, characters.... And his passion really brought Rodin to life. Ask for him when you visit! He's so friendly and animated
The Gates of Hell,  The Burghers of Calais.  My favorite museum in Philadelphia.
You just got to love a piece entitled "Colossal Head of Balzac." The Balzac room is worth the trip, in my opinion. But there are some fantastic other pieces. 

The Burghers of Calais is awesome. Clenched Hands is one of my favorites as well. The Gates of Hell is phenomenal, and you can spend hours looking at it, trying to memorize every face and then as you walk through, you will see many of them again.

This is an excellent museum. It is among this city's greatest treasures.
Closed for the month of January. They don't even have a note on the gate. Will update when they reopen for a proper review.
This isn't that big of a museum, but it's amazing nonetheless.

Rodin is one of those artists that appeals to wide range of people, for his artistry makes it look life-like.  I visited the larger Rodin museum in France (which was more extensive), but I must say Philly's museum still wins the day, for this museum is less than 30 minutes away (proximity is nice) rather than a plane ride away.
This is a great little free museum. I work just down the road so I often end up eating my lunch in the very neglected garden area out front of the museum before finishing my lunch hour strolling around the inside. There are sculptures from varying points in Rodins career. Its fairly small but you can spend countless hours enjoying the sculptures of this master.
This is a great place to visit in Philly. There are sculptures outside to see for free. There is also an indoor portion that costs to enter.  This setup and style is very similar to the Rodin Sculpture Garden in Paris. Check out it! See the Thinker and the Gates of Hell (hope they don't open)
Rodin is wonderful, but this museum is not. And it costs $10 admission, for what is likely to be 10 minutes that you spend inside. The sculpture garden outside is where most of the large stuff is, and this is free. Go look at that, and move on. The actual admission amount paid is voluntary. If you do go inside, pay only $1; it really is not worth anything more. Go spend more time at the Philly Art Museum. Your day will be better spent.
This place is special.  Even the sculpture garden outside is sublime--it's a great spot for an impromptu picnic.
Bonus points for the giant chess board and set on the side--my kid and I spent like two hours playing chess and olly left because they kicked us out for closing
As much as I (passively) enjoy art, the level of ignorance at my age is quite significant. There is but hope by visiting such museums as the one to Rodin in Philadelphia.

There is something about the form and subtle abstraction in Rodin's sculptures, how they can be rough yet beautiful. And yet his works with such exquisite detail carved into marble is awe-inspiring.

Rodin has a new fan.

The building itself is beautiful, a small but impressive stone building containing many pieces both inside and on the grounds. 

The price was a pittance (yay!) And was part of the Philadelphia City Pass (whoo hoo!) so there is little excuse to not pay a visit. The staff were very friendly.
It's a lovely "intimate" museum with an interesting collection of sculptures. I love bronzes; I love Rodin. Get up close and check out the ripples in the muscles, the veins, the details. What else can I say? 

The gallery monitor (guard?) was a big, burly guy but when I didn't see the donation box, he was very polite and low key in pointing it out. No pressure, no problem, and a deal at only $3. 

Comments and suggestions more than criticisms: 

Too many hands for my taste but still plenty to please. 

I'd like a pamphlet at the door. There was one for children; something similar for adults would be helpful. For example, I'd like to know why works were conceived in 1895 and cast in 1925. Are these duplicate castings or it just takes a while to get around to it? I don't know if Rodin made single castings or series or if someone later reused his molds. You can see I'm not knowledgeable about art. I didn't visit the gift shop since I wasn't in a shopping mood. Perhaps there was something there? 

The labels by the works varied from concise but helpful to minimalist. I'd like a little more information if there's not going to be a pamphlet.
The Rodin Museum features sculptures from Parisian sculptor Auguste Rodin. The museum is quite small - just three rooms and maybe a few dozen sculptures. Many of the sculptures are nudes or otherwise NSFW, so I don't recommend bringing children. Admission to the museum is included with any ticket to the next door Philadelphia Museum of Art - and even if you come separately, it's entirely donation-based. So from a value perspective, the fact that it's essentially free makes up for the fact that it's quite tiny and will only take perhaps 10 minutes or so to visit. If you're nearby, feel free to check it out - but I wouldn't call it a must-see.
FREE on Some sundays
Amazing museum!  A must see for Rodin fans in America!  Great staff!
I had the opportunity to check out the museum during their summer beer garden with pay what you wish admission. It was the perfect casual way to enjoy the sculptures for someone who is not particularly into the art form. I appreciate the effort they put in to make the museum accessible to all. 

I would give the beer garden alone four stars, as the selection is limited and the line was incredibly long.
The sculptures at Rodin are amazing and worth seeing. Unfortunately, the dizzy blonde at the ticket counter/gift shop did not offer anyone the audio tour, even though we paid full price this past Sunday afternoon. Our son went about a month ago and used the iPod they have. It is worth tacking this museum on the front or back of the nearby Barnes.
Love Rodin, and this museum was small but with just enough to make me happy.  If you are a Rodin fan, you should go - it will only take around 30 minutes.
The Rodin is affiliated with the Philadelphia Museum of Art. Admission is "pay as you wish" or as a combination ticket with the larger PMA. Unless you're a hard core Rodin fan, you're not going to spend a lot of time here. The main attraction is the "Gates of Hell" which is actually installed at the entrance of the museum (so no need to pay for admission if this is what you want to see). "The Thinker" (outside the gated entrance) and the garden sculptures are also free to view. The morning light is horrible for outside photos, so you may want to head over later in the day.

If you do head into the main gallery - the replica of "The Kiss" is probably what you'll want to see. I found the side galleries to be engaging (the Balzac!) so there are definitely some gems if you are a Rodin fan.
Happy to be returning to the Rodin Museum. It had been far too long. It is still a small, but delightful museum. Admission is always pay what you wish (suggested is $10).

I was relieved that the attendant was very accommodating and friendly with my three year old. He handed us a family guide, and told us about other programming in the main museum.

What I really like about this museum is that it was designed especially for the collection, leading to a unique and beautiful custom layout. The formal gardens outside are also worth a view. If you are in the area, or like Rodin even a little it's definitely worth a stop. Largest collection outside of France.
Small but amazing! The outside is just as cool as the inside. We went in May and all the flowers were blooming in the garden out front. You can take a touristy photo in front of "The Thinker", like we did. The inside is great with many sculptures. Also if you pay admission here, you can also use it for the Philly Museum of Art that same day!
How to describe one if my favorite memories from Philadelphia. 

The Rodin Museum was a transcendent museum and garden. There are tables and chairs along the expansive fountain in the center of the garden with smaller sculptures on the sides of the museum. 

Inside it was a treat to be so close to such mastery of the human soul and body. Rodin encaptures the essences of love, tragedy, angst, and so much more. 

There are smaller rooms which feature smaller works, with an interactive sketching table with sketchbooks and pencils. Discovering different parts of the museum felt like the revealing of his mind and emotions.

My favorite piece is The Cathedral.
The museum was renovated recently, and provides an oasis in the middle of Benjamin Franklin Parkway.  Great outdoor space and nice little building to visit... the Rodin artwork fits in and is complimented by the environment.

One of the nicest museums to spend an hour in.
