This dog park is a work in progress yet it has the potential to be great. Right now it is an large fenced in space that is basically managed by the dog owners using it. For example someone donated a water bowl, I've seen others leave a gallon of water. The best donation was two lawn chairs for the people to sit on while their dogs run around. This tempts me to bring a grill and cooler of beer to really get this dog park rolling! 

The grounds can definitely use an overhaul. The grass is getting high some of the bare areas have a lot of rocks. Pretzel Park is far prettier but this place offers tons of parking. 

People in the neighborhood are bringing their dogs here on a regular basis. Hopefully the neighborhood association steps up to put some money into this lot. It would be a nice boost to an otherwise drab street.
Just found this place last week and it is a great resource for tiring your pup out!

Just a large no frills lot for the dogs to run and play. The dogs and owners are all very friendly and welcoming. 

I'm looking forward to spending many days here in the future.
This dog park ended up being better than I expected! My pup enjoyed it too, lots of room to smell and explore. Membership is encouraged but not required. There are balls and frisbees that are provided in buckets so thats a nice feature! There are also water bowls but no water source, so be sure to bring water for your dogs. If you want to sit in shade I would suggest bringing a chair if you plan on sitting and hanging out for a while, although there is one small bench under-ish a tree. This dog park has a lot of dirt, so I would probably avoid it post-rainy days unless you're ok with a muddy messy pup.

If you are in the search of a good dog park and are flexible of where you can go, I would personally suggest this dog park over Schuylkill dog park. That one has turf, but for location (no loud train going through), convenience (parking is much easier) and space, I would suggest coming here instead!
Still love this park as it is the best space around.  They have made improvements with a double gate entrance and a partitioned fenced-in space for smaller dogs to play.  I'd say the biggest hump is the fundraising efforts and keeping it clean and manicured as it can get muddy/icy after a rain or snow.  I admire the committee's efforts and fully support this dog park as a community success although it could use some more improvements like running water and maybe some turf to keep the terrain from sinking in.  I am sure that these solutions are to come and their intent is admirable and a result of lots of hard work. 

I run my dog at the Queen Lane reservoir in East Falls, at Mifflin playground when the kids are not in school and McDevitt ball field in the wintertime but there is no guarantee of other dogs to be social and give my dog a good run.  RoxDogPark usually has a nice variety of pups to play with here.  The dog owners have all been generally sociable, respectful and welcoming, too, even though I am a Fallser.
My twin sister and I brought our jack russells here today. There are 5 months old. It was our first time at this park and there were many people there. There is a double-gate entrance to prevent dogs from getting loose and TONS of space to run around. They are working on adding pavers to the entrance(we even helped unload them from the truck) and a gazebo and water lines for the dogs to drink from. There are benches for the humans to sit on and some stray tennis balls and water bowls for the dogs. The people here are strong-knit and it really fosters a sense of community. The only down-side is that the dogs are mostly large and can overpower a small dog easily- but our sturdy russells held their own!
Absolute garbage.... we went to take our pup BACK as we've visited many times before and it's membership only and they are not accepting new memberships, really garbage.. there were two people at your run down piece of shit dirt hole and we stood outside looking into the 2 dog occupied park. Ya might as well close this piece of shit build some more sky rises to crowd the area even more. Thanks for ruining our day.
