As the story goes, Joseph willed Burholme to his second wife, Anne and upon her death, son Robert. Upon Joseph's death, Robert and stepmother Anne moved back to Burholme, then adding to the home a parlor and library. Just months before Robert's death he married his housekeeper, Mary Ann Reed. Robert left her Burholme, with stipulations stating the estate (Burholme), be turned over to the city to be used as a park, museum, and library. After Robert's death, Mary Ann remarried, continued to travel and collect items, from around the world. 

The museum is free and open Friday - Sunday. This isn't the average museum. It's less pictures and more, statues, trinkets, artifacts, books, and so on. Throughout the collection you see the traveller; the passion for collecting is evident. The eclectic collection makes you wonder about life in the past, their friends abroad, and their legacy to allow us into their world of wonder.
It should be mentioned that Ryerss Museum and Library is not in or anywhere near Center City. It is in Burholme Park in the suburbs, about a 20 minute drive from Center City.

The museum is free and housed in the Ryerss mansion. The place is old and is pretty beautiful and grand from the outside. The library inside is small and quaint. It's a nice place to get books and read. The people are friendly. It's definitely a neighborhood place. The museum itself is a little odd and intriguing. Part of it looks like the house in it's original state, others sort of like a zoo, and the rest a traditional museum with oriental artifacts. The Ryerss family was involved in trade and they acquired quite a bit during their travels.

The building is desolate and good luck finding the entrance or your party if you get separated. As important the Ryerss mansion is to history and the area, to me it had the makings of a horror story.

Admission if free. Donations welcome.
I'm so happy to find this well-kept secret on Yelp!

The mansion essentially contains 3 parts, the park, which the playground has just been newly renovated, the library, where you will find friendly staff who's passionate about history, and the museum, which would contains so much history and culture, and leaves you wondering why you've never heard of this place before.

The history of the mansion traces back to the original settlers who came to Philadelphia with William Penn.  The owners of the house were heavily involved in trade with China, India, Japan, England, and every other corner of the world.

The front rooms, which is the first section in the museum, demonstrate how the original flavor of the mansion and its owners. Collective, decorative arts are everywhere from everywhere in the world.  They might not contain much artistic value, but definitely exotic and contain rich history and culture.   

The Asian gallery is magnificent as you see a giant Buddha statue that would only exist in national museums.  There are rare samurai suits and armors from Japan, exquisite ivory carvings from Indian, delicate religious collectibles from China, and stunning artifacts from all over Asia.  

The second floor contains all kinds of artifacts from English as well as other parts of the world.  The family was evidently fond of their pets, especially dogs and horses.  There are paintings of horse and dogs throughout the museum.  There is even a pet cemetery in front of the house. 

If you're in the area, please check this historical gem out.  You will not regret it.
Absolutely love this place. So beautiful. I haven't been there in a few years. However I will make time one weekend soon. I think they only offer tours on the weekends. You can have a guide walk you through or on your own we have done both. Absolutely gorgeous inside and out.
A great little museum (little? It's like a Tardis on the inside) and library.

So much cool stuff crammed into one place! If you are into 19th Century world culture, don't pass up this opportunity. The Ryerss family evidently did a fair amount of world traveling and they brought back many souvenirs from distant lands. The Asian exhibit was my favorite!
Free museum (donations accepted) right next to Burlholme park - OPEN ONLY on Fri/Sat/Sun from 10-4.  

Giving it 4 stars because: it's free, something for my toddler to do after playing at the playground, it has a library (different library card from city of Philly but easy to get).  

It's Joseph Waln Ryerss' former summer retreat house (descendant of Nicolas Wahn, one of original PA settlers to come to Philly with William Penn in 1682).  Lots of collections from their travels.  

Library has a couple kids tables with crayons, markers and sheets to color on.  A good selection of books for kids.  

Don't expect a museum similar to those downtown; it does not have collections of paintings even close, but it is something neat to do in spare time and it's nice that his wife donated it to the city. 

They also have a scavenger hunt for kids (ask librarian for paper).

It says no kids allowed without adults, but I remember them letting me in when I was a kid without an adult. Maybe just no troublemakers.  

I think they also have special tours when M Night is going on (movies at Burlholme Park).  

On a side note, during snowstorms, it's a popular place to sled down the hills (they probably don't want me saying that).
