Scanlon's is a nice, usually quiet, neighborhood corner bar (i definitely don't consider it a dive). I always forget to take pictures, but the interior is open, attractive and clean. There is lots of wood (one of my favorite things in a bar) and there is framed memorabilia hanging all over the walls (my favorite is a1911 letter from the Yuengling Brewing Co in which they offer this guy  employment and travel expenses). They also have a pretty decent "library" in the back, Shuffle Bowling, a dart board and a game of Connect 4 available (there were at least 9 really good books on their bookshelf of about 20 okay ones.) The bartenders are all awesome, the customers are mostly all friendly, they have free sausage and hotdogs during Philly home games, and, best of all, they have two pretty decent pool tables that are almost aways open (though they DO cost $1.50 a game these days).

The prices are average ($3.50 for a lager, various specials depending on day and time), the jukebox is pretty great and random (the other night we heard Toby Keith's "Red Solo Cup" followed by Rihanna's and Drake's "Take Care"), and if you want food, D'Antonio's is only a half a block away. Whether  to watch a game, play a game, or just to drink a beer and read a book in peace, Scanlon's will not disappoint.

Word to the wise: Parking is rough, but it's only about 3 blocks from the Rec so if you can find a spot on Roxborough ave, Mitchell or Pensdale, you should grab it and save yourself the usually long and futile hunt for a spot down by Manayunk ave...
I love a corner neighborhood bar. Being new to Manayunk/Roxborough, we've been trying every place within a 10 minute walking distance and happy to have walked in here. 

First time in, we were one of three people in there. They knew we were newbies as this is a place where everyone should know your name but they were very quick to learn it. 

The owner opened the pool table for us to play for as long we liked, put on whatever channel we wanted and hung out to talk with us like we were old buds.. 

The food was pretty good to. The bartender had to run from the bar back to the kitchen to prepare and he did a great job ! It's your basic bar fare but the wings were hot, onion rings crunchy and the burger was juicy..

See you soon Scanlons !
Terrible. Avoid. Literally just go anywhere else bc this place is a joke and for some reason everyone will yell at you???? 1 out of 10 not a good time.

Editing to write that it's fantastic to see that all the negative reviews left are "funny" to someone who harassed my group. One member of our group didn't have an ID with her but was looking to play pool (by the way, that isn't illegal--you don't need to be 21 or have an ID to play pool or to be in a bar that serves food). From there, the bartender and some regular at the bar (I guess?) gave us shit and made us feel unwelcome. At one point he came to my table and was cursing in my face, which is always fun for a woman to experience. We never gave any pushback other than defending ourselves to being yelled at--they said our friend couldn't play pool, and she left, but we were treated like trash for the remainder of our time there. So yeah, wish I could give a zero, and I hope this review is hilarious!
I haven't eaten at Scanlon's so this review is strictly based on drinking and hanging out, which it is great for. They have 2 pool tables, shuffleboard with the pins, and an electronic dart board.  Each time I have been hear there was a nice sized crowd, but it definitely was not overcrowded. It is easy to get a drink when you need one and the service is friendly. I would consider it a neighborhood bar more than a dive bar because that's the vibe it gives off. I will recommend coming here if you want to hang and play games. 

Prices were average to cheaper. PBRs were $2.50 but shots were $5 I believe.
The food & service was the best. A great place to have a good time with friends. The burger & pierogies were delicious and George the bartender kept our drinks full without being the least bit intrusive. Can't wait to go back.
Scanlon's is my favorite dive/local/corner bar in Roxborough/Manayunk.  Everyone is super friendly, and it's a classic Philly neighborhood bar with its eccentric regulars and foul-mouthed sports fans.  It's a dive, but it's not shady, and the women's bathroom is surprisingly clean.  It's so old school that there's a lending library in the back, and there might be a crock pot of homemade food on any given random night (although they did just start serving food, fried pub fare, I think - have yet to be brave and try it).  Unlike the first review, I think the prices are pretty standard ($2 PBRs, $2.75 Coors Lights and various specials).  They have a couple of TVs and wireless internet (good for when Comcast is down).  You'll find pool tables, board games (I think Connect 4 is making a resurgence), friendly bartenders and interesting patrons to keep you entertained.  Cash only with an ATM.
This is a bar on the corner of Manayunk Ave. and Pensdale St., closer to Ridge Ave.  It looks like a dive, and basically is, but I have enjoyed my time there.  Here are the few highlights;

-- 2 Pool tables, sticks are in good condition
-- Wings and frys were good but not great (did have a bar food menu)
-- Darts (electronic) and Shuffle Board, the type when you knock over pins, not real Shuffle Board
This is my ideal bar. Friendly bartenders, neighborhood feel, deep fridge, great bar food. They don't play music too loud so you can actually like, talk to your friends (crazy idea, I know). The taps occasionally rotate (I don't know how often) but you can always get a lager and a shot very easily. If you're in the neighborhood and want a beer after a hard day's work, this is the spot.
Just don't. It's not worth it. Went to plenty if amazing places in the neighborhood and this is just not one of them. Horrible service. The bartenders are terrible, rude and inexperienced. This space tailors to a few locals but no one else. Trust me, don't waste your time. Go somewhere else.
Tonight was my first time at Scanlon's and I was really impressed.  It's nothing fancy, but that's what's great about it.  Everyone (the bartender and patrons) was really friendly (which isn't always the case with neighborhood bars in Roxborough). Prices were reasonable and definitely lower than the bars down on Main Street.  It's a relaxed atmosphere and a great place to get a drink.  We didn't get food, but the menu is standard bar fare and other patrons said it's some pretty good stuff. I would definitely recommend stopping by.
This place is the worst bad ever, service is terrible and the people who run the bar are asshholes.
