This is seriously my happy place! I could just stay for hours and watch the pups play!

The park located just next to Schuylkill River Park, under the pedestrian overpass is extremely clean and well maintained. It has both Astro turf in the middle and a brick walk way around the play area.

 There are always bowls filled with fresh water and a plastic baby pool for hot days. Tennis balls are plentiful too. Recycled bags to clean up after pooch are available also. 

There are a fair amount of benches for the mommies & daddies to sit and chat, and watch all of the action. There are even a few trees in the park which provide good amount of shade to keep everyone very comfortable. A peek of the skyline and the blooms from the community garden just next door makes for a visually pleasing space. 

There's usually a very nice crowd of considerate pet owners, and friendly ones too. Perfect for striking up a conversations about a mutual love for our fur babies. 

I love the safety precautions such as the double gate, separation of small and large dogs, and the "no children" rule. As much as that last one kills me sometimes because my girls love watching all the dogs play, I've come to realize, it is really for the best. The kiddos can simply sit outside the fence and watch or if they're big enough, can play at the park and play set just down the way. 

You will find 2 hour unmetered parking and there are a few 30 minute loading zones. Currently there is construction making parking a tad more difficult but bring a little patience through this project and you'll be fine.
The dog loves this place, i find it fairly annoying...

Firstly, be prepared to turn grey... you are gonna get douched with dusty grey gravel bullshit the second you walk into this place and your dogs' gonna be saturated with it.   

Secondly, if you own a pitbull, prepare to hear on the frequent something to the extent of : "Oh, what breed is that, a pit? Ohh, did you adopt him? Ohhhhhh, that's so amazing!, he's so beautiful ! .... i could never do that though.....i just couldn't be sure....." 

For me, atleast 10 times... suicide anyone? 

Thirdly, the regulars here are to the extreme.... i show up randomly maybe once a week and i see the same people everytime. Some of these people & dogs are halfway decent, some of them are scum-bags... maybe im one of the scum-bags, i dont know, but not only do these people regularly show to this place, they also police it. I've seen multiple yelling matches between dog owners over the littlest, most inanely ridicules squabbles, have gotten into one of these, have heard a woman say "your dogs in MY dog park!" to some guy, and have personally told some pestering old coffin-dodger to "get fucked" before leaving because she was being so brutally indignant.     
 
Either way, the dog loves it here... lots of running room, unlimited supply of water, other dogs etc... 

I sorta just wish that there was a bar attached to this thing so i could numb up a little bit before the pain sets in....
Schuylkill River Dog Park is a great resource for city dwellers with furry kids : My dog, Oliver loves to run around there with his friends, and I like that I can socialize with the people and their pets and enjoy the day while my dog is too .  We play on the big dog side, there is also a smaller run for the littler dogs . Lots of sunshine, not much shade. The bridge looking over the park, makes for a great viewing spot too . Overall, a great place to spend way too much time with your dogs and friends .
I recently took Molly to the Schuylkill River Dog Run for the first time and we both loved it! Even though we went in the middle of the day during the week, there were still lots of other dogs at the park. 

A few pluses: 
-separate areas for big and little dogs (of course little dogs are always welcome on the big side) 
-double gates for entry and departure of the fenced in area 
-plenty of shade 
-awesome view of the city
-seating for humans 

This dog park was great. I thought it was funny that although there was plenty of open turf area, lots of dogs were hanging out on the pavement around it. Also, kids are not allowed inside (which makes sense, I am surprised more dog parks don't have this rule). 

Overall, this was a really nice dog park in philly and super underrated compared to rittenhouse square. 

Molly and I will be back soon!
This dog park is hands-down the best place to bring your dog in the city! It's like a little oasis in an otherwise very unfriendly dog city. I love that it has astro turf so no worries about hitting it up after the rain (I'm looking at you Seger Park.) Harrison, my ball crazy Boston Terrier enjoys the size of the park and I certainly appreciate the ability to play a good game of fetch and getting some of his energy out. 

Doggie parents do seem a little lax here as opposed to other dog parks I've frequented...so make sure you keep an eye on your pooch as I saw some less than friendly dog-on-dog violence. 

It's also great that there is a separate section for smaller dogs and puppies. (If for no other reason than I can oggle their cute little puppy-ness.) 

Bottom Line: If you have a dog in the city, this is definitely the place to bring them.
Best local dog park - great place to socialize canines and people. Love it here.
This dog park is amazing.  There are some great features, including two separate spaces for small and large dogs, a partitioned entry that allows for undressing and unleashing your dog before it goes in to play, running water and bowls, seats for owners, etc.  
Unfortunately, one cannot rely on others to be responsible with their pets.  Please read the copy of a Facebook post I made today after my dog was attacked at this park.  My dog left with a puncture wound and long gash in her head.
Please share: Beware of the couple who took their aggressive Bichon Frise (or other little puffy white dog) to this dog park today. It attacked our PIT BULL puppy who walked away from the confrontation graciously yet very wounded. This couple made the choice to take their dog into the large dog play area rather than the small dog play area or not taking it at all as it was starting fights with a number of dogs. It is another lesson to us to not rely on others to use good judgement or care about the safety of other animals. The ER visit costed us significant time and money on New Year's Day. And, let us not overlook the fact that her beautiful coat and face might forever be affected due to the ignorance of these people - you are lucky I was too worried about my dog to give you the humiliating and unforgettable tongue lashing I will now script and rescript just in case I ever see you again.
This place is a little doggie heaven along the river.  Hands down, it's the best dog park in the city.  Frequented by big and little dogs alike, the dog park can get pretty crowded during the weekend, which makes for fun people and dog watching (it's a guilty pleasure to watch the clueless stand in the middle and get slammed by participants in an intense game of tag).  

There's water for the pooches, a hose to hose away anyone's severe case of diarrhea, and even bags to pick up doo doo.  There are also benches lining the park which is actually base for dogs playing tag - don't sit if you don't want a stranger crawling underneath you....also it's cheating if you help cherry pick.

Lined with a special doggy safe K-9 turf with drainage, there's enough room to run like crazy but still find a secluded spot to spend some alone time.  The city gave us an enormous gift when they built this little gem.  It's really hard not to find a smile at the dog park.
Doggos galore. Although I'm not a dog owner I love going to this park to "dog watch". There's two areas: one for smaller and one for larger. Owners who go there seem to do a good job watching their dog and making sure there's nothing too crazy happening. There's always those few dogs whose owners just let them run around and they end up harassing other dogs but I've never seen anything too bad. Dogs can do their own thing or get out all their energy with other dogs. 

You see all sorts of dog breeds and personalities there so it's great dog-watching.
Artificial pooch turf for the dogs? How awesome is that!

Pros:
-newly renovated with artificial turf
-water spout
-doggy bags for clean up
-friendly dog owners (for the most part)
-gated small and large dog areas (that also connect in the middle)
-always have dogs, even if the weather is not that great
-well-kept and clean


Cons:
-dog areas can be bigger (if you're used to the suburb parks)
-holier-than-thou dog owners
-parking in area can be tough


The Yelp address states 25th and Lombard (Pine), but for people not familiar with the area it is not exactly at that corner. Walk a block or two East (towards the river) and you should see it!
My pup and I love the Schuylkill River Dog Run and really appreciate the crew that maintains it and keeps it clean and safe. 

When you arrive at the corner of 25th and Spruce, you walk straight back towards the direction of the river and find two different dog park spaces. One is for small dogs (with a specific weight restriction) and older, low energy dogs. The other is for dogs of all sizes, so it is typically larger dogs. Our 12ish pound cavapoo likes both park options.

There are always dog bowls and access to running water. In the summer, there are little plastic pools for the dogs to cool off in. While my dog doesn't love the pool option, he does appreciate the water bowls!

Most of the dog parents that bring their fur babies to the park are very friendly and respectful.
Clean, lots of doggies for our Chloe to play with and artificial turf versus dirty gravel - a win!

The majority of dog owners that I have met are good dog owners - they understand that dogs rough-house, feelings might get hurt, but then the dogs will get over it and keep playing. Just watch your dog like any parent would to make sure your dog / other dogs are acting accordingly.
I am disappointed with this dog park. No grass. No attempt at grass, just dumped small gravel and called it a day. There doesn't seem to be much maintenance on it other than someone picking up idle poops in the evening. All the bag dispensers I saw were empty. So make sure you bring your own bags for poop. The latches of the entrance fences are not in proper working order. They barely close and so a more zealous dog could push through them. The one separating the small dog area from the large dog area does not work at all. It is merely wedged shut. Also what is with no amenities in the small dog area? I like that they have a fountain in the large dog area but would it have been that much trouble to put on in the small dog area as well? At least it is close the broken gate separating the two areas. On the plus side there are 3 benches in the small dog area for owners to sit and watch the playtime shenanigans.
You can go almost any time of day (I haven't tired 9 PM - morning yet) and find other dogs/people there. Doesn't matter if it just rained, if it's freezing, if it's a Tuesday, if it's dark out. If your dog needs to let out some energy, just go and odds are she or he will find a pal.  The big-dog park is always full while the small-dog park is less popular. The small dogs are usually less playful and energetic so if you have a sturdy and energetic small dog, take caution, but don't be afraid to give him a try in the big-dog park. Owners are usually more careful than they need to be and it seems the etiquette is not to let the dogs hump each other. I'm new to having a dog (1 year) and he's neutered and I haven't heard of dog STDs, so other than dominance issues I'm not sure why so many owners are afraid to let their dogs do what comes naturally, but whatever.  I heard the other day that a dog that ate the mulch in the park got pancreatitis so watch out.  There are dog bowls and hoses for when your little guy or gal gets thirsty but I'm a little wary of them.
I did not like this park at all. First of all the astro turf or K9 grass what ever seems very unsanitary. I prefer real grass. I also find this park quite small, especially for the amount of people/dogs that come here. 

However, my main complaint is who had the bright idea to build a dog park right by the train tracks & what dog hating train conductor decides to blow its train horn right in front of the dog park?! NOT COOL! All the poor dogs freaked out!!

Don't think I will be back with my little guy even though there were lots of cute puppies & many nice people. The train horn was just too much for my pooch.
So spoiled by warm-weather dog parks...

I miss grass.

But I understand why the weird gravely stuff that they have here makes more sense than grass.  The grassy bits outside of the dog run are currently giant pots of mud, so I can only imagine what a dog run would look like if it were all grass.

Anyway, I second all of the pros that Susan G. cited.  I would add only two new things:
1) The water fountain gets shut off for pipe-freezing reasons in the winter, so bring a water bottle if you plan to stay for a bit.  Then again, almost all of the regulars bring water for their dogs and they're generally happy to share, so it's no crisis if you forget.
2) I think the best time to come is right after it's rained.  Not in such close proximity that it's muddy and gross... but close enough that the gravely stuff has benefitted from a shower.  Dog run gross/fun facts: most owners clean up after their pets, but there's only so much you can do about doggie pee.. and after several hundred doggies peeing in the same gravel.. well, you get the idea.
I love bringing my Boston Terrier to this Park. I wish there was better parking. They have a Philly Boston Terrier meet up about once a month. It's pretty fancy and people are duper respectful of there and your animals. They have H20 and multiple vowels. A kiddie pool in the hot weather. Separate enclosed areas for bug and small dogs.
Love this Dog Park. It's a drive for us since we live in Bucks County but it's worth the drive. We meet our Bulldog meet up group twice a month here. I really enjoy this park since there are two sides (Big & Small). There are also some hoses and water dishes for the dogs. I like that there is a double gate for both the sides. But you still need to be watchful of your dog getting out the gate because the humans don't alway watch out behind them. 

Parking can be tricky. Since it's in the city...street parking is the only option. I've been lucky every time I've gone, I've been able to grab a space close by to the park.

The dogs that go here have always been nice. I've never seen a dog fight or a scuffle. 

Make sure you bring your pop baggies! And look for the trash cans outside the gate.

FYI: Right now the double gate is missing from the big dog side.
I don't know much about dog runs because I don't have a dog. But I want a dog about as much as most women my age want babies. My loins ache, not when I see a baby cooing and drooling and semi-smiling, but when I see people chilling out with their dogs at this place. Seriously, if my day is sucking, I like to walk to this dog run (especially on nice weather days) and watch OTHER PEOPLE'S DOGS. I'm sort of crazy like that. 

I think it's pretty awesome that there are designated areas for small and large dogs. I imagine it puts some owners at ease--not as much worrying that their tiny dog will get its head bitten off. It is kind of funny, though, when a tiny dog is on the big dog side and he's going crazy, antagonizing some of those pony-sized dogs. If you're one of those easily amused folks, you're sure to find some canine entertainment here.

Plus, dogs aside, Schuylkill Park is fantastic on its own. A lovely little gem in this corner of the city. If I had a dog (one day! when the cats stop being a-holes!) I'd bring it here regularly. For sure.
We were in town for a wedding with our puppy in tow, and we took her to Schuylkill River Dog Run twice to get out her puppy energy. We hadn't been to an urban dog park before, and I was surprised by the size of the park. The dog park is great in theory. There were two sides to the dog park, one side for smaller dogs and the other for larger dogs. There isn't grass but rather turf, which we aren't used to, seemed to be pretty unhygienic when dogs went to the bathroom, especially if it didn't get cleaned up. 

During both of our visits, it seemed like there were several unsupervised dogs. This is a huge safety issue, not only for the dogs that were left by their owners, but also for the dogs that are there supervised. It really worried me because if there was an issue with one of those dogs, the owners were nowhere to be found. Overall, our pup had an enjoyable experience, but other owners didn't make this the most enjoyable experience for the humans.
Lovely park set adjacent to the Schuylkill river. Perfect opportunity to socialize your pup! The park is well maintained, spacious and has adequate seating. Always stocked with tennis balls if you forget your own and has water stations for the doggos. I love how they have plastic pools out for dogs to splash around in! Its great for those hot summer days and also for capturing adorable insagram photos. Also the small dog area is equally as big as the big dog area which is not seen in other parks in the city!! Small doggies need room to run too :)
Hands down, best dog park in Philly.. especially if you don't like your dog coming home covered in dirt or gravel. The surface is astroturf so it's not as messy unless they run into the back side. Plenty of space to run around in the small and large side. Poop bags aren't abundant, but you should be carrying some around anyway. Sometimes people drop off grocery bags to help out. 

If you don't live in the area and have to drive there, then parking can be a hassle, especially on the weekdays. Nice that Rival Brothers are close by, so if you want to grab a coffee for the park you can.
Oh Schuylkill River Dog Run. You have epic potential to be amazing and some days you are but sadly, a small percentage of indifferent dog owners make you a place I somedays dread going to. 

For the most part, this place is fine. There are usually at least one or two other dogs who will play with my dog. The small dog side is a hit or miss; there are a bunch of toy dogs who usually just sit by their owners but occasionally puppies will come! The big dog side is a battle field of its own. Be cautious during what time you go. Generally, I try to avoid 4-6pm as that's when a lot of dogs are there and they are understandably rowdy but to the point where so many of them with all of that energy can lead to aggression. 

There have been occasions when warmhearted but misguided owners believe that their dogs aren't doing any wrong when they get into fights or don't understand why their lovely Chip is suddenly being an asshole and refuse to take them home. These are the people that make me avoid the dog park some days, to the disappointment of my Dara. 

TLDR: Come here at your own risk because this place can be generally enjoyable for you and your dog BUT there can be days when this place absolutely sucks. 

Tips:
DO bring extra poop bags  
DO make sure you're watching your dog, because there's a steady list of people on my "F*ck you and also, f*ck your dog" for whenever they decide it's a good idea to just assume their dog will play properly (that's never the case).
DO make sure your dog is socialized. If you had a kid who didn't like the playground because he hates other kids, why would you take him there? 
DO make sure you limit your party size to no more than three people. The dog parks can get insanely crowded and it does not help that the dog to people ratio is 4:10 for some reason.
Great dog park - there are two gated areas, one for big dogs and one for smaller.  The people there are always friendly.  I've never been when it's quiet, but it doesn't get packed either.
Unfortunately, my dog likes the people at the dog park more than the other dogs. It probably has to something to do with the amount of pets he gets there! 

However, this place is seriously amazing. Nice benches for the people, great open space for the dogs to run and play. And there's never ever shortage of playing--there's always a tennis ball or three to be found in here. And there's even water for the pups to drink for when they get tired. 

The worst part about the dog park are all the cute dogs. I just want to take them all home with me!
I had high hopes of this dog park, especially after reading some decent reviews.  Considering drive-time, I'm kind of smack in the middle of going downtown or heading out to the burbs to let my dog run around and get her energy out so she won't eat drywall.  (yes, that has happened).  
When I took her down to the Dog Run, it was pretty cold but still a good time of morning for the dog park, and a time I'd typically see plenty of suburbanites at their parks.  But there was only 1 other dog.  And the owner here was nice but I don't think the elevator went all the way to the top floor.  I let Maddie run around a while but she was confused as to why I thought it would be fun for her to play in a field of kitty litter.  i was confused also.  I wish there would have been other dogs there for her to play with so I could've gotten a better first impression.  
I think if you live in walking distance it would be great, but definitely don't bother driving there.  If your dog likes the car and you don't mind the mileage, my favorite dog park by far is the new one in Horsham.  www.horshamdogpark.com.  It's pretty muddy out there now due to the snow melt but the set up is great and the owners and dogs are all friendly.  But I digress.  As far as the Dog Run goes, my dog would've had much more fun running around in the field directly across from the fenced in area than she actually did inside.  Might be an okay place to change it up, but definitely not somewhere I'd pick over another park.
A fantastic spot for your pooch to socialize and run off some energy. The best part is that you can hop on the new part of the trail that rings the city and it will bring you right to the park.

It has two components - the small and large dog areas. The latter is large enough for your dog to get lots of good runs in, usually with lots of other dogs following. There are also plenty of small dogs that go into the large dog area though not vice versa, which is probably a good idea. Personally, I like socializing my pup with dogs of all sizes so he doesn't develop fear of large dogs.

It is astro turf which some people sniff at but I don't think my dog notices or cares. No dirt for my dog to roll around in is not a problem for me!! Just a great dog park - your hound will have a blast.
We love this dog park! It's always nice and clean. The owners are very responsible and it's connected to the new boardwark and my favorite running trail that leads to the art museum.
I love this dog park! It's a great size, which makes it so nice. Only downfall is that a lot of the patrons are pretty snobby. Oh well, my dog barely notices the difference
Poocharific, not quite. Our city of brotherly love needs to expand its canine love to more dog parks. This is the only one is our neighborhood, and recently underwent revisions. I love that its brings the neighbors (both pooch and peeps) together, but I am sad that "canine turf" has replaced grass, and planting beds have replaced dirt; and you have to leave the dog area to through out poo.  I guess I'm just an "au natural" lover. I am thankful to have a local dog park, but would like a more thoughtful dog centric one.
I love the Dog Park here. My dog enjoys sniffing around rather than actually running but he loves it just the same.  As far as people go, the vibe is relaxed, if you don't feel like socializing, you can wander off on your own.  If you do, there is always someone there in the mood to chat.  

My only problems here have been with negligent owners who have their heads down in their cell phones while their dogs are wreaking havoc on all of the other dogs.  The ignorance seems to grow exponentially every year.  I just avoid the park on the first few beautiful days of spring and on spring weekends.
I brought my pup to this park this weekend, of course the hottest weekend of the year, and was a little disappointed that there was no grass.  I understand the gravel idea, but its a little messy and is rather uninviting for the pups to sit down.

I had mixed views of the people who go there.  Most of them were friendly and encouraged the dogs to play, others were a little "this is MY dog park, who are YOU?"  Maybe its because I'm not a regular?  I'm not sure.  

There was a sign about pit bulls and pit bull mixes in the bulletin area about responsible owners and how they should never have their pit bull off leash in a public area.  It was a little unnerving, considering my pup is a mix.  

All and all, its a nice park, but I'll be looking for grass next time.
This dog park is one of the best I have found in the city. Two separate areas for big and small dogs. Water bowls for the thirsty pups and (usually) plenty of tennis balls to go around. I have been bringing my Molly here for about a month now and she absolutely loves it!
I absolutely love coming here with my bichon poodle. Everyone is usually friendly or stay out of your way while keeping an eye on their dogs. My dog is about 12lbs and still getting used to being around other dogs. Never had a bad experience here!
One of my favorite dog parks I've been to yet! I went here on Saturday with my cousin and our two small dogs. It was a beautiful day and it was also my dog's first birthday so I wanted to take her somewhere where she could play and run off leash.

Since we weren't familiar with the area or the park, we had asked someone how we actually got into the park and she kindly lead us the way considering she was going there as well.

I love how there's a small and large dog section. My dog is only 12lbs and I know how rough larger dogs tend to be. When we entered the smaller area, there were a good amount of dogs running around which I expected because it was such a nice day.

My dog had such an amazing time there playing with other dogs and their owners that she passed out for hours when we got home.

The only thing I had a problem was that my cousin's dog kept getting continuously humped by other dogs and majority of their owners didn't do one thing about it. Some even watched which I find disgusting. I know they're dogs and they don't know better but the owners should be keeping a constant watch over their pets.
there are only a few dog parks in the city that i know of and this was touted as the absolute best one so i figured me and rocky would give it a shot. this is definitely a location that youre better off walking to if u can bcuz parking in this area is tight at best. in any case, we have been lucky enough to find parking every time we went. the park has two locking gates to keep your lil guys in which is good. the crowd largely consists of center city types. a bit snooty at times. i think what i really dont like about this place is that there is no real grass inside the actual dog run. its some kind of really cheap and very dirty and i would also presume unsanitary turf. not sure how often its cleaned (probably never). i just feel like my dog should have a bath IMMEDIATELY upon his return home from this place. 

the positives, there is running water, a supply of plastic bags to pick up crap, and a hose. is it great, no. but its probably your best bet in the city.
Love this dog park! I've been here several times now with my pup and I've been waiting to write my review till I have a good handle on all aspects of this dog park... so here goes! 

First and most importantly, my dog always has a blast here (and comes home exhausted which is always great). There's always a good mix of dogs here regardless of what day/time it is, which I really appreciate as someone who works from home. 

For the most part, the owners are responsible and I've actually met some really cool people here! As with any dog park though, you do have to be vigilant in case there's a dog with aggression issues or a humper...I've also seen poop left out (very rarely though and this can happen anywhere really). 

The park itself is quite large and separated into two sections (big and small pups), but sometimes there's crossover if the little guys are more accustomed to playing with larger dogs. Fine with us, but I know that can be an issue with some people. As for other physical characteristics -- the park has AstroTurf which is nice so it's not too bad after a rainstorm. The problem is that there's a little area towards the back of the big dog area that is muddy/collects rain/snow, so if your dog finds that spot (which mine somehow always does), they may need a bath after!

Logistics wise -- there's some street parking in the area but not a tonnn PLUS it's mostly residential. Because of this, we usually walk over or you can Uber it. 

Overall, we really love this place and go at least once every 2-3 days.
Milo is my furry child and is obsessed with socializing with other dogs, having a place to run, fetch, wrestle, and do his business. This dog park is a great place in the city of Philly located near Rittenhouse Square; he and I both are content with this new place! Here's the list: 

PROS: 
-plenty of bowls of clean and fresh drinking water. 
-a spray hose is provided if you need to spray off your doggie.
-they have a leash holder.
-there are plenty of benches or places to sit around on concrete.
-the types of dogs and owners that come here seem to be RESPONSIBLE and knowledge making their doggies well mannered and positively cheerful. 
-separate sides for big vs. small dogs. 

CONS: 
-a few inchoate trees planted resulting in little to no shade to spare you from the burning heat
-ASTRO-TURF?! 
-For a dog run, it's sort of tiny. So the place gets crowded during peak hours such as early morning or late evening. 
-Never seems to be any poopy bags offered in the designated container.
Definitely the nicest dog park in Philly in a gorgeous setting on the Schuylkill River! Our 20 lb Jack Russell preferred the "large dog" section, where she had plenty of room to run and plenty of energetic buddies. There is ample seating and both shady and sunny areas for owners to hang out it. The whole place looks very well maintained. We'll definitely be back!
This place has single handedly saved me from having to get a dog for the SO. and for that I am forever grateful.
This is a really great dog park. There's two sections (one for big dogs and one for small dogs - under 25lbs). There's also bowls of water for the dogs. I brought my corgi here and he really liked it. The park is pretty big and he was able to get plenty of exercise. The park is located on 25th and spruce. The park is near the kelly drive running path so if you like jogging with your dog you can always stop by here.
Loved this dog run!! They have separate sections for smaller dogs and an extremely large space for larger dogs..My dog ran like hell as soon he got in, living in nyc we don't see many dog runs that have this much space so on a random trip to philly we treated him to this huge park. Love how the park has turf, they provide a water bowl with a hose in the corner and there are a few benches where owners can sit and watch, read, etc. 

The only downside is that there isn't much parking in the area so start searching while you're a couple blocks away instead of circling to try and find one to squeeze into.
We, Fiona and I, love this place. She runs and sniffs all the other dogs and I get to sit on my rather enormous buttocks and watch her enjoy herself. Sunday afternoons have never been better.
So I don't have a dog, but sometimes I like to walk over to Schuylkill Park to watch dogs play and fantasize about what life would be like if I did have a dog. 

It seems to be a popular place and even on cold days it's usually hoppin'. The train comes by regularly so it can get loud sometimes. It stinks too. But hey, it's a dog park! 

There is a small outdoor market on Wednesday afternoons in the spring, summer and fall, with nice produce and baked goods.
A gem of Philadelphia! Beautiful area for the pups to get their exercise on. The park is turfed and double gated which is most often locked by those frequenting. This is important for dogs like my shiba. We will continue to frequent weekly
Our 8 year old puppies have only played with each other until coming to this park. Wow! It's clean, well maintained, the fencing actually goes down low enough to prevent escape from the small dog side. The fur babies and their humans are all friendly and welcoming.  It's such a joy to watch our pups learning to explore and to socialize. All of the pups have a tendency to make friends and get love and scratchies from all the humans and it was cool.  It was really great to be in a space that had such wonderful vibes.
Good amount of space, and makes it nice that it is turf instead of dirt/mud! Can get very crowded though. If you are wanting to throw a ball for your dog, it might be nearly impossible during high peak times. Cute small kiddie pool provided and water source. Keep in mind this dog park can be terrifying for dogs with noise phobias, as the train comes right through that area. 

If you are flexible on location of a dog park you want to visit, I would suggest Roxborough dog park over this one. Easier parking, possibly bigger(?) and much quieter. Also has a lot more "natural" features (dirt, grass, trees, lots of bushes) for the dogs to explore.
I come here every day with my puppy and I love it. My only concern are the people who come here with negligence. Someone came here with a dog that had a severe case of conjunctivitis! The entire eye was filled with puss and could have got many dogs and humans infected. I also hate the fact that some people don't curb after their dogs. This is astro-turf, it won't be absorbed into the ground. The small dog park is amazing and it seems like the people who go there are much more caring and clean. The big dog park starts to stink because of all the I cleaned poo in the garden area. 

Clean up after your dogs people. 

Otherwise, it's a great place to have around and parking isn't too bad. On a hot day, spray down your pup.
Awesome!
Great place in the city to take your dog for an outing!
Unleash um and let um go!
There are two gated areas: one for smaller dogs the other for larger dogs.
To my surprise the areas were VERY clean!  Everyone was really good about cleaning up after their pups.

Please be advised though, if u have children they are NOT permitted in these areas so leave the kiddies at home!
(There is a sign that says so)

Additionally, parking may be a bit tricky and I'm sure as the weather warms up it will become more difficult to find a spot.
This is a nicely maintained dog park good for small, medium or large dogs.  If only my 13 year old pug could handle the walk - but he just can't make it that far.

We'll have to drive him over one day.
Even though coming here involves a drive, it's definitely worth it. It's the nicest dog park I have ever been to. It's maintained, pretty big, and always full of pups. Even during a snow storm, your dog will have at least a couple friends to run around with! 

While the "no children allowed" rule might turn some people off, it makes me really happy. I have a 160 pound Great Dane who isn't used to children and has been known to accidentally knock into adults when he is zooming around this place with some other pooch friends. I would be much more concerned if there were little people running around too!

Most of the owners are friendly, and I can normally find someone to chat with me since I often go to the dog park solo too. There are a couple oblivious owners out there, but I guess that's to be expected. My only complaint is that the trash bins are all outside the dog run area and sometimes people throw the poo over the fence / leave the bags by the entrance.
Favorite part of my and my puppy Kenley's day. This is an amazing space for adorable dogs to just run around, wrestle, play, grab a drink of water, or just people watch.. and wait I guess dog watch too haha
The special K9 grass is clean and well maintained. The owners who come here are all responsible and really nice, especially when your dog keeps following people out the inside gate.
P.S. if your doggy loves to sniff and roll around with her new friends, the hose on the side is so useful to give her a little spritz before heading home. It keeps her coat clean and my furniture.
Great popular dog park.  Street parking
great astroturf and lots of seating 
nice place to enjoy afterwork with your pup
For a city dog park this is REALLY nice. There's separate big and dog park sections but no rules on segregation. The actually dog area doesn't have grass but there is lots of grass and waking area around the gated area. Both parks have water and benches and there's a walking and biking bridge that overlooks the park. I've been here a few times and never had issues finding parking within 3 blocks.
My dog and I love coming here. As a smaller dog we first go to the small section and by the time we leave he wants to go see the other part before heading home.

It is a great place to go at lunch time on nice days. There is a good crowd and the dogs are always excited to run around.
As a local dog walker, I've had the pleasure to experience the Schuylkill River Dog Run and the walking/jogging/biking trail with four footed clients!  Both the dog run and the trail have been very pleasurable experiences!  I prefer the dog run to Seger Park because of the AstroTurf, larger enclosures for both small and big dogs and I feel that the owners are more responsible at this park, there are fewer doggy scuffles, the owners tend to watch their dogs closely and that's appreciated!  The park is fairly well maintained although the AstroTurf could be cleaned more rather than trash for dogs to scavenge on.  The river trail is really beautiful and picturesque, you can see an amazing skyline view!  I've thought of getting professional photos taken there and coming to the run with a trainer and friends.  Awesome park and trail!
I do not own a dog. But there is nothing I like more than coming here to watch other people's dogs. So many dogs of all shapes and sizes at all times. Nice and peaceful overlooking the river. The best part is that when it's dark, the park lights up like a sports arena. It's a Dog Stadium. And if you walk there from elsewhere in Center City you get to stroll through the beautiful neighborhood of Fitler Square on your way there. One of my favorite ways to spend a summer evening.
Best dog park in the area! There are two gated dog areas; one for big doggos and one for the smaller puppers. I only go to the bigger dog park since it is more spacious for Lucky. Dogs and owners are relatively very nice and friendly. You'll see all kind of dogs here, from old and steady dogs to young hyper ones. There are also multiple water bowls and even kiddie pools for those hot days. 
Parking will be hard to find during peak hours, especially weekends, so I try to go before 4pm. Besides the gated areas, you can also walk your dog up the ramp and down to the riverside. 
The only downside is that there are no poopy bags around so you'd have to bring your own.
What a wonderful afternoon! My four girls (2 - 2 legged, 2 - 4 legged) were in Philly for a quick weekend getaway while staying in DC, after being cooped up in the car we all needed a good stretch. I can't recommend this dog park enough. There were separate areas for large and small dogs, all the owners were attentive to their pets and friendly to the other dogs. The area was clean and large. There is a doggie drinking fountain. I'm not sure if there is public parking nearby but we were able to find street parking not too far from the park entrance. Definitely a great day!!!
I love this dog park, especially the location and how nice it is walking distance to other errands! Such a beautiful view and has great dog-friendly facilities with a small dog and large dog area. They also have water bowls with a hose and baby pool for extra cooling off! 

The only problem with this park is the the turf never seems to dry out. Leaving a lingering dog pee smell, sure to take the fun out of the park on boiling hot summer days. Overall, an amazing Philadelphia location sure to please many many doggie owners like me!
Always full of friendly dogs and owners, excellent location, and well maintained. The only issue I experienced with this dog park is that there is a muddy area within the enclosure. If your dogs get to it, they can come home muddied.
BOW WoOoOoW- this dog park is the best I've ever been to with my pup! 

Nestled in a nice park, right by the Schuykill River are two dog parks- one for large dogs and one for small dogs. Both parks have double gated entrances for the safety of your pet. The parks are also turf lined- which is perfect because your dog won't come home covered in mud. But in case your dog does get dirty- there are hoses to wash them down with or fill a water bowl with. 

Both parks have been packed with pups every time I've gone- which is great for socializing and tiring out your dog. All dog owners have been great so far- and I haven't run into too many bad dogs. 

The park is very clean- everyone quickly cleans up after their dogs. There are only a few toys, mostly tennis balls- but the dogs seem to be more entertained by each other. There is a ton of seating- benches and low walls. 

The only disadvantage is the parking- no parking lot, so you'll have to find it on the street somewhere- but totally worth it!
I come here often twice daily just to visit with the dogs.  Everyone is friendly and I don't have a dog, but love them, so I visit the park to get my fix! Here's   a photo of Fedex, the Bassett.  Here's Ollie, my favorite Italian mastiff and Humphrey, the French Bulldog.
My dog had a great time playing with all the dogs while visiting Philly for the weekend. Loved that they had baby pools & water bowls for the pups.
5/5 for a great dog park for dog owners and dog watchers galore!

Excellent space, wide and open, water sources for the dogs, gated for the larger and smaller dogs separately, with areas that dog owners and dog watchers can sit along the side while the puppers play.

There is a great overlook from the ramp up top to watch the dogs in both small and large parks. The patrons follow social distancing and mask wearing guidelines. The variety of dogs that Philly has to offer is incredible and bring you a smile for your darkest days.

Tips/Takeaways:
-Definitely a great place to just sit down and relax
-Great place for your dogs to get out and play/socialize with other dogs
I think this is the best dog run in the city :-) I love the turf, as I dont feel like I am getting my dog really dirty each time I take her. There are plenty of balls to toss around and ample water for the dogs with all of the running they do. The park is large and there is a lot of space for the large group of people from all over the city that come here. It is always best to come early in the morning or "off-hours" as it gets crowded, but that is just a testament to how much everyone loves this park!
