I can't believe it was only just recently that I visited here for the first time. It was truly lovely! We had a nice little walk which we started by The Waterworks. Over there it's free 2 hour parking. 

We walked almost the entire way down the clean, well kept boardwalk watching the rowers in the water, the trains and the moms club stroller crew on a weekday morning while admiring the city skyline. 

The journey totaled just over 3 miles round-trip. 

The path crosses under South Street Bridge. There's a little plaque describing the history of the original bridge and the details they mimicked on this newer one. 

You can rent kayaks for a decent price here. They also host Parks On Tap yearly and movies under the stars in the summer! So fun! Great place for a family day outside! 

I can't wait to come back and enjoy a sunset, as I know how gorgeous they can be here from strolling the bridge above.
What a great idea!  I enjoy taking yoga classes outdoors and I really liked the location of this most recent class on the Schuylkill River!  There are so many activities happening in the area (biking; jogging; walking and yoga) to say the least!

The areas views inspires you to want to do something healthy for yourself!  

I enjoy all the access points of the Schuylkill Banks..so great!
When it comes to new-to-me places, I can be as bashful as a child, refusing to go it alone for the first time, hiding behind my mom's pant leg while I assess the situation. 

Even though I've been living in the city for almost six months, it took that long for me to check out the Schuylkill River Trail. Friends promised a safe and scenic place to run outside, but I just kept going to the gym. That, or - get this - driving to Jersey where my courses were plotted and I felt comfortable with where I was going and what to expect.

Finally, my boyfriend and I decided to take a walk, and to the Trail we went. Shocked was I at how well-maintained and well-populated the area actually was. I felt like I had made this amazing discovery, and I couldn't stop talking about how glad I was that we had finally taken that walk. 

Yesterday, I enjoyed my first of what will likely be many solo runs on the Trail.
i'm not a runner...but my boyfriend is. until we started dating 2 years ago, i had no idea that this park even existed! learned of it from him as it is where he runs on an almost daily basis, when the weather is nice, of course. 

on a pleasant day you can find a good amount of people waking (with or without a dog), running, bike riding or rollerblading...and now, i am one of those people! with help from the bf, i am trying to add running to my exercise repertoire. as of now, it's still a challenge for me, but i am determined to keep at it, and the beautiful surroundings of the schuykill banks makes me look forward to my next run...and the [good] sore i'll be feeling the next day.
What a difference six years makes!  

I remember this trail when it was a lowly gravel aforethought.  Now it's a real running/walking/biking river trail with lovely landscaping, benches-a-plenty, boat and kayak tours (oh my) and it connects around Fairmount Water Works to Fairmount Park and it's still growing South! 

I love to walk from the current entrance at Locust Street and make my way up to Boathouse row.  On the left, you get an industrial view of 30th Street Station, the Post office and the Cirra Center and on the right, the downtown and the skyscrapers unfold before you.  On a nice breezy day, if you squint hard enough it's almost like you're walking by the quais of the Seine - except with more trees, and rollerbladers, and serious cyclists that warn pedestrians "Left!".
Every other Thursday through the summer, there is a "Laughter on the Banks" session, where up to 750 people bring food, drink and be merry while watching comedies for FREE!  This year, the movies included Airplane, Office Space, Princess Bride, Young Frankenstein, Annie Hall...all classics and all very well attended.  Even in the 90 degree heat, the breeze from the Schuylkill keeps you cool.  Its nothing but a great time.
A lovely scenic greenspace with trails for walking or running.  A great place to take your kid or your dog or both.  What fun on a spring or summer day!
Philadelphia should be proud of the Schuylkill Banks, which is not pronounced anything like it's spelled. The trail is paved, well-maintained, and populated, and its curving path along the Schuylkill offers nice river views. I walked the trail on a Saturday morning and there were all kinds of cyclists, runners, walkers, and rollerbladers out getting some exercise, so be prepared for company. 

I took the trail from the entrance across the bridge from 30th Street Station to the Philadelphia Museum of Art, which was an easy mile plus walk. If you rely on pubic transportation I can tell you that this route to the art museum is MUCH easier and more scenic than walking from City Hall, which looks short and doable but in actuality seems to go on and on until the ends of time. The trail takes you right up to the museum itself, and the grassy area behind the museum is a really ideal spot for a picnic lunch before the walk back. 

So whether you're a tourist taking in a leisurely walk or the avid cyclist zooming by, the Schuylkill banks will be there, clean and pretty, to suit your needs.
In my natural habitat of Southern California I've developed a sometimes-compulsive need to run outdoors, so when I came to Philly I was eager to find a way to support my addiction. This metropolis doesn't really lend itself to a ton of road running, so the Schuylkill Banks are an absolute GODSEND! I love how it runs right through the city, so it's very accessible, but it also leads you right out of it (physically, mentally, spiritually...), rendering it a real escape.

The Schuylkill Banks are just miles and miles of paved trails (and in some places, a parallel dirt path), flanked by Fairmount Park and the river. So all around, there's a lot of nature to keep you country girls and boys happy. If you're really hardcore, you can't complain about the trail ending because I'm convinced it doesn't. And if you're that awesome one-two punch of distance runner with a bad sense of direction, this is your Shangri-La because you can't get lost! You're either going upriver or downriver... 

I also really recommend Boathouse Row, which totally reminds me of Amsterdam (and I was sober, people!). I also recently discovered the brand new Sculpture Garden located where the banks meet the Philadelphia Museum of Art. 

A word of caution - watch out for the goose scat. And some sections of the trails (closer to the city) tend to partake in rush hour, so make sure you don't make any unprotected turns or sudden stops. The best time to come though, in my opinion, is definitely early morning or late afternoon when the crew teams have practice! Mmm athletes... And the coaches following along in the mini speedboats actually have some pretty motivational things to share on their bullhorns, like "Don't let your shoulders give in! Get that energy up!" Totally thought they were yelling at me. Oh so THAT's what it feels like to have a personal trainer...
Running here keeps me sane and relatively fit, or maybe it's fit and relatively sane. I reckon I've logged 4 digits of miles up and down this trail in all kinds of weather, and during my run one night, it occurred to me that the typical Schuylkill run experience might make a good drinking game.

+1 for stopping to stretch while you watch the pooches romp in the dog park
+1 if the train's blocking the trail entrance (+2, turn around and go home if it's the garbage train)
+1 if a cyclist with carbon-fiber everything whizzes past you too close and too fast for comfort (extra +1 if he's in a Penn jersey)
+1 for powering up the hill to the Art Museum
+1 for getting passed by a person pushing an enormous jogging stroller
+2 for running up the ramps behind the museum to really get your heart pounding and reward yourself with an excellent view
+1 for not trampling any geese (+2 if you accidentally trample a goose)
+1 to say thanks for the bathrooms and water fountains at Lloyd Hall
+1 every time you run up Lemon Hill (keep going til you puke!)
+1 for resolving to check out WebMD when you get home to find out what's up with your knee/foot/whatever's aching today
+1 for getting far enough out on Kelly or West River that it suddenly becomes uncrowded, peaceful and real pretty
+1 for every bridge you run under
+1 for turning around and heading home!
+1 when you get passed
+2 if the passer is your kind of foxy and wearing small shorts
+1 for cruising back down the Art Museum hill
+1 in gratitude for not being one of the boot camp people doing endless burpees by the river (at least not today)
+1 for getting back to the train tracks
+1 for cooling down, stretching appropriately and jogging outta there!
There's little I love more than urban hiking trails. Us city kids once in a while like to pretend that we commune with nature, and this trail is a lovely place to do so. 
I really like trails with little surprises along the way. Schuylkill certainly has that, with cool little outposts for photo ops and bridges and statues and benches and whatnot. 
Also worth noting, people who hike seem to be nicer people. Lots of cool kids hanging out on the trail which helps set the scene for a lovely stroll. 
I also appreciate the utility and ambition of this trail. Along the trail there are signs delineating the plans for the path. When it's completed it will be awesome-as it will connect the western suburbs all the way down to Fort Mifflin. The trail is such a wonderful highlight of our city and should be enjoyed by everyone!
Decent running, walking paths along the meandering Schuylkill. Construction on the west side. Benches, boats.

3
I love their free movie Thursday nights - it's the perfect recession time date!
7/9 was Back to the Future
7/23 The Goonies
8/06 Indiana Jones

Perks:  everything is FREE -  popcorn, non-alcoholic drinks, pretzels & a raffle (gift prize last time was a basket full of Ikea stuff); you're outdoors; you're utilizing the Schuylkill river front; 

Pitfalls:  Completely my fault, I sat too close last time and the speakers were blasting.  My ears rang for the rest of the night.

Tips:  Show up early, bring blankets and a bottle (or two) of wine.  Movies play after dusk (after 8:15) but to get a square of lawn up front you should plan to arrive around 7:30-7:45.
Great place to go for a morning run or just hang out on a weekend.

I used to run a 4 mile route that begins around 30th Street Station and continues past Boathouse Row and the like. Back in the day, a couple of ROTC buddies and I used to gear up and jog the route, which I assure you was quite the workout.

It's a great place to be on the weekends as well, as you'll see tons of couples, kids, pets, and just folks running, biking, and walking. Several areas have these grassy knolls where folks tend to kick back and lie down or sunbathe.

No matter what you're looking to do, as long as you want to spend some time in the great outdoors, somewhere along the Schuylkill Banks, you'll find the right place for you.
The boat tour is great!  It's about an hour.  The view of the waterworks is fantastic from there, and the guide was well-informed.  When you turn around and head away from the museum, in no time you're surrounded by trees- although university city is just beyond them.  You can't even see the city anymore.  Who knew?!  Plus there was a bar in the back of the boat, whoohooo!  :)  
It was great.
We have half an hour before class. Do you want to walk around the Schuylkill? It makes no sense, but we'll make it, I think. We see the port-o-potties lined up in an endless row on Walnut, the City's way of anticipating the Pope visit, and you call them the Pope-o-potties, and I laugh, and I choke a little bit on my apple. We walk back to your building just in time and hug and part ways again for the thousandth time, and it makes no sense, but we'll make it. We'll make it.
What a hidden gem from the hustle and bustle of Philadelphia city life. This is a great place to unwind, relax and enjoy your run, bike and walk along the riverbanks of the Schuylkill river. It is litter free, clean and maintained. The trail is wide enough for people to use. You will be able to use your artistic expression and grab a few great shots along the way. I walked from the Schuylkill Park on 25th and Spruce went down to the trail and took it all the way to the Art Museum. I would definitely recommend this trail to everyone out there. There are several exits off the trail leading up to South Street, Walnut Street, Market Street to either grab a bite to eat or use the restroom. The restrooms along the trail are not always available for use and are locked at times.
This is by by far my favorite place to run.  Even when I feel too tired after a long day of work, my adrenaline gets going when I get to the trail.  I love how the vibe and view changes as you run along the trail. From center city, to Schuylkill Expressway traffic, to skate boarders, to the Art Museum, to flower gardens, and statues.  I can run for miles without getting bored at all. 

Running is pretty much always a breeze except for the occasional inconsiderate biker going way too fast and cutting it way too close to runners.  I have almost taken a handle bar to the gut on several occasions.  

As a timid biker, I only bike here at odd hours.  The inconsiderate bikers mentioned above seem to get a thrill out of (almost) running weaker bikers off the track.
This is a great place to run or bike outdoors! Even in the cold, snowy weather, they plow the path, so you can literally run in any season. I find this one of the safest places to run in the city where there are always other people running from early in the morning until early evening. The parts of the path near the art museum are beautiful with fountains, statues, and views of the museum and boathouses.

The trail doesn't go very far South in the city (a little past Locust Street right now), but they are currently adding on to the path so that it will connect to the South St. bridge.
Hubby and I got to enjoy the river boat tour thanks to Yelp, and we had a really good time. We learned some cool things about Philly and about the development of the city around the river, and the work that the Banks are doing to build up the parks and whatnot. The guy giving the tour had a bit of trouble with the mic system, so that was a little frustrating. But overall it was a really lovely ride, and we're thinking of taking them on their suggestion of taking the ride they offer to Bartram Gardens one of these days.
The trail is really beautiful area once you get past Boathouse Row and into Fairmount Park! The landscaping right along the river south of the Art Museum doesn't really compare to the parks along the Charles River in Boston, and it has an ugly view of the freeway across the river on the side along University City. HOWEVER, once you get past that all, it's like you've crossed into a fairy world of pretty fall foliage and nature, complete with flocks of geese and accompanying goose poop, so watch out. Good for walking, biking, running, and rollerblading. I like this place!
The only place to do your long runs in the city.  Run from Logan out to Valley Forge Park to get in a 23 miler for your last Philadelphia Marathon training run.
I love walking up here on my lunch breaks.  Few things are as peaceful as a river.  Added bonus: yummy shirtless runners when the weather is nice!
Love this park! Beautiful, calming views!! Great to watch the colors of the sky change as the sun goes up or down. Plenty of folks walking, running, biking or simply taking in the views from the bench!
Lots of room to run or bike and beautiful views! Just be careful if you're running the same time a train is going by because inhaling the fumes/exhaust is no fun!
