My doctor told me I had terminal cancer and that I was going to live six months in horrible pain before I kicked the bucket.  To which I replied- "Well, at least I won't have to travel on the Schuylkill!"

Then I visited my dentist who told me that I had two infected molars that needed root canals and to prepare myself for a long series of grueling appointments.  And I said, "I'd rather have a double root canal with no pain meds than drive on the Schuylkill!"

Satan has a copy of the Schuylkill on one of the lower levels of hell.  It's saved for only the worst of the worst!

The amount of gas $$$ wasted by thousands of drivers sitting in traffic jams would fund a small country.

I realize that fixing this nightmare of a road will be a huge engineering challenge.  But you know what, spend ten minutes on Google and you'll discover that us humans with our ingenuity and technology implement amazing feats of engineering every year!  It should be our turn now.

So why do I award this disaster two stars?  One reason only.  Sometimes the time of day and the weather come together and create the most stunning vistas of the Philadelphia skyline you will ever see.  For that I'm thankful.
This road is the devil. Avoid, avoid, avoid! 

There's pretty much traffic all the time. Yep, don't think you're safe traveling in the middle of the night because that's when they like to do construction. 

The Schuylkill Expressway was built on a mountain so there's really no leeway for expansion. Given this can be pretty at first, but when you have some place to go, it really doesn't make a difference. The approach to Philly can also be nice to look at as well, but there are also postcards if you want to see the skyline from a distance. 

The positives of 76? When you are sitting in standstill traffic, you can safely check in on the Yelp app. 

You've been warned.
A few years ago, I thanked the road gods via Yelp for keeping me away from the Schuylkill for the most part. I must have ticked off those road gods by making such a lofty statement, since tomorrow marks one whole year of driving a long, painful stretch of this hideous road five days a week.

Since beginning this new commute, I assume I've:
-Put myself at risk for a heart attack or stroke.
-Doubled my chances of death-by-stupid-drivers.
-Killed any chance my brakes had at long-term happiness.

It's also been reinforced that:
-Philly drivers dislike blinkers quite a bit.
-They also like to swerve in and out of lanes that are barely moving anyway.
-Honking at someone who nearly kills you will result in a middle-finger your way. Applause to you, kind friend on the road.

I would like to end my relationship with the Schuylkill as quickly as possible, but unfortunately that doesn't seem to be an option just yet. In the meantime, I'll continue to keep safe driving distances, get narrowly cut off for keeping safe driving distances, keep my cool when motorcycles glide between rows of stopped cars, and enjoy almost getting rear-ended daily.

As for the road gods? Curses to you for being so cruel. So. many. curses.
Worth avoiding whenever possible, because the traffic is horrendous at most hours of the day and night (and often unpredictably so). The great expanse of 76 with just two lanes makes the highway crawl at unbearable speeds, usually in both directions.
Oh yeah right - the major thoroughfare into a major city is TWO LANES WIDE IN EACH DIRECTION??? Expect a traffic jam, and in the rare occurrence that you won't get stuck, it will be like a gift from the gods of the road.  The best part is that it can happen at ANY time of day/week. I love watching the people run on River Road - as they pass you while you are "driving" on the "express"way.

At least it still takes you into the best city in the USA.
If you're commuting, seriously, you need to leave at lease 3 hours early to avoid traffic. People in Philadelphia don't know how to drive. Always accidents. It's awful. avoid at all cost. Take the train. save yourself.
During rush hour? Fuggetaboutit!  I agree with Steven B. below about all the gas wasted - and this happens every day!

It's a necessary evil when I have to get to Philly from where I currently work, but I avoid it whenever possible.
I won't give one star because really, the problems with this roadway are known. With a river on one side and massive rock formations on the other, there aren't many dramatic options available with current technology to alleviate the congestion here. I won't even rant about how the state of PA thinks spending 8 million dollars on digital speed limit signage for the on ramps is going to help lmao

But seriously, nasty drivers here. People won't let you merge, lots of folks weaving in and out of traffic at ridiculous speeds even with all the twists in the road

And every driver who cuts into that one lane - you know the one right before the eastbound lanes shrink from like five to two, for drivers entering the highway to merge into traffic - I hope every driver who cuts into this lane to pass folks in the left lane steps on a Lego. You all know what I'm talking about. And honestly why is it always BMW drivers?

Slow down y'all really we got enough accidents on this road. Stay safe out there.
I'm on the Expressway not once, not twice, but FOUR times DAILY, 5 days a week during the school year for the last 4 years and 5 years to come and let me tell you, there's absolutely NO good time to be on this road. It's the WORST road EVER!! EVER! (Writing this as I sit as a passenger on here for a change and yes, we're stuck in stand-still traffic even on a Saturday morning) If you can manage to get where you're going without using 76, do it, even if it take a few extra minutes. Avoid this road as much as you possibly can. 

My daughter's school is only 30 minutes from where we live but it takes about and hour to an hour and a half each way and that's not even in rain or snow. There are always accidents. There are always people pulled over. I spend roughy 5 hours on this road daily and it just SUCKS. Plain and simple. AVOID! I sometimes go completely out of my way just to avoid the devil that is I76, you should too. 

The only good thing about this road is the inspiration it provided for the famed G Love song and how excited the kiddos get when they see the zoo balloon in the air. 

I plan on checking in regularly now that I know it's a thing and earning my rightfully owned Duchess status. That's the least I can get for the countless dreadful hours I spend on here everyday with two kids in the car, one of which usually has to pee while the other has just spilled something.
This has to be the worst highway ever constructed. I'm sure it was too small when it was first built in the 1950s, but now it definitely cannot handle all the people who want to get between KOP, Center City, and NJ. And the way people drive on this highway is laughable. It's raining? They come to almost a complete stop on every turn. Snow? It's basically a parking lot. Rush hour is absolutely the worst, especially coming from KOP heading into the city, but even at random hours of the evening there tends to be lots of traffic. And what highway has a speed of 50 mph -- ridiculous! Not that you're able to go that fast most days...
One of the most notoriously awful roads in America. It's always being worked on - such incompetency! No clear signs to warn people of merging, cautions, or time signage to flash delays or expectations. They need to drill through the rocks or build something over the river to add more lanes on each side since they are always working on it! Avoid like the plague - especially during rush hours (which are unpredictable)!
The Schuylkill Expressway is the main thorough-way from center city Philadelphia, PA to Montgomery County, PA, which eventually heads out west towards Harrisburg, PA, and then to Pittsburgh, PA.  The highway consists of four lanes beginning at the merge with the Roosevelt Boulevard Extension and ending at I-676 near center city.  The highway also becomes two lanes near the City Avenue exit which usually causes heavy traffic jams, which are painful to wait through.

This highway was obviously not built to withstand the current traffic flow in Philadelphia, PA and needs to be properly expanded to a minimal four lane highway, at least until King of Prussia, PA.  I-95 is currently undergoing construction to benefit the traffic flow through the Philadelphia area while nothing is being done for I-76.  Philadelphia should look into improving the traffic flow westward as the amount of cars on the road will only increase with time and the commute to and from the city will be more chaotic then it already is everyday.  It would also benefit the economy by providing more jobs.

I also want to point out that people on this highway tend to sit in the left lane at the speed limit although PA law states that the left lane is the passing lane.  I don't understand why people are oblivious to this but hope that someday people will stop holding up the left lane.  In reality, even if the person believes they are benefiting society, they are actually increasing the chance of an incident occurring because people who do not want to go the speed limit now have to go around the slow car to get to the speed they want to go.  Yes, there are posted speed limits on the highway, but remember these speed limits do not take in to account the current automobile engineering and stick to the standards laid out by the engineers that built and evaluate this highway.

Overall, this highway needs to be expanded to relieve the pain that I and other people go through our commutes in and out of the city during non-peak and peak hours.
The  Schuylikill  Expressway  opened  in  the  1950's;  and  it  was  obsolete  the  day  it  was  opened.  The  ORIGINAL  PLAN  was  to  have  4  lanes  going  into  Philly  where  the  current  Expressway  is;  and  4  lanes  coming  out  of  Philly  on  the  Manayunk  side  of  the  river.  But  the  planners  of  the  day;  in  their  infinite  wisdom;  thought  THAT  would  be  too  costly.  So  everyone  in  Philly  is  basically  stuck  with  this  abomination  of  a  roadway.  Study  was  done  approximately  7  Years  ago  on  what  to  do  about  this  hell  on  earth  of  a  so  called  Expressway.  The  best  they  could  come  up  with  would  be  to  double  deck  the  Schuylkill  from  King  of  Prussia  to  Philly.  4   - 5  lanes  in;  same  coming  out  of  Philly.  The  cost?  About  2.4  BILLION.
One of my favorite lines is in Fight Club when Tyler asks the Narrator who he'd fight, the Narrator says, "Shatner. I'd fight William Shatner".
I'd fight the architect of The Schuylkill Expressway.. and Rush Limbaugh and Guy Fieri. But, I 'd fight the ahole  that created that 25 mile, 2 lane parking lot first.  I started writing this review while on the Schuylkill, and before you start judging... "you shouldn't even text when you drive forget about yelping".. well I'm not driving I'm on the Schuylkill that means I am sitting in my car w/ my engine and air conditioner on, burning gas and polluting the earth w/ my CO2 emissions, but I am not driving... because in order to drive your car must move forward. You might say " Hey asshole who takes the Schuylkill ... well I know better not to take the Schuylkill during rush hour but I thought it would be OK at 11am . Once again another thing I have gotten wrong in life. It took me 45 minutes to move approximately half a football field, I would have probably finish the review on the Schuylkill if I had an Iphone instead of a Verizon Envy internet connection. Anyways just stating what everyone already knows the Schuylkill sucks ass and if you are wondering why it is 90 degrees in the start of April it's b/c it's called global warning caused by the thousands of cars' CO2 emissions from burning 3/4 of a tank of gas on the Schuylkill every day to go 25 miles.
Locals call this road the Surekill Expressway for a reason. Horrendously outdated and obsolete, but the drive through Fairmount Park is nice, and you get some great views of Philadelphia's beautiful skyline. Still, I would rather take the train into the city than drive through this fiasco.

Since there is no room to widen the road with the river on one side and the cliff on the other, PENNDOT needs to make this a double-deck highway with express toll lanes on the top level.
Ah, the East Coast Version of the 110 Parkway in Pasadena, CA
Look, I'm not gonna pretend that I love the most popular parking lot in philly but if u ever have the need to blow off some steam philly style then this place gets the job done! 
As u enter the deceptively clear on ramps u are immediately greeted with ur standstill traffic filled fate with no way out. Just accept it and go with the flow! Join the legions of humanity who have accepted their everlasting doom...well, 25 miles of doom.  Wave at ur fellow hell companions. Turn on some great music, on a nice day roll down the windows and take a deep breath, maybe the fumes will mask ur true feelings on ur current situation. 
Had a bad day at work?? Use the opportunity to get rid of that frustration as u encounter the multitude of confused and bewildered tourist who have no idea how to merge, change lanes, or drive...welcome them to philly! 
If ur fortunate enough to be heading into the city on hells highway just wait for the amazing view around the bend at City Ave...let ur jaw drop and be ever thankful that u live in the best city ever! 
It might be the traffic that nightmares are made of but it's OUR traffic, we own it, we live it, and we do it philly style!
I intensely loathe this highway and thank the road-gods every day that it's not part of my daily commute. I would lose my brain if I had to drive on this tiny, two-laned, backed-up, crap road that is filled with terrible drivers. Yes, I drive up Broad Street each weekday. Yes, Broad Street has an obnoxious amount of (red) lights. Yes, Broad Street is a thousand times better than 76.

World, please, let me turn you on to this great concept that is unknown still to the vast majority of PA drivers. "Blinkers." You see, if you want to change lanes, you put a blinker on, pause, ensure that a car is not adjacent to your car in said requested lane, and then move over. You do not just casually slide over, like you own the asphalt. You don't.

This non-use-of-blinkers issue is especially tough on the Schuylkill, when people are trying to figure out, "Oh, do I need to be on 676? Oh, I suppose I need to be in the left lane, then." Slide.

Just. Sigh. Avoid this highway. It's not an Expressway. The road name lies. And the road itself is a dangerous mess of crazy-cars and crazy-drivers and no-blinkers.

Which explains why there are accidents reported on it every time I turn on the traffic report.
HELL ON EARTH the only good time to be on it is from 10pm to 6am or you will sit on here people think LA has it bad this is just like it & when there's a game think 2 to 2.5 hours ether to or from Philly & KofP
After writing this review I decided to get a job in King of Prussia and experience an hour of my own special, personal hell each way from Philadelphia to KOP and back every day for the forseeable future. Thank you, Satan.
I understand that 76 was originally built as a bypass around the city for drivers going east to get to 95 without going through downtown Philly. However, it has not evolved that way and instead is constantly clogged with drivers trying to get to and from the suburbs. Forget about this road during typical rush hour-- I commute this road every day and will sometimes sit in park for a good minute before throwing the old combustion engine back into gear. I cringe when I think about all of the gas I've wasted and fumes I've polluted the earth with while waiting for the traffic to die down. That being said, "typical" rush hour isn't a thing on 76. Expect congestion at any time and at any point in the road. Not to mention flooding anytime the Schuylkill gets angry.

All of the things I mentioned above would be worth two stars on Yelp, except for this last comment: the Boulevard merge is the bane of my existence. The biggest problem with 76 is the westbound side in that area. It goes from four lanes to two when it splits for 76 and the Boulevard. Fine. But you can't even get a half mile before three major entrances occur-- first the Roosevelt Boulevard drops in, then Ridge Avenue, and then finally northbound City Ave (followed by Belmont Ave a mile later, to add insult to injury). It is a nightmare. What should take three minutes at normal speeds can take 20-25 when congested. Not pretty.

This road needs to be widened, seriously. Or better incentives for public transit need to be advertised. Something's gotta give. The biggest pros to this road, by the way, are the picturesque views of the Schuylkill River, Fairmont Park, and the hills in the surrounding suburbs-- you'll have plenty of time to take them in when you're stuck in traffic.
Driving this is like something out of Mad Max.  I avoid it as best I can and gods help you if you have to travel it. 

If you leave a safe length between you and the car in front of you, someone will find a way to swerve in and probably hit their brakes. 
 
People merging don't understand merging means to get in.

When a lane ends people ride it all the way out, and often make no effort to merge or signal.  Just the threat of colliding. 

Anything more than once in a long while and I believe it can change your whole demeanor.
76 is good in theory.  Depends on which GPS application you use on your phone, it will tell you it will only take 20 minutes to get to somewhere if you use 76 during rush hour.  It never takes 20 minutes.  It has worked out for me really early in the morning, four or five AM, but you are chancing traffic due to roadwork at that time.  Those rare times it works out, I feel like I spotted a unicorn. 

There is the unspoken rule that everyone tailgates because they don't want to let in what I call lane weavers.  These are people who are opportunists that think if they are in a left lane, the right lane is better and vice versa.  They cut everyone off going in and out of the lanes and usually arrive the same time you do, even though you stayed in the same lane.  This tailgating causes accidents and cars rear-ending other cars, making the traffic even worse.  

If the traffic isn't moving slowly it becomes a parking lot. Worse inexpensive parking in the Philly.


My advice it just avoid this road if you can, or just triple the amount of time it will take you to get somewhere.
toooo many cars for toooo little road!! but it gets my heart pumping in the morning more than my Starbucks... with two shots!!
avoid at all costs. agony pain agony evil evil evil
Trying to merge onto 76 from Fox Street/Abbotsford is a freakin horror show. I just got into an accident because the freeway merge lane was totally clear and lord knows, when it's clear, you go for it..but the guy in front of me had other plans and was at a complete stop. No merging for him. So I ended up rear-ending him and of course, that's MY fault right? Even though he should have gone? Ughhh....screw this freeway. I'm gonna go car-less like nearly everyone else in Philly. This city sucks to drive in.
I am going to try and take a different approach in adding my two cents on discussing the trials and tribulations of traveling this road. When the reality set in that this was going to be my daily commute I could have immediately posted an infuriated rant. My first few weeks I tried strategizing with leaving at various times to see if I could glean a better result.  Alternate routes were out of the question and the constant glare of bright red brake lights threatened my vision. It's been a solid three months now and I have learned some things that have helped me cope and if your out there on 76 with me perhaps it will help you too.

Acceptance is key. This is what it is and it can not be changed.

Learn the rythem of the road. This serpentine has a flow. Get with it and you will learn when to stay in the left and when to pivot right.

Make good use of the slow moments. For instance I for one have found that I can successfully apply my eyebrows while I'm waiting in merging traffic.

And for the love of all that's holy have your car serviced. I have been particularly remiss when it comes to taking care of my car. After witnessing countless skid marks and blown out tires this road has taught me this is not a good thing. My next few reviews will be about oil changes and break repairs.
If you could vote negative stars, this pos roadway would never see the positive side.  Seriously, avoid this roadway unless you plan on driving it at 3am.  Outdated when created, awful curves, distracted drivers, and NO room for any mistakes.  Bumper to bumper traffic from King of Prussia to Center City, then from Center City to the Walt Whitman Bridge.
Just.  An.  Awful.  Roadway.  Shame on city and state officials for no plans to resolve...Shame!
I've been here so long. I don't even remember what day it is. I'm supposed to have coffee with a friend in Wayne on Saturday. But wait, is it Saturday already? I started early so I'd be on time. I left on a Wednesday. The guy in the Tacoma next to me passed away yesterday afternoon. Or was it the day before? I don't know. It's been so long. That's what happens when you aren't prepared. I brought three cases of bottled water, a heavy blanket, crackers and peanut butter. My supplies are running low. I've been staring at the license plate in front of me - 74KR65 - for so long that that I'll never forget those numbers as long as I live. Which may not be much longer, the way traffic is moving. Pray for me. And stay off the goddamned Schuylkill Expressway.
I do the Schuylkill everyday (unless the traffic forecast is really bad).  I do the eastbound commute in the mornings, and westbound in the evenings.  Yes, the jams can get severe, but I do it because I still get better gas mileage (and better time) using the Schuylkill than driving locally (with all the zigzags and stops-and-gos) on my daily commutes.

Driving any road day in and day out, you get to know/sense the rhythm of the road.  You learn when/where to stay on the right lane versus the left lane.  You learn when it's empty and when it's congested.  You learn to cope; you learn to excel (and accelerate).  It's the zen of the Schuylkill: the zen of the road warrior!
