Very quiet and relaxing river trail. It is a nice view of high rise buildings and the river. Definitely a good place for exercise or a walk. 

People do ride bikes or jogging with their dogs there.
Athletes and nature lovers' rejoice! The Schuylkill River Trail is a great place to walk, run or ride. As a cyclist, I spend many a spring and summer weekend embarking the various different portions of the trail. 

Each portion of the trail has its own personality. The trail is tree-lined and scenic, running alongside the Schuylkill River at most points. It's very close to the river near Kelly Drive, however farther away as you pass from Conshohocken and Norristown. My favorite portions include the area around Spring Mill and the area around Valley Forge. They are probably the most tree-lined portions of the trail and very peaceful. 

The crowds will also vary in each portion of the trail. As a cyclist, I personally cannot stand the runner-clogged areas that are anchored near the Art Museum, Manayunk and several other spots. The farther away from each city you get, the less congested and more tranquil it gets. 

You can also use this trail to access other trails such as the Wissahickon Trail, Cross County Trail, the Audubon Loop and Perkiomen Trail. 

My only main gripe with the trail is the breaks between some of the portions. To get from Kelly Drive to the Tow Path, you must pass through Main Street Manayunk. The Tow Path itself is very uneven and not as well paved (or paved at all) as some of the other portions of the trail.

All and all, I cannot underappreciate they fantastic-ness of the Schuylkill River Trail. To be able to enjoy the beautiful sites and mostly avoid vehicular traffic is something special. As the weather grows cool and the trail becomes unmaintained for the winter, I will sorely miss my adventures in nature.
Yo, Portland!  You think you're hot cycling stuff?  Come to Philly.  You've got streets riddled with trolley tracks and NO bike lanes. While we've got a trail from Philly to Phoenixville that is virtually car free.  I ride from my home on 3rd Street in Olde City, take bike lanes all the way up to the trail via Pine street, where, if you go 20 mph, it's green lights all the way up....hop on the trail...ride MLK that's car free on weekends and I'm off.  We can do 100 miles practically carefree...you may have the STP (Seattle to Portland)  once a year; but we've got SRT all year long.
Such a beautiful, fulfilling nature escape! I live in Center City and do a lot of distance running, and running up and down this trail makes me flat out SMILE! Sometimes, i wonder whether people running/biking/driving past notice the girl who is oddly smiling out of no where. it is the nature I tell ya.

Very well maintained, gorgeous views, and extremely peaceful. Makes for a perfect distance run or bike if you are training for a long race. There are other offshoots trails that you can get to along the route as well.
The Schuylkill River Trail is a a multi-use trail in Southeastern Pennsylvania It currently links Philadelphia to Phoenixville,  but it is projected lo be almost 130 miles when complete. It exists in  a few other places too, most notably around Reading and again from Hamburg to Auburn.

And the trail was partially the reason for our budget vacation this year.  I'd first heard about it when attending a union meeting in King of Prussia a couple of years ago.  My husband Rick and I have wanted to ride it ever since.

So we packed our suitcases and our riding gear, lashed our bikes to the back of our Malibu, and drove cross-state from the 'Burgh to King of Prussia.  KOP  was to be the epicenter for our cycling vacation as we also sampled the Perkiomen Trail and the trail systems  in Valley Forge.

The great thing about the Scuylkill River Trail is that it runs through a variety of landscapes:  urban, suburban, parklike, even rustic.  My train enthusiast husband liked how t runs within sight of the SEPTA and Amtrak rail lines.  It's a great, level ride that's suitable for cyclists of any ability.
One of many of Philadelphia's outdoor treasures, the Schuylkill River Trail gives plenty of entry and exit points for runners and bikers to allow access to whichever part of the city they desire.  The trail itself offers some nice views and is well kept.  Personally, I feel it is a bit better suited for runners than bikers, especially along the canal in Manayunk.  Still, everyone can enjoy!
I usually run for 25 or 30 minutes outside, which is more than I can eek out on the treadmill most days. I wouldn't consider myself a runner, per se, I just like to do it to be healthy. Well, the day I discovered this trail, I ran for over 60 minutes. That's the highest compliment I can pay to a running trail.

I entered from Walnut Street and ran north along the river. I was planning to run up to the Market Street bridge and then turn around to head home, but I was so overcome by the beauty of it all that I kept going. I ended up getting all the way to the Art Museum, where there's an incredible, very new looking skate park and stairs up to the parkway.

All along the way to the art museum, I enjoyed the trees, the trimmed grass along the river bank, the cool breeze blowing and the evening sun casting a soft glow on the other runners, walkers, roller bladers and artists painting and sculpting. I was impressed with the diversity out on the trail, and how clean it was. Not a bit of trash at all. 

I'd love to run further up someday, since when I looked it up, it says the trail goes for almost 100 miles. My guess is I'll never make it that far, but the fact I could run as far as I did because of such an inspiring view is pretty great. Take a walk or a run and take in the beauty of Philly from the river banks!
Part of my Saturday routine is to bike along the Schuylkill River Bike Trail. Although the path may never change the scenery is constantly changing. Philadelphians are beautiful people. We engage together well and I often encounter visitors from other countries. It's refreshing to know our visitors love our town as much as I do!  #Bike #Cycle 
#SchuylkillRiverTrail
This running trail is near and dear to my heart. 

Many openings to this trail from the center city area and the trail leads to Kelly Drive so you can train with any distance without getting bored. The views are great and a ton of people out on a nice day -- walkers, runners, bikers, or just people lounging about soaking up nature.
I'm embarrassed to admit that I've lived in Philadelphia for 5 years and haven't visited the Schuklkill River Trail until this spring. Now that I've discovered the trail, I bike it often. Also love taking my pup for a long walk to the dog park on Locust street. Be careful on the trails, there are some bicyclists that seem to think 5mph signs mean 25 mph... watch those turns.
I've only been on the trail from Water Works to the dog park at the end of Spruce, but even that short path is so much fun. I love walking along the water on the well-maintained path and actually having trash cans to throw out dog poop as needed. I plan on exploring the entire path soon!
A truly ecxellent trail (still being constructed in some parts) that, once completed, will run from Pottsville, PA to Center City Philadelphia. Currently, the trail runs from Pottstown to Philadelphia. 

The views from this trail can be breathtaking.  99% of the trail is paved and pretty wide. Always loaded, but not packed with cyclists, joggers and hikers. 

I am an avid geocacher and a group of people have hidden over 100 caches alonf the trail spanning the length from Valley Forge National Park to Center City.  

LOVE THIS TRAIL!!!
Beautiful scenery, perfect place to relax or work out - Especially at night when the city is lit up :).
Best place to run in Philadelphia with deer sightings. You can run flat or you can use the trails to work on your stamina!
