The good, and what most people will want to know: it's beautiful, and yes, educational, with a good bookstore.  Adults and kids can have a great day here. This is an oasis and an oddity- an island of natural inside city limits.  Hike, view exhibits, and know that they have wildlife rehab available for those sick critters you might find.

The not so good: the Center is not remaining completely true to its original mission.  I'll not bore you with the politics I've read a lot about but the land was donated by family with certain stipulations and the plunking of a charter school in the midst of the Center is not in spirit with the plans, and the family descendants rightfully protested.  Further, I know firsthand that the Center has sold off some land to the City of Philadelphia... a sad thing to see this happen to... what?  Generate income?  Lastly, I find it disappointing that current employees there have only a passing knowledge of the history of the place or knowledge about the current and past grounds.

Don't mean to come off all "in my day..." but if you're running a place dealing with nature education and preservation, you ought to understand what you have been charged with preserving and teaching, and know why it's been given to you.
There aren't miles and miles of trails here but the 4ish + are totally worth checking out.  If you see a door definitely open it it leads to more trails.  There some elevation so be ready for some up and downs.  In the city limits of Philadelphia but you'd never realize it.
Why am I the 1st to review this?!?  I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!!!  There's well maintained scenic trails and an environmental education center that's staffed with super friendly and informative people.  A pefect place to take the kids for a fun learning experience.  Whether you're looking for a relaxing nature walk or an invigorating hike, there's a trail for you.  If you love nature and live nearby, check this place out!!!
Another gem in the Andorra/Roxborough section of Philadelphia.  Great place to take your kids on a nature hike.  Excellent trails.  Friendly staff in the office.  Be aware there is a school that uses some of the space M-F during the regular school year and parking is much less available.
What a hidden gem! It was a beautiful Saturday to go for a walk here. It's easy to find. When you turn in off Hagys Mill Road you follow a long driveway to the parking lots. A building with restrooms, water fountains, a children's play area, gift shop, special exhibit room and classrooms is across from parking lots. The gift shop had some unique items like local honey.
The grounds are amazing. So many different  trees and plants. A watershed walk was happening  so I checked in and was given a map. It was about a 1 mile loop with several activity stations.  It was geared more towards kids/families. The staff member gave me a swag bag with binoculars and a magnifying glass even though I didn't have kids. The activities looked fun.  All of the staff were knowledgeable and friendly.  
I saw several groups of deer that were pretty close.  I followed the walk and then ventured on a different trail on my own. It was a pleasant place to be! The trails were fairly easy.  I was told by a few staffers that it would be hard to get lost! 
Most of the events are geared towards kids/families. A preschool is onsite so lots of kids are around during the week. Hopefully, more adult programs will be added.
NOTE: dogs are NOT allowed
Love this place! Went today to escape the crazy winds and cold with the two munchkins that I watch! We went into the discovery center where there 1 1/2 year old loved see under dirt and plants! She also loved going through the tunnel! There's not a crazy amount of things to do in the discovery center but they still loved it! Cannot wait to go back when the weather is nicer to go on the trails and explore everything else they have!
