Mea culpa, mea culpa, mea culpa.

I give Philly a hard time, I know.  But every time I come here, it wins me over a little bit more.  And it does it with places like this park.

This is a gem of a park along the Schuylkill River and it must extend pretty far, although I've only run it from the dog park near Spruce Street up as far as Girard.  

There are so many beautiful views along the river...the boathouses, the dam, the Art Museum, bridges, etc.  There are plenty of places to sit and enjoy nature, there's the giant dog park that looks like a lot of fun for dogs and plenty of space to enjoy being outside.  

One thing I really like is that the bicyclists here are more respectful than the ones on the Hudson Greenway up in NYC.  They seem to realize they're on a narrow recreational path and not participating in the Tour De France so I really enjoyed seeing how everyone (runners, walkers, bikers) shared the path.

I'm glad it's not terribly crowded because it's so nice but seriously, everyone in all of Philadelphia should be here every weekend to enjoy this gem you have in the heart of your dirty little city.
What a beautiful place.  It seems to have a little something for everyone.

It has a community garden (don't get too excited, long wait list), basketball courts, tennis courts, baseball/softball field, a leash-free dog run, a kiddo playground, plenty of benches and it seems to be well-maintained and clean.  A real asset to the residents of the area.

I like to walk here and take a book to read.  Lots of nice spots to sit, both in and out of the sun.  It's not as crowded as Rittenhouse Square, so while the people watching may not be as good, the serenity is better.

If you live in the area, I highly recommend.
If this park wasn't so close to railroad tracks, and highways overhangs, I'd be surprised that not too many people know about it. but despite it's location Schuylkill River Park might just be the best park in the city. It's huge so huge and very well maintained.

There are plenty of park benches and grass for people to sit on, and there's a trail that easily connects everything that the park has to offer. Inside you'll find basketball courts, a great tennis court, and a great playground for kids to play on. But my favorite thing about the park is the serene community garden.

Shuylkill River Park is also a paradise for dog's and their owners. they will get a kick out of running along the patches of green. but there's also a good sized dog bowl for them to run around and make some friends in.
Beautiful women and men alike running, riding, rolling along our awesome water supply. This place is the spot. I am here 4-6 times a week riding along at a pace that far to fast to be safe. go here.
I play tennis on the courts here all the time.  They are the closest ones to my house.  There's only two and they are not in the best shape, but I'll take what I can get.  They are super busy on nice days after work or in the afternoon on weekends.  The trick is to get there at off-peak times.  If you don't mind waiting, just sit in the grass and read a book, or people watch.  I like watching the dogs run around the dog park.  They are working on a bridge to connect it to the beginning of the river path!
I discovered Schuylkill River Park when looking for public tennis courts in the city, so my rating is for the tennis courts although the rest of the park is beautiful and looks really well maintained.

The tennis courts are nice quality, well-kept hard courts. There are only two courts (hence my 4-star not 5-star rating) - so while they are free and convenient, there can be a wait to play during peak hours (after work and on weekends). 

People who play here regularly have a system where they just chill out on the grass to the side of the courts and people are courteous to wait their turn in the order they came. Also, if there's a time that's really busy, people do tend to shorten their play time to allow people waiting to have a chance to play.

Overall, the courts and the park feel very safe, seem well-maintained, and sit in the middle of a peaceful and young family-oriented neighborhood that seems great to live in.

Final thoughts...
for tennis, these are great public courts. Be prepared for a bit of a wait during peak times, but a great location and convenient to park nearby.
Sit on a metal bench and stare at the dirty river.. 

Eat sushi, count cars on the highway and forget things..

Try not to think about concrete or broken glass or obese people..

I hear this thing is going to stretch past the industrial plant and the Pathmark all the way to Bartram's Gardens..

It'll be a joy.
It seems a lot of cities are now building these Riverwalks, aren't they?

This is no exception. Even though the city is still working on this park it is a fantastic green space area to bring your dog or recreate for yourself. The park's proximity to Center City does not hurt either.

I enjoyed the serene views of the river, and it really brings out Philadelphia's personality and charm. Passing alongside industry, the Art Museum, 30th St. station, all with terrific glimpses of the city's underrated skyline makes for a fine new addition to a city that so badly needs one.

Definitely take advantage of this park if you can.
A well maintained park, specially the dog park. There is a big dog area for the bigger and active dogs, and another smaller area for the less active pets. The area is clean, well maintained, and the owners pick up after their pets. They also have a couple of basketball courts and tennis court as well, and a playground to boot. There is a parking lot by the park, and the entire park is wheelchair / handicap accessible.
This park is pretty sweet. It's compact but hey it's in center city!

I've taken my baby niece to the toddler play area several times. The equipment is safe and easy for babies to maneuver. Swings, slides, steps. Life is good.

There's always bound to be some weird parent or child creepin around but I guess that's to be expected.
This is a great park located along the Schuylkill River. There is a huge playground for kids and another one for toddlers. I love taking my son here to play, to watch the dogs run around in the dog-walking pen, stroll through the community garden if it's open, or just watch the big guys play basketball or tennis--he loves watching them through the fence! There is also a big, open, grassy area for anything else. I think there is also some kind of building next to the playground that may have restrooms or tables inside--not sure about that one. As far as the train tracks go, whenever a train is going past, all the little one's are facsinated and stop in their tracks (no pun intended) to watch it go by. Sometimes we forget how cool things like that were when we were so young....
A true sanctuary- this park offers respite on my walks home from work. The community garden is inspiring and I love all of the activity from the tennis and basketball courts to the playground and dog park where strangers gather to watch pups play along the bridge.
What a great park and running trail!  I did a 5K from the dog park (start of the river park) up to the MoMA / Rocky Steps!  Views along the river made for a spectacular run!  It's nice that the trail is clean and safe!  I felt safe even during times when no one else was in sight.  The paved running trail is free of potholes and is a fast, flat run.  

Loved this run!
I love this place! I usually take my bike to enjoy it. I enjoy seeing the trains that come by too. This weekend(16th) they are having a cool interactive art. They are Glowing orbs that we can touch , sit and make change colors. I'm heading down to check it out after dark!
Surrounded by natural beauty, Schuylkill River Park is a wonderful escape from the urban jungle, right in the heart of Center City, Philly. Featuring one of the city's best dog parks, with separate open run areas for both larger & smaller dogs, as well as a modern colorful & safe playground space for the kiddies, basketball courts for the young adolescent and adult set, and a lovely riverside path for running, biking, walking or a sunlit picnic with friends, when the weather cooperates. Winter, Spring, Summer or Fall - this park is a wonderful resource for earth lovin' city dwellers.
This place is sort of a hidden gem to me!  I've been running on the Schuylkill but somehow missed this!  This has a more renovated looking pier perfect for biking, running and walking.  Many people just lay out in the sun and read.  In the adjacent park, there is a plentiful amount of things to do - (2) tennis courts (no time limit, no waiting system), dog park, playgrounds.  We went to play tennis and also walked along the water.  This place is certainly busy and crowded over the weekends, but safe and clean.  This is a must stop if your already on your way to look at the boathouses on the River.
Whether it's me tanning here during my lunch or coming here on the weekend for a run or a bike ride I consider this trail by far the most sophisticated and most scenic in Philly. Best thing is they KEEP expanding it. Not sure how far it will go but it's close to South Philly already. I am super excited and can't wait to see the completion of the entire project.
best place in philly to hike/run! great views, good vibes. if you love being by the water, this park is for you. 

also love the dog parks! two separate ones - one for small dogs and one for big dogs. so cute to watch them play! great place for kids.
This park is fantastic enough to make me want to move back to the Rittenhouse/ Graduate Hospital area! Whenever I have a few free hours or want to smile until my cheeks hurt, I bring my handsome mutt here for some fun. I obviously come here for the dog park. There's a big dog area and a small dog area, and I only bring my jack russell to the small dog area. This is a clean, well kept dog park with plenty of benches and even trees for ample shade. I highly recommend coming here!
