Whoever said, "nothing good comes for free" has never "frolfed," or frisbee golfed. It's the best thing I've ever used my free money on. By writing this review, I'm disregarding my friend's wishes. "Whatever you do, don't tell Yelp about this!" they pleaded. They don't want everyone to find out about this local treasure.

Regardless, I'm about to let everyone in on a secret. If you haven't ever gone to Sedgely Woods for an afternoon of frolf, you're missing out on the most amazing experience. 

There are 18 holes and each person launches their frisbee from a starting point towards the hole. I can't throw a frisbee well, but after the first few holes, you pick up different throwing techniques. Hole 11 is where the fun starts because from that point on, you're in the middle of the woods, often at the top of a steep drop where you're hurling your frisbee into the gigantic tree abyss below you. THEN, you run into the forest to retrieve your frisbee (how we managed to find it, I have no idea) and launch it once again towards the hole. From starting point to hole, there can be close to 300 yards distance! That's like 8 football fields! 

The regulars are really friendly and can help you along the way if you need it. You can buy or borrow frisbees once you get there, but make sure to take a few with you because you'll probably lose one to the woods.

As always, make sure you bring beer, water, and mosquito repellent.
Let me tell you something...I enjoyed this outing!  In the time of COVID of doing your best to stay sane; active and social distance..this was a perfect ACTIVITY for a group!

This was my 1st time playing and all the rest of my group were experts so that made it a fun time with them offering me tips on how to master a 'good throw'!

I enjoyed the walking around and it was cool to see other groups having a good time playing this game!

I am down to play in the future...hit me up players!
An instructional on how to play disc golf really well.

Hole 1: Fling your disc directly into the back of Silvie's head but pretend you didn't mean it. You obviously didn't. Silvie will trip a little and pretend it doesn't hurt. It does hurt, but pain is good. We grow from pain. Lesson one of disc golf.

Hole 2: Dan launches his disc in the most perfectly angled manner and it lands 10 feet from the hole. He pumps his fist with purpose, grunts "yeah," then races off to finish his quick victory. No one likes a meathead. Don't be an outcast.

Hole 3: Silvie gets angry and throws her disc in the woods. She lights a cigarette, puts it out and scarfs a bag of "granola." Make sure the food you eat is food you prepared. Unless of course you're homeless and hungry, in which case eat whatever you can.

Hole 4: Mutton Chop's airborne torpedo whizzes by Linda's face and nearly wipes her eyebrows off. She submits and digs for her 40. Always bring beer, you never know what'll get you down.

Hole 5: Afro Sprout tosses her disc underhand. It's airborne for .0000002 seconds. Bringing along a less than stellar player by which to judge your substandard performance is advisable. 

Hole 6: It seems you've miraculously gotten the disc within scoring distance in just one throw. That's really well done. You deserve a drink. In fact, several. Bartender, make it one for my friend and one for me. 

Hole 7: Aren't the woods beautiful? Yeah, for rapists. Wear bright clothes that contrast with the trees. Neons work well. 

Hole 8: Brauny expends all his flaming man-power and the disc soars out of the woods and into the parking lot. You don't have to be straight to love disc golf. 

Hole 9: You're thirsty for beer. Take a 20 minute recess to go buy it. No one judges you in disc golf.

Hole 10-14: Silvie's been missing since hole 3. She turns up for a minute, half naked wearing a bloody fox, then slips again into the forest. Linda's disc lands in a bird's nest. Oh wait, that's Silve's hair. Disc golf is like interpretive dance. Make it your own. 

Hole 15: You're getting so good you throw 2 discs at the same time. Double hole in one. Well done, you.

Hole 16&17: Ask for the Coviello cookie special. Thank me later.

Hole 18: Wow, you've really made it. Congratulations. The sun's probably setting and the trees sway with desire. Go ahead, give it one last go. Hole in one like it's your birthday.
The Friends of Sedgely Woods turned this forgotten about part of Fairmount Park into a challenging and well-kept course for local disc golfers. And, in keeping with the tradition of the sport, it's absolutely free. Amateurs are welcome to test their frisbee skills on this 18-hole course any time of year, but the FSW also hosts a number of tournaments for pros from across the country. 

Here's the deal:

The idea of the sport is to get your frisbee in a metal basket at the far end of each hole. There are different weights of frisbees, including putters, drivers, and all kinds of specialty discs, designed for rolling and other tough situations. 

Since its beginnings in the 70s, the sport has often been associated with hippies and other "free-spirits," but disc golf today attracts all kinds of players, most of them just looking for an excuse to get outside for some fresh air, all without spending the kind of cash you would if you were playing "regular" golf.
I'm not much of a disc golfer, but my boyfriend is.  So on nice days when I decide that my left arm doesn't hurt enough and he doesn't spend enough time crawling around in the bushes looking for things that I lose, I tag along with him to Sedgely.

The course is really pretty and  well taken care of.  There are a bunch of friendly regulars hanging out near the bulletin board who are full of information.  I think the layout of the course is confusing as all get out.  I never have any idea where to go for the next hole, and the sign telling you where the next one is located at the tee rather than the basket.  Lucky for me, boyfriend knows his way around the park or I'd probably end up playing several of the same holes over again before losing all of my discs and giving up.  The back 9 takes you into some lovely, dark, and deep woods.  From what I've heard about Tyler, I'd agree with Jason that Sedgely is a much easier course, but it's super close to home and It would take my about 10 throws to even get within putting range at Tyler.  I think I'll stick with hiking when I'm out there. 

Like Monica said, bring beverages, snacks, and bug spray.  I have two mosquito bites on my forehead that I will not soon be forgetting.  I also recommend hiking shoes.  You do a fair amount of running up and down hilly areas with make shift steps and lots of vines and tree roots.
I'll admit, I've never played the game, but I ride my bike by here all the time, and during the winter, when it's empty, I'll walk my dogs through all the trails.  In the summer this place is buzzing, any given Sunday there will be a huge tournament going on that expands to the field across the street.  Having walked around this park enough I can say the people keep it clean and take care of it all around.  If you're into Disc Golf, or Frolf, or whatever you call it, this is a great place to try.  Drive up, plenty of parking or take the bus!
Not a bad place to go for a newbie or the occasional weekend warrior, but with Sedgely's straightaways and short courses, it gets quite boring once you've developed any kind of skill.  It's a pleasant enough time though, but for a better experience I recommend Tyler Park in Newtown.
Really fun, and friendly staff. To rent a disc it was $2. It was my first time -- so i was struggling really hard. Throwing frisbees in crazy directions... this aint no Wii disc golf (my only previous experience). I got kind of lost a few times, going in the wrong directions -- but the staff is there to help (at the front).

There are some crazy competitive disc golf folks there -- just steer clear and let them do their thing ;)
If not the best actual in-city disc golf course I've been then it's real close.  This place was packed on our visit but the pace of play moved quickly.  The course can be really tough for a first time visitor with many blind drives.  It was actually better than we played behind another group so we could tell where throw to on each hole.  

The holes are not very long for the most part but most shots are pretty technical through small windows in the trees.  

Definitely a great place to play and easy to get to from the city or from outside without having to go through downtown, best of both worlds.
