I've been bringing Giles, my little dogman, to Seger since I got him last June. Aside from being the most convenient/closest dog park, it's great in that there's an even distribution between mulch and rocks. 

See, the thing is, after every visit to the glorified, however less-convenient Schuylkill River park, I find my tissues filled with gross black stuff. Relax, it's from all the dust (it's an all-rock dog park). So, as you can imagine, I'm a fan of Seger because I'm sure to come away with clean tissues after every experience. 

Just a warning for all the Seger virgins, don't park your car alongside the park. The bike cops hide in corners all day waiting for their next victim. I think it's a pretty big ticket too. 

All in all, Seger is a great park with tons of regulars. In fact, you'll be able to find me there about twice a day. I have a 1-year-old vizsla named Giles. He's really friendly and so am I, so say hi!
Seger Park hosts a children's playground, basketball court, and dog park. The playground has been recently updated, and features colorful and safe play equipment including slides, bars etc, and a soft ground surface. The basketball court is often in use and really creates a sence of neighborhood. The dog park - which was created by the community -  has a small and large dog area and is a great asset to the neighborhood. A great park all in all.
Now, I don't own a dog, but I went with a friend who does.

This is the most magical place on earth.
Seriously, a place where tons of dogs run around and have fun and meet you and meet other dogs?! I guess this goes for any dog park, but I don't think I'd really ever been to one before.

I met so many awesome dogs. I would come here to hang out, but I don't think that's socially acceptable.
This is the backyard that I wish I could give my dog. I want to give my little man the best I can, and unfortunately what is lacking is adequate outdoor space for him to run around. Seger is perfect for both him and myself, it's just a few short blocks from home, and it's a guaranteed play date any time of day. I love that Harvey has his set morning, afternoon, and evening friends; he also has a second crew on the weekends, some that he loves to wrestle with and others that he can rile up into a running frenzy.

This is a membership sponsored park that receives very little funding by way of the budget allotted to Seger Park as a whole. This means that projects come together at a bit of a slower pace until money is raised to make them happen. Members try to maintain the park as best they can when they can, whether it's picking up a broom to sweep or the dreaded Wednesday trash day. I have no problem paying the yearly dues for Harvey to enjoy the facilities, he gets so much for the money that I pay and I wish that more park-goers felt the same way and would donate.

I'll keep bringing Harv-man here, because it's what keeps him a happy dog. Happy dog = happy mama. It's great having this park so close to home, and has become a part of our daily routine...if you have a dog, or a friend with a dog, this is the place to be.
Segar Park is small but it has a lot going for it.  Two basketball courts, two tennis courts (must be a tennis club member), a dog park and a playground for kids.  I'm mostly interested in the playground since my daughter will soon be of the age to command me as her personal 'swing pusher'.  

There are three different sets of playground equipment for different age groups, each is fenced off from the other to prevent older kids from running down 1yr olds.  A combination of rubber and wood chips are under all the play areas but the majority of the kids park is pavement, with a small hill of grass next to the dog park.  

There is also a mini splash park in the center of Segar where water sprays and drips from geometric shapes.  I enjoy going here with Maya with our lunches and watch the kids run through the spray.  One day my little Maya is gonna do that... only better.
Serger Park has my all time favorite playground to bring my son Kaden. There's actually three separate jungle gym areas, for kids of different ages. I love the area for the real little guys....it has a jungle gym with two slides and a tunnel. And importantly, it's low enough to the ground so that I don't have to worry about Kaden falling, and he is proud to be able to climb up the stairs and go down the slide all by himself. I love bringing my son here, he always has a ball running around and playing with other the kids. It's always a positive experience.
To be completely fair this is the only dog park I have made it out to since moving to Philly, one cause of covid two cause it's closest to my apartment. While this dog park may not have actually grass, they have a whole lot more. They have a built in dog water fountain, newly laid mulch thanks to volunteers and donations, community events, a time out area when your dog decides to be a psycho (mine spends a lot of time there lol), poop bags, and plenty of trash cans. I also forgot that they also have plenty of seating, and the seats are far enough apart where you can sit and not worry about getting the Rona!  I could not recommend this park more. If you come here a lot like me, you can also become a member and donate money. The money as you can read at the park goes to mulching, dog bags, and other such things and community events. I could not speak more highly of this park if I wanted to.
Great little park! It took me a while to discover this park, but once I did, I've gone back many times. They have two tennis courts, which can be hit or miss if they are occupied. I have played on it twice and only waited a little one time. You can reserve courts if you are a member, I think. 

There's also a nice dog park where one that is dogless like myself can go and watch the dogs play and get extremely jealous! The rest of the park is a playground for kids and it is a pretty decent one! I went here recently with my friend and his daughter and she had a great time on the swings, the slides, and climbing around on the rest of the equipment. Everyone is pretty friendly and kids were waiting their turns nicely. 

Minus one point for no bathrooms being open on a Sunday afternoon.
If there's one thing missing from the majority of parks in Philly it's a good set of tennis courts. But fortunately Seger Park has two well maintained courts, and Tennis club that you can become a member of.

Seger is more concrete than green. But it still has plenty of activities for you to take part in like basketball and tennis. There's also a good playground layout for the kids, plenty of sitting space, and a mini dog park that's perfect for your pooch. Seger also has a HUGE flea market around it every so often in the Spring and Summer.
I'm a local dog walker in the area and I've spent many hours with dogs in this park playing fetch and cuddling with a lap dog.  It's a cute local park and it's fairly well maintained, I heard rumors that the park was going to replace the wood chips/dirt surface with AstroTurf similar to Spruce St Park, I'm unsure if it ever happened because I came for about a year 6 months ago, I haven't been recently.  The wood chip surface gets muddy and dirty in the rain and snow so for that reason I prefer Spruce St Park, also that is a slightly larger park than Seger.  I have noticed more dog to dog scuffles in Seger than in Spruce, probably because at times, there are 15 dogs in this rather small park and I have also had to protect a Yorkshire Terrier from bigger dogs picking on her, as she wasn't a fan of the teeny dog park. The doggy water fountain is nice. It would be nice if there were public restrooms at this park and a water fountain for people!  
The benches are nice to sit and rest on.  The location is good, near Washington Square and close to nearby shopping including Acme, South St shops and close to the Jefferson Hospital/PA Hospital area.  I did hear that a dog was snatched by wrongdoers at this park but was fortunately reunited with its owners, I guess that can happen when you're not paying attention to your dog and the park took it seriously.  Cute park, always eager to have me pay dues because I'm a walker but I'm pretty sure it's free to the public and that part is optional.
Our favorite Center City playground & on a regular rotation due to its very close proximity to Whole Foods.  It's even nicer now after a complete renovation of the children's playgrounds.  They redid both play areas & there are some neat new additions like the rope climbing area & cool swing thing.

There are also tennis courts & a dog run here, so basically something for everyone.  I especially like the new benches they installed.  Very roomy.  I'm easily impressed.
This review is from my dog, ROSIE. I love my dog run . Thanks to our owners and members, we've got new mulch and way better drainage.  Our folks keep us supplied with tennis balls and empty our trash cans regularly .  We also have our very own water fountain.  Best of all , we have sun and shade areas.  It's the spot for socializing for us dogs and our pals. We're some lucky pups!  I'm on the large size but my little buddies have their own safe space too!  Thanks to  members of SPDOA for all their hard work.
i am becoming a regular at this doggy park. i like it and so does my pup. there's a few benches to sit and it appears well maintained any time i have visited.
Love this playground! There is a section for just about everyone -Adults, dogs, older kids, and younger kids. The best part is that it is always clean and well maintained. Nothing to complain about!
I went here a few months ago with my Maltichon (Maltese/Bichon) pup as a play date with one of my friends who has a Yorkie-Poo, as she suggested the dog park.

It was a bit hard to find. I literally had to walk around the whole Seger Park and later learned the entrance was on one of the smaller streets. However, when I first walked it, I immediately regretted taking my pup here on that particular day. I didn't realized that the place was filled with dirt and since it had been snowing a few days before, the place was entirely filled with mud. My puppy is purely white and she's rather small, so the mud didn't appeal to me at all. But I figured, I might as well let her play since we were already there. The bigger dogs didn't really take note of her, and she didn't really care for them either. She was too busy playing with their owners.

I wanted to like this dog park, but I don't know if it was because I came when the weather was bad or because there were only larger dogs there and I was terrified of her getting hurt. They did have a much smaller area where dogs could be separated, but I only learned that a few minutes upon leaving.

Maybe I'll take her to try out the dog park again on a better day.
My cousin and her husband brought their two year old daughter up to visit us two weeks ago today. As soon as they walked into our house, their daughter says: "I want to go to the park." Apparently, they had parked next to Palumbo Playground. "No problem!" I agreed. We had planned to take her to the park and then Santucci's. We walked down our street only to find that Palumbo didn't open until 1:30. The face I saw on this two year old made my heart break. I used my trusty Yelp app and found that Seger was not only close, but open! It was a great day - there are three jungle gyms to play on and a nice swing set. There is also plenty of space to run around. Some kids were mean, but that's the nature of the playground community. :)
seger park is one of my favourite parks in this city!

no condom wrappers, no syringes, no empty 20 bags on a saturday morning...'s'wonderful.

i do believe it is little dude's fave, too.
Seger Dog Park is my first experience with a dog park.  I took my dogs there while I was visiting Philadelphia for a couple days.  I greatly enjoyed having somewhere with some space for the dogs to be able to roam around without their leashes on.  The girls (my dogs) got along with all of the other dogs and the dog owners seemed very friendly.  There were plenty of there of poop bags provided all over the park to pick up your dogs business.  One person's dog started to get somewhat aggressive and she took the dog out of the park immediately.  There were benches around to have a seat while your pups wandered around which was nice. I recommend stopping here with your dogs if you are in town and need somewhere for them to roam.  The only downside was that it was a bit muddy when I went and I had to clean their paws off.
Great city park! 

I moved out of the area, but I used to love bringing my dog here. The dog park was well taken care of, clean and (mostly) friendly. The association made a few improvements during the two years I lived near the park including new mulch and landscaping and a new small dog area. I witnessed a few aggressive incidents but you'll have that with any dog park. Owners were respectful each time and removed their dog when he or she acted out. The park is a little on the small side for the number of people in the area with dogs so it does get a little cramped. 

There is a playground area that was newly renovated in 2013 with kid-friendly swings, slides, etc. I also played tennis a few times here and the courts are in good shape. There are only 2 courts so choose wisely on when you want to go.
Great park for children and dogs but wouldn't recommend otherwise. It's nice that there's a safe, fenced in area for smaller children too.
I frequent Seger Park to use their dog park. This place gets only this high of a rating because there's almost no competition for dog parks in this city. Albeit I don't think most cities are incredibly dog friendly, but having a dog in Philadelphia is especially difficult, which is why I am forced to use this area almost daily. It is maintained by volunteers and donations and it is a relatively nice area. The provided tennis balls and doggie water fountain are really appreciated (when the fountain works.) Overall, the space is incredibly small, and the area for the "small breeds" is about the size of my bathroom. It is great in the warm and dry months but unfortunately right now in late December the place is a straight up mud pit (at least I tell myself it's only mud.) It requires me to give my water-hating Boston Terrier more frequent baths than I would like. Also, I could do without the large signage prohibiting un-neutered/spayed dogs featuring a cartoon dog with enlarged and inflamed...ahem...testicles. 

Bottom Line: Definitely worth going to if you live in the area and need an place for your pooch to run around off leash. But don't expect anything fabulous.
Another great dog park in the city of Brotherly Love.  Seger Park is a neighborhood run park that stays clean and friendly.  Although they ask for donations, the park is open to the dog owning pubilc and is small but situated well in that they maximize the space they have.  This park has a mulch base, which is relatively clean if your dog stays on his feet.  My Harry Dog (tends to lead other dogs to chase him so much he ends up skidding on the ground and rolling.  

They have a water bowl that's hooked up to water so it's endlessly refillable and benches for you to sit and watch your pup play.  So far each time I've gone the owners are responsible and attentive.  There's also a little guy area for pups too small to play with the big guys.  In my opinion this area is small, but if you have a puppy it probably seems huge to them.  

Our trick when I go with Harry is we park in Whole Foods and walk over.  However we're coming from Fairmount so the walk is pretty far.  I'd definitely bring your dog to check this place out - there aren't enough dog parks in Philly - we take what we can get and luckily this one is pretty nice.
This is the best place to take your pup in center city!  There are great spots to walk around with your dog (Rittenhouse and Washington Square, to name two), but Seger Park is fenced in so your dog can run around off leash and play with his canine pals.  It's clean and pretty well maintained, considering that it's not city funded but based entirely on membership contributions (which is the only negative in that membership is not required and a lot of people don't even know that there's a membership fee at all because it's not well advertised).  

The people are really friendly too, so while your dog is playing, you can talk to all the other owners- I've definitely met a ton of people here, and if you go every day like I do, you'll definitely recognize the regulars.

Highly recommended!
Glad I have couple doggie run near me. I appreciate having this park close to me. Compare to the one by river, this one doesn't not have separate doggie run so it might be not suitable for small dogs but my 7 pounds baby loves go there and hang out with big dogs. I did not have any bad experiences there so far, big dogs there behave so well and gentle with my small baby.  They play so well together and we had a great time however you just never know. C

I met some cool people there, they were every friendly. It's not artificial grass so her paws got dirty after playing there and sometimes it stink.
My niece is almost 3 years old and had so much fun here. This is one of the best playgrounds that I have seen in the City. It is well kept and there is a section of playground equipment for the little ones (under 5) and then another section for the bigger kids (I believe 5 to 12). There is also a section for the dogs to play. There is plenty to keep the kids busy.
I really like this dog run. It's close by my place. It's well maintained. Friendly dogs friendly people. Water fountain for dogs. Some may say it's a tad bit small. But it's perfect when you want to get the dog out to run around and socialize but you don't feel like running yourself. If you want big. Then the Schuylkill River Dog Park at 2500 Spruce is close by.
After Harvey learned not only how to jump the fence, but crawl under the entrance to the I-95 dog park, I decided it was time to find a new place to have playtime. This park is absolutely fantastic for both dog and owner alike....the dogs can play for hours and the owners still go home well rested after a nice chat with respective owners on one of the many shaded benches or brick walls.

Harvey got schooled...I mean a chance...to learn that he's not always the fastest pup on the playground and had a great time splashing all of the water out of the dog bowl no matter how many times I went back to fill it for the other dogs. The fact that the whole place is woodchipped makes it nice and soft on the puppies pads and easy for poop cleanup, which let me tell you, I've never seen more attentive owners than the ones that frequent this park.

This is my new go-to, way better than fending off Old City happy hour goers and an equidistant walk from home as Front and Chestnut.
Best dog park in the city that we have experienced to date. Friendly, well mannered dogs and attentative, respectable owners. I was initially suspect of the wood chips but my pup doesn't  seem to mind and she leaves clean, happy and tired.
Convenient, clean, friendly dogs and owners.  It's a must have for my little fur-child! 

Having just moved from suburban Kansas, I was feeling pretty concerned about where he could go to get some energy out and this place is thee place.  Sure it's not covered in turf.  Nor does it have an interactive dog jungle gym and fountains bubbling over with peanut butter.

No, it's not fancy.   But it's also maintained and kept open by the loving volunteers and members that like having a place for neighborhood dogs to go.

What it does have is a large mulch filled running place, an area with benches for owners and a pebble covered area for digging and sniffing.  Also, there is a small shovel hanging on a tree for owners to clean up their dog's leavings.  How nice!  Overall,  the location is perfect for us Center City folks.  Go Segar!
Lovely recreation room at Seger Park holds a knitting, crochet, needlepoint, cross-stitch, embroidery (fiber arts) community-based meetup/workshop/circle every thursday from 7pm to 8:30.  It's a fun knitting circle/club/group. Great lighting for crafting and a lovely, down to earth, diverse crowd.  I shall return.

I will have to come back with my dog for the dog park some time.
Though I don't tend to spend much time in the other areas of this park, it seems the most-reviewed part of the place is the dog run anyhow, so I'll go with the flow.

More than anything, I love the fact that at pretty much any hour of the day, from morning til after dark (the park is pretty well-lit), you can find someone hanging out there with their fur-covered buddy.  My dog is a social animal (ha. ha.), so it's great to know that there's always someone there to play with.

While the mulch tends to stay pretty soggy after a rainfall (as opposed to gravel), it's still overall my vote for the best dog run material, since it's natural, softer, and easier for my little puppers to run and roll around in. 

My only word to the wise is regarding a certain species of dog-person that tends to frequent this run--the hyper-protective fainting type who will stare you down and leave immediately if their precious Princess FiFi gets chased, barked at or--sacre bleu!--humped!  But you'll pretty much find these characters at any dog park in a well-to-do area.

All in all, just a faaantastic place to chill with your pup.

(And if you've got a couple extra bucks, join the park's Dog Owners Association!  They are 100% responsible for the upkeep of the park, and deserve a hand for making it such a great place.)
Andrew,Lin,Clearly,
The are three of the pack members that attack other dog owners. Gang up physically assault.
They along with their unrully dogs harm other dog owners with false accusations. Their assault consistent with video after striking the dog owner to get reaction.
Be warned. It's a pack. They will extort money through court based on false accusations the pack will attack you here.
No (dog) shit
