Let me preface this review by saying, I have been going to Shane's since I was in my mother's womb. Literally. My parents bought all of our candy there for Christmas, Easter, etc. We'd get (and give) huge chocolate lollipops and chocolate santas, gigantic chocolate covered marshmallows, big bags of assorted sweets, and my favorite memory, personalized chocolate Easter egg "boxes" with candy inside -- always the center piece of our Easter baskets as kids. It was a kid's wonderland, the type of place where you gasped in pure joy when you walked in. Needless to say, when I found out it was closing I was beyond sad.  Then, when I found out it was being reopened by the Franklin Fountain guys, I was super excited! However.....

I appreciate and understand their concept, really. They obviously put a lot of time and effort into the business. But sadly, this is nothing like the original Shane's. Walking through the store this weekend was a thoroughly disappointing experience. It is not a kid's wonderland, but a cold, sterile, pharmacy-like atmosphere. Instead of tons and tons of candy there are tiny plates in the cases with a few measly pieces of candy that you pay for BY THE PIECE. $1.25 to $2.75 each for small chocolates, are you kidding? Yes, they are handmade, but they are by no means fantastic. They are equal quality to Asher's, Gertrude Hawk, and every other mall chocolate store. And the pieces are MUCH smaller than original Shane's candies. Selection is grim. I suppose their "claim to fame" are the clear candy toys, which are very pretty, but a novelty. $18 for a candy train car that a kid will find in his stocking and forget about the next day? Also, the people who work there are in period costume and while nice, are not very warm, friendly or knowledgable about candy or gift suggestions. We walked out with a few boxes of candy as gifts because we needed them, but will not be returning. My mom and I also walked out feeling very sad that this pretentious environment is what Shane's has been reinvented as. I wish the name went down with the previous owners, and the new ones called the store something else, because it pains me to associate "Shane" with this new concept. It couldn't be further away from the Shane's I grew up with. Sorry, but it's true.
I had such a craving on this frigid day today for the incredibly rich, decadent hot chocolate they serve up here at Shane's, the oldest continually run confectionary in the entire country!! 

While the 'Thomas Jefferson Nightcap' is a fan favorite, I prefer their chili pepper variety which is dairy free!! If you're vegan, this is for you!! You won't believe how insane it is! It's thick and creamy and such a treat! It has THEE perfect amount of kick and is cooked up with care on an old stove, in an old copper pot by a staff members dressed in period garb. It's actually more than a drink. It's an experience. 

The sugar & cardamom dusted fennel seed & crunchy chickpea single origin Guatemalan chocolate is my favorite thing in the entire store! It's sold by the piece and is Ana unbelievable. Oh, and it's dairy free! Vegans, don't shy away from this gem, there's plenty for us. 

I first heard about Shane years ago when we were gifted giant personalized buttercream and coconut cream eggs for Easter for our daughters. They are beautiful and boxed beautifully too. Consider gifting one for Easter instead of a basket full of mediocre store bought candy. This is a tradition my girls look forward to each and every spring and it's quite elegant ana lovely. 

Visiting Shane's in the heart of Olde City is such a special treat! Stepping into Shane's is like stepping back in time. Old fashion decor including scales ana cash registers. All the old fashion candy you remember having as a kid too. It's all such a trip down memory lane! It's wonderful! I always leave feeling so happy!! 

My favorite time to visit is for Valentines Day. I take my daughters and its a perfect Mommy/daughter date. I call it "Conversation & Conversation Hearts". 

In the summer we come and hit up Franklin Fountain next door also. Candy AND ice cream sever up vintage style? Yes please! (Oh, and they always have a vegan variety too)

If you're visiting from out of town, I say a trip here is a must!! They have really fun Philly inspired souvenirs including some of that hot cocoa to go! 

If you live in Philly and have never been, you will fall in love and want to return often! It's by far my favorite candy store in the entire city!!! It's the best EVER!
It's pretty bad when people get online and write bad reviews for a place because 
"A lot of their stuff seems to be made on the premises."  Seriously?!  This is what's wrong with America.  I just walked into Shane for the first time tonight and, as one small business owner to another, all I can say is... Thank You!  This is the kind of unique, fun establishment that makes Philly AMAZING.  I'm trying to curb my candy impulses until XMAS, but I did indulge in an anise candy cane... YUM!  Best ambiance of any candy store in Philly - hands down.  The guys stayed open for us late shoppers, even though my friend and I were asking tons of questions and probably being a general pain.  You know a place is cool when the people working there are so nice and happy.
It's so hard for me to believe that places like this are few and far between. Why is that? Who doesn't love old-fashioned candy/soda shops? I felt like Charlie from "Willy Wonka And The Chocolate Factory". Step back in time for some of the sweetest selections. Don't just stand in the front. Continue to walk to the back for more sweet treats. Sit down, take a load off and enjoy a Monticello Float: ice cream smothered in Thomas Jefferson's chocolate nightcap. Some may think it's a bit of steep price, but it was a very high-quality chocolate. It was rich deliciousness that danced in my mouth. Oh that smooth texture was on-point. I could have eaten another and another. There was a candymaker behind the corner that was mixing some other confectionary delights. Not only do I love historical establishments, but I also love when they haven't lost that time period flair. Now, back to the candy. I wish I had had all day to skip around tasting every bit of candy made, but sadly, I was just subject to being just a candy spectator. If you are visiting, come here and exercise your senses and give them a treat to remember!
Let's face it: what's one of the best things about Chocolate tours!? The CHOCOLATE of course! No matter where you go or what you have, chocolate will be there to make a great tour even better. Especially if it was at one of America's oldest candy stores (opened mid-18th century). Also, I strongly believe that no matter how one feels, there's always room for chocolate.
Last Friday, Nando F and I went to Shane Confectionery, for behind-the-scenes tour of the confectionery. 
Did some body say Tour?!!

I enjoyed exploring the store as much as I enjoyed learning the history of it, while I was eating my way around the confectionery- of course!
The tour:
- So far, every Friday at 6:30pm.
- $7.00 per person.
- You'll be introduced to the antique equipments still in-use, old taffy hook, and hundreds of clear toy candy molds. 
- You'll taste:  
a) Traditional house-made salted-caramel.
b) A taste of fresh ground cocoa beans.
c) Delectable buttercream (signature).
d) A Wilbur bud.
e) A teaspoon of Philadelphia Bee Co "wildflower honey".

The Shane Confectionery products:
- Thomas Jefferson Nightcap (without the Brandy; as Jefferson preferred): Chocolate Goodness, very rich and very-decadent. Now raise a glass (or an hot chocolate). You can buy a jar of it for $25.00 and enjoy it at home. 
- Fudge.
- Brandied Cherry 
- Milk, dark, & White Chocolate buttercream.
- Hand-dipped chocolate covered pretzels.
- Wrapped caramels.
... and more.

I want to get all the sweets in the store, and sensually shove them in my face.
Five Yelps.
AHEM.

WOO HOO!

Shane Candies has re-opened for business (and just in time for the Holidays too). Oh, my olde fashioned goodness (OMOeFG). Doesn't the renovated shop look ever so cute as a button? Yes, why, yes it does. Don't it? It do. It do. (With a cherry on top? Uh, OK.)

So, if you like the candy get on down to Shane Candies for some sweet treats ASAP.
This old time candy shop is every bit as cute 'n kitschy as everyone says.  With a sweet staff to match.  It wasn't a 'must-visit' on my obsessively culled Philly food stop list, but am glad we ultimately wound up here:

So yeah...  Hubby was a big fan of the thick, rich (too rich for moi) Hot Chocolate he treated himself to at the little cafe in the back of this shop. "It's made with 72% dark chocolate, with no added sugar!" he raved.  "It tastes just as good as the one from Jacques Torres," he elaborated, referring to his favorite NYC spot for Hot Chocolate.  

As he is prone to do, hubby had a friendly chat with the barista (or is it cocoarista?) while he was waiting for his drink.  She apparently described a Cocoa Nib Tea they offer, made from yes, you guessed it, ground Cocoa Nibs steeped in hot water.  

Meanwhile, the kid picked out some Rock Candy on a stick, while nothing really jumped out at Mama.  But since I sure as hell wasn't about to turn down the chance to snag some posh sweets, I went with a Lavender Caramel and a Thai Peanut Butter, both dark chocolate-covered.  Wound up trying them a few days later back in BK, and could not, for the life of me, remember what I chose.  Amazingly, as soon as I bit into each of them, I knew, simply based on how true they both tasted. Am all about robust, but well-balanced flavor and these chocolates really brought it.

Bottom line:  If you're in it for the 150 plus years history of this place, then a visit may well be worth your while.  If your main goal is chocolate 'n candy, however, you may be a bit underwhelmed by the selection, as I was.  I think I had some silly, unrealistic Willy Wonka-like expectations, though.  If only.:)
Memory is fleeting, but I'll never forget the pleasant surprise of drinking a sample of Tuscan Jasmine hot chocolate that turned out to be the best hot chocolate I had had in my life, only to have it replaced a few seconds later when I sipped a Thomas Jefferson's Chocolate Nightcap. The grated orange peel cooked with the Tuscan Jasmine imparted a fragrant aroma and added a subtle hint of orange flavor, which I thoroughly appreciated because it in no way overpowered the chocolate taste. The thicker consistency of the Thomas Jefferson's Chocolate Nightcap reflected its higher concentration of chocolate per volume, invading my senses to surrender. Shane's hot chocolates made me feel afloat in a wonderland where there's no worry or problem. There's only me, my cup of TJ, and a square of orange blossom marshmallow that tastes delicious on its own or dipped in the decadent thickness of the TJ hot chocolate. The vintage decor added to my surreal experience. I wished I didn't have to go home, but alas, I had to return to reality. At least I brought some candies from Shane to keep me company until the next time I return. So far, I am impressed by the quality of the assorted candies, especially the candied orange peel dipped in dark chocolate, rose bonbon, and dark chocolate honey lavender caramel. Many brands and candy stores often offer certain flavors with the products tasting nothing like the advertised flavors. However, Shane delivers every flavor with perfection. I could smell and taste the rose oil in the rose bonbon and the lavender extract in the honey lavender caramel, a rare feat worthy of praise.

I will also give credit where it's due. My experience at Shane would not have been as perfect if it weren't for the friendly, patient, and knowledgeable staff. Shane Candies truly is a gem in the City of Brotherly Love.
I stopped by here today because my blood sugar was feeling dangerously low and I was also feeling amazingly generous and thought I would try for mom of the year by buying my kids some candy. But lo! This is a chocolate lovers paradise. Lots of stuff out for Easter (since I am a a full-fledged member of the tribe, this doesn't really do it for me but I appreciate it nonetheless). I mean, bunnies, eggs, ducks and lambs a-plenty, and the best part is they are made from sugar and you can eat them all! That is a plus for me, as I'm on a real sweets kick at the moment.

The woman who was there was helpful, and it's really, really old inside. But the candy is as fresh as a spring day, and if you like to get a sugar buzz or just like to stroll down memory lane, make sure to make a detour to this little joint.
We LOVE this place and always will.
The Berley Brothers rock!

Excellent gummy bears (seriously - the best my 11 year old has ever tried) and great chocolate treats.

Packaging, music, decor and experience is second to none.
LOVE IT HERE!
Wow! just, WoW! 
Everything you want, artisan 'glass' candies, candy toys. 1/2 prices Easter bunnies, Turkish delights........... everything you can imagine and more. 
All the candies you had as a kid and cant find... hell, even the candies your grandmother had. 
Everyone that works here is a dream. Very professional but not rigid, informative but not pushy. Im sure they must get a kick out of the hoards of adults that completely lose their mind and revert to a cool age of 7 when they enter the doorway. 
Seriously.... a dream come true. 
The receipt was good for 10% OFF at Franklin Fountain. I would have gone right away but there was a line.....out the door....:)
OH MAN. Best chocolates ever.

What a great little shop on Market Street. Beautiful chocolates line the immaculate cases while staff, dressed in old fashioned garb, patiently wait and answer questions from people like me who stand there gawking at the chocolates. I may have thrown in some bad jokes about how I could never work there because I would eat everything. 

Anyway, what struck me as slightly unusual is that everything I saw was priced per piece and not per pound. This was perfect for me, though, because I only wanted two or three pieces anyway so I could sample items I know I love -- mainly, anything with caramel and/or sea salt. So, even though I spent like $4 on three pieces of candy, it was worth it. 

I highly recommend stopping in to get a chocolate fix or to pick up a lovely gift for someone. They have plenty of pre-packaged candies ready and they are probably more than happy to create a custom box of chocolates.
Shane Candies is kind of like that ugly dog that's just so cute you have to love it, but really it's got just an okay temperament and it doesn't reciprocate your love in the way you would want it to.

Shane's has a cute interior that harkens back to to pre-soda fountain days where candy maids wore bonnets and puffy sleeves. The chocolate selection would rival Willy Wonka's and vintage (like 1900s) options abound - including some wintergreen candy that's hard and dissolves into a taffy-like substance.

But really, though the buttercreams were fine, that's all they were. They were mel-ty and chocolate-y and filled with decadent mousse-y flavors like strawberry, peanutbutter and coffee. Alas, for whatever reason, they just tasted like chocolate.

So if you need a quick sugar fix, Shane's is your best bet. It's cute. It's friendly. And the chocolate is just fine.
A delightful old-school candy shop that is modeled (like the neighboring and I think partner business Franklin Fountain) to feel like it's from like the 1700s. The people in the store all wear vintage clothes and the signs, bags, packaging, etc are all old school. We were very charmed by the whole shop, which is decorated with old signs, advertising, etc. While we were there, we bought some of the chocolate covered marshmallows for my dad (who really liked them), some almond covered toffee, which was very good, some nonpariiels or however you spell that and some sour cherries. It was all very good. I don't know how much of it they actually make on site but I really loved the charm of the place.

Pro tip! If you buy something at Shane Confectionery and show your receipt over at the Franklin Fountain, you get a 10 percent discount! Who doesn't like cheaper ice cream?
Don't be afraid to go behind the counters at Shane Candies - it's encouraged! This old-fashioned sweet shop will be a delightful surprise to anyone looking for fudge, Swedish fish or an assortment of chocolates (fruit & nut, perhaps?)
Solid royal Spanish cocoa drinking chocolate in the back that took a while and cost $6.40. Score 10% off at Franklin Fountain down the block with your receipt ( and vice versa ), so plan accordingly based on where you plan to spend more. They also have prepackaged/ grab&go Franklin fountain sandwiches/etc if you can't bear that line.
Adorable, classy, and delicious!  Their vanilla buttercreams are like little Cadbury cream eggs, their "caramarsh" (a layer of marshmallow, a layer of caramel, dipped together in chocolate) were insane, and their salted caramels were smooth and creamy.  Excellent.

Their candy isn't cheap, due to the love (read: labor) that goes into them... but that kept me from getting a thousand, so that actually is a pro!  

The store itself is adorable, I love the presentation of each candy (particularly the jars of brightly colored gummies)... but some music would be nice!  We were the only people in there and the silence was... eerie.  Not enough to keep me away, though!
When a woman who is dressed in olden timey, puffy sleeved clothing very earnestly offers you something that is dark chocolate with cayenne pepper inside, you should take it, and then buy a paper sleeve of it, because it's way better tasting than the concept sounds. And then you can spend the next few days cursing the fact that it's in a paper sleeve, because that means the candy rolls out, because paper and a cute little sticker do not a sturdy container make. Yes, you could just put it in a plastic bag, but then it wouldn't be in its cute, olden timey paper sleeve!

Oh, and the bridge mix is insane. I don't know what inspired my husband to want it (in that I don't think he's the bridge playing type) but it was a good call. There are all sorts of exciting caramel things and nuts in there, in milk and dark chocolate. Don't be afraid it's all weird old lady fruits. That was my concern, given the fact that this place sells several high concept old school candies that look like they are honestly meant to taste like a piece of bark or something else very harsh that people used to suck on back in 1911, like, I don't know, folded up paper and laudanum.

While I'm not usually swayed by the handlebar mustache brand of hipster fun*, these people are nice and know their shit, and there appears to be an actual history being acknowledged here, not just a bunch of fanciful youths who like to act out their version of the Renaissance Fair in a grand, candy shop format. Sure, it's kind of expensive, but it's well-made, and you probably shouldn't eat six pounds of it anyway. I'm kind of sad I've never really been to Philadelphia before, because I would've liked to have seen this place pre-transformation for comparison. That said, this was good stuff. So there.

*because it reminds me of "the dream of the 1890s is alive," that Portlandia sketch, and some generally unsmiling, rigid adherence to some concept or time period, and that makes me feel weird, because people who are rigid and unsmiling in some obscure, esoteric pursuit are sort of unintentionally hilarious.
I was so excited to receive my online order from Shane Candies, after watching a TV program about them... only to be extremely disappointed.

My order consisted of two boxes of each...  the Caramel Assortment (good), Pumpkin Buttercream (OK, but sort of runny), and the Pumpkin Fudge (absolutely horrible!) The fudge was extremely dry, crumbly, stale tasting, with little-to-no pumpkin flavor... even though it had a "best by" date of 1/3/15 and we tried it the day we received it.

We had to throw all the fudge away, as it tasted so bad!  If you knew my family, you would know that we NEVER throw anything with sugar away ;)
I was thrilled to hear the Berley Brothers were taking on Shane. I loved the old Shane and knew they'd only make it better by restoring it and adding their touch.  I was right.

Took the family here on a recent trip to Philly. I stocked up on Wilbur buds and buttercreams and a few other novelties to show my West Coast co-workers what we're missing out there. The cocoa covered almonds were DELICIOUS.

My teenage niece wanted to apply for a job right on the spot so she could wear the old timey uniform and work that old cash register. (But shh...there's a computer hidden in a crate.)

My octogenarian grandmother was happy when we brought her some Wilbur buds. She told me about working in a nearby peppermint factory as a young woman. They'd stop in an splurge on a buttercream on payday. Shane was the fancypants candy shop even back then. It's good to know that Shane is still around for the next generation.
I like the decor and history behind this store. The lady who worked behind the counter was very sweet and nice. They make their own chocolate in the back. They have a good selection of chocolate flavors and all kinds of candies and sweets. 

The price is decent too. It is not as fancy as some other chocolate speciaty stores but I love its feel and their chocolates are yummy!
My post tattoo, post half intoxicated visit to Brownies visit to Shane's is still making my mouth water....uuhhhhhhhhhhhh.........

The store was actually locked when we arrived but since the sign still said "open" the guy behind the counter was nice enough to let us in. Three of us had just knocked back a few Schmidts and wanted some creamy sugary goodness and we were sure to find it here!

The chocolate covered marshmallows are amazing and the coconut and butter creams are orgasmic! 

We got quite a bit for about $25.00 but expect to pay good money, but you surely get what you pay for.
A beautiful candy store in Philadelphia! If you visit both Shane's and the Franklin Fountain Ice cream and soda shop next door you get discounts. Both are a must! Get the chocolate dipped potato chips, they are delicious! Prices aren't bad on most items! We bought chocolate dipped chips, a big bag, a chocolate dipped pretzel, a big pretzel like you would buy from a vendor, and 2 lollipops for $10. The staff are so friendly! Just a beautiful shop and a must see for any Itinerary into Philadelphia!
My mom has been taking me and my sister to Shane's since we were little squirts.  I thought it was sugar magic back then, and I still do. 

Chocolate covered pretzels, milk chocolate turtles, and the dark nonpareils are still my favorites.  Gorgeous store with sweet old ladies dishing out the candy.  

I got a glimpse of their candymaking kitchen in the back, and it blew my mind.  Marble countertops as far as you can see.... with dozens of identical bonbons  lined up like an invading blood-sugar army.  

I bet those marble slabs have been continuously in use for a hundred years.   I hope Shane's is  still at it when I have little squirts, and can take them there for candy magic.
5 stars for basically everything inside this store. Like the Franklin Fountain, you can't beat the fancy interior and the old timey and genuine feel. I've been to similar stores in New England and on the west coast and this one beats em all (gotta keep the mom and wife's sweet teeth satisfied with chocolate year round). I don't think I got to experience everything they have to offer but it looks like they make customized chocolates there in front of you. The store associates dress the part, too. You know what else? Free samples. You at least have to go in for that and watch the chocolate get made. Hard to say no to free chocolate coming from the kitchen.

I bought a small box of 10 chocolates--I got to choose them all--and got bags of dark chocolate covered espresso beans, dark chocolate covered almonds, dark chocolate malt balls(?) (like the whoppers candy), and cayenne chocolate. Chocolate made in house is always so super rich and good. Chocolate is 5 stars. 

I was there strictly for chocolate so I didn't spend much time looking at the other sugary delights. They've got chocolate covered pretzels and everything comes in milk or dark chocolate: caramel, lavender(!), nuts, cream, etc. They've got holiday themed candies and chocolate, for example, for Halloween, Thanksgiving, Hanukkah, Christmas, etc. Supposedly it's the only store around that sells gelt. 

Ordering is a little confusing and the prices are higher than average but you get what you pay for. The store associate was nice in labeling all the chocolates in the box for me so I wouldn't forget what each one was.

Definitely a nice place to travel out of your way for. I gotta go back and see what else they have to offer.
What an amazing little find...  It is one of America's continously opperated confectionnaire!  You enter into a living fossil of a candy store circa 1800s and are flanked on either side by leaded-glass counters brimming with hard candies, chocolates, gummies, and marzipans!  This place is not for cookie or cake lovers...  It's a candy cravers little slice of heaven!  The dark chocolate turtles are still my number one favorite!
Wow!! This place is something that everyone should check out if they are in the area. Shane Confectionery has been making chocolate for over 100 years. They really take you back to old times with the original woodwork and clothing. 

My friend and I talked with the workers for a while about the chocolates. They were so nice and were happy to explain everything. 

Everything was pricer but for a good reason! They still make chocolate the same way they originally did over a century ago!! 

I was intrigued by the drinks. After talking over the menu, I decided to get the chocolate tea. I watched as she ground cocoa nibs on a big stone. Then she steeped the ground cocoa nibs in some hot water. Finally she poured me a little glass of heaven! 

This tea was fantastic! It tasted exactly how you would imagine. It had the nice earthy chocolate taste but it was not sweet which I loved! 

If I'm ever back in philly I will for sure come back here and try some of their chocolates!
Oldest, continuously running confectionary (candy shop) in the US. We ended a long day of Philly site-seeing here. Save some souvenir money for this place. They have an assortment of delicious chocolate-y treats, including 'Liberty Bells' and hand spun milkshakes in the back. The vintage register and workers in old fashioned uniforms add to the charm of the place. I can't recommend this place enough. There's something for everyone! I still check their site to drool over the treats. In the spring of '19, I stumbled upon their custom Easter bunny on a motorcycle chocolate and ordered one for my bike-loving guy. It was a huge hit! I added some melt away candies for myself. Both arrived (many states away) in perfect shape and tasted just as good as the treats did in Philly.  Especially post-COVID, timeless, irreplaceable businesses like these need support.
A friend of mine suggested I visit Shane to cure my chocolate cravings and I can tell it will be my special place. 

The only thing I purchased was the bacon colored chocolate since I did not have a lot of time to linger but from what I saw---Shane offers something for any candy lover. In the rear of the store they offer drinks also, and the 'Thomas Jefferson' caught my attention. Mmmm...I would have to try that next time, my tummy is already ready! 

This is a historic candy shop complete with staff dressed in old time outfits and cash registers. They are right next to Franklin Fountain and right off the 2nd st stop from the Market Frankfort Line.
Dear Eric and Ryan, 

Thank you for reopening this Philadelphia landmark! The both of you are damn near genius!

Love,
Rizz

I was here shortly after it opened and my jaw hit the floor!! It was like i walked into 1910 and the selection brought me back to my childhood. Cant wait to come back!
The 3 stars are for the service, which is fast, friendly, helpful, and polite. The chocolate... well, not so much.

I've been here more than a dozen times over the past 2 years, and the chocolate-covered marshmallows here are among the best I've ever had. Probably the best, actually. I stopped by yesterday when I was in town to pick up two large vanilla milk chocolate-covered marshmallows and two bunny cotton tails (coconut- and chocolate-covered caramel-topped marshmallows), and all four marshmallows were very stale. 

This is the first time this has happened, but the marshmallows were very hard to chew, and tasteless. I feel like the $11 spent yesterday went down the trash, because we ended up throwing out the candy after taking a bite of each :/
I wasted my time and $$$ taking the subway to/from Shane's to get hot chocolate. I arrived at 7:40/7:45 while the store was open and customers were inside. I asked for hot chocolate and the girl said they aren't doing it anymore for the day. I said that their website listed their hours until 8PM. She laughed at said that she knows but that they stop serving it at around 7:30. 

Maybe they should add this to their website. Very smug and dishonest.
Another well known vintage sweet shop in Old Town Philly is Shane Confectionery, which dates back to the 1860's!  Now this place has been around for much longer than its neighbor, Franklin Fountain, and their extensive history includes a move to a different location and back, as well as a reopening in the spot it is in today.  You can read about their extensive history here.

If you haven't read my other posts, I state outright that I'm not the biggest sweet-tooth ever, especially when it comes to candy, so I went to Shane with the purpose of candy-gazing.  And candy-gazing was what I got.  Shane Confectionery is the quintessential vintage candy shop and a dream for any kid, but on top of that, the variety of candies and chocolate they carry is phenomenal for a quite the tiny storefront.  I was flabbergasted by their numerous offerings of lollies, chocolates, truffles, fudges, and even candied popcorn.  The choices I could pick for were a bit overwhelming...

There were so many items I could pick for, I ended up just getting some chocolate.  I probably should have tried their salt water taffy, but I guess there's always a next time!  My only concern is that some of the items look somewhat stale and old, maybe due to the lighting, or maybe due to the large variety they carry, but either way, this place is a must-visit for children and adult alike!
A great place to find specialty candies and homemade goodies! If you buy something next door at Franklin Fountain, use your coupon for a discount at Shane's.
Step back in time to the late 1800's when molded candy and pressed cookies were the sweets of an era gone by.
Shane's is the oldest candy store in the country, opened in 1863. It is a truly magical land of sweets lost in time. 
Candies and chocolates are displayed in blown glass stem jars, and vintage pine trimmed glass boxes. 
Hand dipped chocolate square marshmallows, pretzels, nuts and caramels. Licorice Allsorts, licorice fish, anice drops and chalk candy. Giant towers of stripe jellybeans sitting in the corner of a vintage mirror sil. Shane's is not only filled with fairy confections but it is a vintage wonderland for your eyes. 
Easter is the best time to visit, the chocolate eggs are detailed in exquisite Victorian designs and elaborate molds. Winter is special too, chocolate Santa's and Anice molded refrigerator cookies are what dreams are made of. 
For locals and tourists this store is a must! Bonus Franklin Fountain at the corner is also owned by Eric and Ryan Berley and a receipt from Shane's will get you 10% off an ice cream.
Yummm you have to go here if you're in Philly!  We actually stumbled by this chocolate shop while we were going to check out the franklin fountain, and it was so cute from the outside we ended up popping in.   Upon entering, you are transported back to the 1800's with the décor and employees uniforms.  It kind of reminded me of the stores in Little House on the Prairie. 

You are greeted with free chocolate samples which of course sucks you in!  The chocolate here was amazing.  I'm talking better than Godiva.  The prices are a little steep, but it's definitely worth it to buy at least a few.  I'd recommend some, but everything we tried (all dark chocolate) was good.
Even better than the original Shane's!
The fabulous guys who run the Franklin Fountain have re-opened (and gussied up) Shane's.

It's a REAL  old-time confectionary shop - replete with barley sugar (toy) candies (made in molds), chocolate creations and "penny candy" (that starts at $4 for a generous small).

My daughter (age 7) proclaimed the large plump, multi-colored and distinctly multi-flavored gummy bears, "The best I've ever eaten in my entire life!".

We are so gleefully happy that Shan'es is back - and better than ever.

See you at Valentine's Day!
And Easter!

And whenever I get a hankering for Necco Chcoclate Wafers...

Thank goodness for the new & improved Shane's!
This is a lovely shop...the ambiance alone, when it's quiet, is worth the trip and the price of their specialty confections.  

Pros: 
-The selection consists of a lot of hard to find candies like Turkish delights (rose flavor is my favorite), unique malt balls, toffees, etc.  
-They have fun old-timey postcards for every gift-giving occasion, perfect for one stop present buying (ahem, hostess gifts!)
-Staff is very pleasant and helpfull
-Discounts at Franklin Fountain with a purchase at Shane.

Cons: 
-Old City tourists in a small storefront....not something the owners can do anything about, but if you're a local, just be prepared to deal with whiny out-of-town kids in a tiny hallway-sized space between the counters.
-Very pricey, with most small treats costing $1 to 1.50 each.
I probably come here once a month and bring all my out of town visitors here. A complete gem. They make bean to bar in this tiny place. I learned a lot when I went on their tour a few months ago. They have a garden and apiary on the roof, and sell the honey in the shop. They use the herbs they grow in their chocolates. The place has been a candy store since the 1860s and a lot of the inside including the flooring is original! The cash register is a relic, and they still use it! 

I don't Love the truffles. I have only had a few, though. The plain ole chocolate is delicious though. They have different varieties of it from different coffees and they taste completely different. The fudge was very tasty, also. They also have your standard candies that they do not make there, like the citrus gummies and licorice and old timey gum.

The real crown here though is the tiny cafe in the back where you can order hot chocolate and European style sipping chocolates. You can also get cacao tea, which is like the idea of coffee but brewed with the cacao beans instead of coffee beans. 

The staff is on the quiet side but very polite and friendly.
This is an absolutely cute candy shop! It's a candy shop in the front and dessert shop in the back.

It is pretty pricy for candy/dessert that you can get elsewhere and for bigger portions too, but doesn't hurt to try it out once or maybe twice. Or maybe you can just walk in to see how cute the shop is. 

Tried the ice cream sandwich and it was sooo good. The size was a bit small but the flavor and texture was on point!
It is the Franklin Fountain, but for chocolate.

It is cute as a button, but the sweets did not blow me away. They were good.
Wow, what a cute and very historic candy store! The servers are even dressed in old time outfits! Liked the old cash registers too! Everyone was welcoming and friendly. If you go in the back, where they sell the drinks, you will see inside a old pulley elevator, don't think it's still working but pretty neat. 

Bought some old school favorites and enjoyed the chocolate smell as my mouth watered at all the dainty delectables!
Adorable shop for some old fashioned candy. Everything about it is rustic and cute. They even have some nut free candies.
I loved this place.  Yes it was cute. Yes the staff was great. I loved all the original pieces like the register that went with the old fashion theme. Thank you to this place! I wish the cafe was open. I brought my husband (The 'candyman') for dessert. He was a little skeptical in the beginning, but once he seen the supply of gummies at the end he was all in! 

He says the bears and candies were some of the juiciest he has ever had. I swear he savored them! And a medium bag was about 4 dollars worth! Yeah! My chocolates were the most expensive. Our total was around $11 and I had 4 pieces of chocolate. The local peanut butter cup was good. I haven't had my others yet. Each piece were around $1.50 a piece give or take a quarter. 

I'd go back again. And again. Plus I was to try the ice cream.
I fell in love with this place simply because of the decor, but then I tasted their wares! Not only is it truly historical (around since 1863--the oldest candy store in the country), it's been beautifully restored to its 1911 elegance. Not to mention the chocolate covered pretzels are the best I ever tasted! The guy behind the counter was super nice, and I love that the employees dress the part, too. Definitely stop by and go to the Franklin Fountain as well--a receipt from one will get you a discount at the other! =)
Cute old-timey candy shop in the heart of old-town. But candy aside,what you really want to come here for is to head straight to the back to their hot chocolatery(is that a word?). The Though they have lots of different choices, their Thomas Jefferson's Nightcap is the standby which is a rich blend of chocolate which is dense but not sludgy, deep with a hint of bitterness that prevents it from being too sweet. With a homemade marshmallow, which as it melts adds creaminess and sweetness while thinning down the sipping chocolate(personal preference, I tend to like it at this slightly thinner consistency), makes for one of the best hot chocolates I've ever had. In a cold day in old city, it's one of the best ways to warm up. It might be too rich to drink all by yourself, so have a friend to share it with. Or....just drink it all anyways.
I had a sweet tooth passing by this place I couldn't not walk in passing right by it - was greeted by the staff they're all very friendly and helpful but unfortunately the chocolate was really nothing to brag about the only reason why I'm giving them three stars is for the staff not for the chocolate
Oh my.... I considered giving Shane Confectionery 4 stars instead of 5 for one reason only: they have ruined chocolate for me forever. I can never again "just have chocolate". If it's not from Shane, it won't do.

So hubby & I were in Philly last weekend. We haven't been there in over a decade, but after discovering only a few weeks ago that now since we moved, we're a stone's throw from Philly. While making plans, a friend told us about Shane's. He thought it would be our thing. Well, it will have to be our new pilgrimage spot. For the drinking chocolate alone. Then there's the fudge and the caramels and the CBD chocolate that would make Willy Wonka blush. 

There is no place in the US that I've been to that serves drinking chocolate. I stumbled upon this while in Paris' cafe Angelina on the Rue de Rivoli. I tried making it myself, unsuccessfully at the time, and since I wasn't going back to Paris anytime soon, I put the idea of drinking chocolate from my mind. Until Shane's and the drinking chocolate bar at the rear of the store-- which is an incredible, old-fashioned, candy shop replete with marble counters, candies of every color, and copper kettles in the back kitchens. The decor reminded me of an old apothecary with glass cabinets, jars, and gorgeous stained glass. Heading to the rear of the shop you'll find the chocolate bar and a quaint little cafe table, replete with chairs that I fancy have been there since the turn of the last century. 

Hubby got the 8 ounce of Jefferson's blend, while I embarked on the trio of 4 ounce tastings, choosing Jefferson's, the Tuscan (smacking of citrus and jasmine), and I think it was a Spanish blend with cinnamon, chili and a hint of cardamom. 

Then there's the fudge....and the caramels.... and the chocolate truffles. Never before have I had chocolate and been satisfied with just a piece or two. Can't wait to go back & don't try the Lemon Lavender fudge so there's more for me. :)
I had the opportunity to compare two highly reputable candy stores, Shane and Lore's. Overall, Shane is solid but would be my second choice. But I'd bring friends from out of town to visit.

Compared to Lore's, Shane:
-has a wider selection of candy but a smaller selection of chocolate
-plays up the historic/nostalgic angle and appeals better to tourists
-following from that, the marketing/packaging is better here but the quality of the chocolate seems a tad lower
Let me preface this by saying I"ve been a Shane's customer since I was a little girl, as my grandmother always took me there.  Although I don't celebrate Easter, I always bought Easter candy there for my co-workers and they loved it, especially the personalized Easter eggs.  Today I went in for the first time to the 'new' Shane's and thought the displays were very sterile and had none of the 'eye-popping' extravaganza that used to greet me at Easter time.  However, I was still anxious to sample their Easter eggs.  But when a woman in front of me asked if her $24 chocolate egg could be personalized and the guy told her 'yes, but it's an extra $3', that's when I felt ripped off.  Really?? You are charging $3 for someone to drizzle icing on an egg that you're already making an insane profit on?  Forget it. I'll be buying Easter candy somewhere else next year.
Daunting time warp into candy where it meets pharmacy.  I've never in my life seen such diversity of licorice and the era from which these sweets came is as if you're there when you walk into the doors.  What surprised me most wasn't the cash only business as that's logical for most the things here are rather economical but it was the cafe in the back.  I am 100% positive anyone who goes here will come out scratching their heads for outside Europe there's nothing like it in the United States I can assure you!
Hands down my favorite spot in the city to grab local chocolates. Almost all the chocolate is made in house, and you can even see some of the process in the back, by the café. They grow their own herbs and farm their own honey in the building as well. The staff is knows their stuff and is always incredibly friendly - they can tell you the differences in their chocolate and how it's made in so much detail, it's amazing. 

Personal favorites include: Black Sesame meltaway, Pistachio meltaway, Earl Grey caramel, Honey Lavender caramel, Mexican Hot Chocolate truffle, Royal Spanish drinking chocolate and their Ecuador single origin chocolate bar.

They also do confectionary history tours, if you're into that.
I really enjoyed my visit in this store! The ladies in the store could not more helpful answering my questions and being honest about their favorites in the store. 

I even learned something new about the flavor - teaberry. This is a great place to find a gift for someone who loves sweets or something unique for yourself.

My brother loved his lemon lollipop. I bought a package of teaberry flavored gum. My fiance bought a package of their cocoa dusted chocolate covered almonds (his favorite). He said it was great and not too sweet.

When we got our receipt, we were told it would give us 10% off next door at Franklin Fountain with no expiration date. Double yay :)
I came in here because the ice cream shop next door had a line around the corner. But I'm glad I did because this place is AMAZING!! I was really craving ice cream and Shane's serves the same ice cream AS NEXT DOOR! Get out of the line people and just come here. No line, same ice cream and honestly, the store is way more fun. 

This candy shop is a slice of old America with goodies that will make you close your eyes and make you reminisce on your childhood. They have a wide range of candy but their chocolate is their specialty. I don't even remember what I got but I definitely ate all of it fast. 

I also got the ice cream sandwich. I was stuff from my dinner, but the sandwich was so good I ate it all. It was chocolate chip cookie with vanilla ice cream. Classic. The cookie was soft and salty paired with a creamy vanilla ice cream for balance. It was great. 

Shane's confectionery is magical.
This place is great- I was in Phili for 4 days and went here 3 of them.  They have a great old fashioned store front with wonderful candy filling the shelves.  The lady working there was very nice and helpful. I love that places like this can still do well in our modern day.... sorry I will just leave it there.
Please encourage your friends to try to local flavor!
Shanes Confectionary is the oldest candy store in the United States.  For anyone with a sweet tooth - let that sink in.  It's a classic place and handy to know about for when you are showing out-of-town visitors around Philadelphia.  A stop here is like going back in history and adds different senses to the mix of historic treats available when touring old Philadelphia. I'm not a big chocolate fan at all so a lot of the uniqueness of this candy store is lost on me.  But I can tell you the peanut brittle is awesome. 

I think everyone in Philadelphia is glad there is still a candy and confectionary store at 110 Market Street in Philadelphia.  You pay more here, but heck this is real artisanal candy...most of it made right on the premises. The quality is totally top-of-the-line.

 Shane's is def a real sweet place!!
I would literally buy just about everything in the store if only just to be helped by the handsome, bearded, and bespectacled gentleman I met today. My receipt said "Chuck S" so...here's to you and your adorableness, Chuck!

Moving on....

Shane Candies makes candy as it should be made - lovingly, with deep respect and affection for the craft of confectionery. You might even think of their chocolates as miniature works of art. Especially the Whirley Berley Bar and the seasonal Peppermint Bark. The peppermint bark has two thick layers of dark and then white chocolate studded with pieces of house-made candy canes. It is a perfect blend of smooth, creamy chocolate and spicy peppermint. Items that are just so delicious that you can't but loudly exclaim your enthusiasm to all those within earshot. The flavors and textures are just perfect. The salted caramels are some of the best, if not THE best, I've encountered as the shop uses their sea salt sparingly to accent the chocolate/caramel rather than overwhelm it. There are not other or better adjectives that can be used. I could happily turn my nose up at all the M&M's, Snickers, and other less sophisticated competitors for the rest of my life and devote myself solely to the products found at Shane's. 

Once again, the Berley brothers have elegantly swept us back in time to a bygone era of simpler pleasures with the impeccable decor of their Market Street storefront. Of course, the employees also help to dutifully convey the days of yesteryear with their fanciful nod towards early 20th century attire. My eyes eagerly took in each delightful display of colored wonder - drops of every flavor - cherry, lemon, horehound, milk and honey - jawbreakers as big as a child's fist, licorices, and more fill cylindrical glasses beneath the display cases. I can easily imagine the Philadelphia children of generations before plunking down their nickels for a packet of jewel-like sweets. Shane's carries candies I had only read about in my historical investigations or learned of from elder family members. Clear glass toy candy, brandied, chocolate-covered cherries, and absinthe pastilles? You're not going to find those anywhere else. 

In terms of cost - it's hard to be critical of the price points given the cost of sugar, chocolate, milk, etc and the fact that their candies are either painstakingly hand made or imported from Europe. Luckily, this Berley Brothers outpost accepts credit cards. Also, if you visit the Franklin Fountain first you get 10% off your purchase at Shane's (or vice versa). Shane's candy is definitely and investment in good taste.

I'm certain I will be back. Certainly to try other candies, maybe a little bit for Chuck.
Quaint old candy store. The sign says it is America's oldest candy store, and I would believe them.  The storefront and the register have been around for a long time.  They are weathered but add to the nostalgic feel of the place.

They have candy and chocolates alike, though I stick to the chocolates.  You can try the truffles or chocolate-covered stuff.  But I'm happiest with a small bag of milk chocolate nonpareils.  Simply divine.
I'm a HUGE chocolate fan. Shane's chocolate treats are pretty amazing. 

It has a very early 1900s feel to it...both in decoration and the way the staff is dressed. I did appreciate the look. 

I purchased a large box that i was able to fill with whatever candies I wanted. Sam was extremely animated and nice while helping me with good knowledge on all the chocolates. You don't get good service like he provided anymore.

 I was able to taste 2 of the chocolates that I ordered. The coconut butter cream was delicious and the double dipped mint was like crack. Incredibly good, and very sweet. 

The candies are very well balanced, with filling and their chocolate shell. I personally like more chocolate shell (which is why i enjoyed the double dipped mint so much) and the coconut didn't have that. But the filling was amazing. 

The large box was $32, which is a fair price for all the candies I got. The box was very nice and makes for a really nice gift. 


I didn't give 4 stars because i thought the chocolate itself was average but I didnt get to try many. I will update the review when my gift box is opened and the response I get from the person I gave it to. The experience as Shane's as a whole was incredible. I will definitely return to Shane's for a special occasion.


EDIT: box of chocolates I order was amazing. this place is damn good.
Shane's is a sweet old-fashioned style candy store in Old City, Philadelphia - as with many other Philly activities, it's "the oldest" candy store in America!  It certainly looks like you've stepped back in time when you push through the glass door to the small shop lined with candy counters down its length.  And, they're filled with old-style hard candies made from antique molds, as well as candies many adults will recognize from childhood.  Newest addition?  A chocolate shop in the back, where you can watch cacao being ground, and enjoy a true hot chocolate made from scratch.  This is a super addition to any visit to Old City Philadelphia, yes, "sweet!"
World class candies, a beautiful interior, a long long history, and knowledgeable staff make this place a real treat to go to! The Shane Confectionery is the oldest candy shop in America and they have a selection of old fashioned candies and secret recipes to prove it. They even make some special seasonal/holiday candies too, and it's fun to go in once the season or holiday has passed and look at all the candy that's on sale. Often times you can get a pretty good deal.

 All of the chocolates are made in house, as is pretty much everything sold here. They're partnered with the Franklin Fountain and provide the hot fudge, whipped cream, and baked goods for the iconic ice cream parlor. 

Just the other day I was in there looking for some licorice to send over to Switzerland for a friend. Apparently it's hard to find over there. The woman behind the counter was very helpful and knew all about the merits of the different kinds of licorice. I don't eat licorice so I really needed some guidance. The Shane Confectionary has got to have AT LEAST twelve different kinds. As soon as I mentioned they were going over to Switzerland she shifted gears and changed her recommendations. She was so knowledgeable she even knew what people from different parts of the world usually like best. I am confident the ones she selected will be well received. 

The back of the Shane Confectionary houses their teeny tiny cafe that makes their own hot chocolate! It is so rich and filling, if any of you have been to Max Brenner's, just know that this is leagues better. It tastes like melted chocolate and joy. There are different varieties to choose from, from a classic hot chocolate to fancy ones with rose, pepper, coffee, etc., etc. Again, the staff is super well versed in their product and can tell you all about the history of hot chocolate and help you make the right selection for you. Not only do they sell hot chocolate in the back but they also sell gourmet, house made chocolate bars and even cocoa beans.  

Prices here are reasonable for what you're buying. I mean it's gourmet, handmade, and fresh. You're also buying from the oldest candy shop in America. I'd say all the prices are reasonable for what you're getting. The hot chocolate is a bit pricey but it is also top quality stuff and extremely rich and filling. 

If you live in Philadelphia and have never gone, or are just here visiting, the Shane Confectionary should be on your itinerary for sure.
I'm usually wary of men with beards--not sure why. (Maybe it's the cult-like vibe I get from the Amish.) But if they make candy this good, and are able to maintain such well-groomed facial hair, then they're fine with me.

For the most part. 

What's even more impressive is that everything is made on site with machines that probably run on this "elbow grease" my Nana keeps going on about.  Check out the handcrafted candy toys, larger-than-your-face lollipops, and jawbreakers the size of a fist inside of another fist. And of course, there's chocolate: straight-up by itself or drenched over something equally delicious (yes, I'm talking about bacon).  If I weren't concerned about obesity or the elasticity of my sweatpants, Shane Candies would be my grocery store.

Peace.
Ye Odle Pepper Candy Companie was here first in Salem, MA. 
please reference - https://peppercandy.net/index.html
The creak of the wide pine floor boards had me at the door ~ I love old fashion hardware stores, candy stores, cafes and ice cream parlors. Stopping first at The Franklin Fountain and discovering they use some of their candy from Shane's lured us in :) Who can resist butter creme fondants and chocolate covered homemade marshmallows ~ not I!! After enjoying a few creamy chocolate sample bites we filled a small box to take back to our hotel to enjoy a late night sweet treat with coffee. 

The ambience of the building with the stained glass and curved windows takes you back in time. Shane Confectionery is the oldest continuously-run confectionery in the United States, established in 1863. A must stop-at establishment on your tour here in The City of Brotherly Love.
Best day ever!!! Seeing that Franklin Fountain bought Shane's.... I got my clear can't... A rabbit ... I got Fralingers molasses paddles and a big chocolate covered pretzel .... This is the best candy shop in the city! And the snow is just starting I feel like a little kid! Awesome day seeing these businesses thrive!
Also the have a hot cocoa bar in the back ...
Just paradise!
Like the vibe but some of the sweets (at least to my palate) don't quite keep up with the atmosphere (which is worth a trip on it's own.) The buttercreams are good as is the chocolate covered bacon but I was not a fan of their cashew turtles (they call them something else), as they were a bit caramel deficient.
A candy shop that looks as a candy shop ought to look (like candy)! Visiting the Shane Confectionery is just a delight, and I had one of the best truffles I have ever tasted there--a Mexican hot chocolate truffle, I think it was. It was outstanding. The molasses sticks are also wonderful. Just sweet enough! Just is the case with The Franklin Fountain and Anastacia's Antiques, anyone who loves Victorian or Edwardian things must pay this darling shop a visit.
Very knowledgeable and helpful staff, a huge selection of candies and chocolates. Good prices and great quality.
Legit the best gummies I've ever eaten. They're perfect in texture and flavor. I'm down with the regular even more than the sour, which for me is counterintuitive. I come back here every time I'm in Philly. So great, kids.
I love this place. It is THE place to go in the winter, to get the homemade hot chocolate, of which they have a wide variety of unexpected flavors (including my favorite, the somewhat spicy AZTEC version).  Add a homemade marshamellow, and I can't think of a better place to just relax and hang out in cold weather.  When my exbf and I started dating, I brought him here. I think it really impressed him, and this is what made him want a relationship with me.

Perhaps I should have brought him here more often, because he broke up with me a few months later :(

The hot chocolate can be obtained in the little cafe, in the back, but the front is awesome, too.  It's an adorable, Colonial-style candy shop where the clerks all wear fancy white aprons and bonnets. The candy is all hand made.  I love the chocolate pretzels. If I had a kid, I'd bring my kid here whenever he/she did all their chores and was really behaving him/herself. It's gotta be heaven for kids.

Oh, and last Christmas, they had Krampus in the window! You can't beat that.
I love all the old time details and candy selection. I have a love/hate thing going on with the prices. 

I feel like the inventory consisted of more homemade items than I imagined beforehand when thinking of "candy store". I like the unexpected surprise of getting a "confectionary shoppe" instead. 

The chocolate stand in the back looks awesome and the server was very nice. I got a coconut, banana and cocoa drink which was good. The fresh cocoa really makes the difference in this being a refined, adult chocolate milk. I always feel banana overpowers any drink but it was finally balanced well. 

I got an assortment of milk chocolates including Irish whiskey, lavender milk chocolate and cinnamon apple. These were pricey at around $2.50-$3.00/square. All 3 were equally good and would go great with hot coffee or tea especially the lavender. 

I also got a pumpkin fudge square. Every time I look on Pinterest and see fudge I love it and regret never buying it until I actually eat fudge. With that being said, I didn't like the pumpkin fudge. This may actually be good to people who do like fudge, I can't tell. Too sweet and mushy like a moist sugar block with pumpkin. Is this actually what fudge is? 

Well I'm going to look up fudge but come here if you like window shopping and dainty and tasty chocolate treats.
Love Shane! Definitely a sweet spot and loved hearing about the history of the shop, when it was built and how long it has been in philly for. Lots of candies and when we visited they had amazing chocolate bunnies on display getting ready for Easter.
Supposedly tht oldest candy store in America.  Looks like the grandma of See's.  Even the candy box is similar.  Lots of chocolates there that they make themselves, along with come candies like licorice, hard candies, and what not.  Pretty pricey for the stuff here tho, but it's history, right?
This shop is soooo cute! One of the oldest confectionaries in the country. Worth a visit if you just want to ogle at all the amazing candies that have in the store. They have lots of chocolate candies as well as gummies. They also have a chocolate drink bar in the back. We got the chocolate milk shake and the Thomas Jefferson night cap. They were both delicious!

I also couldn't help but sample the amazing variety of chocolates they had available. I got myself a small box ($14) as a souvenir. 

The store clerk was very kind and provided detailed recommendations on the candies. She recommended meltaways which are apparently a hit with the regulars. I also got the rose flavored, passion fruit, and lavender flavored chocolates. At the end I think I got about a dozen or so chocolates to sample!

I'd highly recommend getting a box as a souvenir when u are here.
This is an extremely pretty shop with delicious chocolate! It's great for gift shopping, or just a little treat. It's very quaint looking and it's in a wonderful neighborhood. Perfect spot to take visitors!
Been going there to get our candy since I was a kid. While there buttercreams have gotten smaller, the taste an flavor is second to none. Try the buttercreams, take home the vanilla carmels, an hide there chocolate turtles.
Absolutely worth the trip!  The candies are handmade and the best I've ever had.  They have the old standbys and some very unique items you won't find anywhere else.  The store itself is beautiful and is truly a step back in time. Went again today for Christmas gifts.  The clear toys and candy canes are something to see (and taste) and the window displays are just lovely.

Nice to know there are still places you can get fresh made and unique!
If you live here and haven't been, stop in. 
If you are visiting the historic area, don't miss it, it truly is a place of history along with the sister ice cream store 2 doors down (Franklin Fountain)
Having previously worked in confectioneries/candy shops, I have a new found appreciation for them.  Shane's does an incredible job of creating that 18th-century atmosphere with its displays, employee costumes, and old-fashioned cash register!  The candy clerk, Jessie, was very friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable about the shop's offerings.  She even filled me in as to what her favorite selections were.  In the end, I settled on three different chocolates and loved each one.  Definitely a place not to be missed on a trip to Old City, especially if you're visiting from out of town!
Not as impressed as i thought I'd be considering how awesome their sister establishment a few doors down..Franklin Fountain...is. I was hoping for more old-school/ nostalgic candy/candy bars..a lot of their stuff seems to be made on the premises....like their version of chocolate-covered bacon which had been done to death already. Go to Franklin Fountain instead.
A very sweet candy shop that tries to bring back that olden-day candy shoppe vibe... The staff was very funny and entertaining in their '20's garb, and the candy was all fresh, made there, and reasonably priced (sometimes gourmet means you are spending a lot of money, here, I didn't feel that). We settled on some sour gummy bears and swedish minnows - which were perfect snacking for the movie we caught at Ritz East (around the corner).
It definitely lived up to the hype. Friendly service from staff who were able to answer all our questions. Isn't it sad that as consumers we're surprised when staff knows what they're talking about? Anyway, they're legit. Loved everything we bought. Even had hot chocolate when were there, prepared old school. Fantastic. Go. Don't be overly critical and enjoy yourself. Easy 5 stars.
Hubby and I tried a few chocolate caramel varieties and the coconut striped candy.  I really liked the caramels a lot, but the coconut candy (not made there) wasn't that great.  It's certainly pricey, but I do love me some caramels.
Shane's is the oldest candy store in America, so they have really perfected the candy business. 

The store is totally old-school, with many of the original features of the store still there.  One of the employees told us that even the candy jars and cases are original. 

Because it is the fall, Shane's had many seasonal candies when I went. I can't remember exactly which ones I got, but they were all delicious. They were all chocolate coated candies of different flavors. 

I heard that in late 2014, Shane's will be opening up a chocolate cafe in the back of the store. I really want to go back once that opens to enjoy a nice hot chocolate :)
My boyfriend and I stopped in to have a look around, and were mightily impressed by the variety and selection available.  I was thrilled to see some forgotten treats like horehound and sassafras drops, as well as Sen-Sen - I haven't seen a packet of Sen-Sen since I was VERY, very tiny.  

I did purchase some horehound drops, but I was a bit disappointed by them - they aren't very strong, and I like my horehound drops STRONG, heh.  Still, I'd come back again and try some different things.  Prices were much more reasonable than I'd expected.

The "old-time" atmosphere is cute.  It seemed out of place at the Franklin Fountain, but it was just right here, somehow.
Unbelievable old place.  We just happened upon this after our trek to the Franklin Fountain.

They have the most delicious and unusual hand made caramels:  Honey Earl Grey, Cinnamon Chile, Raspberry, Banana Foster, Vanilla, etc!

Needs to be a destination on any history hike.
A very quaint, historic shop that offers a wide variety of every kind of sweet imaginable.  I love the old cash register and the overall atmosphere of the shop, which transports you back in time.

If you're looking for something small to dress up a gift, this is your place.  Or you could just come for the obvious reason.... chocolate cravings.
I enjoyed this candy store last time I was in Philly (2009). Came back for the Halloween weekend and found out that they are CLOSED! Gasp! Apparently they had transferred ownership to the Berley brothers (of Franklin Fountain). There was a sign saying that Shane will be opening soon in Fall. Hoping to see them opened when I come back next year!
I'm a sucker for candy, especially if it's of the chocolate variety.  

We stopped in on a rather humid Sunday afternoon and the place was empty...more candy for me!

The store is cute and my family and I enjoyed the samples they had for customers.  You can find some old-school things here, like chocolate Necco wafers (which I used to devour as a kid).  

While the selection of treats is mouth-watering (chocolate covered bacon anyone?!), the prices are a bit steep.  Great place to window shop, but if you're craving sugar, bring your wallet.
Everything in this shop seems pretty expensive, but it feels like stepping into a whole other time period and that's pretty cool.  I ordered a garden mint chocolate milkshake, which definitely tasted like a fresh herb-y mint; however, again was quite expensive which is why I give it 4 stars.
Shane's has been a tradition in my family for countless generations: my grandfather took us here as kids because his grandfather took him there as a kid. Now I make the trek annually to bring my 90+ year old grandfather some nonpareils and Wilbur buds for the holidays. Thanks for keeping the tradition alive, Shane's! I'll be seeing you next year and, with any luck, eventually with my own kids and grandkids.
So disappointing. Store is charming with many candies made in house. However, lots of ordinary candy not made there, including bags of jelly beans and candy corn.
Cool place. As soon as you walk in, it feels like you went back in time.  Go check it out. Candies are a bit pricey but go ahead and try one. I had a caramel, it was quite good. It was a small individual piece for $1. They also make the ice cream for Franklin's Fountain next door so buy some pre packed ice cream or better yet go have a cone or a Sundae at the Fountain, you'll be glad you did. Trust me. ;)
It's a tradition in my family to receive a box of Shane's candy every year for Christmas. It's one of the highlights of the year, since the candy is so delicious! I am a huge fan of dark chocolate, and I love the turtle truffles! It's a bit pricey for candy, but the price is definitely worth the occasional splurge or for the holidays. The quality is fantastic, and I look forward to receiving more boxes of Shane's Candies under the Christmas tree.
Their bridge mix is the best I've ever had.  The staff are friendly and helpful.  I was offered samples.  It wasn't busy that day, which may have made a difference, but the man behind the counter told me about the history of the place and made recommendations.
Very cute candy shop. Famous for the caramel and buttercream candies. At the back you can get hot chocolate.
Shane Confectionery is absolutely one of my favourite places in Philly. Every time I have a friend in from out of town, I walk them through Old City and towards Penn's Landing just so I can stop by! 

I love that the confectionery has such an old-fashioned ambiance and it doesn't hurt that the chocolates are delicious! It's a pretty small store so it can get crowded pretty easily, especially when there are a lot of little kids running around. When it's empty, it's an amazing place to spend a few minutes just browsing. I highly recommend getting at least one piece of chocolate on your way out!
Since 1754 ! This store is still sweetening up Philadelphians!! 

What made me come here? My aunt received a hand pressed gingerbread cookie from her daughter-in-law. It came from this very store!! The cookie looked so historical... So elegant... So very wonderful! I absolutely had to come to the store after seeing the lady cookie! I thought it was such a charming precious cookie!
I am crazy about cookies, and I must say that the lady cookie my aunt was given was just so special looking! So I came.
I asked the staff when I entered about the cookie... Where they were. I really thought that there would be a bin of freshly made cookies. But the girl at the front said the cookies were only at Christmas only. When I got to the back area by the hot chocolate and chocolate bars, I saw a small basket with some of these amazing pressed ginger cookies! I didn't have the LADY cookie but they have other beautifully hand pressed cookies. SO MY MISSION WAS COMPLETE! 

It didn't end there! I saw the Jefferson drinking chocolate for $5 and a marshmallow (handmade) for $ .50 
Do stop by and have a hot cup of Drinking Chocolate! And a handmade marshmallow!! Step out of the cold and warm up!! 
**The most amazing souvenir おみやげ you can get is a hand pressed gingerbread cookie. So elegant !! So flavorful!! 

What a uniquely precious time spent at Shane Confectionery. 
Handmade candies and chocolates. 
I bought some chocolate covered pretzels! It just seems like such a typical Philadelphia TREAT to experience &taste &saver &relish!

*Nostalgic valentines from long ago!! I'm so smitten for this place!! They also sold for one dollar vinegar valentines for those whose heart has been broken! That was good for a chuckle!

-i'm really hoping my valentine buys a heart filled with Shane's chocolate. (Said with my hand clutching my shirt! Everything looks so special and so romantic! It's LADIES chocolate!) 

*They also saw a beautiful handmade stationary made from pressed flowers. Four dollars. I bought a bunch a Them! It is absolutely gorgeous!
**Honestly speaking, the staff certainly was not as welcoming as everything else in the store was so preciously pleasant. The staff was dressed in period Clothing. This looked so wonderful. There were 2 girls in the front and one girl back by the cocoa and a fella with a beard. You hoped for a smile... it wasn't so busy. Surly. Not one crack of a smile. Perhaps years of living in Japan and experiencing cheerful service has spoiled  me? 

**I get genki from the hard efforts obviously made by the architects and painters... it looked like elegant Wedgewood signature colores! 
Mercy! 
shanesconfectionery is one of the treasures of Philadelphia !!
My daughter and I stumbled upon this place.  OMG!!! Walking in the smell of expensive chocolate fills your senses.  Walking back they have a hot chocolate/coffee bar.  The Thomas Jefferson hot chocolate is amazing!  It is heaven on earth!!!
There is a hidden gem in the back. We were able to try different hot chocolate from different parts of the world. Be warned it's not the typical hot cocoa found in some box mixed that is extremely sweet and flavorless. This this the thick and rich stuff you expect to sip on a cold day. The Spanish Royal was my favorite. The hint of cinnamon and chili had the perfect combination to cure chocolate craving. However, if you are looking for something sweeter then go with the Jefferson.
1911 Candy store in the 21 Century. This restored store takes one back to wonder of candy!
