Going to keep this review very honest and constructive because I really ultimately want to help this new business thrive with a couple key steps. 

First of all, there's quite a disparity between the decor, and the general experience. Based on the inside renovation and decoration it feels like it should be a restaurant as opposed to a quick, cheap-eats, on the go sort of place. But then when they actually serve you everything comes on paper plates and in plastic bowls and the disparity between expectation and reality is a little strange. I'd recommend changing to use real bowls, plates, and utensils as opposed to disposables. I think right now the spot is struggling a little to find the vibe it's going for. 

As for the food, it's fine, nothing ground breaking. The dumplings were pretty good but I really didn't enjoy the fuding meat slices. It's supposed to be a cross between meat and flour but in attempting to be both I think it's kind of neither in a strange way. Could use a lot more flavor and seasoning. 

Overall,very mediocre experience but it is new so I hope the business takes the right steps to find its place in the bustling chinatown neighborhood.
Finally a good and cheap Chinese food chain in Philly!

I highly recommend the wonton soup, peanut sauce noodles, and dumplings. All 3 are very authentic. The Wonton soup has the thinnest skin you'll find in Philly, for only $2.50! The peanut sauce noodles are also only $2.50 and taste very good with the vinegar, however, it would've been even better if it was black instead of white/rice vinegar. The dumplings are very fresh and they only cost $5. I would skip the meat soup as it was literally just a bowl of meat in the wonton soup.

Only reason this place gets 4 stars is the fact that they only use plastic plates/bowls/utensils and cash only.
Oh, my god! I haven't been this excited for a long time. This place is legit! If you want to try some authentic mainland China snack/light meal/soup, you need to come here. Don't be deterred by its hole in the wall look--after all, you're eating the food not the building/decor, right? 

Their wonton soup is divine! It's not the type of wonton soup you have at any dim sum place; this is authentic Fuzhou wonton. 

Their braised meat combo is a must try too, if you want to have some authentic braised meat. To be exact, it's not the American braised meat items--they are duck feet, chicken feet, duck wings, pork intestines and etc. But absolutely delicious!
So excited to see a familiar banner showed up in Chinatown. I used to have this every week back in college. Noodle with peanut sauce is my favorite. The wonton soup is great too. Also tried their steamed dumplings. The waitress brought small bowls for us to share. You can't beat the price!
Dish was served pretty fast(plus it's a no-tip restaurant). perfect for work lunch. My friend recommanded their steamed dumplings, might come back for that.
I don't really write reviews on Yelp much, so it means a lot when I have such a bad experience that I feel compelled to write something. My wife and I were walking past and saw from the window what looked to be a pretty lively restaurant with nice and clean decor, so we decided to go in. We got the Beijing zhajiang noodles, Shanghai bok choy, and stir-fried noodles with crab. 

Food - the flavor was pretty good so I was debating giving two stars instead of one. However it mainly tasted so good because it felt like they loaded it with a lot of MSG. I ended up deciding to not give a star because the noodles with crab were an absolute travesty. The crab is not removed from the shell and is embedded within the noodles. When you break open the shell you have to struggle to find a small piece of meat. They even for some reason thought it would be a good idea to leave a completely empty body of the crab on top of the noodles? On top of this, my wife bit into what she thought were noodles and ended up giving her tooth a nice hard surprise from a tiny crab shell. Later while I was eating the noodles I also felt a tiny crab shell piece stab me in my mouth. These are tiny pieces of crab shell that are impossible to see inside the noodles and are definitely going to break someone's tooth at some point. The Shanghai bok choy was acceptable, it was delicious in fact, but again tasted quite heavily of MSG. The Beijing zhajiang noodles were also authentic, but the quantity was very small so it felt like a poor value.

Service - the servers were not particularly friendly. They brought food to the wrong tables at least a couple times (including our noodles with crab) while we were there, as if they weren't very experienced with remembering who ordered what. The cooks didn't seem to be very fast because we had to wait about 15 minutes to get our whole meal (which is not very long but when you're in Chinatown it feels much longer than the norm here). Right when we got our food they immediately gave us the check and circled the tip calculations, I guess implying that we needed to tip at least 15%? This really didn't leave a great impression or atmosphere for eating. 

Finally, oddly this place doesn't have any real silverware and you're eating off paper plates and plastic bowls. I would love that if you're a cheap place providing quick food, but when I'm at a sit down place paying tip I'm usually expecting to eat off something better than a paper plate with a plastic fork. It's like this place didn't get everything ready before they opened up (I'm guessing they just newly opened?). I would give them the benefit of the doubt for being new but this was just a horrendous experience for me so I don't think I will be going back. Definitely the worst restaurant experience I can remember in at least the past few years.
