Being someone who's a casual sports fan who usually only shows team pride during casual situations where friends and family are showcasing Philly pride, I'm rarely drawn to the traditional sports memorabilia like jerseys, baseball caps, and then some. The only Phillies T Shirt that I own was created by a local Philly artist and features a drawn up map of city attractions within the Phillie Phanatic. If it isn't that creative, or doesn't have an interesting vintage feel to it I'm just not that interested. And the reason I was drawn to Shibe Vintage is that it offers Philly sportswear that suitable to a fan like be, while offering plenty that everyday fans will want too.

I was first made aware of Shibe Vintage Sports when I saw my friend Davester sporting a BAD ASS Flyers T-Shirt that melded their logo with the classic Misfits logo of punk yesteryear (They don't exist without Danzig to me!) that was all kinds of awesome (case in point - http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-pTX5bMO3cYk/Tu7Ev7B5xdI/AAAAAAAAACw/HaOBPUK_opM/s320/FlyersMisfitsB.jpg). It usually takes something like liquid encouragement for me to consider copying such a sound T-Shirt decision, and fortunately for Shibe, when I saw it outside on display during the Midtown Village Festival it was something that I just had to have as a result of said encouragement. And while doing a walk through I also came across a woolen winter cap that gives me a chance to rep the Phillies during their bleak off season, all kinds of memorabilia that represented vintage eras of every Philly team, and then some. And for that Shibe is one of those spots that's worthwhile to every kind of Philly sports fan.
I love Shibe! My husband picked up a couple gifts there for Christmas, including something I needed for a pollyanna gift for my brother in law. I was very happy with the items he picked out - the styles are cool and have a throwback look, totally different from other Philadelphia sports wear I've seen. 

The shirt for my brother in law was too small, so I swung by the store one day to swap out, after calling first to confirm that there was a larger size. While there I also picked up a gift for my grandfather, a long-sleeved gray Eagles shirt made of the softest cotton. The shirt is nice enough to wear out for a casual dinner and doesn't have gigantic logos or anything too loud. 

I also happened to notice the nice selection of female attire, and I have my eye on a throwback Eagles sweatshirt. Prices are very reasonable and the selection is vast for such a small store. I'm impressed!
Sweet t-shirts with a focus on the Iggles, the Phils, Gritty and other local celebrities. Some unique designs and if you're looking for retro Eagles shirts, hoodies, and hats, this is the place to go. Some of the apparel can be a bit pricy but sign up for their emails because they have really good sales now and then so you can afford the digs *and* that overpriced beer at the Linc.
A neat little store where you can find that vintage sports cap you've been looking for. The lady that was at the store was knowledgeable and helpful. She even let us know that they ship their items free to you if the particular sized cap is not available at their store. They carry good quality caps and shirts. I will definitely return back.....
The hardest part here is deciding what NOT to buy. I also am a big fan of the yelp deal which got me 10 bucks off. I came in on a weekday night so I was the only guy in there, so talked with the guy working for quite a bit about tecmo bowl, the birds game the day before, life's greater mysteries, ya know normal small talk.

Anyway, the fact that they had a bunch of Philadelphia A's stuff among other old school stuff made me happy. I walked out with a onesie for the wee one on the way, an A's hat and a t-shirt. I could have easily bought more, but their stuff is a slightly expensive.

They also have an extensive online shop with some more offerings if you can't find what you're looking for. I love throwback stuff and the fact that this isn't a 500% mark up like Mitchell & Ness, they've earned my business!
Formerly known as Pro League Authentics. New owners have put much love into revamping the store and have created an well-organized inventory of unique and high quality apparel. Made two purchases yesterday: a '47 Brand Phillies t-shirt and Phillies hat. Staff was extremely friendly and helpful. I will be back!
Got a gift for the avid sports fan of a friend. He likes the White Sox so I got him a 1959 hat and it was nice. The only thing is that the store is tiny so don't expect them to always have what you're looking for. They do a great job of answering questions and ordering online for you to pick up later though. There is also a live dog in there just chilling all the time. Seems friendly.
When I think about sports stores, what usually comes to mind are high price tags and limited options. If you don't like a team's jersey that year, or maybe want to represent your team in ways other than wearing a jersey or hat, your options are sometimes limited. Shibe breaks that mold, with a unique mix of authentic vintage Philly-related sports memorabilia and gear, plus retro-styled Philly-related clothing, gifts, and decor. They also have fun extras like baseball cards, pennants, and more.

It's a great place to go for some fresh ways to enjoy the Eagles, 76ers, Phillies, Flyers, and teams from the past. The selection rotates depending on the season, but they usually have at least some merchandise for every Philly team, even off-season. The prices are awesome (especially when compared to another Philly sports store), and their clothing designs are fun and unique.

Definitely a great place to shop for your favorite Philadelphian or to get ready for a sporting event!
