A little slice of peace and tranquility right in Philadelphia! I'm so glad I got to -finally- check out Shofuso Japanese House & Garden. Shofuso is located in Fairmount Park, and there is a small parking lot onsite. You must leave your shoes on a rack before entering the house (don't forget to bring socks!). 

The gardens are small but lovely, and I especially enjoyed the koi fish in the pond, which were enormous! The house is very interesting; some rooms you can walk through while others you can only look into from outside, but each room has a sheet with information so you can learn more about the function of the room. The docents were all tied up with leading other people around the house but I overheard some of the information which was quite interesting. If you can snag a docent to lead you around, do it! 

The wraparound porch overlooking the pond was a great place to sit and relax after the tour. I could see myself going back on a nice day simply to enjoy a refreshing mental break. Philadelphians: add this to your summer to-do list!
I love that Fairmount Park has this outstanding cultural landmark!  I enjoy my visits to the Shofuso Japanese House for special events (Cherry Blossom Or The Ancient Tea Ceremony Festivals)!  The Cherry Blossom Festival is my favorite!

This visit included me taking my family who was visiting from out of town for the Obon Festival!  There were drummers; dancers; food trucks selling Dim Sum l.  There were vendors selling traditional Japanese clothes; chopsticks; sake cups, etc!

The Japanese House admission is $12 for adults; $8 for senior and students!  

It is a great place to check out and learn about different cultural traditions while enjoying beautiful scenery!
I can only surmise that the negative reviews are from people who wouldn't know the  meaning of "zen" if zen walked up and kissed them on the cheek. For those of you who believe they have an idea, take time out of your busy life to visit Shofuso. She will not disappoint. 

I've known about this place for years, and have been meaning to visit. My sweet boyfriend decided to surprise me with a trip and a picnic Saturday (7.27.13). Shofuso is nestled within the historic grounds of West Fairmount Park, easily accessible from 76. Just around the corner, within walking distance, is the Please Touch Museum/Memorial Hall. 

Shofuso is a traditional Japanese home designed by Junzo Yoshimura, and was built in 1953 in Nagoya and presented to the Museum of Modern Art New York by the America-Japan Society of Tokyo for an exhibition in 1954-55. It was given to the City of Philadelphia and reassembled at the current site in 1958 with a garden designed by Sano Tansai. Although, you don't have to be an architectural nerd like myself to enjoy this treasure. The gardens are stunning, change with the seasons, and in short, a spa-like respite from the daily grind. The main attraction, (other than the house), is a koi filled pond with a waterfall. We were lucky enough to join a group that was granted access to the bridge and the small island near the center. 

At the entrance where you pay the small fee ($6 adults, $4 childen/seniors/college students), you can also buy a small cup of koi food for $2. The koi will fight for the food and grant you some energetic entertainment. In order to enter the house, you will need to take off your shoes, but not your socks. Bring socks you don't mind walking in, or take advantage of the stocking "footies" provided.

All in all, I enjoyed touring the grounds and the house and the many photographic opportunities this place has to offer. The whole experience left me feeling more serene, calm, and relaxed. Perhaps you can discover your own meaning of zen too.

Tips: Be sure to check out their website because they also offer other Japanese culture programs (under "programs" and "registration" tab), including a day camp for kids and tea ceremonies. I've already spotted a Japanese Ink Landscape Art Workshop that I'm interested in attending.
Well, after almost 8 years living in Philly, I finally made it to Shofuso Japanese House & Garden. Let me tell you something, Shofuso is not as "magical" as I thought it would be. Yet, you MUST visit at least once. 

Tips:
- Romance: Go on a nice date, when the sun is shining and birds are chirping. 
- Japanese tradition: Wear socks or stockings, as you'll remove your shoes as a sign of respect.
- Parking lot.: available
- Cost: $8/adult.
- Hours: April-October. 

Three and Half Yelps.
A truly beautiful, spiritual, peaceful place located in the heart of Fairmount Park, just a stones throw from where the cherry blossoms bloom and The Horticultural Center sits. I feel a visit here is a must for anyone who lives remotely close, for it takes you a world away. 

The house was built in Japan in 1953 using traditional techniques and materials. It then was housed in the courtyard at MOMA in New York. It moved to Philadelphia in 1958 onto the site of several previous Japanese structures and gardens dating all the way back to 1876. 

Crackling bamboo, stunning koi that come right to the surface, bonsais, a tea garden, statue of Jizu, protector of children and travelers, it's all just so lovely! 

They often host fantastic events here such as their annual ancient tea ceremonies which happens along side the Cherry Blossom Festival each spring. This is a fanatic time to visit! 

My family has participated in bonsai planting workshops which are pricey, but also in a sense, priceless. Check their site for other special classes and events. 

My children and their friend all loved it here despite it being a calmer, quieter atmosphere. We practiced yoga and meditated. If that's your thing, go for it here. It's the perfect place to do so! No one will disrupt you. 

You will be asked to remove your shoes as it is a sign of respect in this culture. They will provided "peds" for you if you do not have socks. 

The gardens and house are only opened seasonally from April through October.  

Children under 3 are free. 
Kids 3 and up are just $5!

Fab Philly Mom says: if your kids can behave themselves and respect the surroundings, definitely being them! Sit on the edge of the pond and make friends with friendly the koi!!
Shofuso Japanese House is a great place to stop and unwind while in Philadelphia.  The garden and landscape is well maintained.  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable.  While in the house, you'll have to take your shoes off to protect the old wooden floors.  The place itself is small, expect to spend about 20 minutes there.  There is an entrance fee of $12 to get in, but you can use Groupon for a discount.  It's worth checking out if no nothing else just the solitude and peacefulness you'll find here!
Shofuso holds a special place in my heart because 20 years separate my first and second visits. I went to Shofuso on a preschool field trip - I have pictures to corroborate that. I had completely forgotten about it, until one of my best friends - who coincidentally went to preschool with me - suggested that we come here on a day when we were both doing a whole lot of nothing. So my time here was intensely nostalgic - the beautiful verdure certainly enhanced those feelings.

WARNING: This place is as hidden as hidden gets. It took me over half an hour of circling and re-circling the various Belmont Ave. side streets to find the winding path you'll need to take to end up here. But part of Shofuso's magic is how tucked away it is. This isn't the type of place you'll just stumble upon. But that's why it's a lovely little wonderland.

While I know next to nothing about Japanese culture, I still enjoy visiting Shofuso. You don't need to be a world history aficionado to appreciate this place. Just some natural curiosity and an appreciation for something literally and figuratively off the beaten path. The $7 entrance fee did strike me as a bit steep initially, but this place is immersive in such a calming way that I didn't mind in the end. Not only can you tour the house and get little lessons on each room (note: there are several rooms you are NOT allowed to enter...which is a lot for a tiny house), but the surrounding garden and pond offer a mini-escape for people like me who are constantly busy/plugged in.

I will echo what others have said: this should not be your "day plan". You can see everything, talk to some of the staff and feed the koi in under and hour - and it won't be tight. This should just be an outing - maybe on your way into or out of Philly. 

Note: If you can, go take a peek at the koi. Unbeknownst to me, koi are meek little fish. I quickly found out that they are actually very, very big fish. And assertive ones at that. If they so much as sense the presence of food, those mouths will be fighting each other mercilessly immediately. It's quite the spectacle, I must say. My friend and I were entranced by them for quite a while. Their color, unusual gaping mechanism, their size...yet another attraction. 

I want to end on how serene this place is, which is why I enjoy it so much. The pictures do not do the garden/pond justice. It's a gorgeous little sanctuary away from the hustle and bustle of the city. These types of places are sorely underappreciated in this day and age. Sure, we took some pictures, but for the most part we allowed ourselves to be wrapped up in the natural beauty here. That kind of experience is a gift - one that's impossible to replicate in front of a computer or TV screen.
I am shocked that nobody has written a review on Shofuso Japanese House and Gardens yet!  This is one of my favorite secret spots in Philadelphia, set off from Fairmount Park and smushed between the city and its suburbs.

I originally came here on a trip with my high school classmates, and then took myself again a number of years later, and then once more with a friend a couple years ago.  It's a terrific slice of Japan sitting right here in Philadelphia, as the house, though larger than normal, is authentic, and made of traditional materials.  You really do get a feel of what life was like back in semi-feudal Japan.

The attendants that take your money ($6 for adults, $3 for students) also provide self-guided tour books which explain every room.  Afterwards, you are free to wander the zen garden, explore for hidden Buddha statues, and gaze into the koi pond.  The patio area is a nice place to sit and ponder.  

It's also important to note that Shofuso is consistently ranked amongst the top Japanese gardens in the nation.  Don't miss this amazing treasure amongst Philadelphia's many museums and cultural centers.
One of the very many things I love about Philadelphia is that there are any number of places where you can visit-and I am talking within city limits-and feel like you are somewhere else; far far away from this metropolis of 1,600,000 with the noise and pot holes, the guns and poverty, the murals and SEPTA, the bad and the good. 

This serene Japanese oasis has graced Fairmount Park since 1957. I try to visit at the beginning of each season (it's open from mid March to mid December) because that allows me to really drink in the most beautiful parts of the year.  Shofuso isn't 'just' a tea house; it also has a bathhouse and a kitchen as well as a koi pond with a waterfall, a tea garden, a bamboo forest, an island in the pond and a courtyard garden. It's a neat, breathtaking parcel of old Japan placed down in Fairmount Park.

One of my favorite ways of freeing myself from writer's block and my mundane life is to go mid week, take off my shoes (mandatory) and sit and watch the koi. You can take a self guided tour or have a docent show you around and provide history and background. Neither choice is right or wrong-it just depends on what you have time and a need for. As many times as I've joined a guided tour, I always learn new things. 

One of the sweetest visits I had was on a rainy Sunday afternoon. The guide was a young student and it was touchingly apparent as she took our very small group through the property how much she revered and treasured the place. That made me love it even more.  

When I'm here, my breathing deepens, my heartbeat slows down and I can feel my shoulders moving down from just under my ears back to where they belong. My pace becomes leisurely, my senses feel sharper as I pick up on the sounds of a koi leaping from the pond for an insect, the twitter of birds, the fluid sound of water cascading down the rain chain in one of the small courtyards and the soft creak and delicate crunch as someone steps on the grass mats in the tea house. 

Even if you know nothing about history, architecture or Japan-how can you resist such a beautifully exotic escape that requires no luggage, ticket or passport for only $12? While a self guided tour can take less than an hour, there is nothing preventing you from spending a full morning or afternoon at Shofuso-walking, reclining, meditating, feeding the koi, sketching, taking pictures and renewing your spirit.
I LOVE THIS PLACE. This is definitely one of the hidden gems in Philly - such a beautiful but not many people know of or visit it. And best of all, they have FREE PARKING.

The garden is located in Fairmount Park. Oh my goodness, I cannot stress enough how BEAUTIFUL this place is. I already know I want to come back. Definitely perfect for a casual stroll or a date. Tickets are $7 for adults and $5 for students with a student ID. The staff are super nice. I forgot my ID but the man at the front still let me in for $5. The place is absolutely serene and scenic. (Excuse this nerd moment but this place honestly looked like that scene of the Spirit Oasis in the Northern Water Tribe from that show, Avatar the Last Airbender. Yes, that was my first thought after walking in. And yes, my friend totally pretended he didn't hear what I just said after I voiced my thoughts out loud.)

Anyway they have so many cute things to do!
1.) TEA CEREMONY (check their website for the event dates/times) - Unfortunately there was no tea ceremony on the day we came because of July 4th weekend, but I'd definitely come back again if they were holding another event.
2.) STORY TIME for kids (but a lot of adults go too). There's also an arts & crafts table to make origami and paper kimonos. My friend and I spent a good hour at the table craftin' away and the staff was so sweet. I'm a huge fan of arts & crafts and I have to say, both of the kimonos I made came out pretty well. 
3.) FEED KOI FISH for an extra $2. The koi fish are HUGE because they're fed so often by tourists but they're also very beautiful. 
4.) Small GIFT SHOP that sells cultural items (chopsticks, koi fish lanterns, Japanese books, incense, bowls & mortars, the absolutely cutest erasers ever, and more)

*NOTE: I highly recommend coming here, ESPECIALLY when the weather is nice; it makes the experience that much more memorable.. My friend and I came on a day that was 70 degrees warm and sunny and it was perfect :)
What a gem in the midst of Fairmount Park. An authentic traditional Japanese house, garden and large koi pond. Just wish it was larger and the gardens were more accessible, but beautiful views nonetheless.
3.5 stars. It's a beautiful Japanese house and garden. It's pretty small though. You're pretty much done within 15 minutes. The house is a traditional Japanese house all with the sliding doors and mats. To get into the house, you must take off your shoes. If you do not have socks, they have disposable socks for you to wear. Some of the rooms are closed off after their events so you're basically walking around the house if you miss the tea ceremony events. (Check their calendar beforehand, if interested.) The garden is very pretty, but it's a really short walk. You do not get to walk all the way around the pond. The koi in the pond are huge. 

Cost of entry: $10 for adults, $5 for kids and students
Free parking
I recently started volunteering here with the head gardener, Francheska. It has been an amazing experience. It has been such an honor to get this beautiful oasis City ready for all visitors who come this spring.

Francheska deserves a raise with all the work that goes into this beautiful Japanese garden. Japanese gardens usually don't have a vast diversity of plants and trees but rather the beauty in how everything is arranged.

Lots of new work has gone into the area by the creek leading into the coy pond.

Great place to take kids to feed the coy fish in the pond. Come learn all there is to learn and see.
A drive from main Philly town, going here felt like a mini escape from the hustle and bustle. Take advantage of ordering Groupon tickets for a discount! Sadly, the garden wasn't as big as I had thought. 

You take off your shoes when you step inside the house. I'm sure I would have appreciated it better if I listened to a staff member share facts about it, but it was still cool to walk around. 

The outside though, is my style. Green on green, the place looked stunning next to the architecture of the garden. You definitely need to sit down to take it all in. Our favorite part has to go to feeding the koi fish. For $2, you get a nice amount and you'll have fun watching as the fish swarm over to you to have a piece.

If you're into beautiful scenery and nature, this is your place to visit.
This is a wonderful oasis in the outer reaches of Philadelphia.  I was in town on business and my hotel was about a mile away from the park.  On a free morning, I walked down to the park and checked it out.  I always enjoy exploring some of the nearby attractions which may not necessarily be the top sites of a city.  I enjoyed my visit to the Shofuso House & Garden.

Once I entered the area, I immediately felt that I had been transported to Japan.  My one piece of constructive criticism was the entrance fee of $6 for non-members.  Though I realize that it is likely rather expensive to maintain the buildings and the grounds, I could see how the fee would be a deterrent to some.  Outside of that, I was really impressed with the place.  

I arrived shortly after it opened at 10:00 AM, and I had the whole place to myself.  This was truly awesome as I was able to sit in front of the koi pond uninterrupted and soak it all in.  If you have the chance to visit during the week in the morning (as I did), you may be likely be rewarded with peaceful solitude.  I enjoyed strolling the grounds, via the stone footpaths.  I found little nooks and crannies, one with a statue tucked into a corner with some bamboo stalks.  

One of the employees/guides gave me some interesting background on the house itself.  It was built in Japan and transported to the United States.  Some of the panels in the house have been replaced, with more modern "waterfall" screens adorning the walls.  Apparently, the house was vandalized by squatters many years ago.  I would be interested to see some of the original artwork on the screens, though the replacements are a lovely modern interpretation of a waterfall.  

I am glad that I made the visit, particularly given the close proximity to my hotel.  If you are in the neighborhood and have an affinity for going "off-the-beaten track" then this would be a good addition to your list.  Don't let what feels like a steep entrance fee keep you from visiting a wonderful diversion in Philadelphia.
Skip this, dont come here unless you have nothing to do, it is TINY!! I came knowing this place is small but i was still surprised at how small it is.  We finished strolling around the whole place (outside pond + inside the house) in 5mins.  Definitely not worth the $7 per person especially if you have been to Japan.. Aside from the fact that this is small, i dont find it pretty at all either... My picture pretty much shows the whole back garden of this place.

If you do decide to come, make sure to check in on yelp and get your free pair of chopsticks!
I got up very early to earn the "first person in line" status to enter this wonderful little garden I have only heard about! 
What beautiful grounds (even on the outside!)  Very exciting just to see that great gate !!
When the staff opened those doors and welcomed us in... they told us the rules because we're still experiencing Covid restrictions at this time.
Wear mask at all times, take off shoes if you enter the house. Limited amount of folks on the grounds at all times.  Don't walk on the bridge where it is roped off.

So there is a wonderful Japanese house & tea room and a beautiful garden with Koi fish swimming around. 
At this time you can enjoy the cherry blossoms in full bloom. It was a beautiful day to be outside! Even the surrounding grounds had oodles and oodles of blooming pink and white cherry blossom! 
There are about three staff members that I saw that were able to help explain the Japanese House and Garden and it's history. 
You're very kind very helpful please know that you have to keep your mask on while on their property.
It really was a wonderfully relaxing time to see such a gorgeous wooden home plopped in the center of all this for his nature.
I really look forward to returning back to this little oasis in the middle of Philadelphia when the seasons change and I can see you maybe autumn colors and maybe attend one of their event. On a lovely positive note they have a gift shop which is one of my weaknesses and I had to buy some cherry blossom Chopsticks and one of their wonderful books that tell their story. Also if you're interested there are some original waterfall paintings on the shoji screens  inside the house by Japanese artist Hiroshi Senju. Interesting to see!!
Very nice Japanese House and Garden but it was nothing like I expected. I guess I was expecting a larger garden. I didn't think it was worth the $6 to walk around for 30 minutes and take pictures. Maybe if we attended a tea ceremony it would have been a better experience...

But I will say it was very quiet and peaceful, roll out the yoga mat and go at it!

As for the house itself, it has some rooms that are blocked off and we got kicked out of them because they failed to put a sign up in the doorway... in the house you have to take your shoes off, so make sure you have cute socks on!

Pluses: 
I am grateful for the check-in prize of a pair of chopsticks! 
There was a Japanese Flee Market with Poidog Philly and we had delicious Spam Musubi!

Since I don't live in Philly I probably won't come again but if you're in the area and want something different to do, give it a try!
Almost all of the staff is friendly, however I am currently watching Deputy Site Director Derek refuse entrance to a service animal of a veteran. He has called the police because the veteran does not want to disclose his medical condition ( asking such violates federal law ). Kudos for the veteran not backing down and sticking up for his rights. It does appear that another manager was able to make accommodations and smooth the situation out. Their staff needs to be better trained on the rules of the ADA.
This is a hidden gem. I've gone into Philly and recently discovered this place and I must say that it is a great place to come on a nice day out. The environment is so relaxing. If you are able to do the tour, I strongly recommend doing so.
If you're planning to spend an entire day at Shofuso, think again. Shofuso feels more like a museum. With a small koi pond around the house, the entire estate is quite small, and you will be done looking in about forty-five minutes. 

Technically, you are not allowed inside some rooms of the house, but if you see a guide walking around, you can ask them to let you in and even tell you more about its construction and purpose. The historical significance of the style of architecture - not so much. 

No spots to picnic inside Shofuso, but there is a lot of grass outside, near the Horticultural Center that you could lay out a blanket and hang out.
I was very unimpressed by this Japanese garden. I looked it up online prior to my visit to Philly and it looked beautiful and so we checked it out thinking that it would be something unique and interesting... it really isn't.

The garden itself is very small and the house lacks real culture. You can see the whole garden from one view point and spend 3 min walking around it. The house is a bunch of empty rooms that you aren't allowed to enter.

I'd recommend that you skip the house, save your $6, and go buy lunch instead.
A large group of us contacted Shofuso and asked if we were able to do a photoshoot at the gardens and they allowed us to. The tickets are very well priced for the experience, and they welcome students so make sure to bring your ID. 

The space is absolutely stunning and it really feels like you've stepped into Japan for the day. The plants, koi pond and the waterfall really add to the entire experience.  I didn't want to leave !

It is clear the entire staff is very passionate about caring for the space, and they were so patient and accommodating with our large group. There was no time limit and you are able to move through the gardens at your own pace. If you decide to give Shofuso a try, please be respectful of their rules, and be sure to read up on their website before entering the gardens. 

Make sure to bring shoes that are easy to take on and off as well, since you will need to take your shoes off when entering the rooms and veranda. It is important that you do this out of respect for the space so it stays beautiful for future guests for years to come. Overall it was an amazing experience and I hope to return one day soon !
A beautiful and cute place to stop by if in the area! It's really nice and romantic, and offers great opportunities for pictures (which we witnessed as a wedding party arrived). The house itself is pretty small, but very interesting. The whole thing will probably take you 30 min to an hour, but definitely transports you back in time!

PS. Check in with yelp...and you get free chop sticks at the gift store!
Environment: 5/5 - Very beautiful and peaceful but it's very small. I would recommend bringing socks if you're planning to go inside the house, but there isn't much in the house anyways. I would recommend going there for pictures only. 

It costs money, but if you're a college student, you'll get a discount!
This is a beautiful spot in Fairmount Park! The tea house and pond are surrounded by a wall. It's an authentic Japanese tea house. The tea house is beautiful with amazing handiwork. The pond has koi fish and and water lilies. There's a fee to enter this area but you can walk around the grounds surrounding it. The pond and tea house are visible from outside on one side. The grounds surrounding it are also beautiful with lots of trees, grass and walking trails. There is space to picnic. In Mid April the cherry blossoms bloom and are spectacular! It's peaceful place to sit and relax.
I'm going to be brutally honest about Shofuso. You can stand by the iron fence west of the house, maybe even take a seat on the stone wall. This costs $0/person. The other option is walk through the house - most rooms are closed - and sit in the grass by the water. This costs $6/person. I don't want my reviews to revolve around pricing because I believe there is a time and a place to let loose a little, to pay big money for a great meal or a great event. It's not about cost; it's about value. And frankly, Shofuso is not a great value unless, I suppose, you plan on laying out by the little lake for a few hours. But then again, why not go across the street onto the lawns of Fairmont Park? 

The staff are very friendly, very informative, and the house itself is a really beautiful structure. Dating back to 1958, it performs some nice sleight of hand as it transports you back in time and across an ocean. Particularly as I walked through the back rooms, through which runs a small creek, I felt the beauty of the house's thin walls and simple design, the overhanging roof that catches and sends the rain pouring toward the lake. I don't want this review to reflect negatively on the people working at Shofuso, nor on the neatness of the house itself. But, frankly, $6 is far too much to pay for entrance to the small grounds of the house and gardens. $2/person would be much more reasonable.
Spring in Philadelphia? A beautiful time to go to Fairmount park and explore. While your there take some time to visit Shofuso a traditional Japanese house.

The garden is large with a koi pond. At the gates you can buy a cup of food to feed the koi with their gaping mouths and begging eyes. Although, the cup of food seemed overpriced at about two dollars. Turn around the bend to find a tall Jizo Buddha, the patron saint of travelers and children, statue staring down. Toss a coin at his foot for luck and possibly protection. Stroll around the lake to enjoy a Japanese style garden which will bring tranquility to your heart even on the busiest day. After that, enter the house which has been transplanted to Philadelphia from an old Japan. Be sure to wear socks or stocking as you have to remove your shoes to walk through the house. You'll be rewarded though. The feel of the tatami underfoot will bring thoughts of fuedal Japan and its samurai to mind. The artwork painted on the walls evoked gorgeous Asian style waterfalls on our visit and practically came to life as we heard the fall of the water from the garden. Relax and enjoy what was a simpler time.

The staff was friendly and fairly knowledgeable about the house. They were happy to answer any questions that we asked.

If you've got a free afternoon in the park take in this site from a very different time and place in Philly.
This is a tranquil oasis in the middle of a gritty city. I bring my kids to this lovely place in Fairmount Park every summer. There are traditional Japanese tea ceremonies going on, and you can walk around the whole house and feel like you are in ancient Japan. The best thing is the huge pond out back filled with koi, turtles, and catfish. You can sit on the veranda and enjoy the beautiful landscape, or walk down the path and feed the fish. I'm struggling with the right words to describe this place fully, because it is so peaceful and pretty. It costs $12 for adults, and $8 for kids. It is simply breathtaking.
I seriously had flashbacks to my time in Japan because I totally hit my head on a doorway before remembering to duck frequently.  If you are 6'0" or taller, I can guarantee the experience of hitting your head on authentic Japanese architecture!

Shofuso is a very serene, cute place to kill an hour or two on a nice day.  It is a 17th century, authentic Japanese house on a garden with a nice waterfall and plants.  

Their website shows that they host some really cool events, like sake-moon viewing, performances, and tea ceremonies.

At the time of writing this, Shofuso had a special running that if you mention Yelp, you get buy-one-get-one-free admission.  Student admission is $3.  So, myself and a companion got to experience this place for $1.50 each...which is a goddamned steal.

I like Shofuso.
This was a boring waste of time and money. You can see into it from the road, so there's no reason to stand in line and pay. It's tiny, they are intensely dedicated to their arbitrary rules, and I didn't get anything out of it. It is pretty, but it was also pretty to the people standing 2 feet away taking the same photos I was. I wish I hadn't gone in.
The Yelp special worked for me -- I went yesterday.

The place is tiny -- I do not think it is worth the entrance fee, or visiting. The house may be okay (it is also small) and there were teenagers giving the summer tours. There were a handful of people visiting. The pond is quite small and I fed the koi, and they were pretty fish, but again, not very impressive. 

The garden itself is not bigger than backyard. I would not go back to take some to visit places in Philadelphia, which was my initial reason for going. It may be something fun to do on one's own, but definitely not a tourist spot worth seeing. 

Not sure how the yelp reviews are so high! Maybe I missed something.
I never even knew that this place existed although I've been quite near it several times. I had the opportunity to visit with parks on tap. It was a great experience. The grounds are lovely, especially the koi pond. It's a very natural and serene environment. Perfect for either a family outing or a date. I enjoyed the displays they had--which I believe change regularly. There are also small items for sale.
Beautiful place. Very relaxing, great to take a walk or sit and meditate. Will come again
Beautiful and interesting.  Small.  Free parking, and it was nice getting away from the extremely trafficky city for a while.  

I don't know much about traditional Japanese houses, but this one was very nice.  I liked the outdoor pathways overlooking the stream and the trees, and seeing the old-time wooden toilet, in particular.  I would love to have a house where you basically have rooms and all the paths to the rooms are outside.  

The fantastic koi pond was my favorite part!  First of all the pond/stream at the back of the house was tranquil, quiet and beautiful.  But it suddenly gets not so tranquil when you feed the koi and they come about burping and slurping and leaping over each other trying to get some food.  Buy koi food for $2 and have a fun time feeding them!  Their sucky mouths are really funny to watch and they pile on top of each other.  I took a lot of pictures and we sat there for a while.

If you want to take 45 minutes of your day and enjoy an interesting and relaxing site with cool fish and learn something about Japanese culture, this is a good place.  And we got a free pair of chopsticks!
We were so excited to visit Shofosu house on our trip to PA. When we arrived we realized we forgot our Military and Student ID so we paid $15 per person for entry. We waited 2 hours and 15 mins in line so there was no turning back and full of determination. Once we entered we were a bit disappointed. The interior was empty, without any literature, exhibits, or information explaining Japanese culture or the home. It takes all of 3-5 minutes to look at the entire home so I am unsure why it took so long to get there. The staff was friendly, but I would not say it was worth the $30, 4 hour drive there, or the 2+ hour wait. Very disappointing there was zero Japanese or Asian history taught here.
Took my friends from out of town here on a hot sweltering day and I was glad I did. I of course like a neglecting Philadelphian had not visited it before and I must say it was really beautiful. The house is finely structured and traditional Japanese style with little rooms to look into and observe. The tour guide was very long winded but thorough and I really enjoyed myself. If you get the chance check this place out. The one big problem is the price is a little steep if you're not a student or a member. IMO, it should be free.
The limited hours don't make this "museum" very easy to visit, but the knowledge of the employees and the slab of Japanese culture amidst Fairmount Park are unbeatable. The garden is peaceful and serene. I found myself considering a Japanese-style room in my future house because of the representation as provided by Shofuso. Although their gift table was a little pricy, I still supported them by purchasing two Geisha tea cups which I love!
Beautiful does not begin to describe this remake of a Japanese garden. Shofuso is a true hidden gem in which many Philadelphian's do not know about. It's intimate and peaceful. Wedding ceremonies are also help here about once a month as well as traditional tea ceremonies and classes. This visit will definitly not be my last.
After seeing some beautiful filter-free photos of this place, my friend and I decided to check it out (especially when a Groupon arrived in my inbox). While Shofuso is indeed impeccably maintained and historically/culturally interesting, it is also small and not too exciting. It took my friend and I approximately an hour to thoroughly check out the property. With more interactive exhibits and creativity, this place could really shine!
Beautiful hidden gem in fairmount park. It's even a little hard to find.

It's only $7 for an adult admission. They have a promo right now if you check in on yelp you'll get free chopsticks--I used that coupon!

The area is small and only took about 40 minutes to look at everything. We were expecting to spend maybe an hour or more. But it was beautiful and interesting nonetheless. 

The house is meant to be traditional, so you must remove your shoes before entering and wear socks inside. Not to worry if you wore sandals, though--they provide peds. 

Worth the trip! Also they have events and tea ceremonies that sound interesting!
I visited Shofuso Garden and House during a recent trip to Philadelphia.  My favorite part of the House and Garden was the instant peace I felt when I walked in the house.  After exiting the house, I visited the garden and fed the Koi fish in the pond.  I would have loved to stay longer and just sit.  The $7 admission for adults is reasonable.  You can buy a small cup of food to feed the Koi fish for $2.  It was really fun feeding the fish.  The Garden and the House can be seen in under an hour, because there is not a lot of ground to cover.  It was well worth the visit.
Lovely. I will definitely be back. It's a bit hard to find the place if you're walking there (it's behind the Please Touch Museum; don't make the mistake we did and go all the way around the park!!) but once you do, it's well worth it. The people working at the ticket booth are willing to give informal tours, which was great because many of them have studied Southeast Asian history and can speak at length about the different rooms and Japanese culture in general. $4 feels a bit steep considering how small the attraction is, but I found it was worth it especially considering that we were there for quite a while and it was incredibly peaceful. Would be great to come here on a good weather day and just sit by the pond or in the tea room.
Shofuso is a peaceful oasis in a big city. It is usually not crowded and visitors tend to be respectful of the place and each other. Take the time (at least an hour) to feel the power and absorb the beauty of the house, gardens, and pond.
A very beautiful and unique garden experience that cannot be missed.
Very Nice! 
Never knew it existed until my best friend showed it to me it was like being in japan in the middle of Fairmount Park! 
The beauty of the house is only surpassed by the surrounding garden and grounds. 
You should definitely stop and pay the $6 to support the city for bringing a bit of foreign culture to this section of Philadelphia
Shofuso is one of the most beautiful sites in Philadelphia, not only under the cherry blossoms but any time of year.  The staff are friendly and informative, and the volunteers work hard to keep the grounds beautiful.  We all owe a big "Arigatoo" to the Friends of the Japanese House and Garden, who have managed to raise the money and spend the volunteer hours needed to keep this site open and beautiful.
Great hidden jem! You would never know this place was so close to center city. Go for the afternoon and sit on the deck, watch the huge koi and little turtles swimming in the pond and listen to the birds in the cherry blossom trees. Admission is a meer $7 and it is totally worth it to support the house and gardens. It is so peaceful that I wish I could design my dream home to be exactly like it!
What's so great?

I heard a lot about this place for awhile now and decided to go with my wife and teenage son today. Well it was a nice area to walk, the greenhouse was nice, the koi fish were cool, but the house was not really much to look at and so overcrowded. I definitely do not think that a price of over $30 was worth it; especially after waiting in a long line to get in.
My family and I visited from Texas in mid-June this year and had a lovely time. We had a wonderful tour guide (young dark haired lady) that took us around and showed up all the details of the house. The lovely tour guide spent so much time answering questions from my ten year old daughter and they connected on Japanese culture while my husband and I looked on. It was one of the best experiences we had in Philadelphia.
Truly a hidden gem in the city of Philadelphia. Well persevered and beautiful. You honestly forget that you're in the middle of a major city, less than a mile from a major highway.
Car got broken into in the parking lot. Not much help from the museum or police. It you go just be ready, the clerk told me they have break ins at least once a week.
The house was pretty cool. In my opinion, it's the admission price is a little steep for what it is. The only rooms that really had anything in them were the kitchen and the bathroom which only housed a tub. Some of the rooms were off limits which wasn't really an issue since you could still see into them. I loved the garden! It was so gorgeous and the Koi literally swam right up to us and allowed us to pet them. My daughter was smitten with the big ones. She said they were like "water puppies". It's beautifully landscaped! I'm glad we took time out to visit. I wish there was more to see in the actual house though. That would have justified the cost a little more.
A beautiful traditional Japanese home that has been in this location for years. It has a tranquil garden with a wonderful waterfall. Plan to return for their tea ceremony in the near future. I had a brief tour during the Cherry Blossom Festival.
I think this is a nice place to see one in your life. It is a small historical site right outside of downtown Philadelphia and it would be a nice getaway from the hustle and bustle of the city. The place is surrounded by a larger park with lots of other things to do and areas for picnics. 

Parking can be a major hassle during the weekends and definitely during the spring time since everyone - and I mean everyone - is trying to bum rush the place. I think when I came here, the place was packed and it took 3 hours to get inside the place... yes, you heard me. 3 Hours. After about 2 hours of waiting, I was too stubborn to give up even though I was getting a tad bit hungry. 

Inside was small, but would have felt bigger if it was not as busy. They do have the house area where you have to take off your shoes to walk around. Then they have the outside garden area. The little bridge to the island looks pretty, but you can't walk on those. I can see why. 

They have koi fish everywhere and you can buy food to feed them. I recommend making a friend in line while you wait for 3 HOURS and split the cost of feeding the koi fish. 

Overall, it was a nice experience and if you want to see more cherry blossoms in the spring, you can easily see more at the park right outside. Also, if you can, the weekdays are probably much better for the experience and likely can get some nice shots without people everywhere.
A joke of a small garden with a koi pond. Just a small house where you check out the rooms and read the descriptions you can find in a middle school history book. Be prepared to take your shoes off so wear socks.  Not worth the $12.00 admission for 10 minutes of minimal wow factor. Hardly, worth checking out.
My wife and I came here on a trip through Philly on a very hot day. It isn't a terribly large building to tour, but it all appeared well done. I found the outside garden with the koi pond to be very enjoyable, and had a blast feeding the fish. Apparently, they must get a lot of food as they were practically forcing themselves over others to get to the food on the surface. The rest of the outside park was easily seen in about 10 minutes.

The staff seemed friendly enough. While you could ask the staff any questions you had, I wish there were more display or interactive boards to explain things without having to ask questions.
A short self guided tour of this cozy Japanese house and garden. The whole thing took us about a hour and only because the kids were feeding the koi fish.

It was a nice break from the city and would go back again.
Shofuso is an amazing, and historic, cultural treasure for Philadelphia located in a great setting in Fairmount Park. It was a gift to the United States after World War Two to symbolize peace and friendship between the two countries. Today it is a space for Japanese culture events like tea demonstrations and classes, storytelling events, celebrations of Japanese holidays, and other fascinating cultural lessons. The house itself is a bit small, so while it is always enjoyable to visit and take in the atmosphere, it would be best to visit on a day when there is a festival going on so you can take part in a cultural experience in the perfect setting.
It was very pleasant to see some Japanese history in Philly. This garden is located in such a green area that it healed me as soon as we started driving to the garden. There is an entrance fee but they have discounts for students so I paid $8. At first I wondered why there was an entrance fee for such a small house + garden but I'm reading that it's for upkeep and maintenance costs. It's such a quaint house and you learn about how Japanese people structured their rooms. For $2 you can feed koi fish which was really fun and relaxing to do. It's such a nice place to calm yourself from the city. They even had a table of stuff to buy so I got an incense holder.
