i cant believe the cashiers in this store. I am a senior citizen. I was putting my groceries on the belt and cookies slip out of my hand onto the belt, The cashier said to me don't you throw stuff at me. My mouth dropped, ignorant cashiers, only a couple are nice, worst shoprite I ever went to, I live coupe blocks from store, but drive to third and Oregon to shop, never go to that store
This has to be the worst food store I ever been in!! The employees are beyond rude, ignorant, unintelligent individuals I ever dealt with. The aisles are tiny meanwhile a whole entire family goes with the one person who's doing the shopping. They bring a million kids who are screaming and running around. Omg don't ask an employee a question they may have to actually talk to u or possibly show where a product which seems to be VeRy exhausting for them. Stay away from this shop rite unless u love down right low class people whom don't wanna work bt pretend they do. The food looks old shelves are a mess and staff that would do everyone a favor and get paid to stay home. Who ever owns this store u need to do a undercover walk through because I live around the corner and feel scared to spend my money there not welcoming for mewow sad excuse for a business:(
Just what I think experience has it that Shoprite can't get any worse, they can. I was in there with my daughter this morning who happens to have autism. She is extremely shy regarding people she has never met but the lady behind the counter at the seafood section was very nice and told her she was beautiful. Then my daughter shut down again because this was a person she didn't know. As we were leaving the seafood department the woman said goodbye to the both of us I said goodbye and I tried to get my daughter to we can college but she was a little uncomfortable. The woman she did however wave. The woman behind the counter then said you know what you're not beautiful anymore and my daughter started screaming which thank God I was able to redirect.  So congratulations to just thought this woman in their seafood department who upset and autistic child to the point of tears. I will never set foot in that store again even if it means going out of my way to the Shoprite on Oregon Avenue I believe third Street
This store continues to disappointment time after time. many items have expired and employees are miserable.  Don't think I will be returning anytime soon.
Do not shop at this location unless you want to: 
- Be profiled 
- Have your personal space invaded 
Keep in mind that I've shopped at this location for years. Never had any issues until today. I went to checkout and purchase my items. The lines were incredibly long (as per usual). I preferred to get in a sales associate line vs. self checkout because I had a good amount of items and 2 transactions. My dad is a disabled vet. I shop for him and myself. To be courteous, I don't get in self checkout lines because I know my transactions take some time. The lines today were just ridiculous and there were plenty of self checkout lines open, so I decided to use self checkout to purchase my items. Almost immediately, the sales associate in the checkout area decided that I was attempting to steal. She frequently walked in my area, looked at my screen and tried to peep in my bags. As I was finishing up, she walks over to me, says excuse me and proceeds to scroll through my screen and look in my bags. (She never explained her reasoning for doing so) She asks me to take something out of my bag and it was at that point that I was completely fed up with the level of disrespect and unprofessionalism that was presented. I explained to her that I had 2 transactions and assured that all of my items were paid for. She walked away and never even apologized for invading my space and accusing me of stealing. My issue with this situation was the sales associate's approach. Her bias was evident. She already had her mind made up that I was stealing. So her approach with me was unprofessional. In her mind, she just needed proof to support what she believed to be true. If ShopRite has a loss prevention policy, I understand. This all could have been avoided had the sales associate explained her reasoning for looking through my items. A "hello ma'am, I see you have a lot of items and it's store policy for me to check your receipt to ensure you paid for all of your items" would have sufficed. I had nothing to hide. Instead, I was treated like a thief. I don't appreciate being treated like that. Needless to say I will NEVER shop at this location again. It makes no sense for an establishment to treat their patrons like criminals. A simple explanation goes a long way. Instead of criminalizing customers, this location needs some serious customer service training. I refuse to spend my money where I'm clearly not wanted. I advise NOT to shop at this location unless you don't mind being treated poorly. It's absolutely unbelievable that ShopRite would even think that it's ok to treat their customers this way. I'm completely disgusted.
PROS:
- It gets the job done.  
- I could usually find what I needed here and the prices are pretty good.
- I could always find really good deals on meat here.
- Close to my house.
- Checkout staff were always courteous, even when blatantly exhausted.
- Everything was fresh and well-stocked.
- Open pretty much always.

CONS: 
- Constantly got hit on BY EMPLOYEES in uniform.  Nothing obscene or anything but still I'd rather be able to shop somewhere without having to worry about staff.
- More than once I've walked in to customers having PHYSICAL FIGHTS in the store.  Like once I could chalk up to "just one of those things" but good lord.  Maybe this technically isn't the store's fault but if the store wouldn't tolerate such behavior it probably wouldn't happen on multiple occasions.

NEUTRAL:
- No real "organic" (etc) selection, but this isn't Whole Foods and I could just go there if I really needed.
I really like Shop Rite but there is something so off -putting about this location.  I have shopped here in the past and thought the clientele was the issue that the people that worked there were pretty helpful/friendly but today was a different story. I was near the bakery and there were no tissues at the self serve bread/rolls bins. I looked over behind the counter and saw one woman icing a cake and two other employees standing next to her watching. I asked if someone could get more tissues for the bread and the two employee onlookers audibly sucked their teeth and barked at me that the tissue was in the box below.....it wasn't...I already checked. I again told them there was no tissue and again one of them asked me if I looked below...  it was like I interrupted them in their home...no one bothered to move or assist with tissue and I was not about to reach in with my hand so I just went on my way. 
Next stop was frozen food...I tried my best to navigate the shelf stickers and get some Talenti to no avail. No amount of "excuse me's" would get this guy to either pass me the pint or let me reach around and get it myself. He was like a statue-although he clearly heard and understood what I was trying to do I guess it was an inconvenient time for me to be there.  I guess they have enough customers.......back to Acme I go...or the ShopRite with the nightmare parking lot down at 3rd and Oregon.
Charges beverage tax to customers on items that are not taxed and then pockets the extra profits instead of waiting to see what items were going to be taxed by the distributor. This company and this particular owner (Brown) are crooks
This grocery store sucks, but it has the benefit of also being fairly cheap. The produce is awful. Unless you plan on using it that day, just walk on by. Deli is ok because they have cheap meats. The employees by and large are pretty useless. They don't know where things are and don't care to bother finding out. And few are at all friendly. They often seem annoyed that you're interrupting their conversations with each other. They're often out of things and have very few options within categories.

If you're going for standard pantry-type items, you'll find it here on the cheap, but you won't have a lot of choices. If you're not a standard American meat-n-potatoes kinda guy/gal, you're out of luck.
Don't shop here. Bad produce and you can get cheaper better produce in center city at iovine brothers. Customers were out of control and fighting (this isn't the stores fault it's just an unfortunate part of shopping here). If you just shop the sales at other grocery stores there's no price difference and a way better experience.
I get in the express line and the cashier Kim is immediately angry about processing my order, which happens to be wic for my son and laundry detergent. She basically yells at me "this is an express line, only twelve items!". So I count them, geteven though the detergent is a separate ortoder from the wic. It happens to be 13, so I put one item back. Kim proceeds to tell them customer behind me "she has wic, this is going to take a long time".

Also, attempting to talk under her breath she gruffs "now my line all long". Both transactions took 4 minutes tops. I'm on my way out the door and she apologizes to the man behind me. And my question is why? If anyone deserved an apology it's me. She embarrassed me because she didn't want to do her job. Made my decision easy, to never visit a Brown's again. Fresh grocer is more expensive, but never made me feel less than for having wic. Maybe stocking is a better position for Kim. Where dealing with the public, is at a minimal.
I would give the ShopRite zero stars if I could. Every time I have been here after going to the gym across the street it takes at least 20 minutes to check out. The customers constantly have problems with how the prices ring up. The staff does not seem to care or be in any hurry whatsoever. The store is also laid out terribly.  It is so worth it to drive to the ShopRite at Snyder and front st.
Not a great Shoprite - but a little better than the one near the Target.
NO customer service at all - and lines were pretty long on the (Saturday - duh) day we were there.

We go to the (also yucky) SuperFresh on Columbus for our bi-monthly shopping trips and supplement with Farmer's Market Fruit & Veggies (in spring/summer) and Whole Foods or Trader Joe's for other things.

Oh - and Target.  We're there a few times a month also.

Pro:  This shoprite has a BIG parking lot and we found a space easily - even though the store was busy and lines were long.  (Hey - open an extre couple of registers on the weekends, OK?)
Ugh, I don't know why I keep coming back to this one. Service is always horrible, the store is dirty, and the staff is never helpful. If you can get some of the cashiers to stop talking to each other and actually ring you up in a reasonable amount of time, you're a lucky one! There are random guys standing outside who follow you to your car. As long as you remember to tell them to stop following you, you'll be good. The one good thing they have going for them is that they're close to my house. If you have to go to ShopRite, go to the one near Front and Mifflin.
The older guy in the seafood department was very nasty and disrespectful. I ask for the price of the food I was buying from him he tells me to add it up myself.
This store has a couple of cashier who, are so ignorant, The older Africian American women in the meat dept, is great she goes in and gets me whatever I need from the butchers, when there is none out in dept, she is great, lunch meat dept is great, But the lack of vegan options is bad, I live three blocks away, but drive to third st for better vegan products and nicer cashier
I just broke up with Shop Rite, unfortunately! Only because I no longer eat processed foods and SRs organic, all natural foods section is little to none. However, I probably would have broken up with SR sooner than later anyway. Most stores are understaffed, lines longer than Walmart's and the employees are just rude. Seafood counter clearly says they're open until 9pm, yet the entire counter is wrapped up at 8pm. Having a retail background, I am well aware of wrap-up, recovery and cleaning procedures but I have never closed a section or my store an hour before listed hours. Think you want some salmon for dinner at 8? You won't be getting it. The butchers always seem bothered if you ask them a question. I get it, you're at work and busy but I am a customer and a nice one!!! 

This store in particular needs an update, better lighting(always seems dark and depressing) and a shopper friendly aisles! The aisles here are broken into 2 sections and labeled twice which can be confusing.  You can also tell that the store is barely recovered at night because I've come in the morning and the store looks trashed.  

Goodbye Shop Rite
Unfriendly staff...some are downright nasty...the cashier kim was slamming my produce before packing and made an effort to be obnoxious, repeating everything i said or asked for as if wasnt clear.  I asked to look up my shoprite card and she said you mean put in your phone number? Then when she asked if i had coupons and i said no she then goes ask asks you dont have any coupons? I said no loud and clear...no thank you no have a nice day just handed my receipt crumpled and went to greet the next customer (when she never even said hi to me when i walked up by the way) Go the extra mile to the store on front and snyder where the selection is greater and staff is friendlier.  This is the closest shoprite to me  only a couple blocks away but i will never shop here again!!
I went to this ShopRite on the morning of SuperBowl Sunday for some last-minute goodies. I was surprised at how few people were shopping that day, as it didn't seem much more crowded than a normal Sunday.

Large selection of products (varied brands, lots of different produce), but less than logical organization and labeling can make the items you need hard to find. For instance, not all of the aisles have signs explaining what is in them. Additionally, the produce was already picked over and it was only around 11. Reasonably clean. Although I was carrying a basket, the aisles were wide enough for two carts to pass (as long as the customer doesn't leave it in the middle). 

Come here for choices, but come early.

Also, the parking lot is a bit intimidating because it has shallow aisles (so you always have to be on the lookout for a spot, but on the other hand, it means a very short walk from almost everywhere).
Update: 

Maybe someone in store management reads Yelp, maybe not, but I am almost positive the service has improved dramatically. I have literally been in this store at least twice a week since October, so I have had sufficient experience to guage it, I think. 

For the record, the hold up in the express lines is always a little old lady doing something unnecessary... Say, demanding a markdown on a store-baked pie because the crust is slightly darker than she would like... Or grabbing the one item out of the whole lot where the bar code ihas been damaged. No, seriously... I have been the person stuck directly behind both of these ladies.

The rest of my review stands... the regular prices are far more reasonable than say a Genuardi's, Acme, or SuperFresh; the quality of the produce is notably superior to that of Pathmark, which is the only local store I can think of with similar prices; and the sales, which are good on a bad day, are incredible on a good day.

It's also the only place I can think of that sells plain, frozen, uncooked edamame. Which is the clincher for the 5th star. lol

As you were...

----------

I have such a love/hate relationship with this store...

The sales ROCK! I look forward to their weekly circular, and if, by chance, there isn't one on my doorstep on Thursday morning, don't think I won't grab one off the street!

I got 12 cans of Progresso Soup for like $10, a 12-pk of paper towels for $5, a 24-pk of t.p. for $4 and cartons of Friendly's Ice Cream for $1 each! Not pints, either... and cabbage is on sale through St. Patty's Day for NINE CENTS a pound. lol. More than once I have bought a weeks worth of groceries for less than $10. It makes me oh-so-happy!

Then comes the sucky part:

Between the hold-ups in the express checkout, and the long lines at the customer service counter (they are always issuing rain checks because the store always runs out of advertised items), I have walked out without spending any money more than once.

The service is extreme... the people are either too helpful - yesterday in the self-checkout, the chick overseeing the area kept "helping" me by punching in the codes for my produce when I wanted to do it myself. lol. That's the fun part! - or not at all helpful - You ask a question and the answer might be "I don't know" or "it should be in such-and-such location" and they walk away.
The check out lines are horrible... Express n regular... Store looks nice.... The move from Snyder was needed. However.... Too many people... Poorly designed check outs
Beware of Diane the cashier from hell. She actually bErster me for moving the divider behind me to the woman who stuff was munching into mine. Mind you the customer in front of me had a large space between my things and his and you would think nothing would've happened. Diane however chose to ring my things up with his. When her mistake was pointed out she actually blamed me saying I had no right to move the divider that only she is allowed to do so? I spoke to a manager about this abusive behavior.  She seemed very nice but I sincerely doubt anything will be done. From now on it's either shop from home or the new shop right at the lower end of Oregon Ave
It is a shame that I have been shopping here for years but the store just isn't what it use to be.  The store is becoming run down, floor cracking under your feet, more self check out counters than actual cashiers, poor management on duty and a lot of riff-raff outside the store all the time.  The lunch meat counter always has long lines and never enough people working.  The one good thing about this store is the morning baker (Tuveak) in the store. He is extremely talented and can create just about any cake you request. I will go to this store just for a custom cake made by Tuveak. Hoping with all the new construction in this area this Shop Rite invests some money into refurbishing it's store. Brown Family - put some money into your business!
Last week I was running around trying to get last minute supplies for my Obama birthday party and realized that I forgot the cake! I ran in shoprite's bakery section where I saw Angie, an employee who I have chitchatted with in Shoprite for a couple of years. I told her that I was fully aware that it is such short notice to get a cake with the specifics that I desired but she pleasantly agreed to "see what she could do". I was happy with the responce and said that I would be back later to pick it up. When I arrived she had obviously clocked out and I was nevous talking to another employee because of the sticky circumstances. The lady went to the back and brought a cake to the counter. It was the most amazing cake I could of asked for. It was patriotic, red, white & blue and had pretty handwriting. For such short notice...she did the damn thing! 

I went back to thank her for the wonderful effort she put into the cake but was suddenly rushed by a couple of business calls. Thank you Angie for you support in my party. I will never forget it!
Gross! Yuck! I am thoroughly disgusted!! I bought a pound of honeycrisp apples,  brought them home, cut one open and found core rot!!!! BLECH! 

Worst part is that the whole pound was rotten. Money down the drain. I would not go there again. 

The store is difficult to navigate and there are hardly any staff to help. When I pulled up in the parking lot I had flashbacks to the dodgey Save a lot and Pathmark in Germantown. 

I'm sticking with Aldi...


UPDATE - 

I spoke with the owner about the apples. She was very helpful and understanding. I upgraded my star rating because ultimately, it's not the stores fault that the supplier provided poor quality produce. 

I do still believe that the store could be organized better and more staff should be on hand to help customers find items. I think they should have security guards outside to prevent vagrants and loiterers.
This is your average, slightly ghetto, food shopping experience. I live close so I go here all the time, but if I'm not in a hurry I go down to the one at 29 Snyder Street. they have a cleaner store with a better team of people. whereas this one usually moves slower and the lines are always longer. the produce is average for the Philly market. They have a good selection and you can usually find a few sales. Come early or come late, the store is very crowded during the day.
I went food shopping at this location today instead of the shoprite on Snyder because I was in the area. The store was welcoming when you walked in. I was able to find most of the produce I was looking for. The zuchinni didn't seem fresh and I couldn't find the basil in plant form.  I was able to easily locate the other items that I was shopping for. I do think the setup of the isles is a little strange. There really isn't a flow with the isles to the left of the store. When it was time for checkout, the cashier was very friendly.
Come on weekdays. Preferably in the morning or afternoon to avoid the weekend crowds. Big parking lot definitely a plus.
I like the layout of this ShopRite because it never seems as crowded as the other locations. However, I don't recommend going here a couple of hours before close. Often the have begun stacking pallets and pallets of items everywhere. It's almost impossible to weave in and out of aisles. At night the staff seem more unfriendly too. I just wear headphones and go about my shopping. I come here because it's convenient but if you have the choice... go to the one on Front and Mifflin.
I'm torn on this grocery store.  While it is in an area that would made me expect crap, I was surprised to find that it is one of the nicer Super Markets I have been in.  The shelves are stacked and the aisles are clean.  Unfortunately, I shop for food based on sales and Shoprite is lacking in that department.  

As much as I dislike the Super Fresh across the street, I think I will continue to go there for my large grocery shopping trips.
I have never been a ShopRite shopper but this location is very convenient as it is around the corner from my job. It is just  your typical grocery store. Nothing too special about it but nothing too horrible about it either. Location is great for me to quickly grab something but I would not do my weekly shopping here. The store seems dirty to me and the produce never seems to be as fresh as I would like it.
I live in Girard Estate which neighbors this Shop Rite.  
The manager, Daryl is very helpful and I always see him giving instructions and guidance to the employees.  Depending on who is the head cashier they can be helpful but Stephanie was not.  I am hoping the store does an update soon since there is a lot of competition in the neighborhood with more cooked food options.  I am a creature of habit and will shop here since it is around the corner, but I am hoping the store itself gets a make over and a much needed update.

The Store Manager is making improvements in terms of more employees (which I see everyday).  I commend him for what he has to work with.  But again, the store itself needs a complete make over.   There are always "hack drivers" outside which need to go away.  Overall I always get
What I need and find things easily. 

Overall, this neighborhood needs to be updated and removal of all the low end stores surrounding us.  This will help eliminate the undesirable people.

Browns Family Shop Rite has a lot of potential. Hope they put more into it and update it more.
Very nice supermarket. The price was a reasonable. The line can be long when it's crowded. There are 6 self checkouts. Deli can be a long wait too.
Went to 2 different ShopRites in the area today and I swear it was the same customer service person on the PA system... really loud they begin every announcement with GOOD afternoon shoppers, then some distorted garble because they have it cranked up so high. Then I asked an employee if they had a cafe there, like most ShopRites ,where I could sit down... but they said no we don't have anything like that.
So-so produce, decent prices, somewhat friendly/helpful staff, awful signage, crazy layout, and parking lot from hell...
This is the closest grocery store to me. I go here simply out of convenience. I find the price points for the quality of the food poor. Some of the fresh veggies/fruits that I buy are nearly double the cost. The check out lines are always long and tend to run slow. They do run weekly specials and offer coupons. It's always a good idea to check these out first. Their app is pretty accessible. Their coupons can be downloaded onto the app and will be added to your ShopRite card associated with the app.
