I think there is some confusion here in regards to just where this business is. A reviewer posted that Yelp led him to the wrong location but the address is correct. Side of the Road has a brick and mortar "kitchen" in Sherman Mills on Scott's Lane but the hours listed are incorrect. They are open from 12-8 pm. The proprietor ALSO sets up a BBQ "stand" where he comes out in the evening to cook. The last reported location was on "the side of the road" at 2nd and Laurel in Northern Liberties. There should be two listings here since he's doing business in two separate places with completely different hours.

This review is for Sherman Mills. It was tricky to even find this place. The signage is there if you look for the yellow chicken. I had gone two days in a row and both times my experience, and my companions agreed, left a lot to be desired.

Day one my mom and I enter and the place is indeed a kitchen with two young women working. One of them directs us to the chalkboard but when I inquire about the brisket special she tells me "we don't have it", there was also no boneless chicken. I suggested she simply erase  the items that were gone. She quips back at me,"well we had it earlier." Yes dear but you don't have it now and it's a chalkboard. How lazy can you be? It would make your life and mine easier. We wouldn't even be having this conversation. A couple more questions later I can tell the girl is trying to hide her agitation but we got through the transaction.

I returned the next day with my aunt and cousin and found the same two girls. Even though I'd brought them more business the attitude was completely ambivalent. On top of that, the girls thought it was completely appropriate to conduct a face time chat in front of us in which they loudly giggled and made continued reference to their "hot girl summer" and if you're unclear about the connotations of that check your urban dictionary. Completely unprofessional. Made us very uncomfortable as we kept exchanging looks. 

As for the food the first day I had wings and shrimp. The shrimp were terrific and the wings were tasty if not a bit small and I'm talking Cornish hen small. The second day I had the drumsticks and thighs. They did not taste jerked at all let alone bbq'ed. My aunt had what they called roasted sprouts but they clearly were not and my cousin said the Mac and cheese was average.

As I mentioned, this is a working kitchen and you stand there and watch the girls pull this and that out, throw it in an oven wait for the timer and put it all together. It's an awkward experience. Combined with the behavior and inconsistent flavors I don't recommend this business.
Pop quiz:
You've just arrived at the night market. What's your next move?

Do you: (a) Explore the market? (b) Find your favorite food truck/ vendor and wait patiently in line?
I know what I'd pick. Well, now I do.

Nando F and I waited in-line at the "Side of the Road" Jerk Chicken stand, at the Night Market for about 20-30 minutes. We got two 1/2 orders of authentic Jamaican jerk chicken quarters ($5 each). It did the trick with its delicious flavor. It's not the best I've ever had, but definitely so worth the wait. Let this be your first stop.

Four Yelps.
Follow your nose -- or a hungry drinking buddy -- to James and his two smoky, wood-fired barbecues on the side of the road. 

Leg, thigh, fatty crackle of tail -- James knows birds won't be rushed, and he's not serving you yours until it's good and ready. On the table awaits a sticky platoon of fruit-based hot sauces varying in intensity and spice, and a blackened, battered slice of a tree showing the scars of ten thousand cleaver blows. 

Creamy flesh, charred skin and splashes of as many sauces as you can stand.  It's street meat heaven.
What can I say about Chicken Man?  What CAN'T I say about Chicken Man?  Ok, I know he has a name, and it's James.  But what matters here is chicken.  Deliciously, perfectly charred, fall off the bone, freshly cooked at 2am when you need it most, covered in your choice of about 80,000 insanely good homemade sauces ranging from sweet pear peach to hot habanero.  This guy James knows chicken, and that's why he IS Chicken Man.
James, the owner of this establishment is all about creating the experience. Whether you are a newbie, or a member of the growing cultish following that look for him in the wee hours of the morning faithfully, he makes you feel at home and welcomes you into his jerk family. He is known for amazing sauces that range from sweet to spicy with everything in between. My favorite is the pear sauce. I know "side of the road" may sound a little sketchy, but it's legit. He is sought after for private events such as weddings, superball parties, NYE parties, office parties, and was even invited to welcome delegates from the DNC convention in Philly. The best, hands down...You just have to try it for yourself.
Jerk chicken wings were delicious. Got it with peach BBQ sauce on the side and it really paired well together. Very welcoming feel with the smoker right out front of the restaurant. Will definitely give it another go when I'm back in the area!
Upset! Went to get my jerk chicken fix and found out they are no longer at this spot. I don't understand what happen but Ice cream portion is still there  and that great tasting jerk chicken is gone. I asked questions but know body seem to know what happen.  That sucks!
I'm a jerk chicken lover. I like it spicy and flavorful.  I had high hopes. While the chicken was good it arrived cold.  My daughter and I split the order of dark meat and while it was smoked perfectly, it lacked seasoning.  We had to add salt and pepper.  The jerk sauce was vinegar based.  I am used to the walkers woods herby kick you in the throat type sauces.  The dark thick sauce.  This was orange.  Literally. 

My daughter agreed it was not great.  We had the sprouts which were brown.  Literally all brown.  Just from sitting too long like old cabbage.  We did not eat them, but I could tell they would have been great if they were FRESH.  

Last the coconut rice was overpowered by allspice/pimento.  Did not care for it.  Would I go back probably not.  It was a good try.
Definitely a solid 4/5 for me. Chicken was flavorful and definitely much more moist than most jerk I've had here in Philly. The mango and jerk sauce were delicious. That being said $8 for a tiny container of Mac is a little excessive. Portions in general could have been a bit larger, but all in all it was a satisfying meal
So I saw this place on Tv and was really intrigued
So I decided to DoorDash knowing how it works I wasn't in a rush I just wanted to try the food 
So after 1hr I figured they were busy then I received a call saying they didn't have the rice I said that fine I'll get credited from door dash just bring me my stuff now if it's ready
The driver stayed on the phone with me to say it's new people in here and it seems like they don't know what they are doing she said they were looking for things when they were sitting right in front of them 
My mac n cheese was on the counter but the person bagging the food kept yelling for them to bring her Mac 
I got my order shortly after they realized my been ready  and I will say the chicken is amazing but I had no sauce with my chicken and that is supposed to come with and my Mac  poor little cup expensive sad Mac now I know why she was waiting for more Mac because this carton should not have been sold it looked like the Mac from week old thanksgiving leftovers constantly being reheated and overcooked. 
This was just my first order on my second order I only got 2 out of 7 things that I actually ordered  highly frustrating
Love the name because it suits this place in a good way! When I moved into the area the place was closed up and couldn't imagine what this place could be. This place deserves what they turn it into! It's a pull up cold treat/jerk treat spot. Pull up and order jerk tasty chicken,pork,shrimp and Salmon or order cold treat. They have a nice outdoor seating area. 
I've been here twice and had a good experience both time. First time I  had the Jerk leg quarter and Mac n'cheese it all was great. Second time which was today I had the Jerk  leg quarter and the Jerk Shrimp very tasty again only difference was the BBQ sauce  First time I had a some kind of mustered BBQ sauce  Second time was a regular sauce. That mustered BBQ sauce had me licking out the little containers it came in. 
The only thing I didn't like it that they don't have any   meal combo everything is bought separately!
Yelps location directions for this place is all wrong. Will have you in a residential neighborhood.  The real location is 2nd and Laurel Street Philadelphia, PA. Don't let yelp get you lost like it did me.
This is hands down the best chicken I've ever had.

If you're ever walking down 2nd Street and see a guy selling chicken, do it.  You wouldn't expect it, but it's amazing.  The chicken falls right off the bone.  The sauces are delicious.  The guy selling it is interesting and engaging.
The Best Authentic Jamaican Jerk Chicken you'll ever find in Philly! 

James, the owner is always on a move, but will announce his whereabouts on various social media platforms (follow his Facebook or IG @sideoftheroadjerkchicken). I usually visit on the weekends when he sets up shop in Northern Liberties on the corner of 2nd & Laurel. 

The chicken is cooked in a smoker grill utilizing various types of wood. Whatever wood & marinade James is using, it's lip-smackin' good. The platter comes with a whole chicken leg chopped up in 4 pieces, a slice of potato bread, & as much complimentary homemade sauces as you want. James makes his own sauces, ranging from mild to extra spicy. Each platter costs $10 (used to be $7 a couple years back). It's definitely worth "the experience" like James' motto states. It's the juiciest, smokiest, & most flavorful jerk chicken you'll ever have. Trust me on this. 

James usually sets up shop at 11PM or later in Northern Liberties, even when he says he'll be there at 9 or 10PM. It takes him about an hour at least to set up when he arrives. I learned it the hard way. Showed at 9PM, didn't see him, came back at 11PM, & had to wait until midnight for the chicken to be ready to be served. It sucked, but the mouthwatering jerk chicken made up for it. 

Highly recommend it if you haven't tried it yet!
I walked in the snow for this chicken, he's a pro the food is delicious. The perfect jerk wings.
Food is absolutely delicious, staff is amazingly friendly. You feel like you're in on a special secret when you're there. The portions are very generous so even if it seems expensive, you're getting at least two meals out of it. Try the Mac n cheese!
Great food, excellent taste, good variety of flavors to pick from. Service was slow but the place was very busy so they get a pass for my first time there yesterday. Finally, food was well worth the wait!
Was working in the area and decided to give this place a try. I made a great decision. I had the jerk boneless chicken breast. The meat was juicy and had enough jerk seasoning on it. I want to taste the meat and not just seasoning. Also had the Mac n cheese which was very good. They offered 2 sauces , I had the mango and the 50/50 both were very good. Looking forward to me next visit
This pop up shop is amazing!! Side of the Road Jerk chicken is a mobile pop up shop serving pretty amazing Jerk chicken, salmon sliders, beef briskets and sides. I have had there food at the Baltimore Ave $1 stroll and other pop up locations. The owner and chef has unique sauces such as Peach infused BBQ sauce there are over 14 sauces to choose from. Definitely worth to try this food out.
Hello Fellow foodies!
If your looking or want to try some great jerk chicken & rice and beans- peas! & more. Go Visit the Jerk Chicken man. The Salmon slider just amazing, no sauce needed however had try his wonderful selection of sauces. My favorite are the Jerk sauce off course!! Duh! & the 50/50. Now for the mouth watering, moist and tenderJerk chicken. Let me say It met my taste buds craving for some good JERK Chicken with and without the amazing sauces. One happy customer!! Thanks for the experience. 
Side of the road Jerk Chicken- The Jerk Chicken Man
Let me start by saying I hate fish, always have...thought I always would.  That all changed when I went to the Side of the Road Jerk Chicken tent at East Falls Farm Market this afternoon.  We made it to the market much later than intended (around 1:15pm), and we were informed that all of the chicken was sold out and they only had their smoked jerk salmon left.  We drove down here from Bucks County so we decided to get some sides and give the salmon a try since we drove all of that way anyway.  I dug into the sides thinking that was the best I would get for the drive downtown, but then...just to satisfy my curiosity, I tried the salmon.  O...M...G!!!!!  That piece of smoked jerk salmon was unbelievably amazing! The spice rub was the perfect blend, the Smokey flavor was just enough to transform the "fishy ocean" flavor that makes me despise fish. There was a thin layer of fat or skin on the bottom that made the flavors explode in my mouth, and I had a very difficult time forcing myself to share with my husband.  So, what I thought was going to be a serious disappointment turned out to be an unbelievable surprise.  Well done folks, if your fish is that great, I can't wait to come back and try your brisket & chicken.
Wings were very flavorful! Great sauces. Lemonade was spectacular! Definitely will be ordering from them again. I take my hat  off to whomever is on the grille !!
I wanted to try it because I love the pictures on Instagram and the people stated that were good.  I went yesterday and got an order of the chicken wings.  I am literally sick to my stomach today because I just tried to eat them for lunch and they are too tough to pull apart as well as red in the inside.  Uggggggg
This place would be great if it opens on time. The food is never ready nor are the staff. However, even when the food is ready they tell you there is someone before you. I'm like ok? but are they here ready to pay? No, ok then. You can be the only one waiting and they take all day to prepare something that is already made. When they say open at 12 noon it means 1 or 2 pm smh. 2 stars cause the food is good.
Chicken was decent; tender & juicy, but seasoning was minimal. Pineapple lemonade didn't taste much like pineapple. I gave it 1 star because of horrible customer service.
I was first told about this Wonderful place via a link to the show Localish, so I decided to give it a try. Number one, the chicken is absolutely great. The jerk chicken reminded me of Scotchie's in Jamaica, all I needed was a couple of Festivals and I would've sworn I was back there. The macaroni & cheese is really good, as well as the rice. The meal also came with 4 good dipping sauces.....and ladies, the owner is tall & good looking (no disrespect to a possible wife or significant other). My only criticism is the chicken skin could've been cooked 20-30 seconds longer (granted, I did arrive 5 minutes before they closed and the owner & staff seem pleasant enough to oblige my request), but I will DEFINITIVELY return.
I looked for this food for months! Finally caught up with them and I was beyond pleased! The jerk chicken is as good as it looks and the sauces made it even better.. Be sure to try out the Brussels sprouts and jerk salmon! Oh the lemonade was everything right in life!
never tasted the chicken, totally disappointed in the process, a damn rat race, you go to one location to pay and order and another to sit and wait for your order to be dropped off. accompanied with bad customer service, unless your white they will take you by the hand..
finally made time to slide by 'side of the road jerk chicken' and meet the jerk chicken man james himself. what a great guy. its very very rare that you encounter someone who is so so receptive and welcoming to customers he knows and in my case doesnt know. called my order in maybe 15 mins in advance but unfortuantely due to his popularity the tent was packed when i got there. had a pretty good wait in line to get my order but i must admit, watching him work was an absolute treat. you can clearly see james loves his job and loves people, hence the steady crowd of customers he attracts. 

on to the food. on the menu last night was the usual jerk chicken quarters, jerk wings and smoked brisket. i had the chicken quarters and the meat was smoked to perfection and very juicy. but man, that brisket was phenomenal. it was tender and juicy and had that beautiful smokey red layer just under the skin that all true bbq/smoking fans know and love. to top everything off, james offers a wide variety of sauces to go with your meal. choices included banana, jerk, pineapple, tangerine and several others. i tried a few of them and they were all good. 

this is def a great go to spot on the weekends if youre out and about late night and dont mind standing in line for a bit. i think the worst thing about the location is the abundance of drunks in the area and thats not james' fault but if you have low tolerance for that kind of stupidity then you may wanna try to get there early right after he sets up. all in all, i'd highly recommend this spot to anyone that wants authentic smoked meats and sauces and most importantly, service with a smile.
