Had the chance to check out the Simeone Foundation Automotive Museum a couple of weekends ago, and was amazed. After living in Philly for so long, I'm shocked that I didn't know this place existed. 

As you walk around the museum, there is so much to be seen. They've got quite a large collection of the world's rarest and famous race cars. 

While I'm no car expert or enthusiast by any means, admiring each of the cars and taking in all the history was so cool. 

Later, there was a driving demo of a select 7-8 cars. The cars were removed from display and carefully pushed out into the parking lot. Ticket holders are welcomed to stand behind a guard rail and watch the driver drive each car around the parking lot. The driver guns the car, takes it around the parking lot a few rounds, and really showcases the car for what it is. 

After the demo, the cars are left in the parking lot for ticket holders to get a closer look and take pictures. It is a one of a kind experience. 

Make sure to check their calendar for upcoming events as different cars are showcased on different demo days. 

Simeone Foundation Automotive Museum is  definitely a fun way to spend the afternoon. Ticket prices are more than reasonable at $12 for adults, $10 for seniors and free for kids under 18.
I'll let you in on a secret... I was not terribly excited to visit the race car museum. But, after dragging my husband to so many art museums and galleries over the years, I owed him one. Plus, I could look at the cars as design, right? 

I really enjoyed the hour or so we spent in the Simeone Museum. We even met Dr. Simeone, who told us about his collection and that the cars are displayed in dioramas showcasing their natural habitats. Plus, they do "driving days" once a month and take the cars out. 

Wandering around the old cars, you'll feel the passion this organization has for the cars, the races, and the history. The dioramas made me smile; they're sweet like an elementary school science fair project - made with pride and just as educational as they are silly. The write-ups on the cars aren't particularly well-written, but they show enthusiasm and will probably make more sense to those already versed in car speak. 

They host special exhibitions, which is reason enough to come back. The Saab one is almost over, and the Best of Britain is up next, and a motorcycle one will be later this year. The museum is a large warehouse space, so if it's cold day, keep your coat on!
Can it be any less than a 5 star review?  In no way could it.  I went first right after it opened, and was given the tour by Dr. Fred himself!

The passion was and is eminent, the permanent collection unreal, and the loaned cars (365 P Speciale Ferrari!) are also top notch,

If you're even close to being a car guy or gal Do Not Miss It!
If your into racing sports cars, this is a hidden gem in central Philly.  Many roadsters dating from 20's to present.  Several race winners stored here.  Check their website for weekend demos where they take cats and drive them around on the back lot.  Today was Maserati/Ferrari demo day.  They also previewed a couple of movies coming out soon.  Nice place to hang out for a couple hours if your a race fan.
Fantastic museum. I'm not a fan of racing but you don't have to be to enjoy this museum. They had a terrific collection of cars, as old as 1899. Fords, BMW's, Benz's, Rolls Royce's, Corvette's & so much more.

They do a great job of explaining how each car was associated with racing in some way, while also providing a description of the history of the car itself. There were some videos that showed actual footage of the cars during the races. I took so many pictures. 

The other thing that made my visit today so cool was that I got to see some extra cars, bc they had an auction that they were setting up for, so I got to see the cars that were going to be in the auction, from a 78 Porsche to an 87 Ferrari.

Beautiful collection of cars & well worth the $10 admission price. This is definitely one of the better car museums, I've been to & it's ironic that it's designed as a racing museum, even though I'm not a racing fan. Great car museum that you can see & spend a good hour and a half or so in, simply of your a fan of automobiles from different eras.
The Simeone Museum has some very cool, amazing cars.  I was here for a wine & food festival and loved being able to see and learn about these beautiful and unique race cars. Probably worth a visit for anyone interested in cars or design & definitely a great bonus for guests who are primarily here for another event.
Met all of my expectations. Lots of historic racing automobiles?  Affordable entry fee?  Self guided tour with phone app?  Free WiFi?  

It's not a huge museum. But there is plenty to see and if you take your time to read everything it you should plan on being there for at least an hour. There is a gift shop and also a small library of rare and collectible automobile/racing books and magazines.
This place is unbelievable! Step back into time and let your imagination run wild....

The museum can also be rented out for Bar/Bat Mitzvahs, Corporate events, etc...HUGE amount of space to work with!
When I heard about this place, I thought, how did I not know about it until now? 

As a car lover, I grew up going to all sorts of car shows, so visiting the Simeone Museum was a must for me. 

The museum is past the airport, near all the not-so-nice used car spots. 

During my visit, I enjoyed learning about different cars. I also enjoyed the smell of the museum - no sarcasm - it's the smell you get from cement absorbing gasoline or other car fluids. Authentic. This is definitely a collection of unique and interesting cars that you won't see anywhere else. How about that BMW 328?! I've never seen anything like it. Adorable.

I wish the gift shop had a shot glass or something more pedestrian for me to take home, since I don't currently collect model cars. 

You can check their events calendar online for their demo days and other events. I'm looking forward to taking my Dad here, hopefully for their Best of Germany demo day later this year!
A lazy day with my son so I went searching for something to do.  He's at that age where he's really into cars, naming them as we're driving.  So I found Simeone Foundation Museum.  Living in Philly for the past 15 years I've never heard of it.  Went online, found their website and hours and decided to visit on Sunday around the time they opened.  

The museum is located behind a strip of car dealerships somewhat close to the airport.  The museum was manned by very pleasant people.  When we got there, there was only one other party there, so we basically had the museum almost all to ourselves.  There quite a number of cars and my son picked up the activity sheet to locate the cars and walked around marking the ones he saw.  There was an arrangement of much older cars, early 1900s to classic sports cars from the 50s to 80s.  As we walked, he'd sit and watch some of the videos that were playing.  

As we left, I got him a car at the gift shop.  It took us a little over an hour to cover the museum.  We had a good time.  This is one of those museums you visit once and enjoy the experience for what it is.
If you like cars, you need to put the Simeone  Foundation on your bucket list. Started by Dr. Fred Simeone to preserve and share his extensive car collection, the museum celebrates the spirit of competition - cars that have a strong and successful racing pedigree. Dr. Fred has laid out the cars in dioramas that mimic the environment that they raced in. The dioramas are arranged in chronological order, from the earliest days of motoring through to the golden age of racing in the 1970s. 

There are American, German, British, French and Italian cars in the huge expanse that is the foundation. Visitors are not only allowed, they are encouraged to take photographs. That's pretty rare in a high class collection like this and the reason I have visited many times. Each time I find another car or fact or bit of memorabilia that makes me smile. Such is the Simeone.

I recommend you go to their web site and get on their mailing list. They have Saturday events every month where the run some of the cars on a football field sized parking lot in demonstration runs. Really exciting.

Love cars? Have kids? Are a kid at heart? Make a date to visit this great museum.
What a cool collection of cars!
The staging made everything extra special.
It was great fun!

We also happened to be at the Museum while the Holiday Art Star Craft Bazaar was taking place. Cute and Unique Crafts!
Amazing collection of vintage racing cars. Went on a rainy day with my girlfriend during the middle of the week. We were literally the only people there, but that made it feel like we were on our own private tour. The staff was extremely knowledgable and even let us get up close to a few cars for some great pictures. Definitely a must for any car enthusiast and well worth the money!
If you love classic cars, check out this place. Absolutely amazing collection of extremely rare cars. Staff is super friendly and helpful as well.
Awesome museum never heard of the place until I got a invite for the elite tuner show which I'm currently at great place a lot of history involved in this building. I will have to come here again
Took my twin boys to check the cars out. It was awesome. All kinds of gorgeous cars with a lot of racing history. 

Worth the taxi ride out of town. We will be back.
This museum is a true gem. Somehow visitors internationally laying over in Philadelphia are more aware of this than place than many/most locals. 

There are millions of dollars of vehicles in this beautiful, accessible show room in Southwest Philly. 

In fact, there is a 1960s Jaguar that Mick Jagger wanted but was OUTBID!  

Car fan or car curiosity. A worthwhile visit. 

BTW. Great for little kids. Space and light crowds
A great experience. Place was practically deserted, on a summer Sunday afternoon. Great collection of automobiles. Got on the email list so I can be notified of special events. Place is not really well-known. Passed it on to my dad and his friend.

Relatively inexpensive. My son was able to use his student car for a discount. Clean and sensible lay out with easy parking out front. Located in the vicinity of the airport, tucked back where some of the rental car companies are located.

Well worth the trip.
Really cool auto museum, won International award as best auto museum recently. Even better as a location for special events from 60-6000. Full disclosure. I help bring events to the museum. I work with the best caterers that are on their preferred list, and if you need help with a corporate, social or fundraising event I can certainly help you. Yes, shameless self promotion, sorry.
The Simeone auto museum I had an impressive collection of cars. 

Adults will probably enjoy this place. Each car has a placard describing its significance. Little kids may have a harder time; lots of reading. Although kids can play in 4 Playschool plastic toy cars, they are obviously not permitted in all these antique relics. Neither are you. 

Not just any old thing can get in (no Indy, formula, etc). Specific criteria. Had to be a race car (lights, fenders). Have race significance. Matching body/engine.  

I would like to come again on one of the Saturdays where they drive these things behind the museum. Have you heard how a car from the 1930s sounds? That's why these cars aren't in mothballs. 

Obscure place. Interesting. Owner walks around in there.
I took my dad who is a total car fanatic to the Simeone Automotive Museum.  It was cool.  My dad really enjoyed it.  It had racing cars from the pre WWI era up to the present.  They let you take pictures and some of the cars you can touch.

The museum only takes about an hour to get through.  On the last Saturday of each month, they take some of the cars out of the display and run them. COOL!
I went to a car part swap meet sort of event in the parking lot here a few years back, and we were given free admission for being a part of it. I was with an ex and I must say I'm not into cars whatsoever. But this is the sort of place that it doesn't matter if you're into cars or not. The collection is absolutely amazing and the history alone of the vehicles and the museum itself is enough to make me want to come back and visit again. It's an extraordinary facility run by extraordinary people. I highly recommend you check it out whether you're into cars or not! It's truly a local gem.
This place is awesome. In a nondescript building in the middle of junk yards lies this museum.  My 17 yo son was at first a little reluctant but that went away as soon as we saw the first car.  They have an amazing array of vehicles presented in dioramas.  The best part was that they all run except for 3.  Will go back.
This place is way cool.  I only know it existed my wife's flight was delayed. I had a friend along for the ride who loves cars and we now needed to Kill an hour. Thanks to yelp we had a great way to do so.
What a FIND!  Did a simple Google search while visiting Philly and found this GEM of a place. Amazing cars from the beginning of car-time. It will take about 2 hours to see this place completely.As you're wandering around you might meet up with one of the volunteers who will lovingly devote as much time as you want to discuss the cars, the museum or answer any questions you have. We met "Shiny Bob" whose job it was to polish. But don't let his title fool you... these cars are purposefully NOT restored. They are displayed as found so some are rusty and the paint jobs are truly aged. If you love cars or just want something totally different to do - RACE to the Simeone Foundation Automotive Museum.
Such an awesome museum! Brought my dad here because he's a huge automobile fan and he loved it! The staff were really nice and answered questions about the different cars. They also do demo days where they drive the cars, but we weren't able to go to one. Currently there is a Groupon deal that made it about $30 for 4 tickets, which isn't bad. Definitely go check this hidden gem out, located about 10 minutes from the airport
What an incredible collection of autos. You have to see it to believe it. Some of the rarest race cars of all time. Take you kids and see a piece of history unlike anything else in Philadelphia.
I wanted to get here earlier today but my partner in crime was running late. We came about a half an hour before their closing and still enjoyed ourselves so much! The cars here are so cool and displays are impressive. I really look forward to coming back with more time to spend there. Their staff suggested coming on  a demo day, which we most definitely will try for next time!
If you like sports cars, don't miss this hidden gem. More gorgeous automobiles in one location than I've ever seen in my life. I had no idea this existed in Philadelphia, but my daughter and I spent a couple hours there this afternoon and thoroughly enjoyed it. Only wish I could drive one of them myself!
With Herb
Amazing private collection of vintage automobiles. The cars are displayed in a diorama type format, giving a perspective of .their relation to automotive history. The is a strong representation of competition cars. There are literally millions of dollars of cars under one roof. What makes this place different from virtually any other museum is that once a month they take a sampling of their collection out and run them around their rear lot.Check their website for which Saturday and what they're running.
If you're an automotive enthusiast, especially a sports car fan, go. You will NOT regret it at all. If you can, go on a demo day.
Even if you are not a car buff this is a great museum.  We spent 2 hours and it is a fascinating collection of race cars, many are incredibly rare or one of a kind.  I was very impressed.  If you are a car buff you will be in heaven.  Totally worth the time.
Great place, stopped on on a Saturday and they were doing Ferrari legends of racing demo days and had 6 cars lined up and started and ran 5 of them. Also had about 20 other Ferrari's people brought to the show to exhibit. Then spent a couple hours inside checking out all the exhibits
What a great museum! There is history in this building that any car lover would treasure. The collection covers iconic cars and some lesser known vehicles that have their own place in automotive history. They have special events on some weekends where they take some of the cars out for a drive on the closed course in the back. I am definitely going to have to make another trip to see these works of art in action.
