Long gone are the days where the fountain was a musical centerpiece of East Passyunk Ave. But I'm fine with not being able to reminisce to some Sinatra so long as the Avenue has gained such a noteworthy centerpiece in its wake!

While the old fountain still exists at the core, rather than fence it in they opened up the space and added welcoming tables and benches, and a take a book leave a book station. The end result is the perfect seasonal parklet that's perfectly fitting in the time of East Passyunk's restaurant renaissance, and you'll almost always see a few South Philly characters taking it all in.

While the Fountain is always the perfect spot to kick back and relax to a good book, It also see's it's share of action including the Wednesday Farmer's Market, holiday activities once the fountain gets transformed into a "Christmas tree", and a dj/music station during all of East Passyunk Ave's street festivals.
I'm not a fan of Sinatra or fenced in fountains. but coming across this gem while on a random South Philly walk totally put a smile on my face and a tear in my eye. it's one of those majestic things that you can only stumble upon in an old neighborhood like Passyunk.
Swann Memorial Fountain is still the best fountain in Philly. But the Singing Fountain is easily Philly's best hidden treasure. do yourself a favor and come here with a new love, if your looking for that one good place to film for a movie idea, or as Kelly M. says, for a Gin Martini  Picnic. I'll be bringing a cup with me the next time I'm around here just in case I see one happening.
in wintertime it freezes into the most lovely, surreal sculpture imaginable.
Ah the Singing Fountain. 

At my last apartment, I was able to lay in bed, open the door to my balcony and hear the delightful voice of Franky Blue Eyes, the soft tap of the water, and of course, the overbearing roar of the 23 bus plodding past every 10 minutes. 

In all seriousness though, I love this fountain. On a Friday evening, you can see diners all around it. And, not only does it play music, but also, if you are lucky, you can hear an old news report from the 40s every once in a while spliced in. Creepy? Maybe. Delight? Definitely!

The heartbeat of South Philly lives where Passyunk meets Tasker.
Sitting there, in the sun, I was easily whisked away to Europe...in particular, Prague.....

So lovely, so peaceful. Gorgeous anchor and place to sit. Oh bella!
The "Singing Fountain" is the gem of East Passyunk. It's the heart of the neighborhood, and the hub to the spokes of the community. Here you can find old men playing chess, young mothers nursing their babies, and the weekly Farmers' Market full of Amish. At Christmas and throughout the year, there are holiday gatherings that include beer, singing, and mingling. If you're hungry, there are numerous restaurants lining the fountain from which to choose - some of the highest-rated establishments in Philadelphia, too! When you're in the area, don't pass up the chance to throw a penny in, or to stop and people-watch!
The singing fountain is the equivalent of the rug in The Big Lebowski. It really pulls the neighborhood together. It adds a certain charm to Passyunk. Many a time when I have passed by it has given me great hope like ,"My god it's freezing I'm almost to broad and I can catch a cab unless I die of hypothermia first" or "Okay I have walked too far and passed the cute little handmade store" It's always a sad sign of winter when the fountain has been turned off for the season. Another little hidden treasure of philadelphia.
The singing fountain is one of those things that makes Philly special.  Before The Bellagio musical fountains, before LA's The Grove mini-Bellagio with dancing waters and Rat Pack songs, there was this.  It's a slightly run-down fountain that keeps on singing.

It was singing yesterday when I walked by, and I smiled.  I love this neighborhood.
Very Strange - I walked by it daily just because it made me smile.  Nothing special, but if you're in the area check it out for a cheap mood lifter.  :-)
Extremely stupid, nice for the people who live in the neighborhood but not worth going out of your way to see at all, trust me. (For those who don't know its a normal fountain with a iron gate around it and a couple speakers playing music like Sinatra on a loop)
It's pretty neat. Something most Philly residents have never seen or heard. Just being near it makes you feel good. Warm and fuzzy. Such a South Philly Gem. I wouldn't suggest making a special trip for it, but if you find yourself in the area, check it out.
Always an awesome time sitting at the fountain! A great place to catch up with neighbors and their dogs! You should stop by for a spell if you are ever on the Avenue!!
This little communal square with a pretty fountain is a nice spot on East Passyunk Avenue, along the heart of the commercial center. The fountain does in fact 'sing' - but with someone else's voice ;) It in fact plays different types of music, from Sinatra to pop, and serves as a centrally located meeting place for the neighborhood. Apparently, this area regularly hosts public events, from performances to farmers markets, but since I don't live in the area I've never been around for one. I'll just have to keep my eye out for the next one now that the weather has turned nice!

That 'no pooping' sign is pretty priceless, too.
So I heard about the Singing Fountain and made a point to check it out. I've gone twice now and there has been no music. 

The reason for no music is apparently someone who lives in the area is sick of hearing the music so they have begun vandalizing the fountain. 

This news is very disappointing to me. Surely you knew this fountain was in the area before you moved, why must you destroy something that brings joy to others? It's just rude and unnecessary. If you're unhappy with the fountain, move. Don't destroy something that isn't yours. 

I think I'd rate the fountain higher if it was actually singing when I went.
