I went here with my daughter and a friend during the Summer and it is a lovely place. It has a beautiful wading pool, a trail that leads up to a Water Fountain and a little water fall. There is also an eating area, public bathrooms and a Restaurant that offers healthy food options. However, I have to be honest, it is not a lot of diversity in this area anymore and the crowd was overwhelmingly W.A.S.P. 

Got a lot of stares, side eyes and rude ''under the breath comments' directed towards me cause I'm obviously Muslim. One women was so rude and would snatch her kid away from my 4 year old when ever she attempted to approach her. 

It definitely wasn't imagined because my friend, who is White noticed the way we where being treated as well. Then to top it off, a Daycare full of Black kids showed up, maybe about 20 or more and all the White Parents ran grabbing their kids out of the wading pool.  I turned to my friend and said whooo! did I just imagine that? She said no, that was definitely real. 

It's a lovely place but again the area is not diverse which can make the climate very oppressive.
We came here during my Thanksgiving 2014 trip to visit the little playground for kids. They had blue building pieces with blue balls to make a little path for the ball to travel. Pretty cool! There's also a little walking path to a top of a little hill. I guess this area has water during the warm months instead of this play area.

There's a cafe if you're wanting a warm drink or stay out of the cold.

I know my nieces loved their time playing with the blocks, but make sure your kids know how to share otherwise there's going to be crying. I saw it while I was there.
Our little one loves it here - the fountain, the water area, the trails, the garden/landscape and Milk & Honey Cafe.  Plus 24 hour security to keep the homeless folks from settling in permanently.

A great place for families with kids.
One thing that I enjoyed about Philadelphia that is not seen much of in Boston, is the green space.

The large open area with the statue makes for a nice spot to stop and soak in the city. There isn't a ton of stuff here, but it is across the street from Logan Circle.

I imagine this would be pleasant to enjoy on a warm night in Philly. It was a little cool while visiting this past March.
This park is alright, it's near the museums and the parkway. I visited only to take a pic with the amour sign, since the LOVE sign was being renovated. 3.5 stars because there were a lot of homeless living in the park and it wasn't that well kept. It's nice for a short visit with pictures though!
Sister Cities Park is a lovely park located by Logan Square.  There's a cafe, visitor center (which came in handy when we had questions about transit), and a children's discovery garden.  Good place to bring the kids.

[Yelp collections: East Coast 2016; Parks and Gardens]
I don't know that many cities that pay tribute to their sister cities as much as Philadelphia - especially for creating a park about them! On a very nice hot day, I happened to stumble into this park, which is located across from Logan Circle. It's mostly in the shade, and there are small play areas as well as ten water spouts for kids to play in. Each spout represents the cities. The benches have the sister cities' names inscribed on them, which to me was interesting. I guess what drew me to the park was when I was greeted with the large "Amor" sign.  

Some of the reviews note there were homeless and beggars found in the park but when I was there it was during lunch hour, I believe. It was mostly tourists and business people just chilling. Not sure if that's usually the case during that time of the day. But anyway, it's a nice chill park. They have a cafe, but I didn't go in.
This place is adorable. I'd give it more like 3.5 stars though. 

The cafe is cute, the wading pool is absolutely amazing. The spray ground is dismal. 

They have "lifeguards" on duty at the wading pool which I like. There are always those 1 or 2 parents on their phones or talking with friends while their toddler is splashing in the water and I hate that. I always feel like I need to watch their kid too . This stops all those feelings . 

They have books to borrow and read , and a grassy area where picnics are welcome. 

This place is clean and there is parking on the street right behind it! That's free 2 hour parking!!! For the parkway I'd say that's a win.
I think I would have liked this place better if the CCD worker who was "policing" the children's play area wasn't quite so aggressive.  She was quite literally scolding wee ones for not sharing!  I get that sharing is good, but it was oppressive.  

The fountain on the other side with its random spouts of water turned out to be way more fun for my 4 yr old.  He ran through it shrieking with delight as he tried to dodge the shooting sprays.  And the Milk & Honey cafe is really pretty with the floor to ceiling glass windows/walls.
This is an adorable little park on the Ben Franklin Parkway. It is very clean and well staffed with a touristy center for brochures as well as security personnel. There is a man-made pond for little kids to splash in, so there is always happy laughter. Located in the park, Logan Square Cafe offers sandwiches, beverages, and pastries.
The milk & honey cafe is terrific. Family friendly with a great view of Logan square park.
Gorgeous haven in downtown Philly for a fountain retreat. Walk the inner loop of the park or outside the perimeter and onto the streets to see countries represented in the circle. The artwork for the fountain is breathtaking if you don't expect it among the insanity of a city! Impressive!
I really love coming here during the summer. It's a perfect summer day spot.  There's the fountain side which all the kids seem to love running through. This year they've even put in a Rita's water ice cart. The other side has the shallow pool and rock climbing area. with the little brook running you forget you're even in the city. The Logan Cafe seemed to have a nice menu and assortment of items. We packed a picnic today, which I really recommend doing.
Nifty little park, especially for the under-seven set.
This is a super cool little park hidden just off of Logan Circle.  Definitely a fun stop after some time at the library or one of the museums on the parkway.

We haven't had a chance to fully experience the water elements of the park, but based on the fun the kiddos had before the water was turned on, we can't wait.

It's really lovely with a rocky hill to climb on, and a little stream that runs down to a pond.  

Such a neat place in the middle of the city!
A beautiful little oasis in philly's ever evolving art museum area! what pretty landscaping with a small space. walking through this park, you are greeted by a shallow creek, feeding into a small flat pond where children can happily splash around. with the soothing sound of water streaming, stop by milk & honey's outdoor cafe for a latte' and sandwich and gather your thoughts. turn around and you'll see another pretty site- a fountain made up of spurts of water coming from the ground, playfully arching across one another. this is another popular spot for children and little dogs to run around, chasing the water streams. walk along this ground level fountain and you'll see etched into the stone all the other sister cities around the world. among the beautiful greenery, with the city as the backdrop, you'll find sister cities park a welcome escape from the city's bustling life.
Great little kid wading pool / toy boat pond. The kiddies seem to love it. Make sure you bring a swim diaper, because it's required. They do sell some there at the info window, as well as selling little wooden boats. I would recommend bringing a few water toys though. 

The spray park area is great too. My little one loves running in and out of the geysers. I do find the water temperature tends to be a bit colder with the water geysers. 

Restaurant is okay.  It's pretty expensive and isn't the greatest quality. I paid $5.95 for three chicken tenders, so pack a snack or two. 

In the summer, there is also a Rita's cart which sells water ice. 

This is a great inexpensive  way to enjoy a hot day with the kiddies. I recommend this park!
I came here with my sister  and niece on a beautiful day. There are two sides where families can relax and play. One side  has a small wading pool with rocks that mimic Wissahickon trail.  There is water that flows through it and the kids love climbing there! The other side has jumping fountains that kids can run through. In the middle is a cute cafe with a wide variety  of choices.  There is also a Rita's stand there! If you want, you can bring your own food and enjoy a picnic. Don't forget to bring a blanket!
This has been one of my fav hangout place during summer. I really like this park and it is so well maintained. I love going for live music and have a little picnic with food and wine. The cafe also does some grilling outside and server really good turkey burgers. Haven't had one for this season but still remember it from last summer. Very delicious. Overall its a great place to sit, relax and enjoy the view. Plus if you have kids there is a nice kiddie pool to play which again looks clean and well maintained.
So glad that the City was able to incorporate a kid-friendly park with not one, not two but three water features: a flush jet fountain in a plaza space, a wading pool for sailboats that you can rent at the visitor's center and a rocky mount that you climb and follow a rill down to the wading pool. Add to that a cafe with food and drinks and RESTROOMS and you got yourself a park! It's not a huge space, but it's been designed very thoughtfully and should be enjoyed for years to come.
