I stumbled onto this place one day last summer. As most parents would attest, we are always looking for some new form of diversion for our kids. And as a cheapskate, I usually insist that that diversion is free.

It wasnt too hard to find, located just off of Kelly Drive in Fairmount park. I didnt notice much parking outside of the playground but there was ample parking along the road leading in. If its nice enough to take the kids to the park, its nice enough for a little walk to get there, right?

My kids were too big for the playhouse, but I was amazed by the playground outside.  I have seen many different style of playground but some of the contraptions here, were new to me. A giant spider web, weird gyroscopic swings, a Bananna Splits style slide. It definitely made the experience more interesting for both myself and the kids.

 I also remember it as being very ethnically diverse. I welcomed it as sometimes, being out in the burbs, races tend to segregate themselves. Here, we all played and enjoyed the park as one. Theres something about a playground setting, that brings out the children in people. I was on a bus-like contraption that shimmied and swayed to your movements with an older black woman and we hooted and giggled as if we were back on the playground at recess.

Whoever put this park togetherknew what they were doing. Often, when im at an average run-of-the-mill playground, im imagining how the place could be better and cooler. I didnt need to do that here. Someone beat me to it.
I've been coming here since I was kid and the wooden slide looked huge. Now I bring my kid here and he loves it. The remodel is beautiful; however, the 8+ set may bore quickly here. Wonderful playground wonderful memories.
The Smith Memorial Playhouse is a fun, free place to take your little ones.  The house is for children under 5, and is three floors of toys.  From a book area, to a pretend house, store, etc, to a room filled with toys.... it's a great place to let the kiddies play, especially in the winter. If your child likes bikes, be sure to check out the basement "race track."

The outdoor playgrounds are broken up by age groups and are for children ten and under. NOTE: the outdoor areas are closed in the winter.

The only considerations that stick out to me are that parking is limited and some of the toys could be cleaner looking. It might just be that they are well used. My take? Certainly go, let the kids have fun, and be sure to have them wash hands in the bathroom on the way out.

Check out the website for more details on the rules and expectations, as well as directions to finding the play mansion!
This place is amazing. If you haven't been here, you're truly missing out. You can bring kids of all ages here, even your little babies. As long as they can sit up, there is something for them to do here. Even adults can have fun -- it's just got so much great stuff to play with.

The playhouse can get a little crazy because there is so little supervision. Parents are supposed to be watching their kids, but you know how that goes with some people... Just keep an eye on your little ones and make sure they don't get trampled.

Wish they had some outside water fun area (sprayground). But I suppose you can't have everything.
Good, clean fun for little kids, and so cool it's hard to believe it's free.  Smith Memorial Playground has tons of stuff to play with indoors and outdoors.  The mansion, which is currently having its exterior renovated, has several rooms, each with different types of toys.  The basement has trikes the tikes can ride around paths with a real traffic signal, parking meters, and toy gas pumps.  The playground has some of the best equipment I've seen anywhere. The have a see saw that I'd have a lot of trouble describing; just go see it.  Also outside is the giant wood slide.  

Smith is open everyday except Monday. The mansion is limited to kids under 5 and the playground is limited to kids under 10.  Staff are at the gates to keep out the pedos, but inside you're responsible for your own kids.  Although everything is free, consider dropping a few bucks in the till to help maintain this great community resource.
This is like the mother of all playgrounds. I don't even think anything of this sort existed when I was a kid. It was stimulus times 10 for my daughter. She did not want to leave!

We were there for a birthday party, so we started at the top of the hill where they have benches and an inside area.

On the top level inside, there is a kitchen, bridge, and a few other large toys for toddlers to explore. Downstairs they have tricycles and other mobile bike like toys for the young ones.

The real fun is down in the playground. They have numerous levels for kids of varying ages. They also have things I don't see anywhere else. The sea-saw was not your standard, but one that you didn't just sit on, but more sat in. They had a spinning thing that kids could go insider and enjoy. There was the front car of a train. There were tire swings and one that was like a tire, but metal and no hole.

There were many more cool things, some I don't even know how to explain. But the last thing we did before leaving was hit up the super big slide. Using a potato sack, you slide down and it is so much fun!

It does not cost anything, but there is a suggested donation. If you are strapped, no one will say anything. But if you have a few bucks, it's nice to support the park.
If there is a better playground in the Tri-State Area or maybe anywhere for that matter I haven't seen it and I can't imagine it. 

We got there on a Saturday in July, when the outside play area is open until 7pm not 4pm, and seeing as it was almost four we just missed seeing the inside of the mansion but the outside play area was still open for another three hours so with most of the people that were there starting to pack up we opted to stay and give it a try. 

When you get to the gate admission is free but they do ask you politely for a donation and we like the few other parents that were coming in with us all gladly ponied up a few bucks upon seeing what looked like a kids utopia. 

The outside play area is split into two areas with one being for the five and under crowd and the main part being for everybody. 

The main part of Smith is spread out very nicely and it does have several different areas with various playground type swings, jungle-gyms, tire swings, unique playground equipment and of course the Giant Wooden Slide. 

The grounds were mostly immaculate with the bathrooms being the only area that was a little sketchy because they are in the basement of the mansion and are definitely original to the building and quite honestly they were dirty and they stank. 

Overall Smith is a great place for kids to play and have a great time for a few hours and by making a donation you are helping to continue a very worthy organization that is keeping play alive for kids in a culture that seems to want to eliminate that from their lives.
Smith playground is a long standing free play space in philadelphia Fairmont park. It is gated off and staffed , and very clean. It's an awesome place to take the kiddos when it's nice. If you've got younger children ( 5 and under) you can play all year around in te play house. Which has 3 floors and a few rooms where you can do anything from riding bikes on the pretend road to reading books, and everything in between. It's a great place to go. 

The only downfall is that it can get extremely crowded and although there are staff, many people -much like at a normal park- pay no attention to the rules or their children for that matter . 

But what can you do? 

Try the epic wooden slide or have a birthday party here . Or just come to play like we do. It's awesome.
I haven't been to this spot since the 80's...

Everyone has had that moment where you step on the playground and see that one "thing" and you're not quite sure how it works or maybe it looks corny. And then that one older kid shows up and sets it off. The OG. It's not until the OG gets it poppin that everybody else wants to use that "thing" all of a sudden. On any playground, my older cousin was that kid. And when it came to the slide (thee... slide) he was THAT dude. Little Johnny goes down the slide like... wheeeee! My cousin goes down the slide... he looks like he's at Wild Water Kingdom in an inner tube.

Other kids are like... how do slide like that? Quiet as kept he responds... I can show you better than I can tell you.

We didn't play around when it came to playin around. To us, the slide was the whole place.
What an excellent playground for kids. 
A ton of things to do, both inside and outside. Yes, kids can go inside and play. 
But, on this trip my family stayed outside. What is not to love about a large wooden slide. Unique playground equipment for kids to climb, swing, spin and other things on. 
There are separate areas of equipment for younger and older children. However, you will find kids of mulitple ages everywhere. 
The only downside to this wonderful place, parking is very limited and most of it is on the street. The bathrooms are also not in great condition. 
And take note, if it is near closing time, they shut things down, including the bathrooms. Why would you shut bathrooms down early with children? So plan ahead and get the child to the bathroom at least a half hour before closing, yes that early.
I tell my friends who visit with their kids that there's a place we call "Baby Heaven."
And, really, it's not just for babies. My daughter, who is 2, loves the large doll houses and the kitchens in the big house. When it's noisy, she likes to go to the ample children's reading room off to the side of the house and look through some books.
The house has everything, from a track in the basement for bikes, to several floors of all sorts of large toys, just perfect for a kid to playact in.
Other reviewers note that the toys are a little grotty - true they could use a scrub, but these sturdy wooden toys are solid, substantial and have been there for years. 
Now that the weather is getting warmer, I can't wait to take her back to the playground, which is massive and features equipment for all ages of children. It's closed during the fall and winter, but it has now just reopened with the warm weather.
In fact, I think we may go there tomorrow.
I don't have any children, unless you count my 80 or so 7th and 8th graders. Fortunately, we were able to take them on a field trip to SMP this spring as a part of a study of the history of play. It is an amazing place. Created at the turn of the century, it was one of the first public playgrounds in the country. It was day trip back when Fairmount Park was the countryside. The playground is modern, safe, clean and backs up into the woods of the park, giving it this great natural feel. The playhouse (for kids 5 and under) is just a large mansion type building filled with toys. The whole thing is free, and open to kids from 0-10 on every day but Monday.
On one hand I am completely skeeved out by the inside toys here, because lets face it- children are gross and put everything in their mouths...

But on the other hand, whatever- it builds up their immune system. 

I just bring my hand spray (organic, because I'm crunchy like that), and get over it. 

My son has a good time here, but I think it's more fun for him to run around outside- Playing with toys indoors is what we do at home.

I think that there are some structured craft days and story times so I'd love to check this out. 

The playgrounds are great, well maintained and such a fun place for kids of all ages to get outdoors and play. 

Always excited to go there!
A beautiful playground indeed.  Today was my first time visiting this park, with my little girl of course and we couldn't have been more pleased.

The first thing we noticed was a huge house.  Didn't realize all the fun that lied behind the house :-). Once we gave our donation, we walked down a path where children were everywhere.  Children of all ages.  There was a model playhouse with a fenced in backyard, an enormous slide, an amazing feature that was spinning over 15 kids at a time, and an array of swings displayed too.  To the right, we saw more spinning feature, a web of things to climb, a smaller slide set and so many other features in between.  There were so many options of fun for the children that as an adult I was tempted to run and play too!

Around 5pm we went into the house, where 3 levels existed.  There were life-size dollhouses, wooden blocks, toy bridges, puppets, children's furniture, bikes and trucks, a large choo choo train and so much more to keep the children happy and full of fun, laughter and smiles.  

The establishment was very clean outdoors and in.  Bathrooms were bright and clean as well.  Overall a great experience because its all about the children
This is one of Philly's staples!! My city is so dope and wonderful places like Smith Park adds to the dopeness ! I was on vacation from work and asked my supervisor about affordable places to take children and she recommended Smith Park which is actually free!! So I took my baby nephew and boy did we have a great time! There were so many children for my nephew to play with at this huge park. 

While at the park we had a sand bag race down a big slide. We played on the jungle gym. We got on this "ride" where it spinned around and around and it could fit so many people on it and we also was in this spiderweb type of equipment. We also went in this pretend Cho Cho train and we can't forget the swings that brings me nostalgia! Boy oh boy there was so many things to play with at Smith Park. 

Overall we had a blast and your family would have a blast too at Smith Park!
My kids love it! It's close to Fairmount park. Parking can be a little bit challenging on the weekend. It is free but donation is accepted. My 4 and 1.5 years old had so much fun. The outdoor park build to suit little and big kids. We definitely will go back.
I loved this place as a kid and my kids love it 40yrs later. This is a Philadelphia institution - a gem. This playground is likely known across continents as well as generations. The outdoor equipment was updated and is pretty sophisticated. Indoors it has toys, a kids driving area (trikes and pedal cars w/ a real traffic light). It has a huge two story wooden slide accommodating children, adults, adults with children. Not be missed by the 3 to 8.

A well established place for young childrens parties, rivaling the franklin institute, academy of natural sciences, and zoo.
Great place for kids under 12yrs old - families will love it - parties are great - Largest indoor wooden slide in the country

a must go to place

It Is FREE
I am a playground lover from childhood into my adulthood. I frequent playgrounds all the time. I go in the winter just for the swing rides, gather up my girlfriends and you can find us on the swings in the dead middle of winter with bombers, fur hoods, wool hats, and leather gloves riding and racing to touch the sky. (Have you ever closed your eyes on the way down? try it and see how it intensifies your experience, you'll feel like you've become one with the air and its just an awesome feeling.) 

Me and the kids have a ball here each and every time we visit. The new re-development and lay out of the park includes a generous variety and unique selection of rides from the tire swivels, swingy thingys, twist and turn thingys, and of course the gigantor slide ride. When I was a child this slide was the ultimate, like roller coaster experience for us.  But the new renovations make the park more inviting and welcoming. Its a peaceful serene atmosphere. You'll hear birds chirping, lots of greenery. I take the kids here and move along to different segments with them, as the park is quite massive in size larger than your average traditional neighborhood ground. Smith Park is the ultimate playground experience. So to keep it locally in comparison...hmmmm, lets see.. if you have visited something like a Clementine amusement park, that's cool.... But then you have your Six Flags Great Adventure experience, that's over the top, the ultimate of amusement parks within our regional area. That's how Smith Playground is, its the ultimate must experience playground. Its the ultimate of playgrounds in our (local area) if your into playgrounds. 

The playground is divided into different segments, you'll find your tot playground, then the bigger kids rides are spaced throughout the park, section for the slide, swings are scattered in two different areas. Then you have your bonus** the Playground Mansion. Sooo elite, a little people's play mansion. How lucky they are!  The mansion has toys in different rooms and even cars that the children can drive. They enjoy themselves here. 

I do remember back in the days, the swimming pool here. I wish they would consider bringing that back; it was times of joy for us. While the playground is free to the public, Smith Playground does offer an option to become members of Smith. I think the membership is something like $20 annually. With the membership they include special perks for your family such as special events and invites to whatever that have scheduled. You can also have parties here for a fee. 

 Tips:
1. The park can get crowded during peak seasons and special occasions so be prepared to park further away and walk
2. Sneaker, sneaker, sneakers!
3. & socks
4. Water bottles. They sometimes sale water bottles for a dollar at the entry way.
5. Park closes during weekdays round 5PM, weekends, round 7PM. I like that the park closes and opens and is not open willy nilly for whenever and whatever, this preserves the quality of the park.
6. Bring food. You may sometimes find a vending truck parked at the entry way that sales hot dogs and other things (rarely).
My 4 year old can't get enough of the big wooden slide at Smith Playground.  The house is also great - but many of the toys are old and dirty - so bring Purell!

The outdoor playground areas are terrific on a sunny day - and all this is FREE.

For a small fee you can rent a space to have your child's birthday party here, too.
Place is AWESOME. SOOOO much fun for the kids to do!! My daughter just loved it. She's 2.5 and I can't believe we never made it to this place before. Great indoor alternative on those cold / crappy weather days when you need to get out the house.  Can't wait until the weather warms up so we can dig the OUTSIDE!!
the playground was closed..
but the house was open
i like the concept of this place.
no admission, just how much you would like to donate
its cute.
but dirty at the same time..
i dont think there was any windows open when i was here.
little kids sweating while running around and not having any windows open.. its like killing yourself slowly..
Difficult to write a negative review about anything that's free.  The concept is really cool, big old house filled with toys for kids to play with with no admission fee. 

The reality is that for a germaphobic parent this place will seem pretty dirty. The house is stifling hot in the summer time. 

The outside playground is neat particularly the big wooden slide where kids slide down on top of grungy potato sacks. 

The playground is overall nice although is a bit weathered and could use a good clean. 

Over all this place is free therefore I can't really complain. The concept is really a great one. We've only been once and probably won't go back but it was a fun morning activity.
I really wanted to like this place but was dissappointed. The playhouse has no AC, it was really hot inside. There was only one window fan in the second floor. The toys are all broken and old. Even the pupets and dolls were ripped. I wounld not recommend to visit the house specially in the summer since there is no AC. I get it that they run on donations but perhaps if they charged admission fee they could invest in better toys and AC.The playground was closed due to the heat but it did look in good condition. Maybe just visit the playground not the actual house.
Awesome, awesome playground. We have two little dudes and it's perfect for our nearly two year old. Lots to do for big kids and little kids. Two month old enjoyed the trip as well. Plenty of places for mommies to sit and throw discreet nursing parties for their grumpy babes. 

We would've been fine outside algone but we went inside to play with the toys that were inside-two floors worth. Sme of the items were donated from Please Touch. Excellent. 

This joint is free but it's so awesome we were happy to donate the suggested $5.
On a sunny day, there may not be a better play space for your little one. Even the older kids seem to enjoy Smith. There's something for every child to enjoy. I love the toddler area and potato sack slide. A $5 donation per family is the suggested amount, if you have more that's great, if you have less that's not a problem. A great place for casual (inexpensive) play dates. During the colder months there is programming for younger children such as storytime or puppet shows. We love Smith. Enjoy!
Disclosure: We did not go inside - it was way too beautiful (and fun) outside. We also did not use the restrooms.

This weekend we made our first trek to the Smith Memorial Playground - and I mean trek.  Even though there was plenty of parking near the playground, we parked on Kelly Drive and jogged a bit before heading up to play.  

The playground runs on donations (and well deserved ones at that - I'll be making ours online) and is separated into a few different areas.  It's a great play place for kids of all ages.  Our two years olds found plenty to love and I know they'll grow into a lot of the ride on's. 

Their absolute favorite (and ours, too) was the wooden slide with the potato/burlap sacks.  Despite the long trek up to the slide, the ride down was well worth it.  

There were also several different areas - swings (tire, ride on swings, and regular), a rocking boat, a train climb-on toy, spinners, and more.  I couldn't believe the fun we found at every turn of the corner.

You can't factor this into the ratings, but just watch for other kids (because their parents might not) - we had a large group of kids nearly push ours down to reach the slide first instead of waiting their turn as we neared the entrance...the Dad came up behind them eventually and sorta apologized, but let's be honest, your apology means nothing, you should have stopped them!
First you need to know it's free!
But it would be great if you make a donation. 
It was very cool to read up on Richard Smith's history and the fact that it's a memorial for his son that he donated  the playground back in the 1800s. 
It's a great space with soft foam floor in case the little one falls, all kinds of playground equipment but most especially of all is the wooden slide!
It's great for all ages, you sit on the potato sack and slide down.
My friend has gone here a few times, and this was the first time I was able to meet up with her.  I was also meeting a few other friends and their kids.  SUCH A GREAT TIME!  Even when my son was acting like a daredevil on the spinning spider web and fell off of it, he did not get hurt because they have made sure the ground is nice and soft for him to fall on...

So much to do, different than the playground in your neighborhood!!  I can't wait to go back!
The park s big and on a hot day, most of the playgrounds are in the direct sunlight. Bring lots of water. It is well kept and the inside is nice and has some more to offer. 

You will encounter a LOT of groups here. There were tons of kids unsupervised running, cursing, pushing, etc. You will have to deal with this often (depending on when you go). Most of the parents and teachers were nowhere near the kids so you couldn't even tell them what was going on.

A nice respite in the middle of the city but it takes all kinds.
It rained the day we went so we didn't get to see the outside playground, my review will probably go up when we get to see that part. It's 3 floors, divided by type of play and has a reading room and does parties. My 2 and 5 year old were entertained non stop for hours. There wasn't any AC when we went.
We just discovered this amazing playground a few weeks back and returned again today.  It truely is an incredible resource - and the fact that it is free is mindblowing.  

The outdoor playground is clean, appears to be newly renovated and huge.  It's like 4 different playgrounds spread out over the large property.  Our almost-3 year old absolutely loves the giant wooden slide (which is nowhere near as intimidating as I thought it would be from the description).  He ran up the ramp over and over again today screaming 'I'm so excited!'  

The indoor play house is 3 stories - with cars, bikes & trikes in the basement (along with pint-sized traffic lights and parking meteres) and a variety of other slightly dated toys on the top 2 floors.  Sort of reminds me of some of the areas of the please-touch museum (e.g. kitchen stoves)...  I wouldn't go for the play house - but, it's a great fallback option if you go on a potentially rainy day.
Very cute place for kids. They have an indoor and outdoor play area but it's very messy and disorganized (go figure... it's a place where kids come play and it's donations only). But otherwise, bathrooms were clean and the kids had a ton of fun. Could probably benefit from more parking as we parked on the street, we were lucky get a spot nearby.
My son has visited twice, once with Mom, once with Dad. He enjoyed it both times, and that's the most important thing!

This indoor/outdoor playground is in a wonderful little corner of Fairmount Park, with Please Touch Museum just across the river on the other side of the park. The pair can make for an amazing kid day.

I'd read the reviews saying the place is very cool, but a little shabby/old/worn, so I expected that. Upon arrival, the grass needed mowing, and the house could use some freshening too, but press on because if you look past the cosmetics, this is an artfully designed, creatively inspired, special place. 

At the entrance someone sits in a white plywood hut, like a country fair booth x a lemonade stand. They greet you with cheer, and donations are welcome in cash (or can be done via cc online). Playground is to the left of the house, and around back.

The equipment was impressive. They have the old standards (swings, slides, jungle gym), but also a lot of more unique and interesting pieces, that were very popular with the kids. Lots of rotating going on, that seemed to be the theme of the more exciting stuff. Like stand-on saucers, spin-around chairs, girating poles, merry-go-centrifuge things with rope cages to hold you in, etc. I was so tempted I spun on the centrifuge myself (with my 1yo son), but it was a little much for him. That said, there is a designated baby area, which is fitting for toddlers, but sadly, this was the dirtiest of the areas, with a little litter, some broken equipment, and a lot of weeds, all of which aren't safe for kids at the age of grabbing and attempting to eat whatever they see. A few hours of volunteer clean up would correct this.

Creative thought has gone into every corner of this playground, and in addition to the exciting equipment, it possesses unique bigger attractions I can't find anywhere else. The longtime favorite huge wooden slide (like a bowling lane floor made into a slide) is in an outbuilding by the side of the house. It is so popular they've made a queue that snakes along it, probably accommodating a line of at least 50. IDK if a slide is worth that to me, but when I visited in the early afternoon on a weekday, there was zero line. Fantastically, there is a gigantic rope web climbing area on the lowest tier, which is the perfect physical challenge for high-energy kids! Nearby, are huge saucer swings that can fit a few little ones at once. My son loved it.

There are climbing walls, swings of various kinds, a huge sand area, theme playstructures (train, fire engine, pirate ship), tunnels, clubhouses, a large bouncy ride-on, that even adults can ride, it goes on and on. 

The rubber track surface underfoot is a nice touch, but as with any playground employing it, the stuff gets a little blackened in places, weeds pop up here and there, and stains happen. So have some forgiveness for its cosmetic ageing, and you will see past it into the magic that awaits your child!
I went here as a kid, and it was very fun to take my kid here recently as well.  The outdoor spaces are amazing, and of course the wooden slide is hours of fun on it's own...

The indoor spaces are in need of some love, hence the four stars.  The toys aren't in great shape (Little People play sets have no little people, etc) and it'd be great to see some donations of new toys especially bikes and trucks for the basement transportation room.  Maybe a portion of an old small airplane even?  I LOVE the library that's been added upstairs, and my daughter loved the two big trains... 

What's so amazing about this place is that it's FREE to the public.  ANd my daughter could have easily spent all day here.

Quick tip- use the bathrooms INSIDE instead of using the bathrooms that are accessible from the playground.  Those are in DESPERATE need of updating.
Smith is a great playground for children of all ages and it's easy to get to. We arrived yesterday just as the skies opened up and were prepared for it to be a wasted trip. But the playhouse interior is set up nicely for children 5 and under to have a great time. Thankfully the storm was quick and the sun came back out to play. So we headed outside.

There are 3 different playgrounds as well as the giant wooden slide and a separate set of swings. The two playgrounds are geared towards older kids but my 3 and 1 1/2 year old both had fun trying out the different play equipment. They especially liked the rocking boat and the spinning climber. They both wanted to try the giant spider web but were too small to hang! :)

We spent most of our time on the Tot Lot which offered PLENTY for them to do for close to 3 hours. Plenty of climbers, slides, swings, tunnels, spinning cups and crawling stations - it kept them busy! Lots of seating for parents and the line of site is pretty good so you don't have to constantly move around if you don't want to.

Just walking the grounds is nice too - lots of hills and grassy areas to roam.

I hear the bathrooms in the basement are nasty, but I didn't use them. I used the bathrooms on the main level and they were fine. They even have toddler seats to place your child on while you use the restroom.

There is a vending machine with drinks and snacks available near the restrooms at the back of the mansion. Pricey ($1.50 for a bottle of water & $1 for a bag of pretzels) but when you realize you're not prepared it's the price you pay!

Parking was a non-issue as well. It's true that here are limited painted line parking spots, but there is MORE than enough street parking along the circle entrance as well as the road on the way into the park and it's just a short walk to the playground from there. We scored a street spot on the circle not too far from the mansion.

We'll definitely be heading back again on a day where we randomly decide we're bored and it's nice out! It's a great little day trip and a way to kill couple of hours.
The playgrounds are not run-of-the-mill boring ole same ole. Designs are fascinating--the merry-go-round with a spider web thingy for example--just really, excellent equipment, and an organized and spacious layout (with a section for younger ones). The play mansion is amazing simply in that it exists and it's free. Free and this place takes my kid away from watching his 432989th episode of Sponge Bob.
Smith house is pretty neat. A mansion and yard for
Kids! The place has a wooden burlap bag slide, dizziness section, pirate/train section, double decker merry go round, multiple tire swings and stuff. Things for small and big kids. Hours of free fun. 

Bathroom situation is maybe the only weird thing. Malodorous inside 1st floor. Basement ones (for playground) are sketchy. Finicky kids might not be able to go. (Not Ada compliant). 

Most parents are cool there, playing with their kids. This park draws in all sorts of people. On several visits, I have observed parents using profanity to their toddlers. Be ready.
The outside part of this park is actually huge and clean. My daughter had so much fun here. However I do NOT recommend the inside. It was very old and dirty. Half the place didn't look safe. I would definitely go back for the outside playground. It was worth the drive.
Amazing playground and love that it's pay what you wish. It's a special place that my kids will always remember. Love the slide with potato sacks most especially
I'm only giving a review for the inside. I was looking for a place for my baby to be able to crawl around freely. We went and looked at all the inside rooms... I didn't even put my baby down. It was so filthy. The toys were really old and beat up and everything was messy. The big foam blocks looked fun, but there were huge grey stains on all of them. The baby area was really cluttered with random stuff including a boppy nursing pillow, so it seemed like they just threw anything in there. The staff at the front were miserable and the person at the desk didn't even look at me. 

I understand that this place has no admission, and that kids get things dirty, but I would suggest a periodic tidying up/organization of the toys throughout the day, as well as a weekly deep clean. Maybe a no-shoes area for the babies. And some new toys! The space and the blocks looked like my baby would've had a good time. I left disappointed. 

We'll try the playground when my kid is older, but Smith isn't really for babies.
I wish my mom took me here when I was a tot! 

Everything is clean and well kept. My only disappointment was the inside. They said it was for a certain age group but I think its more towards the 1-2 old age range. That said, I would still bring the little kiddies here. The child I took had a wonderful time and kept talking about it for days.
Wow.. This playground is what all playgrounds would be like if we lived in utopia. If the city could only try to make their kids play parks 1/2 as nice as this one, we'd be the best in the country!

I have a two year old and I totally have no fear letting her run around and play. No fear of broken swings or broken glass or broken cement under her feet. 

This place is amazing.
I give this place 5 stars easily, but I must admit that I have not been in over 40 years.  So why the 5 Star Review?  Because this place is magical, my grandmother would take me here as a toddler and I still have fond memories of that slide!  Take your children and the memory will live in their minds forever.
My review is for the playhouse only.  The playground wasn't open during weekdays in October so please make sure you check their website before you head out.  

Yes, it was free but the floors and toys were dirty.  A lot of toys were broken or missing pieces.  The wooden train was cute and that's about it but again it was dirty and dusty.   I was so hesitated to let my son to crawl on the train and floors but since we were there I just let him had fun then changed and washed him right we're back to hotel.

I don't know why, we just didn't like the basement; we went back up right a way.
First time here greeted with friendly staff , everything was beautiful it was free, my kids had fun and want to come back , water fountain , slide, swings, good for all ages children . Parking was free and easy to find
Absolutely fun and FREE! Kids any age group love it, there's so many things for them to do. I've even came as a kid and they only continue to improve.
No the $5 is not mandatory but they really need it. The one lady jumped for joy and said that they could now replace their broken gates. It's makes you feel great. It's helpful for people who come often or bring A LOT of kids.
Apparently I went to Smith as a tot, but didn't remember until my father told me. When I attended a family party there, though, I remembered - the BIG WOODEN SLIDE!! What a blast! All of my little cousins, as well as my twin 3-year-old nephews, had the time of their lives that day. There really is so much to do and see it's hard to get everything done in one day! From the indoor playhouse, to the massive grounds outside, this is what heaven must be to a little kid. Even us grown-ups got in on the action, sliding and swinging and climbing (without endangering any little persons, that is)!

Be prepared to never, ever, ever want to leave the giant wooden slide!
um, best playground ever? 
the outdoor part is amazing and modern (though i hate that bouncy ground cover, I would really prefer the old fashioned woodchips). the staff are very friendly and helpful. the inside of the building has an amazing assortment of toys (picture free-for-all in the local toy store) but they are always sticky - i don't think they've ever been fully sanitized. most of the parents are cool and let the kids run and play with each other.
It's every kids dream to play at a playground like this. The playground equipment varies enough for a child who feels timid and wants to stick with traditional swings to an adventurous child who is willing to push physical boundaries on the spider web.
This was a VERY BAD experience! The employee that was working at the bottom of the giant slide was very rude. We have a daycare with about 30 kids and 15 staff (including our senior staff) and we're moving our kids to another section after they had fun on the slide. The employee started yelling at us saying, "move! You have to move your kids NOW!" Anyone with young children knows that this takes time and we don't want any of our kids lost or separated. She continued to yell and curse at us. Our Director talked to the manager and she said she'll "have a conversation with her" but we all know what that means. We've been coming here for years every summer and with that horrible experience I don't think we will return. It's a shame because it's a beautiful playground but with rude staff like that, yelling and scaring our children, it makes the playground very ugly. The staff at Smith Playground needs to train their staff in customer service because that wasn't it.
This place is another true Gem of the city, along with many other hidden treasures in the Brewerytown area of Philadelphia.  For those with children, you can spend a whole day here inside and out, for free.  plenty of activities for children of all ages too!  The giant wooden slide is like sliding down a giant bowling alley, and you're the ball.  Would HIGHLY recommend this to any parents.  And you can walk down to kelly drive or through the frisbee golf course from here as well.
I really like how big the park is and the very famous large wooden slide. My toddlers were everywhere and didnt want to leave. It is nice they don't charge admission. They do ask for a donation. When you have an extreme hot day in the summer and the playground is closed. You still have the play house open for the kids to play. The one thing I don't understand if you have a building that holds the summer heat, why can't you install an AC unit?  That needs to be the next update to the park. Another update needed is those bathrooms! My daughter didn't want to use it because how dark the stole was and how dirty it was. I even heard a woman bring her toddler in and say "No! This is no place to potty train" and left without using it.
This is the biggest and cleanest playground I have seen for kids in Philly. The big slide is fun for the adults or kids. The playhouse is great if kids want to play with toys. You do have to be careful because there are some kids who run around without their parents and might bump into you or your kids. Sometimes the slide gets really busy and some people would even try to cut in line. As long as you are careful and pay attention to your surroundings, everything should be good.
Here's the thing: it's free. So I feel guilty not giving it 5 stars. But, for a couple of hours a week of clean up and tidying, it could look a thousand times better. Things like- littered sacks for the slide all over the area as you walk up to the slide. Sinks for the toilet would have been amazing. Little things. 

In saying that... it was free!!!  The outside was actually fantastic. An eclectic mix of what were each big enough to be their own playground, all sewn together for a HUGE backyard of fun. My 4 year old LOVED the slide. Like, had to be dragged away from the slide. We could have easily stayed longer than the 2 hours we did. 

The inside was humble. My kids loved running the larger vehicles back and forth, and the little train tables (which we get sucked into at every darn place that has them, ever, despite owning them.)

In short? Worth the visit. Would go again. It's a great little secret!
The Good: This was a fun place for a couple 3-year old boys. They were equally entertained inside the playhouse and outside in the large playground area. The price is right, they asked for a $5 donation per family the day we went and parking is free but come early for spots closest to the building. 

The Bad: There was an absence of staff in the playhouse. Therefore, some older children roamed into areas intended for smaller children. Also, there is no access to food at the playhouse or nearby, so please bring your own food and drinks. 

The Ugly: The restrooms! We were directed to restrooms outside the playhouse near playground but they were locked. When we went inside there were just 2 restrooms for single use, they did not appear to lock, and did not have paper towels the day we went. As a parent, convenient access to a restroom is essential when out. 

In summary, I would recommend this place for parents of children under 5 and give it just under 4 stars because of the poor restrooms and lack of staff attendance in the playhouse. Enjoy!
Very disappointed to find the website's advice to visit the playground by taking the Rt 32 bus neglected to mention a lack of a safe pedestrian pathway from the bus stop to the playground. The 32 is very convenient to us so I took the bus out with my 3 year old nephew only to find there was no sidewalk leading to the park.  The choppy pavement ended at a large gate near the driving range.  There is also no signage to suggest a path to the playground.   I am sure it's very convenient...by CAR.
I came here on Sunday with my husband and son and we had a nice time despite the humid weather. The outdoor play area was a lot of fun; I think I loved the outdoor slide more than him!! I agree with another reviewer; the indoor toys have seen a lot of love. It would be great to see some new donations added for the children. Next time that we come back, I would love to put my son on the indoor train. I love that the mansion is tucked away from busy roads and how well the property is maintained. Looking forward to another visit :)
In its pre-renovated state, SMP was a purely magical place.  This playground is over 100 years old & it was created by two parents who lost their child.  It's actually a mansion + playground, and while the recent renovations are a great development for the park, I really miss the old version.  It felt older, like it had more character.  It seems like it's lost something of its essence in renovation; its no longer wearing its history on its sleeve.

The mansion is for five year olds and younger, I believe.  Each room is full of toys, and there's an area for the youngest children with safe blocks and whatnot.  The mansion has several rooms along its outer walls that get beautiful natural light, and there's an outdoor area along the east side that's a great place for having parties.  Families often celebrate children's birthdays here in all seasons; SMP will host parties at a very reasonable rate.  Highlight of the mansion:  the basement is paved and stocked with all kinds of cars and bikes for kids to ride.  It's set up like a city down there complete with a working traffic light, so the kids can go nuts pretending to be drivers instead of passengers for a refreshing change.

Outside is the famous wooden slide now housed in a kind of barn looking structure.  I don't know how to describe this, but you get in there with a burlap sack and send yourself gliding down a huge slide that can accomodate several people at once.  It's like you turned the first floor of your house into a massive slide--this thing is Irresistable.

Besides the slide, the grounds are huge and replete with newfangled toy equipment that I can't really describe.  It used to be cooler with an old merry-go-round, weird swings where you'd climb into a contraption and swing using your arms [I know that makes no sense, but that's what it was--I swear], all the typical park equipment painted in rainbow colors, a picnic area, and tons of empty grassy land that could function as whatever your imagination desired.  I'm getting teary-eyed now, but the bottom line is that this place rocked before and it still does.

Getting to this place involves a bit of Fairmount Park exploration, too, which is an added bonus.  Long live SMP!
Love that they offer such a nice playground for free! I always want to do something fun for my little boy like a museum or some kind of outing but never have the money - so it's nice to be able to take him here as an experience and he always leaves smiling --- and exhausted
My daughter had her first birthday party here and 8 years later she still enjoys it as if it's the first. A gem in the city.
Free playground (donations accepted) with potato sack slide / racing. Great outdoor play area (esp for little ones). 

3 floors of indoor play:
- Main floor has train track tables and bathroom with kid potty seat to sit at while washing hands which was cool. 
- Upstairs has library and play kitchen, role play, foam blocks, mini couches ... 
- Downstairs has play traffic area with over 15 small play cars and traffic lights. This is also how you get to outside

Outdoors was open today - they are testing outdoor hours this season if above 50 degrees and nice weather. 

I've even been to a wedding here which was pretty cool bc all the kids had a playground to play at! 

Glad this place exists since please touch museum is so pricey and there's not many indoor play areas in Philly, esp this big!  

Some toys are weathered and lots of little kids means germs but they have antibacterial dispensers in main areas. Also bathrooms on main floor and outdoors (lower level).
Nice place to spend an hour or two with the young ones - great free facility.  Parking is it a bit tricky if full ( be careful to park along the side road when parking is full ).  Upon entering, walk up the entrance and you just need to sign your kids / yourself in then enjoy.  The Mansion is only for children under 5 while the outdoors is for everyone - we wanted to see  the mansion but the staff was not willing to let anyone under 5 inside ( which is odd if you have a several kids of different age groups ).  Anyhow,  the kids really enjoyed - some of the playground equipment is a bit outdated but kids will be sure to enjoy.  The bathroom is around the back of the mansion and is pretty creepy - dingy / dark / dilapidated ( under construction ).  Overall, worth a try but go only during a nice day and preferably a weekday ( not worth going during weekend rush ).

PROS - Free, free entrance / parking, interesting playground, mansion facility

CONS - dark dingy bathroom, outdated playground equipment, parking / grounds / mansion needs facelift ( but you realize that this is free )

OVERALL - great place to enjoy with kids during the weekday for an hour, kids will enjoy, something different to see ...
Extremely disappointed in our experience today at Smith, a playground we've frequented over the years. My daughter, who had her birthday at smith a couple years ago, requested a trip to the playground to ride on the big wooden slide. We woke up early and drove there this morning. When we got to the playground, the slide was closed even though the sign said hours were 10-4. My kids weren't too disappointed because of all the other playground equipment. About 15 minutes in, and angry voice over the loudspeaker announced "The playground is now closed because of people keep opening the slide."  Some other folks had opened the doors to the slide, presumably because the hours read 10-4, and there was no lock on the door. An angry woman came out and ushered everyone I while grumbling loudly. My kids were really upset. It was extremely unprofessional behavior and a rather quizzical response to the problem. Why not put a lock on the slide?  Or a sign that clearly says "slide closed"?  If you can't manage this kid of thing maybe you shouldn't work at a playground.
100% FREE 
They do ask for a small donation. It was our first time there, we stayed for 4 hours on a rainy day.  Can't wait till the outside opens up. You can also have food delivered there or bring food. They do have an eating area. 

WE WILL DEFINITELY BE GOING BACK
Best park in North Philly, bar none. One of the best in the City too. Highly recommended. Great for kids of all ages. Free, too! Lots of great things, toys, and activities. Fun!
Went here for the first time for a baby shower. The couple rented the "house" or should I say mansion by the playground. It's a wonderful venue for things like a shower, a small casual wedding reception, small reunions, kids birthday parties of course, or even if friends just wanna rent out a big house with a huge yard. I can imagine it in the summer with bbq and outdoor games. 

The living area was turned into the dining area for the shower which held approximately 50 people. It had two bathrooms and a small room where the food was kept. (The shower was catered and the small room fit a large buffet table plus room for drinks) There was an upstairs but I didn't go there. 

Highly recommend this venue for your next special occasion.
Oh yes, this place is gold!! Even during covid! Parents, welcome to a big playground where your kids can wander without wandering off and where you might actually be able to finish a sentence with another adult. The Wooden Slide is amazing and a big hit. 

During COVID, it's outside only (they are renovating inside anyhow). Totally still a great place to go!
I love this playground! There are lots of things to do here- the wooden slide is a huge hit! Grab a sack and enjoy the ride. Lots of hints to climb on and room to run around!
The toys in doors are old and germs so get you hand sanitizer ready!
They have great concerts here in the spring and summer! It can get crazy her around lunch time!
It's also a great place to have a birthday party! Just beware that there is no air conditioning inside during the hot summer months and it can be brutal! A definitely hit with the kids!
