Okay, first I love this spot...the owner is a very cool dude...love the big screens (he even has Chromecast!)...nice, a real lounge...
...BUT...
...at one point is was my "go-to" spot but as all good things must come to an end...
...I can understand the "BYOB Bottle Fee" after all, he has to keep the lights on and AC/heat going...I didn't even mind paying a bit more for sodas and such...but the last time I was in there, I got hit for $5.50 for a glass with ice...
...I thought myself a regular, I came in regularly, brought a number of friends there, (would formerly) leave money there on account...always purchased the sticks I smoked there, there...so $5.50 for a glass with ice stung and felt personal...
...It's cool enough to still recommend, I will even return when the cold weather sets in and I have fewer options to enjoy a good stick, but just recognize, deep pockets will be needed...
I was driving by and decided that I needed to get a few cigars and there was an advertisement saying it was "ladies night" - so I went in to see what kind of offerings were available.  The staff were friendly and knowledgeable and I appreciated that because women cigar smokers don't get a lot of respect.  I have been smoking cigars over 20 years and i know my stuff and what I like -so, it was nice to be given new information and recommendations.

I got a few of my usual sticks and took a few recommendations. I will be back to chill in the space.
I'm going to start off by saying I like the concept of the place and the decor is decent but the ventilation was pretty much nonexistent and in my opinion this place is over priced.  3 of us went for hookah and we brought 2 bottles of wine.  The corking fee is $11 for non-members. On top of the corking fee we paid $5 per person for a drinking glass for the wine we brought. We go to BYOB's all the time and have never been charged a glass renting fee on top of a corking fee. Our total bill was around $50. The sign out front said if I check in on Yelp we would get 20% off our bill. We were then told 2 of us had to check in to get the discount. This didn't make sense to us but we obliged. When the bill came there was no discount added. We made the waitress aware of the issue. Lastly my friend and I split the bill on our credit cards. We signed our receipts and were on our way. I didn't realize until the following day when my card was declined while paying for lunch that I had been given someone else's credit card.  I promptly canceled my card not knowing who had it. I checked my bank account and noticed Smoke had charged the entire bill to my card as well as half the bill to my friends. I went back to Smoke where I met the owner (who was very nice) and explained to him the situation. He couldn't credit my card since it was canceled. Once I got my new card I went back and was credited the difference. 

I think if Smoke improved their ventilation and worked on their pricing it would be a solid place.
The worst hookah I've ever had. Have been here for the third time today, and it was terrible! Tobacco has no flavor at all (tried 2 different flavors today), no fume and feels like you're smoking burned coal. They definitely should invest more into training stuff how to make hookah. They should come check on you from time to time, and move coal, so tobacco won't burn. And for $29 they could use better coals as well, not the quick light cheap coal.
RACIST !!! Don't not support this place! They asked for ID at the door...I presented my ID and was asked to provide additional identification instead of asking me identifiers on my identification to verify. I'm so disappointed that I was treated that way
Let me first start by saying ive been to smoke twice to meet the bros and enjoyed it. 

But.....this place has more rules than it has cigars. They advertise byob but you have to pay to drink it in the establishment and its Only $6 per person but still. On top of that you have to pay for ice $4 a bucket, and you cant bring your own mixers...pretty much they nickel and dime. Still a relatively cheap night out to watch the game. 

Whatever you want to get, make sure you get it all at once because there is a $15 limit on credit cards. I paid for a cigar, byob fee, and a coke from them and it made out to be $21 not bad. As the night went on i got a water and another coke and it was 4.95. Super cheap! 

To close out my 4.95 i had to walk down the block and withdraw $20 as they held my id to make sure i came back. 

Enjoyed the spot....but relax...please. we want to enjoy it here not be taxed for every breath we take there.
The hookah was burning right from the beginning. The server was refusing to accept that it was. I've been making hookah on my own for a long time. The steel covers on top for protection accelerate the burning process and give a charcoal nasty taste to the smoke. They need to step up or at least pay heed to the customer!
This was my 2nd time here and I was excited to see the new changes in the lounge, until I wasn't greeted properly by the hostess. As soon as my guest and I walked in, she said "Do you have your Vaccine card or Mask (which was great). However, say hello and 1st impressions are everything. She did not smile once. Moreover, the way you pick Cigars and have to wait for hostess to walk all the way to the back of the lounge is crazy, per guest. I felt rushed because she wanted to do everyone at the same time.  I requested the house in the case next to counter as well, the hostess used her bare hands, and grabbed the Cigars right by the head. If you're gonna be covid friendly, do not handle Cigars without wrappers, without gloves or be mindful of how to pick up. 

My whole crew felt the vibe was all off, so we sat outside.
I would frequent another cigar spot in the city, but since this place opened around the corner.....it's my new cigar spot. Not a lot of glitz, but it's not some dingy room with old furniture. Nice open lay out with a well stocked humidor. The best quality is the staff. They seem to genuinely appreciate your business which makes you wanna come back and support. Also, you can bring your own bottle. Pay a small fee for some ice and glasses and hang out. Can't wait for football season to roll back around, because this is a great spot to go and catch a game.
Went in on a Saturday with my other lasy friens without any real knowledge of cigars. The owner was so helpful in informing us of types of cigars we would be interested in ans set us up in a cosy area. We brought a few beers and some cookies and chilled for an hour and it was great. The layout is cozy and chill and the music was on point. We will be back!
Service is great and so are their selections of cigars/hookah. The ambiance is industrial trendy and comfortable to the point where you won't want to leave. Love the cherry popper hookah!
Ambiance. Atmosphere. Customer Service. Cigar selection. Enormous space, with VIP area availability. Cool owner. Even cooler patrons. Great pricing and constant deals and vendor events. What more can you ask for, on the coolest strip in Philly?
I don't usually write reviews but sometimes you can't just ignore the fact that you paid a lot for something that you're supposed to enjoy but get nothing out of it! I sincerely ask this place to stop selling hookahs to the customers and just stick with the cigarettes. Worst hookahs I've ever had in my life. The Starbuzz shisha tobacco is so good that it is almost impossible to make a bad hookah out of it, but somehow this place managed to do it. The moment we got the hookahs, they had this harsh taste and after a few minutes of smoking they were all burnt (or nearly burnt). Most of the time we were trying to fix the hookahs! They don't give tongs to customers so the customers can manage the coals (however they only put one coal on top of it) and they just put a cover on top of the bowl in order to maintain the heat (which most of the time accelerates the burning process). The way they manage to make the hookahs and keep them running for about an hour an a half is absolutely unprofessional, I've never seen such thing in my life. They really need to invest in the way they prepare the hookahs, and alter it. I understand that there are fans on the ceiling and they have to put the covers on top of the bowls in order to cancel out the wind but they need to change the covers. Covers with closed top and open sides would do much better job. They can stop the wind from top but also keep the heat to the amount that is necessary to have the hookahs running.

I could have bought 4x 250 grams of StarBuzz shishas and a pack of coals with the money we paid to this place and just smoke at home like we always do, but we wanted to try something new outdoors which I think would never happen again at least at this place!
Not a good experience. Rude staff and who makes you pay $5.50 for a glass when it's byob and then pay for mixers too?!?!?
Cool spot--

Recently went here with a big group of friends.  The guy working "the bar" (in quotes because it is BYOB) helped me and a couple other guys out with selecting some cigars and he was both knowledgeable and helpful.

We all had a great time, had room to kick out our legs and relax, smoke hookah/cigars, watch some football on TV and enjoy the beers we had brought along.  

If you want a classy hookah lounge, look no further.
Nice, chill spot. Parking was difficult to find... So, pack your patience! 
5 stars
.
.
.
.
.
I moved into the Philly area 5 years ago and when I first stumbled upon Smoke I found it to be a welcoming, nicely setup lounge where I can to and just chill with a smoke. Limited selection and all. 
How times have changed. Went last night and it was the most unwelcoming lounge I have ever been to. Being that I have been to many a lounge all over the east coast,  that says a lot. 
Not sure what the goal is there,  but if it is to eliminate us customers that just come once in a while,  mission accomplished. 
Never again...
Came here for a friends birthday party and the rest is history. THIS PLACE IS A MUST for a place to hangout after work, to have fun on a Friday or Saturday night, or just come and chill anytime. The owner Kosta is THE MAN, treats everyone like an old friend and genuinely care about you having a great experience. I'm here at least twice a week now. 

The cigar selection is the best I've ever found at a cigar shop. 

The hookah is AMAZING with a huge selection of flavors (I think Kosta must have trained in the Middle East with the masters of hookah...haha)

The shop has a great feel with a walk-in humidor and a huge BYOB bar, tons of leather couches, and two huge projector screen TVs. 

AND HE DOES LADIES NIGHT ON THURSDAYS WITH 50% off hookah and 20% off cigars for the ladies. 

So don't wait another second and get down here ASAP!!! You won't regret it.
Very cool spot, nice atmosphere, good location, & owner seemed cool as well, hence 3 stars. However I had a terrible and cheap feeling experience. Came here with a party of about 11-13 on Saturday night after dinner. Bc our party was rather large we had to break up in 2 sections to be accommodated, which was fine. We didn't have reservations. 3 things I absolutely hate about this place. 1st they only allow 2pp hookah. Everyone knows more than 2 ppl can smoke a large hookah pipe at a time "eye roll" but ok fine. 2nd, they charge $5.50 per glass to drink (a la BYOB) even if you ask for water and your not drinking liquor, super annoying! What if I drank out the bottle (jk) or brought my own cup, then what?! 3rd they make everyone pay something in ADDITION to a buying a glass. Therefore you have to either smoke hookah or "donate" a cigar to someone if you don't smoke. Paying to have a great time is one thing but to go to an establishment and feel like they are "nickel and diming" you is another. I get that you need to pay for your business to run (rental space, electric etc). But personally I feel there is an easier way to do this without annoying customers and giving off a cheap experience. Charge a cover fee at the door per person and get it over with (or maybe just on Saturday night). Or maybe just charge the ppl who aren't buying something. It was very irritating to have the waitress ask and count heads every second anyone (not even with our party) came to our section to make sure the numbers were right. Not sure I'd go back.
Im smoke Screen mobile cigar lounge  bringing my customers to Philly to visit various cigar lounges.  I've traveled here before and was welcomed with open arms. 5 star service. But today I visited with several guest from Baltimore.   As I walk back to the lounge after parking the mobile lounge I was greeted by my guest to how disappointed they are were.  They express that they felt they were welcomed and was hit by how stern the host was.  As I entered I felt the low vibe of the place.  The host was not welcoming at all.  The lounge has lost it  misteek.  No prices displayed  and prices were a lil steep. But we were willing to pay. I could go on but I said enough.   I will not be recommending my guest nor will I make this a stop on cigar tours
