Damn this is the best cheesesteak I had in Philly! Long line when I opened the door. There's still others I need to try but during this trip.. Sonny's had the best one. The ribeye meat chopped up perfectly. I got the cheesesteak wit wizz. The cheese wizz here is made in-house and was so damn good. The onions cooked perfectly. The roll lightly toasted. Oh man this was too damn good. I wouldn't mind having another one right now. 

Recommendation: Cheesesteak wit wiz
Outstanding cheesesteak and hands down I feel the best in Philly.  I have also been to Pat's and Geno's, but I prefer Sonny's.

Located in Old City and a few blocks from The Liberty Bell. If you're out and about doing the tourist thing this is a perfect stop since it's walkable. I don't think this is a tourist trap though.  Just an awesome cheesesteak.

I didn't mess around and went with The Classic.  Steak, fried onions, and cheese wiz.  The steak is perfectly done and well seasoned. You can even watch them cook it up right there.  What takes it to another level is there bread.  Delicious and really completes the cheesesteak.

When we went it wasn't very crowded, but they can get slammed.  They do have about 10 tables inside that turn over pretty quickly.

Yum!  Well done Sonny's!
These guys are open late for all your drunken (food) desires. After my sister's bachelorette party shenanigans, it was pretty unanimous that everyone wanted/needed something greasy to sop up the cocktails. I gave our limo driver the address for Sonny's and we were whisked to cheesesteak heaven. 

We must have arrived just before the bars closed because there were only a couple other people there. I'm sure this place gets slammed at 2am. Everyone received their orders pretty quickly. Back in the limo, I immediately regretted not adding some fries to my order. I nabbed a few from my sister's friend and they were some of the hottest, crispiest, tastiest spuds around. From what I recall, my whiz wit was pretty solid as well. 

We were pretty tuned up when we arrived and the guys behind the counter were so nice. They must have the patience of saints, because I can only imagine what they deal with every weekend.
Get stupid, is what we do good.
Ghost ride the whip, ghost it.
We amped n hyphy straight Philly mobbin.
Straight from the bay lookin for that Cheesesteak fix.
Weather a bit chilly but still lookin Sonny!?! 

Visiting Philly from the Bay, we hadn't had a cheesesteak that really knocked our socks off, until Sonny's.  I'z already eaten about 3 beef cheesesteaks so I thought I switch it up with a Chicken Philly.  Another thing that caught my eye was the Pizza Burger, I love Pizza and Burgers so that's best of both worlds.

Chicken Philly - chicken so soft, the melted cheese, and mushrooms was just straight heaven.
https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=j97MIJZMhwLS9VSoIhFg4A&userid=h4V9maImHWJfFVN7pktuFw

Pizza Burger - Yes it did not disappoint, it tasted exactly how it sounds, this was a must order.
https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=DAQqU9_mX_Tp6_UdRaUyiQ&userid=h4V9maImHWJfFVN7pktuFw

Yes this was my favorite cheesesteak place in Philly, I've gone to Geno's and Pat's to the new joints like Dalessandro's, but none tickled my fancy like the girl named Nancy from 99!?!...but I'll save that story for another time.  Sonny's does it right from the cheesesteaks to the burgers, can't go wrong with anything on the menu here.
Was in old city and I was looking for a cheesesteak place nearby. Checked Yelp and saw Sonny's. Went on a weekday night around 6pm, it was pretty dead inside.

I ordered the cheesesteak meal with wiz, onions and peppers. It came with a drink and fries for additional $4. It was pretty pricey. I think the total came out to a little over $15.

The food was decent. Chopped steak, good flavor, but a bit fatty. It didn't taste as fresh as I would have liked either. The fries weren't bad, but it also didn't taste as fresh as I would have liked. The drinks are fountain style.

There's plenty of seating and it's a pretty good sized restaurant. Service was fast and somewhat friendly. I just wasn't that impressed with the quality and the taste of the cheesesteak.
The battle for supremecy in the "Best Cheesesteak" in Philly is and has been an ongoing battle. Everyone has their favorite, their "ole reliable" for that "go to" spot. A fierce compititon to be number 1 and I am more than willing to accept this kind of challange.  A 1200 plus calorie induced challange types of deliciousness, and Sonny's you have made my top 3!

Holy goodness as I entered Sonny's , I was greeted with an inviting aroma of angus and ribeye on the grill doing its thing.(Angus for the burgers, Ribeye for the steaks) We all know that hum of meat being cooked, that sizzle that just makes you do a little shimmy. Best part about Sonny's they always start off with a clean slate. Meaning once one steak is made they clean it off and start with the next one.  They don't keep a heaping mound of meat on the grill like other places do.  From what I have seen at least , that my friends of Yelp makes for a great feast to be had.

So what does Nando go with? The options they offer , the combinations of a mouthwatering taste buds going into shock kind of pleasures. I decided to go with Sonny's  Bacon (Apple wood is used) cheesesteak with American cheese, compliment it with wiz and fried onions for the win. Basically a Wiz and American Wit if you want to know the lingo, without looking like a tourist. (That was for you out of town noobs) 

I place my order and already I start to do the happy dance ! (my inner self was feeling the flow)  I get my masterpiece as I give the all knowing "nod" to the man wheeling that spatula. I must say before I get this they lightly toasted my roll and dressed the bottom of the roll with Wiz. After that they then added the goods with a layer of good ole Americana on top sealing everything in. A blanket you might say to keep it snug with the meat cut just right . It wasn't chopped up into little bits and it wasn't slices laying in there. It was just right, and we should all know what just right is

 I take my first bite , the juices from the meat and cheese mixed with that  Apple wood smoked bacon was amazing. The meat , not a single dry section, a great flavorful rush to it.  The way the Wiz and American held everything  in with the onions mixed all in there , this bad boy was phenomenal ! I didn't need ketchup , I wanted to enjoy all the flavors this had to offer. 

So as I am in a "Nom nom " mode , my taste buds were getting a well deserved treat I am looking around this fine establishment. A nice old school décor to Sonny's showing pictures along the wall of how they did things back in the day. Great spot with plenty of seating in the back and along the wall. Clean with a great crew working their magic , with that said these guys are also open till 3 am. So get in there and get involved in something you'll be sure to come back again and again.  

Review over, go there now! Immediately , stop reading and GO !
Ok, here goes. My favorite cheesesteak in Philly? Yeah. Sonny's.

Contrary to popular (tourist) belief, a typical Philadelphian's breakfast, lunch, and dinner is -not- comprised of a cheesesteak. If it were, however, I suppose Sonny's is where I'd go. Not Pat's, not Geno's, not Jim's, but Sonny's. 

While the aformentioned hot spots cater to visitors, Sonny's feels a bit more local and genuine. There's no colloquially forced ordering procedure ("wit," "witout," "whiz" - I'm pretty sure Pat's/Geno's/Jim's does that to suggest local flavor) and they offer more sophisticated toppings. After all, a cheesesteak is just like any other sandwich, one that's not limited to just onions and cheese. 

So if you're in the neighborhood, hopping off your Olde City carriage ride or walking out of the Constitution Center, Sonny's is a sure bet. You won't find a line trailing around the corner and you won't find a bunch of tourists reciting the proper way to order their cheesesteak in line. No pretension, no bull, just good meat and cheese sandwiches. 

Holla.
My friend and I drove from DC to Philadelphia because we were both craving cheesesteaks.  So as to justify our insane eating habits, we also stopped by the Liberty Bell and a few other attractions in Philadelphia, but we mostly came here to get a really good cheesesteak.  Some quick Yelp research told me that Sonny's was the best rated cheesesteak place along our walking route, even if it wasn't the most reviewed or famous.  Yelp surely did not let us down!

After getting soaked in the rain and arriving around 1:00 PM on a Saturday, the line was just barely inside the door.  We snagged a table as someone left, so I waited in line while my friend held down the table.  We both ordered the Classic Cheesesteak ($9), which comes with steak, cheese wiz, and onions, although I opted for no onions.  Cheese wiz instead of real cheese left me skeptical, but this cheesesteak was delicious.  The meat was delicious, and the food was amazingly hot.  The fries were also crispy and hot.

The employees were very nice and great.  The line moved quickly, and the food was ready exceptionally fast.  When some dopey tourists were holding the door open, the cashier made sure it was shut so everyone did not freeze inside.
How did I end up at Sonny's when I am not a cheesesteak fan?  We had been in Philly a couple of days and Husband had not yet consumed the requisite Philly Cheesesteak so he had to get one on our last day in Philly. We had passed by Sonny's earlier in the day and the line was out the door do we thought it would be a good option. 

Husband and 11 year old got Cheesesteaks with Provolone & Onions.  Although a large sandwich, this cheesesteak was not as humongous as the one 11 year had the day before at Reading Terminal Market. Even though Cheesesteaks are not my thing, I had to have a taste.  The meat was pretty tasty and the roll was crispy and substantial enough to hold the meat.  

12 year old and I ordered the Grilled Cheese. I have to say, perhaps Sonny's should be known for it's Grilled Cheese as well as it's  Cheesesteaks!  For our cheeses we both picked cheddar and mozzarella, which created a thick, yummy, ooey gooey filling. The bread was thick and not too greasy. The four of us also shared a couple of orders of fries. Loved them!  Hot and fresh, flavorful, but not too seasoned and salty. 

Of course you don't go to Sonny's for the ambiance. The place is small with limited seating. If there is a line to order it moves fast.  The staff is a little rough and barks your number when orders are ready.  I know there are many conversations about the "best cheesesteaks in Philly".  I don't know if Sonny's has the best cheesesteaks in Philly, but it is a good option if you are in the Independence Hall area (and they also make a mean grilled cheese!)
It's really hard to find the best cheesesteak in philly; as a New Yorker I've made the trek a few times and every time I find a new place to try.

I've hit ten spots in a day n a half once just to see if I could figure it out.

All my data and sampling is still no match for all that this smelly city has to offer. Philly is a dump, but man do they pump out some great food. Sonnys is no exception. 

Just down the block from independence hall and some historical sites you'll find Sonny's; one of the best cheesesteaks around.

That's all I can really say. The line can get long because their steaks reign supreme to many. 
Every place has something up on the next, be it the bread, the meat, the cheese, or the toppings; but Sonny's has a great product for sure.  This feels like a real sandwich as opposed to a lot that feel cheap... but there's something to be said about that as well, a classic crappy "whiz wit" holds a place in all of our hearts... but sonnys takes that up a notch; still a classic, not too elevated that you lose the roots, just a little better.
Cheesy classic Philly steak sammie time!  Not the best I have had on a Philly, but made it a meal when in Philly downtown!  Convenient spot to grab and munch on. 

I liked the onion rings as a side order a lot!  They batter it up well and fried it to a perfect crispiness, that was delicious.  It was the crunch that was overly satisfying with my mustard dip. 

Cherry hot pickled peppers, complimented the sammie!  I had a bite of that with every bite of the sammie!  I was indulging.  The pleasures of simplicity on grub local food with travel, was what this spot reminded me of in that moment.  It was treasurable and marked a satisfactory spot in my soul. 

Classic Philly sammie that one can't go wrong on when ordering up here! Add the onion rings while at it!  Win!
I went to Sonny's Famous Steaks for a quick meal before heading back to VA. The restaurant stays open late. The manager working at the cash register was down to earth. She knew I wasn't from Philly by the way I ordered my cheesesteak (lol). She was really nice. I ordered a bacon cheesesteak (onions, whiz, & sweet peppers) and cheese fries. Sonny's bacon cheesesteak was tasty. The meat and toppings blended well together. Sonny's fries were hot and crispy/cheesy. Overall, I really enjoyed my entire meal. Sonny's Famous Steaks came up using my Yelp app (searching for late night cheesesteaks). It definitely didn't disappoint. I even ordered a cheesesteak for my flight back to VA. Parking can be a hassle at times (street). Sonny's Famous Steaks is one of the top cheesesteaks I've eaten in Philly. I give Sonny's Famous Steaks a 4.5 rating.
They don't call it Sonny's Famous Steaks for nothin'...but as far as I'm concerned these dudes are the only game in town when it comes to pure, unadulterated stuff your face with fatty goodness.

Let's just kick it off with the fact that even though I am a Philly girl, I don't usually do the cheesesteak thing. In fact, anyone who lives here will usually agree that it's something many locals partake in only when they have an out of town visitor. That said, I was a little nervous when my SF guest said she just HAD to have a Philly cheesesteak. Gulp...where do we go? Pat's? Geno's? Jim's? (Check the reviews and you'll see why I brought her here...thanks again good old trusty Yelp!). 

And then there was the whole legend of the "Cheesesteak Nazi," who will yell at you and possibly make you cry if you don't order correctly. "Whiz," I'm asking myself. "WTF?" I know from the media reports not to order provolone, but what the hell do you do about the onions and the peppers? Blarg! Too confusing! My brain almost shut down just thinking about it.

Luckily, as I said before, I consulted Yelp before I left the house, and based on the reviews of people I read regularly (thanks, Point P!) I chose Sonny's. Note to self: good choice.

Kevin, the guy working that day, gave me a tutorial on how to order a cheesesteak. And he didn't seem like he wanted to throw hot grease on me when I asked him questions. And to top it off, he plays trumpet with the Peek-A-Boo Revue, which is pretty damn awesome. So now Kevin is one of my new favorite guys in town.

Conclusion...whether you're a local or a visitor and you get a hankerin' for a cheesesteak, get yours here (wit Whiz, of course!).
Attention Philadelphia visitors: 
This is not a Tourist trap. Even though it may seem like it is, since it is ideally located in the heart of Philadelphia tourism area. This is one Cheesesteak you do NOT want to miss out on. Just couple of bucks away from Liberty Bell & National Constitution Center. 

On the other hand, my dear Philadelphia residents:
Unless you are physically living in South Philly, which personally I don't see a legit reason to keep going to Pat's, Geno's , or Tony Luke's. Again, it is a personal choice. 
Sonny, should be a second nature to Philadelphian to go (or at least recommend) to everyone looking for a good Cheesesteak. 
This is one delicious-- more like intense-- cheesesteak. I'm talking about soft & tender ribeye steak, and fried onions, topped with ooey-gooey melted whiz cheese in long, soft Amoroso's roll. I also suggest adding mushroom ( for $1.00) to your cheesesteak, and probably it'll be a game-changer, just much more deliciousness. 
That was what I had, and it's called "The Classic." From the name, I believe it is your Cheesesteak 101. Beef steak+ cheez whiz + fried onions = Classic Cheesesteak. Done just right!
I went on a busy Friday night, and the service was on point.

Four and Half Yelps
I've been to this comfortable eatery on Market twice. First time, I went in out of curiosity. The second time, I wanted to show an out-of-towner friend a REAL cheesesteak - not just Pat's and Geno's, which she's tried.

Both times I've been to Sonny's I've had a cheesesteak with the works. I LOVE the sweet peppers, the mushrooms, the trimmings, and the pure greasiness of it all. Their sandwiches tend to be smaller than their competitors though. My friend and I took advantage of Sonny's outdoor seating to enjoy the daytime weather. (When she took a bite, her eyes rolled to the back of her head, while images flashed before my eyes about how I am so inadequate, I could never satisfy her more than that cheesesteak just did.)

Come to Sonny's for a good sandwich without the attitude!
I've been to Philly before, but it was a few years back, and I was pretty sure I didn't like cheesesteak last time I tried it. Before visiting Sonny's I tried a cheesesteak at a different restaurant and confirmed that I didn't care for it. 

My group wanted to dine at Sonny's a few nights later, so I went, but before stepping in the door I knew I didn't want another cheesesteak. With few other options on the menu besides cheesesteak, I went with a simple cheeseburger and fries. 

As a group, we all ordered fries, onion rings and meals, so there was a lot of food at our table. Everyone loved their cheesesteak (all different varieties), and my burger was quite tasty and fresh. I don't believe they asked a temp, but it was cooked to medium/medium-well. I was able to eat about half of my burger and some fries until I was more than full. I wish there was some  BBQ sauce and/or honey mustard for my onion rings to punch up the flavor just a bit. They stuck to pretty classic condiments, which I get. 

Sonny's has more than enough indoor seating, and there was room for our group of 7 along with plenty of other tables. The wait wasn't long, and our meals were ready in less than 10 minutes. The staff was friendly and very accommodating to our large group. 

As a group, we were deciding between two famous cheesesteak dining options, and we selected Sonny's since they accept credit cards and the other place didn't.  Sonny's has a great location, and we were able to walk the four blocks from our hotel easily.
What a cheesesteak! They refused to make a sandwich that was half fully loaded And half classic and that's how you know you're in a place with Philadelphia pride. The bread was soft and fluffy, perfect Philadelphia hoagie. The onions are cut into large chunks so if you like your cheesesteak 'wit', this place is got the other ones beat. They gave me peppers and mushrooms on the side and I fully loaded the other half. What a delicious departure!  Every time I'm in Philadelphia I get a cheesesteak in a different place. Jim's is my go to, but this is what I will definitely return to.  A excellent Tuesday - I promised myself I would only eat 1/2 and keep the rest for tomorrow... So much for that!
Can we talk about delicious cheesesteaks!!

Okay for starters believe it or not but I'm a picky eater. And I know you can't have a real cheesesteak without peppers and onions right? Well, unfortunately not fond of the texture so I like to order mine plain. Didn't really expect munch until I took that first bite. Wowzers! It was truly delicious regardless of my special request. Aside from this the cheese fries was just as good. Every French frie had cheese on it. As I made my way down to the last bit of fries I was shocked to see they had just as much cheese as when I first got them. My husband had a cheesesteak with everything on it and this wife got the two thumbs up for finding this spot! Woohoo!

The place itself is not big at all. Therefore, the line did expand from inside to out the door at one point. The line did move rather quick. There are about ten tables (two seaters) located inside. And about four tables outside. You can join tables together if you're there with more people. 

Totally worth the drive.
There are several reasons why I, in this lifetime, will avoid being a vegetarian or vegan at any and all costs. One of the reasons is that I absolutely love meat. It tastes good, it's filling, it makes my tummy smile and it pairs well with the nice happy smile it puts on my face. As for being a vegan, um, I'm sorry but, no cheese? Whatever you are smokin that makes this okay in your mind, um, keep that pass to yourself. 

Finally there are meals like the one I had yesterday at Sonny's Famous Steaks. Since we hired a Philly CM, my main mission was to get my butt out here and have an authentic Philly Cheese steak. Of course that is a terribly touristy thing to say and yearn for, but oh well Judgmental John, but I love hot meat, gooey cheese and hot meat and gooey cheese that fuses flawlessly to a roll and bada bing bada boom, that's what Sonny's delivers best.

Now this story can't even continue without mentioning the sassy and sarcastic stylings of Kevin. The main guy working the counter here that had so much "Clerks" attitude that I couldn't help but fall for him. You can tell that he deals with a boat-load of "Me's;" the tourists on the quest for the PCS, but even in spite of that, he talked us through it and delivered us to a yummy happy place...and hey, at least we didn't go total tourist and hit up Pat's or Geno's. Shiiit, even I know better than that.

Anyhoo let's just talk a little more about these sammiches. For starters they use Cheese Wiz. Now apparently, some people on this planet have a problem with this. Again, what are you smoking? That can of orangeish-yellowish chemicals is a God-send. Try eating some infused in a hot dog, it's magical.

Next was the drip down the arm factor. A true measure of a great sammich in my book. If I don't use my sleeves as napkins and go through about 15 of the paper ones, eff that, you failed me as a sammich. Finally there was the total meat juicy cheesy mess that was left on the paper below the sammich. Oh man, it was love.

I don't think I will ever be able to eat another Philly Cheese steak now. And how can I? This was junk food perfection. And provolone?! You can keep your stinkin provolone, cuz I'm gettin cheesy with the Cheese Wiz, yo!
Tourist Alert: If you are staying nearby don't miss this authentic treasure!
 The feminine offspring who is now working nearby was in the mood for a decent cheesesteak so she chose Sonny's and I am glad she did. It's located right on Market Street and has outdoor seating so on this warm October day we chose to seat outside.  When we chose one of the aluminum tables we were rewarded with all the sounds of the city and some great people watching.  I'll be honest, I have passed Sonny's hundreds of times never giving it a thought. Shame on me because the proprietors serve great steaks with smiles. Peruse their website and see they value their commitment to the city in which they were born and they take pride in having been awarded GQ's best Philly cheesesteak.

We both ordered cheesesteaks with a shared order of fries. My palate was happy with the nicely chopped ribeye and perfect amount of cheese. What impressed me was how good it was minus the grease of other cheesesteaks I've had elsewhere. My daughter said it was the best meal she had all week.
When my expat Philly friends are in town, I will now be taking them only to Sonny's to satisfy their cheesesteak fix.
In a city where you can get cheesesteaks practically on every block, I'd recommend skipping out on this one. 

Came here on a pretty busy Sunday afternoon and ordered a beef cheesesteak with provolone and onions and a chicken cheesesteak with provolone and onions and chicken tenders with fries to go. Space here is pretty tight so usually people take their order to go. 

I ate their fries and chicken tenders right away and was extreme disappointed. The fries were really soggy and not crispy at all. The chicken tenders weren't terrible but all of them tasted like oil and I needed BBQ sauce to offset the taste of the oil. 

As for the cheesesteaks, neither the chicken or the beef cheesesteaks were flavorful. It was pretty bland, lacked salt and flavors, and not even the cheese could have added extra flavor.
3.5 stars

Walked into Sonny's around 5:30pm on a Monday evening. No line and hardly any customers inside. The cashier on shift was friendly and helpful! There are a few small tables along the wall and three picnic style tables towards the back. Condiment station and fountain drinks also located to the right of the cashier. 

Cheesesteak with choice of cheese ($9): Five different types of cheese for your delicious stacked steak! I was recommended the cheez whiz to try my first time in Philly. The cheez whiz is similar to a nacho cheese. Additional toppings range from free to $2. 

Bacon Cheese Fries ($6): Thin cut fries with cheez whiz and bacon bits. Very simple - comes in a small container. Definitely not worth the price.

Street parking only. Short walk from the Liberty Bell.
These were some seriously good cheese steaks!

I was in Phlly for work and my colleague had cheese steaks at Sonny's a few weeks ago and suggested that we take a walk and get them for lunch. 

They were very good - way better than Pat's or Geeno's. The service is like most other cheese steak joints, you wait on line, give your order and get your sandwich. We took ours to go.

I would definitely come back.
For the past few years, I've been struck with what I like to call "cheesesteak ennui." It comes from living in/around Philadelphia and trying endless cheesesteaks until they all start tasting the same. Dalessandro's was my only saving grace... until now.

Conveniently around the corner from work is the unassuming Sonny's. I have always passed by this place because it didn't have name recognition in any of my circles, but I was craving a cheesesteak at work the other day and this was close. So glad I went.

The best thing about this cheesesteak is the cheese. If you order provolone (I can't comment on the Wiz), the entire cheesesteak somehow has the gooey, melty cheese running throughout, making every bite cheesey, meaty, and bready all at once (probably the most important part of the sandwich). The beef is sliced and the rolls are solid as well. The prices are normal for a cheesesteak (~$9). You can order fries or a drink ($3 or $2, respectively) or just make it a combo with your steak and get the drink for half. The fries are delightful and reminiscent of McDonald's.

There are occasional crowds of tourists (who have absolutely no idea how good of a steak they're getting) and you'll have to deal with a lunchtime rush that can make the line extend out the door, but all in all, it is a wonderful joint and you should make it a point to go here! 

They've got a handy sign on the wall that explains how to order, so if this is your first steak, you can't be confused.
I've been asking a bunch of tour guides which is their favorite cheese steak.  I got various responses that ranged from Ishkabibble's, Jims, Tony Luc's to Sonny's.  The response I liked best was, "You can't go wrong with Jim's but my favorite is Sonny's because of the quality of the meat."  It also happened to be near all the historic sites of down town Phili (Liberty Bell, Independence hall, ect) and right around the corner from where i was.
There was also another cheese steak place (Campos) 2 doors down so i sent my buddy there to get one from there and do the half and half thing.

I got mine (from Sonny's) with grilled onions and american cheese, my buddy got his (from Campo's) with onions, peppers, mushrooms, and provolone.  Mine had less filling, maybe because his had peppers and mushrooms and mine didn't.  Either way, Sonny's was easily the winner, our tour guide had it right, the quality of the meat was better and tastier.

It was the best of the 3 cheesesteaks ive had while in Philli.  I'd have liked to have given Tony Luc's and Jim's a try in comparison but alas .  So little time... So many cheesesteaks...
Tourists: all cheesesteaks are not created equal. Sonny's is a cut above the rest. Tucked away in a prime little location only blocks away from Penns Landing, Sonny's would have been difficult to spot but for the large crowd. My mom and I had just attended a lackluster bridal show and wanted to milk the $20 prepaid parking fee so we decided to walk a little to find a place and grab lunch. I pulled out my phone and checked Yelp for nearby good places (we didn't want to be disappointed again after that corny show lol). We were waited on right away and ordered a cheesesteak with provolone and an order of fries to share. It was more than enough food for both of us and delicious! One of the best cheesesteaks I've had. It gets pretty crowded but the tables turn over fast and we were able to get seats. Come in for an early lunch to beat the crowd but I can see how Sonny's would be great for late night grease too. 5/5
My husband and I literally did a cheesesteak challenge. We got cheesesteaks with whiz and peppers from 5 different places in Philly on the same day. Sonny's was BOTH of our favorites!! We were shocked how great it was compared to the other big names. The meat was great quality, I didn't bite into any gristle like other cheesesteak places. And the peppers were sweet and delicious. Sonny's got my vote! And my husbands! Our new favorite cheesesteak in the city!! Bravo Sonny's.
During our lunch here today, my boyfriend looked and me and said "why are you so quiet," and laughed while he watched me dog my sandwich. No shame over here because the cheesesteak I ate was absolutely delicious- easily the best one I have ever had. I can tell he enjoyed it as much as I did because he didn't say much during lunch either and we at both pretty chatty people. The inside of the place screams hole in the wall- not flattering to the eyes at all which in a sense makes the experience better. The service was friendly and the food came out quick. We both ordered the loaded cheesesteak with beef and cheese wiz along with a side of fries. Fries were hot and crispy and the beef from the cheesesteak was extremely fresh-as well as the bread it came on. At the end of our lunch, I was actually sad it was over...but I left will a full tummy and a smile on my face.
WoW! It's officially been going on 3 years since I've eaten beef. and I can honestly say that there's not too many things out there that make me want to change that. But every time I come across here I have to fight back the urge to end it all and order three of these suckas! Sonny's is just the real deal like that!

The distaste I've felt for spot's like Geno's and Pat's is no secret if you have read my reviews. And here has everything that they don't  which is even more reason to appreciate it. no long lines, plenty of places to sit indoors, and people working there who are are friendly enough to help you with your order whether you say "wit" or not. And the sandwiches are fully loaded decadence.

And to top it all of they make pretty damn good chicken cheesesteaks too. So once I fully master the art of suppressing the urge to the fullest I think I'll be back :)
So glad I found this place! There's indoor and outdoor seating which is great for any weather. The service is fast and all the employees are very nice. I asked a few questions and everyone was more than happy to help. 

I ordered a cheesesteak with provolone cheese & sautéed onions. My food was cooked in about 5 minutes and tasted delicious! If I am ever in the area again I will definitely be back to try a chicken cheesesteak! 

The only negative thing I have to say is that the parking is horrible. We drove around for over 30 minutes looking for a spot (never found one and improvised by running in to grab the food and eating in the car). Your best bet is to find a near by parking lot that ranges from $15 to $20. Definitely worth it!
BEST CHEESESTEAKS IN PHILLY!!!!

BEST CHEESESTEAKS IN PHILLY!!!!

BEST CHEESESTEAKS IN PHILLY!!!!

Another reviewer commented on the super-high quality of the steak meat in Sonny's cheesesteak, saying all the tourists who go here don't even know what a treat they are getting. That was the PERFECT comment. No, you tourists do not know how good you have it if you happen to pick Sonny's for your first try at a cheesesteak. You are dang lucky!

I have lived in Philly most of my life, and have eaten HUNDREDS of cheesesteaks. So if you choose to benefit from my life's experience, KNOW that Sonny's is tops in and out of Philly. They are second to none, but fast on their heels is, believe it or not, a little-known place in the burbs (Westtown Meat Market), who, by far, makes the best cheesesteak in the suburbs.

My husband and I made a trip downtown specifically to try Sonny's. We got a Sonny's cheesesteak and a Campo's cheesesteak at the same time; we each ate half of each one. No comparison. Once I got Sonny's into my mouth I could have thrown Campo's on the street. I had NO interest in another bite of Campo's once I had Sonny's. The best!  Of course, that is not the limit of my comparisons, but I don't want to bore you with details. I do not believe I have called any other cheesesteak on Yelp THE BEST IN ALL OF PHILLY. No, just Sonny's.

As many have said, lines are awful. Even in winter (and I mean late February when it is record cold, not Xmas time), and even at 2-to-4pm at that awkward interval between lunch and dinner, there are still long enough lines. But I have to say it was worth it. YUM!
I was prepped for crazy lines late night, but to our surprise there was only a few. Maybe b/c it was raining! Lucky us. The overhead menu is very descriptive and the guys working are helpful. It's small inside, but there's a few community style tables and some bar style seating along the wall. I got a regular with provolone and the husband got cheese wiz. Don't @ me about which is better. Some people prefer wiz and some don't!! I loved my sandwich and my husband talked about it for a few days after. We also shared an order of fries but hardly ate any b/c they sandwiches were so big. I would definitely come back. Service was fast and friendly.
Just another cheesesteak joint in Philly.

Every time my fiance and I visit Philly, we try to visit a different cheesesteak restauant and next up was Sonny's. We had just come from Campo's and, since parking can be a challenge in the busy Old City area on Saturdays, we decided to knock off Sonny's off of our list during the same meal time. 

When we approached Sonny's, we immediately noticed the old school black and white decor of the restaurant, which really made it stand out in the area. There was ample seating inside and plenty of customers already chowing down when we arrived at about 8:15pm. The menu was plastered above the cooking area and where the line formed. There were some simple instructions on how to order and what customers could order. Since we were only interested in having the cheesesteak, which probably 99% of customers order, we went with the obvious - the Classic, which was the typical beef steak with cheese whiz and fried onions.

Unfortunately, the Classic just didn't live up to the hype. First, it was a pretty small cheesesteak, which was a pattern that we had been seeing recently at other restaurants too. Second, the steak was not very flavorful, despite being juicy. To add insult, there wasn't much cheese whiz on the steak to mask it's lack of flavor either. I feel that there should never be a lack of cheese on a cheesesteak because it's really an inexpensive ingredient compared to the steak itself. It wasn't the worst cheesesteak we had, but it was far from the best. I wanted to like Sonny's because of the friendly service there and because we had just been disappointed by Campo's too, but to no avail.
Sonny's is my go-to cheesesteak joint. I only eat steaks when people from out of town visit, otherwise I would be a total lardo. Sonny's is quick, not too expensive, and in a central location. 

The bread they use is perfect- soft on the inside, just crisp enough on the outside. They use Amoroso's rolls, I've been there early enough to see their delivery come in. The steaks here are not huge, which I consider a good thing because I hate dragging leftovers with me. They use a lot of whiz (yay!) and the onions are not overcooked. I have never had the fries, one sandwich is plenty of food for me.

This place is a hole in the wall, but there is seating outside.
Giving 1 generous star for their cheesesteaks. It was decently good. What was disappointing is the lack of care for customers because we had ordered cheese fries with the works. They were out of utensils and had asked them 3 times for it and all they told us was it'll be right out.

We had already finished the cheesesteaks but the cheese fries left untouched. Decided to go up to the counter with the plate of cold cheese fries and ask for a refund. As soon as we said that the utensils were brought out immediately! 

Took a bite. It was cold and not enjoyable.....it went in the dumpster.
Sonny's cheese steak was dry and very average. I had better sandwiches at Jersey Mike's. I am so disappointed because I could have went a few miles away to any of a number of better cheese steak purveyors in the city that, literally, invented the genre. 

The meat was just dry and over cooked. The onions were undercooked and underwhelming. The bread was good but not great and not fresh tasting. The provolone cheese was horrible. The cheese wiz got as hard as a rock in five minutes. The overall flavor was absent. The sandwich was not satisfying in the least. Maybe it was an off night for the grill team but having traveled up from D.C. and looking forward to a Philly cheese steak, Sonny's needs to do better...all the time. Not that it was nasty, but damn, the standards are higher because this is Philly.  Save your money and calorie count by passing on the industrially produced pre-frozen fries (I am sure they are breaded to add a crispy texture...individuals with gluten sensitivity beware).

The interior of the restaurant needed a good scrubbing and paint job. Hell, even just clean off the tables...they were filthy and trash strewn. The glass by the ordering line was greasy (which I thought, pre-ordering, was a sign of a great "greasy spoon" type of place). I was wrong, this place is just a dive for no reason. The service was okay and the speed of service was very fast. The prices are okay...$8.00 for a nice size sandwich that looked much better than it tasted.

Would that the sandwich was good. It was middling at best. Two and a half stars in any other city. Two stars by Philadelphia standards, and that is me being generous.
BEWARE of the young tall skinny Hispanic girl with glasses and a bun that works there. Went on a Saturday evening and she tried to sabotage my order to no avail while I had my 1 year old in tow.

As my husband was on line waiting to order I asked her if there was a changing station. She told me no and was not nice about it so I walked off seemingly annoyed. Guess she didn't like the attitude back. 

As we were on line she was playing some staring contest with me from afar and when it came time for us to order, she coincidentally jumps back on the register. She was speaking Spanish to her colleagues and made very obvious eye contact to them referring to us with a smirk on her face. She definitely wanted me to know she was up to something. Very angry individual. Pathetic I might add. 

After we order and wait for our food, she specifically asks me which order number I had. No one else. Just mine. She was definitely out to get me. Get our food and realize it's not what we ordered. We ordered a regular cheesesteak and she gave us chicken and paid for the chicken one. Sorry but the joke's on you. You just wasted one of your sandwiches and we ended up paying less for a Philly cheesesteak. Thank you for that. 

In reading other reviews like mine, this may be the same person that other Yelpers were referring to. Someone like this is bad for business (and Philly) and I can't be a patron at a place that I can't trust to not tamper with my food depending on your mood or attitude and therefore will not be returning. 

What a shame because with all the competition out there, you'd think you want customers back but it's not worth the trip back due to your unprofessional, immature workers that have a lot of growing up to do.
After living outside of Philadelphia for several years and trying many different cheesesteak places, this place did not disappoint at all. 

It might seem like a tourist trap in the middle of old city, but the cheesesteak was amazingly juicy and flavorful. 

I ordered the original with beef, fried onions and cheez wiz.
Another Friday, another lunch out with my friend and coworker. Decided to try a new cheesesteak place for us, but Sonny's has been around for some time.

Oh, Boy! This was one of the best cheesesteaks I've ever had and would be probably #2 on my list next to Joe's Steak (formerly Chink's and see my review!). Right amount of meat, cheese, and onions and shrooms. A little too much on the sweet peppers for me, but the roll kicked major butt. What a great combo to make an awesome sandwich. Had some fries and they got a little soggy back to the office, but still quite tasty.

Sonny's has plain, loaded (which is what I had and took a picture), bacon, hoagie with lettuce/tomato/red onion/mayo, pizza steak, and pepperoni cheesesteak. They also sell the right sides like fries of all sorts, onion rings, and mozzarella sticks. But, there's more! You can get burgers and, get this, grilled cheese in multiple styles!

In these COVID-19 times, they are limiting the numbers in the store, everyone wears masks, and you have to go outside to wait for your order until they call your number. There's also about four metal tables to sit at to eat if you wish outside. 

Overall, definitely five stars for this awesome cheesesteak. No peppers next time for me.

$12 for the ultimate cheesesteak, $10 for the plain, and $3 for fries. Not bad at all.
One word...YUMMY!

Our tour guide, Chris, on our Free Tours By Foot tour (highly recommended) mentioned that you don't have to go somewhere famous to get an excellent cheesesteak.  He was right!  

I'm stubborn and I didn't come all the way from Hawaii and not try all the famous places I always see on TV so we went to the famous places (Pat's & Geno's) but we also tried Sonnys which was highly recommended by Chris. By far Sonnys was our hands down favorite. 

Sonnys is right in the heart of Olde Town on Market Street (3 blocks from the Liberty bell). For $10.25 we got a cheesesteak combo which came with a cheesesteak (maybe 12" long), French fries and a drink.  

The cheesesteak was delicious. The sign says they use rib eye for their meat. It is tender and juicy and made to order. I highly suggest the cheese whiz. While I would never eat cheese whiz in normal day to day dining, it really is the perfect cheese for the sandwich. It is rich and creamy and compliments the thinly slice met. The onions were nicely sautéed (although next time I will order extra onions). All in all the best cheesesteak we ate. 

The fries were good. Crispy and just the right amount of salt. And drink was a regular fountain drink. You can get refills for half price on the drinks.  Sonnys accepts credit cards so that's another thing they have over pats and Geno's. 

When we come back, this is definitely where we will eat. 

I always like a comparison so here it is:
- Geno's was more expensive, not within walking distance, had a line, only accepts cash.  Bread was harder, meat not as tasty and fattier and cheese (although we got provolone here) was not melted and didn't help the sandwich at all. Staff was unfriendly and impatient.  My husband wouldn't even eat his. I had to give him my Pat's sandwich. 
-  Pat's was is the middle cost wise. Also not within walking distance, no line but you have to go to 2 different windows (1 for sandwich, 1 for drinks and fries), cash only and staff sandwich lady was rude, drink guy seemed a little nicer.  Bread was softer than Geno's, meat was in the middle (Sonnys being best, Geno's being worst).  Whiz was good although stingy (definitely needed more). Onions were eh okay. 

So recap, Sonnys was the best!  But if you want to eat at a famous place on TV just to eat somewhere famous, make it Pat's. Skip Geno's all together.
Underwhelmed. Drove all the way up to Philly to enjoy a cheesesteak from Sonny's (it was recommended) and was disappointed. I almost wanted to toss it but wasn't going to let food go to waste. 

I ordered both the regular cheesesteak and a chicken cheesesteak. The regular cheesesteak was a bit skimpy in comparison to other places...and was just meh...the chicken cheesesteak was tossed. Zero flavor. 

Scratching this one off my list.
Decent cheesesteak, but I was not a fan of the grilled cheese.  It was crowded inside during dinner and the tables weren't the cleanest.  Overall, a very salt of the earth type of atmosphere.
A finely chopped cheesesteak with whiz and grilled onions hit my mouth. I was in heaven, I found a really good cheesesteak.  We went on a snowy President's day, right before the lunch hour. There was only one person on there, no meat was on the grill, they put it on after you order. It was so fresh and tasted so good. I can not wait to go back again for another one. There was no fatty pieces of steak on the sandwich. If you have not tried Sonny's I highly suggest you do. Forget the tourist traps of Pat's & Geno's and get a Sonny's!
In search of the perfect Philly Cheesesteak, I followed the recommendation of a fellow Yelper and came by Sonny's. Plus, it's conveniently located by all the touristy places, so after (or before) you learn about the history of our country at Independence Hall and get your photo with the Liberty Bell, take a short walk to Sonny's. This place definitely didn't disappoint. I got a cheesesteak with provolone cheese and onions. It was awesome. Staff was so nice and didn't make me feel awkward or out of place being a tourist. They even recommend a tourist special. If you are in rush this place will get you on your way quickly because the food comes out super fast. There is plenty of seating inside if you do want to stay a while. Tables can easily be put together to accommodate larger groups.
11/19/19
I'd never had a cheesesteak until I came to Sonny's. I always wanted my first time to be in Philly. I was driving from New Jersey to Virginia and saw that I could easily stop in Philly. I googled "best cheese steak in Philadelphia". Sonny's was high on the list. I easily found parking on Market Street and made it to the shop before the lunch crowd. The woman behind the counter helped me place my order (glad she was patient since I had never ordered this before). I got the cheesesteak with Velveeta, sautéed onions, french fries, and a drink. The sautéed onions took the flavor to a whole other level. Every bite was bliss. I am glad I came to Sonny's when I did because as I was leaving the lunch crowd was lining up all the way to the door. I can understand why. Highly recommend.
I usually do my best to avoid the touristy, all day, late night cheesesteak places. These establishments usually provide the consumer with sub-par quality. Until dining at Sonny's, the only tourist trap I would even consider spending my hard earned dollar was Jim's Steaks. 

My nephew was in town from North Carolina and he wanted "the Philly Cheesesteak" as visitors would say. I wanted to take him to John's Roast Pork but it was crappy out. I then remembered how I had a pretty good cheesesteak at Sonny's. What I like about Sonny is the fact that they do have other food options if you don't care for the cheesesteak.  In my opinion it is a great place for a local, who is probably on cheesesteak overload, to take their out of town guest and still be able to enjoy something off the menu. 

The food here exceeds the quality of those well-known places. Let's start with the fries. I can order them the same time I order the rest of my food, they are not surrounded by pockets of grease, from sitting in a fryer all day, and most of all they are cooked and seasoned perfectly. As Nando mentioned, the meat is not sitting on the grill all day which I feel kills the flavor of the meat. So far I have dined at Sonny's twice and during that time I have not had to stop chewing to pull a piece of fat from my mouth and sandwich. My only complaint is that if this place gets crowded and you are sitting near the counter, people are standing over your while you eat. 

For me whenever I get the urge to eat a cheesesteak which is rare, very rare; Sonny's has made its way on my short list.
When in Philly....you GOTTA have a juicy, greasy, hearty goodness cheese steak. 

Look no further, Sonny's is YOUR answer. Their cheese steaks are greasy enough to make the sandwich taste great, but not overly greased to the point where you'll feel fat by the end of one bite. 

At the end of your cheesy steakness meal, you will feel satisfied because the food was appetizing, filling, and exactly what the doctor ordered :)

The only downside is that their prices aren't too fun...for a cheesesteak, order of fries and drink, it was about $9. Definitely worth it if you're looking for that perfect cheese steak.
Came in on Friday night after 10pm and ordered 2 Cheesesteaks and a french fry. Food was OK nothing spectacular. 

The cashier that took our order wasn't the friendliest.

I looked over and noticed the female cook that was preparing our food was wearing a short sleeve t-shirt and fresh looking needle marks all over her arm. She and the guy next to her kept staring at me and my daughter. 

Its very concerning that she was handling food. My daughter didn't eat much of her sandwich because of it. 

After seeing that, I would not come back.
My fella took me here which means I had a grand time, as always,  but I'm not a fan of the food.  It's a bit too fancy pants for me.  I got a chicken cheesesteak and it was like big pieces of chicken breast and I wanted like fake chicken steak-um stuff.   I think I might have to get regular one next time, which is a shame because I love me a chicken cheesesteak.  French fries were well tasty though. 

I found the big ugly girl behind the counter to be kind of rude.  I mean if you're big and ugly and you work at a cheesesteak joint, you better have a good personality or else you're doomed.    This girl needs to learn that lesson.
Living in Philly for the past 2 years, I haven't gotten around to getting my cheesesteak tour. But I tried this cheesesteak for the first time and I was not disappointed at all.. the steak is not thinly cut like other cheesesteak. I think that is what I liked about this one. It was very tender and juicy. Bread was soft, which is important to me. I like onions and I love provolone so I chose those for my toppings. It wasn't overly greasy either. I didn't think I could eat the whole cheesesteak in one sitting, but I totally did.

There's both outdoor and indoor seating. Inside is pretty clean. The line goes pretty quick to order, but then again this wasn't during the late hours when people have the munchies. The lady who took my order was friendly, smiled, even offered a water cup - good customer service. Oh, and I will mention there is a restroom you can use if need be. I would definitely recommend and will have to come back when I'm craving a cheesesteak in Old City.
I can't believe I haven't reviewed Sonny's! Out of so many cheesesteak-arias in Philly, this is one of my favorite when in Old City. They are open late, they are quick and they have the best fries! One of their sandwiches is large enough to share for two easily....or to save a half for breakfast, just add a fried egg!

If you come here sober (which by the way, I have done), it still gets pretty packed during the day, but they do have a nice amount of seating. You will most likely have to make a friend in one of their larger tables, but that's all part of the Philly hospitality. Definitely hit them up and expect a fresh, delicious steak.....not some dry flavorless Pat or Geno's stuff.  You're welcome tourists.
We were excited to try one of Philly's cheesesteaks. It met expectations. We came on Saturday so the line was long almost out the door. You can eat inside or outside. Seats are limited. The staff are very friendly.
A few friends and I went to watch the Arsenal play a match. After leaving the Philadelphia Gooner bar I found some amazing reviews for a close Cheesesteak place and was very happy with the results. It was my first time here and I have been a longtime fan and supporter of "another shop" and no, not the commercialized big two... "another one" so even though my loyalties were elsewhere I was one over by Leo's when I first walked in the door and smelled a familiar scent. I was impressed and I will be back.


"The Good"
- I went for the purest Cheesesteak with Provolone and Fried Onions. A side of Bacon Cheesefries, because Bacon. and a drink.
-The cheesesteak was amazing, a nice cut of meat with very little, if any, grissle. 
-Amoroso boxes led the way to the counter... You have won my heart Sonny... Amoroso's are some of, if not the best rolls on the east coast. Yes its the wudder... look it up and refer to the science.
- They offer Bacon as a topping, well played. 
-Fountain drinks accessible by the public = free refills, again Thank you.


"The Meh"
- Limited seating, but fast enough turnaround to not take too much notice, I can imagine what its like when they are slammed.


"The Bad"
- Street Parking when available, not their fault ; their problem.
Little day trip to Philly wouldn't be complete without a cheesesteak so Sonny's was the choice. 

Placed an order for pickup over the phone. Very simple and the lady who answered the phone was nice. 

I got the chicken cheesesteak hoagie with red hots and it was sooo good. I inhaled my sandwich lol. 

Would recommend and return next time I'm in Philly.
MUCH better than either Geno's (not necessarily Pat's), but this location is right on Market Street downtown, so what more could you ask for?  Pat's is too awkward a location to travel to if you have no car or access to public transportation that you understand, so this is a wonderful alternative.

Service was really friendly and chatty (which I enjoy as a tourist) and the owner asked us a bunch of questions about Chicago.  Prices are good and the specials are huge (you don't really need a side since the sandwich is enormous).  Get the Steak with the Whiz - it's the only way to go.

Free refills and ample seating inside make for good eats on a 103 degree day (yes, that's literally how hot it was when we were in Philly).  Some outdoor seating is available if you want to sit and watch the people go by.
Sonny's transformed my understanding of why the Philly Cheese Steak is an iconic regional specialty. I was predisposed to enjoy Sonny's because my friend who is a chef told me it is the place serving up his favorite Cheese Steak. He advised me to order it as a Beef Whiz Wid to get the most traditional style, though he prefers American cheese for melt and flavor. The Wid means "with onions" which you either already know or learn through any Google search for a list of best places in town.

The first bite was the bliss that I experience whenever I encounter a truly outstanding dish. It was heavenly. The second and third bites held the quality and flavor. I'm leaving Philadelphia the same day I found this glorious sandwich and I'll be taking my craving with me!
Upon a quick search for "best cheesesteaks in Philly" this place popped up. Just as you expect high quality pizza in Manhattan, you expect high quality cheesesteaks in Philly. These were...fairly good. I got mine with just 2 cheeses. There was a lot of meat and not a lot of cheese. Plus I feel the meat was slightly dry and not "melt in your mouth". Also got some fries that were fine: slightly soggy, but that could have been because it was to go. I liked that I could order online and pick up. People inside were super kind.
Researched a few places where the locals frequent and this came up as one of the top spots to try.  It was definitely crowded, but the line moves really fast. The staff were nice and conversational, but they don't mess around. Place your order and move over so the next person can place their order.

I ordered the veggie cheesesteak since I recently went plant based. My husband ordered the beef cheesesteak with cheese whiz.  We were both happy with our orders and can say that we experienced the Philly cheesesteak, although some may argue that my veggie experience was not a real one. Lol.
You can't go to Philly and not have a philly cheesesteak... That's ridiculous. We were lucky enough to come at a time where it was not super busy - came on a weekend during early dinner time. 

You order at the counter and then you pick up your food. We ordered two of the loaded cheesesteaks, one with pepper jack cheese and the other with Cheese Wiz. I would recommend for you to go with Cheese Wiz if you want something that's super cheesy and to go with pepper jack cheese if you want a more classic version. I wish that there was a bit more cheese on both of the sandwiches, but both were still really good! It wasn't as greasy as I had expected and there was plenty of meat and fillings inside of the sandwich. I really liked their bread, it paired well with the meat and cheeses. 

Service was friendly and prompt. There is not ample seating so maybe try coming during odd hours if you want to sit down and eat. There's also a 5% discount if you pay in cash, but they do take card payments.
Biting into one of Sonny's Philly cheese steaks and I could of sworn I heard "heaven is a place on earth with youuu" in the back ground !! One sentence will tell you as it is: IF YOU ARE IN PHILLY, COME HERE! Seriously delicious steak and going to Philly, you have to try it with the traditional stable, cheese wiz!! I honestly was not sure about getting it ! The rest of my family didn't get cheese wiz except my boyfriend and I but the nice lady who took my order highly recommend it ! And let's just say our sandwiches destroyed my families. 
Didn't get a picture of mine but I did get one of my boyfriends ! Mine was filled with mushrooms, peppers and onions which I specially recommend!
I can't begin to rave enough about the food here in Philly! We ended up finding this yummy cheesesteak gem of a place and I was bummed I didn't get to eat here daily! The ribeye steak is tender and flavorful, the roll soft, that mild cheddar cheese and red onions wit, paired w/ some of the yummiest fries ever! Can't wait to sink my teeth into this again soon!
This is a convenient place in Philly for great beefsteaks! I particularly like that they are open late at night. On our last visit I had a cheese steak with the works! It was delicious, fresh and well made...The sandwich has a fair size so I saved 1/2 for next day lunch.
Gooey cheez whiz, onions, mushrooms w sweet peppers. Yep, the Works. Crispy thin fries w 'Wiz. Walked across street to dog park, watch puppies play where Franklin walked in front of a ancient colonial building. Made everything taste better.  Close to the river and museums. Go ring big liberty for me.....

5-Wiz, cheese steak w everything
5-fries w 'Wiz
4-small, little sitting area but very clean
5-line moved fast. 
5-service (she called me honey when I paid)

I'll be back!  Enjoy.
Sonny's is without a doubt a top ten Philly cheesesteak - no question. I have it ranked as my number seven, and it might dip one or two places when I try the highly regarded John's Roast Pork and Angelo's steaks, but it certainly has the qualities of a top-notch steak. 

The roll was an immediate standout. A great Philly cheesesteak, in my opinion, is defined by its roll. The roll embraces the juiciness of the meat, without making the bread too soggy, and Sonny's steak did exactly that. The meat was nicely sliced and held the flavors wonderfully. I won't say it's the best tasting meat on the market, but it's better than most. The provolone was also thick and tasty - a little bit too packed to the side for my liking, but still another strong facet to the sandwich.  

I picked up the steaks for my grandfather and I, and after a bad experience doing takeout from Max's, I was hesitant on how the warmth and tenderness of the steak would hold up during the car ride home. Unlike Max's, Sonny's steak was able to withstand the brief journey, and retain most of the heat packed within the wrapping. 

My grandfather doesn't venture out to many other steak shops around the city, and even he had great things to say about Sonny's. With all your options down in Old City, Sonny's Famous is the place to go, and you won't be disappointed.
For a quick bite to eat around the neighborhood it's definitely the spot! They've got different types of flavor cheesesteaks! I wouldn't mind coming back without covid and experience other types of subs! Service is quick and in point! Love the classic feel when you walk in! Quality of food is definitely worth a second visit!
Must go when in philly!
Stopped by in the midst of COVID for takeout.

The cashier guy was extremely nice and order was fast. Felt they were careful and trying their best with sanitation and quick service!
I'm kinda sad...  :(  while in philadelphia i only ate at one cheesesteak place, and it was sonny's.  don't get me wrong, there's nothing wrong with the food.  it was pretty good, but i wanted to check out more places that specialize in the infamous cheesesteaks.  

i think we got the classic.  which is a cheesesteak with cheese whiz.  it took about 5-7 mins for it to cook, and when we got it, it was smaller than i imagined.  which is ok for me, cuz that allows me to try more items on my trip.  however, i wished they used more cheese.  i guess i should've asked them for extra cheesewhiz.  i for one like fake cheese, (think nacho cheese) and for my first real cheesesteak, sonny's was good enough for me!
What an awesome sandwich! 

 I followed Yelp's reccomendations and we headed to Sonny's, which is a mere 3 blocks from the Liberty Bell. I ordered the classis:  a cheesesteak: grizzled rib-eye steak with onions and sweet peppers.  The friendly guy at the counter told me a 'real' Philly cheesesteak is with the "whiz" and that was good enough for me. It was disgustingly delicious.  Salty, golden goo dripping off mounds of tasty meat. I even dipped my French fries in it.  ( the shoe string fries were excellent btw: nuclear hot and crispy).  
    I bet Ben & George would have loved these tasty, steak sandwiches!
Menu only has about 4 options so its not a hard choice and the cheesesteak was the best I have had so far.
We tried the others down the street and this one here is hard to beat.

Visiting this place during a hockey tournament doesn't give us much time to try a real live Philly Cheesesteak.  So who do we ask for advice?  The locals of course.  The famous places up the street make a decent cheesesteak on South Street but Sonny's beats them hands down.

Others complain about the wait but I noticed that they made each cheesesteak as it was ordered.  No mass production of steak which is then piled off to the side to wait for the next order.  They also placed a metal lid over the steak while it was cooking to keep some of the moisture (or was that grease) from escaping.  The meat was definitely moist and not dry like down the street.  The bread was soft and chewy.  You can't go wrong with American cheese but I thought the cheese wiz was pretty good too.  We liked Sonny's so much that we ordered two to go for the plane ride back home.  The nice lady double wrapped our precious cargo for the trip.  Now I'm spoiled with Sonny's and will look at the cheese steaks out  west as 3 stars, maybe.
A 6 hour layover in Philadelphia. Tourist hot stops hit. Yelp consulted. Our last stop... Sonny's for a Philly cheesesteak sandwich before heading back to the airport.

We arrived as expected the queue was out of the door. However, I didn't mind, the great playlist blasting out of the kitchen and the fab decor kept me entertained whilst waiting. That and checking out what everyone else was eating.

After surveying the menus up high on the wall (pretty simple options, to the point but delicious sounding), I opted for my sandwich the way Sonny has his, apparently. Cheesesteak, with fried onions and cheesey wizz as my cheese preference. To go.. We have a flight to catch.

The staff were friendly and chatty, quick but not so much so that you're being moved on before you've had time to put your change in your purse (or in the tip box!).

We decided to shared a sandwich after seeing the size of them, UK tourists eating US sizes, oh yeeeh.

It cost 9 bucks and was plenty for both of us to have a taster of what Philly/Sonny's has to offer.

We posed for a photo outside and unwrapped and ate as we took the walking option from 2nd street to the train station on 30th street. 

Sandwich in hand we scoffed our hot delicious steak and cheese, delighted to have made time to go there.

The steak was really nicely cooked and there was plenty of it shoved inside a nice soft sub. I wasn't overly keen on the squeezey cheese and I prefer my fried onions a little more cooked, but the overall experience was a good one.

Looking for a good Philly cheesesteak, I think this is your place!
With Tony Luke's Cheesesteak being my only other point of reference locally--I thought I'd give someone else a try in my tourist trek. Their Cheesesteak isn't bad, but I can't say I'll be back. I'd try someone else or go back to Tony Luke's. Well, I"ll definitely go back to Tony Luke's. The place itself, however, is nice with friendly service.

I thought the Cheesesteak had a weird after-taste. The fries too. It's kind of fishy. Very weird. Very not appreciated. And the bread is all wrong. It's just bread. And it had that runny thing going, (not the bread--the steak) which doesn't make it better. Like I said. It's not bad I guess. If you like fish, but If your a tourist like me looking for wow-factor--you could probably skip this place. 

Oh yeah. Cash only!
Got my first authentic cheesesteak here! I ordered their Classic, which is the basic cheesesteak with grilled onions and the traditional CheeseWhiz. If you're like me and you're thinking Cheese Whiz is absolutely gross, you'll be pleasantly surprised. 

We had heard of a bunch of places to go to , but landed on this one because it's just outside of downtown and near our hotel. 

The sandwich was truly tasty. Don't be grossed out by the thought of Cheese Whiz. The onions add a perfect seasoning, although they were kind of skimpy on the portion of onions. The meat is nice and lean. The sandwich itself is a pretty good size; I had some left over for the next day. 

Service is decent. I think they're expecting tourists. They also have nice sidewalk seating, which was great on a summer eve. 

Note that this place specializes in cheesesteaks, not burgers, and while they serve burgers they don't appear to serve them all day. We arrived in the evening, about half hour before closing, and they had stopped serving burgers. 

All in all, good stuff! Glad I had my first cheesesteak at this spot!
It's mandatory to get a Philly cheesesteak when in the city of William Penn and Benjamin Franklin.  I see why they were stocky fellows, probably ate stuff like these all the time!

Perhaps the cheesesteak wasn't invented during then but you have to get one when you're in Philadelphia.  After leaving Mac's Tavern, my drunken munchie mouth called for eats and this place was right next door.  Plus it was open late which is even better.

The people were nice; probably because I knew how to order and it was simple:  cheesesteak with onions, cheese whiz.  After getting the sandwich I started eating it and savoring the first bite.  Great bread (soft but not soggy after unwrapped), meat and onions good ratio.  It was yummy although I asked if this was the best.  I don't think it was but it was pretty damn good.  Maybe I'm not a cheese whiz type, I love my provolone after all but doesn't hurt to try traditional.

After eating half, I gave the rest to my friend since I was getting full and did not want to get the zzzzz's on the train.  So it will definitely fill you up and for $9 & some change, that's not a bad deal for an iconic artwork of a sandwich.

I'd put this as a nice spot to get a cheesesteak.  After hearing reviews of the tourist spots (Pats & Genos), im glad I lost my Philly cheesesteak virginity to Sonny's!
I didn't want to make the same mistake as I did the last two times I visited Philly - which was go to Geno's and Pat's, so a quick Yelp search for a good cheesesteak gave me Sonny's. This was my first order of business once we arrived in Philly. I thought it would be a quick run, but there was a line out the door on a Saturday at around 3 pm. I waited about 25 minutes before I finally ordered, but the food came out within 5 minutes. I had the original philly, and my BF had the pizza steak (with marinara and mozzarella). We brought it back to the hotel so it was a little cold by the time we ate it, but even so, it was still pretty damn good. I didn't really care for the pizza steak, but I loved mine.

Solid option for a Philly cheesesteak!
This was a an amazing spot in the midst of a very happening area! My friends and I were very hungry and were craving a "philly cheesesteak". I think we almost hit the jackpot! 

I ordered a cheesesteak ($9.00) with swiss cheese. It was flavorful, but the meat was a little dry, so I asked for mayo on the side. It was a huge serving, that was definitely shareable. 

The restaurant looks small from the outside, but once inside, it is large, with plenty of seating. It is definitely not easy to find parking near the restaurant, so we had to Uber.
Sooo I was in PHL just for a night mid month and obviously had to try a cheesesteak. Problem is that there are soooo many and soo many that are "great", "famous", "the best", "authentic"...whatever. I opted to go with Sonny's because of the reviews and location. 

I arrived, behind a group of teenagers. The good thing is the staff at Sonny's moved the line quickly by asking the kids to have their selection ready when they approached the counter to order. I went with a co worker. We couldn't decide if we wanted our sandwich with Wiz or Provolone. Well, we ordered one of each and sampled both. I loved the Wiz & oddly enough she enjoyed the other. I admit, I was hesitant when ordering the Wiz because I could only envision that old aerosol can from the grocery store shelf. (I know..I know)
We both ate all except a few bites and took what was left with us. I popped the leftover piece in the oven for a bit the following day and I must say, it was pretty good. Next time I think I would ask for extra cheese...maybe..what can I say, I love cheese. I will be back!!
As a Cheesesteak enthusiast, Sonny's is my second best Cheesesteak.  I have had a total of ten types of cheesesteaks and Sonny's was one of the best. Basically had to try this one because my idol, Adam Richman, ranked this one as his number one place. I would say this one is REALLY close to my no.1 place to have a cheesesteak. I chose Steve's as my no.1 but seriously you CANNOT go wrong with this place. 
   I took a bunch of my teacher friends to try this famous place. Luckily it was right next to the Irish Pub row so those who didn't want a cheesesteak could have a beer and pub food while we went to Sonnys. Line was not crazy but a little long with tourist standing in the front not knowing what the heck they wanted. So irritating but I have to give it to the workers, they were VERY friendly and helpful despite having to listen to, "OMG, should I get it will provalone or Mushrooms...maybe bell pepper?.." arrggh! With a smile the staff helped each cosumer calmly and courteously. Amazing! 
   I'm a stickler for the classic, "whiz wit" or as they call it, the Sonny Classic. The sandwich here is perfect. The Bread was just right, not to airy or chewy. Just the right amount of density. The cheese whiz and onion ratio was perfect. They pile it on and balance it well with the steak. The steak was a better, juicer quality than most of the places I went to. It was sliced thin like good shabu shabu meat in Hawaii. Cooked perfectly and not dry. I loved it. I guess for those in Hawaii that like Yakiniku and shabu shabu, Sonnys is like shabu meat and Steves is more like Yakiniku meat. Both great but in the end I think it would come down to your preference. 
   I love this place, not just for the food but the service was great and quick and I wasn't treated like a no name tourist. Highly recommended.
I drive to Philly every few months for a cheese steak run from NYC. This time, it was a group of 10 with me wanting to try the experience.
I decided to stay clear from the usual Pat's and Gino's, to give us all a new place to review.
Line was short, which is good. Place was clean, staff was friendly and the menu is alot more robust than other places.
I ordered a whiz without and I was very pleased. The bread was soft, and the meat was very flavorful and moist. It sandwich didn't have tons of whiz, but it didn't need it. 
I loved the shoe string cheese fries as well.
Only thing I wish they had was alfresco seating. It was such a beautiful day out. 
Will be coming again
Also on Alan Richman's list of 10 Best Cheesesteaks in Philadelphia, I stopped into Sonny's toward the end of my trip. Ironically, it's a few doors down from Campo's (which I didn't actually get to try). Very soft rolls, big savory coarsely chopped juicy (not oily) beef, Whiz with. Great balance of cheese/meat/onion/roll. Didn't have a chance to return, but it was quite a satisfying meal.
I came here to try some good Philly cheesesteak! I came with my boyfriend and this place was packed! The lady at the cash register was nice but seemed a little overwhelmed. There were just so many people and basically only one cashier. They need at least 2-3 cashiers to help. Poor lady was overwhelmed! The place was clean and our Philly cheesesteak was so good! It was a nice meal while visiting Philly.
Walking around Old City, I was by Campo's Deli and noticed Sonny's Famous Steaks. I figured what the heck and decided to try my luck in finding a decent Philly-based cheese steak. As with most other steak joints in Philly, head on in and give your order and they'll make it for you right on the flat top. Quick and easy service. Just a FYI though - there is a $9.99 credit card minimum - somewhat annoying.

Can't fault Sonny's for using Amoroso's rolls for their cheese steaks though - fresh and delivered daily, these are great.

Cheese Steak ($8.37 including tax)
Wit' onions, provolone

Sonny's fresh sliced rib-eye is succulent and juicy. The onions had some bite to them but were so sparse in the cheese steak that I could barely find them. The provolone was perfectly melted, but as you can see - it wasn't interspersed throughout the dish, so it tends to stick to the wrapper. I definitely prefer my cheese enveloped within the meat or placed beneath the meat. It's the little things ...

The meat could have been seasoned (not sure if any salt or pepper was used on the flat top), but overall, this cheese steak was one of the better ones I've had in Philly. Still - not on the level of Philly's Best.
While this was not my first time in Philadelphia, it was my first time as an adult, and I knew I had to do the somewhat touristy thing and ask where I could get the best cheese steak. I heard several repeating places, but Sonny's stood out amongst the rest. 

We got to Sonny's and I have to admit it did not look appealing, but the food here was great. I got a cheese steak and a drink which was unfortunately slightly expensive ($12) but the cheese steak was well worth it. Good meat, decent amount of cheese, and soft bread.

Would have to compare it to others to see if it's the absolute best, but it's definitely worth going and trying.
GOOD MEAT. I've only had the cheesesteak here but they have good steak. The sandwich isn't ovewhelmingly humongous so that's nice. And the staff is awesome. This is the place I always suggest to visitors. Cash only though.
I came here about two weeks ago after having gone to a wizard con. I enjoyed the philly that I had that day the sandwich was really good and filling. Definitely a place to go eat if you need a quick bite that is going to be filling. Also not to mention the integrity of the owner of this place is 5 out 5. It's nice to know that there are still people who care enough to go the extra mile and do good to others. I left a bag there by mistake and he found it for me and when I told him I'm from NYC and couldn't go back to get it because I was on the train already he took his time the next day to ship my bag back to me and despite my attempts to pay for shipping he insisted on paying for it and I received my bag in a matter of days with all its contents in it. I couldn't be more happier! The owner of Sonny's is A++ in my book. I enjoyed the food the place was clean the only reason I can't give the place 5 stars was because of the customer service the lead cashier had with me and others that day was horrible. The food is already great if they take their time to find the right person to interact with customers at the front cash register I would say 5 stars out of 5. But because it's lacking in good people skills at the front I couldn't give it a 5. But if that doesn't bother you then Sonny's is the place to go! Good food!!
After the disappointing experience I had at Tony Luke's my first time coming through this city, Philadelphia has now redeemed itself in the form of Sonny's.  I'm not sure where we got the recommendation for Sonny's, but from what I've gathered, their cheesesteak is what the locals eat.  Forget what Travel Channel or Food Network tries to shovel down your throat.

I'm not familiar with the layout of Philly, but Sonny's seemed to be in some central, fairly busy area nestled in a bosum of parks and historical buildings.  The service was fast and friendly, blah, blah, blah, but let's get down to the cheesesteak, the only reason you're reading this.  There are hundreds of ways to customize your sandwich, but I went with the ribeye with bleu cheese and grilled onions, served on a fresh, still-steaming roll.  Un-effing-believable.  That's all I can say.

Back in the early 90s, Philly natives Boyz II Men came out with "I'll Make Love To You."  That wasn't about no woman.  That song was written for this sandwich.
Sonny's slogan is "Philadelphia, the city of brotherly and cheesesteaks" appropriately. The hubby and I love cheesesteaks, so when we found ourselves a mere 15 minutes outside of Philly on a Saturday morning, we knew we had to drive in for lunch.
After a quick search of Yelp, we decided on Sonny's. 

Totally. Worth. It.

The cons: apparently there is a perpetual line and only ten or so tables in the entire place.
The pros: absolutely every thing else.
The food was delicious and the portions were huge. (We could have easily shared one sandwich and fries). You can pick your meat, pick your cheese and pick your toppings. The hubby got a beef cheesesteak with lettuce and fries; I got a chicken deluxe cheesesteak with fries. They have Coke products (score one for this southern belle!). Despite the long and never ending line, they were very friendly and no one behind the counter seemed stressed. The food came out quickly and I scored a table before my food was even ready.

Pro tip #1: Pay cash for a 5% discount
Pro tip #2: Apple Maps will NOT get you here correctly. Use google maps instead!
Pro tip #3: Sonny's is a mere steps from the Liberty Bell, Liberty Hall and the Ben Franklin Museum, so why not have a little history with your lunch?
Delicious cheesesteaks! I had the classic which is the beef steak, cheese wiz, and fried onions. I also got French fries and a drink. The cheesesteak is a decent size. The only thing I wished was that the cheese wiz was mixed throughout the sandwich instead of just on top. The help was friendly. I liked that the sodas are unlimited refills, which I was surprised to see in the city. They offer a 5% discount if you pay in cash.
Okay so I know I wrote a review about Steve's Prince of Steaks being my absolute favorite cheesesteak in Philly but then I went into Sonny's ordered the classic fried onion, whiz from the nicest lady every and BAM my mind has changed. The steak was moist oh so damn moist and the fried onions caramelized and tender, so sweet and the cheese whiz so gooey and ooeey and cheesy and when you put all that on the perfect bread goddamn its that moment in your life where you're like I could die happy. I would tell you about the overall look of this place but I really can't remember a damn thing but that delicious cheesesteak I devoured! Get here QUICK! I love that they're so friendly and you don't have to put up with the Geno's and Pat's BS, you don't have to be a professional to order your cheesesteaks here, you can be a newbie and it'll be equally as pleasant. Love this place!
One of the best cheesesteaks I've had in my life!! This was my first time at Sonny's and man was I impressed. I went with the regular philly cheesesteak (with lettuce, tomatoes, and onions) and a side of fries. Eating that in the dead of winter warms you up and hits the spot! Since I went during COVID times, I had to order on the phone and wait for pick up. It had quite a crowd even at 2pm on a Saturday! I could definitely see this becoming my go to spot whenever I'm in town.
In Philadelphia working and Genos had a bad review so I went to Sammy's. The staff here was so super nice. My cheesesteak hit the spot! It was delicious! Can't go to Philly without having one!
I checked out this place because I was planning on stopping by Old City and a friend suggested grabbing cheesesteaks. 

The cheesesteaks themselves are a little pricey, depending on what type you get and the toppings--the regular cheesesteak is $9.
I got the cheesteak with onions and pepper jack cheese and we also got the cheese fries with bacon & jalapeño (i think it was a special?) $6. These were amazing!!
Overall, the cheesesteak here was pretty good. I love the fact that there was a variety of toppings you can add to it but I must say the cheese whiz was a little disappointing. There just wasn't enough cheese to keep the entire sandwich together. 

Another thing I have to point out is that the cashier who was there that day were dumping onion rings into the fryer right after she handled money... To me, that's just a big no-no. Hopefully this place can find a solution to that problem right away, because it's actually a decent place to go to.
Yes, yes, and yes.
I nearly busted a non-existing nut trying to find this place, but I'm so glad I didn't give up. Riding with a tour bus, we don't have much flexibility with food because the agencies are usually contracted with shitty places to make commission. This time, we had two hours to see the Liberty Bell and Independence Hall and grab lunch. This was my chance, I refused to eat in another food court. My homie, Yelp, told me Sonny's was the bomb and only 0.2 miles away. My now ex-friend, Google Maps, screwed me over. GM took me in the biggest circle ever. But I digress.

Ordered what Sonny told me to. "Cheese Steak with Cheese Whiz and Fried Onions"($9.00) and fries and a drink ($4.00). The lady at the cash register made the environment so much better. She called everyone "Sweetie" and "Baby" and made the other foreign customers really happy.

The Cheese Steak was pretty amazing. I have only had Cheese Whiz once in my entire life; in elementary school and I was not fond of it at all. But in this sandwich, it just made so much sense. If you are ever in the area, this is the place to go.
They should really be called the Not so Famous steaks, since there is absolutely nothing worth bragging about here. Fresh but bland ingredients only slightly improved by the friendly and polite service. 

I've had enough Philly steaks to know which one deserves praise. This one is just right in the middle. If you're on that hunt for the best in philly, you won't miss anything by skipping this place. They are the complete embodiment of average.
Sonny's is my go to spot when I'm hungry late at night and it's the weekend.  I usually get the 'classic' which is a cheesesteak with wiz and fried onions-and then I add mushrooms.  Delicious.  Add some cheese fries if you're up for some artery clogging goodness.

I know it seems silly to say, but they serve up some of the best chicken fingers around.  I'm not sure what makes them so good, but they are damn tasty.

There is usually a line on weekends, but the wait time is minimal and the staff provides service in a no-nonsense manner-which is definitely needed after the bars let out.
A friend names Sonny's as one of the best steaks in the city.  I was't overly-impressed. The cheese fries are made with Cheez Whiz, which I don't like.  But at 11PM after a LONG workday, they tasted delicious!

But the staff are super-cool and treated us well when we worked across the street. Visit twice and they'll remember your order.  For that, they win four stars.
I haven't tried enough cheesesteaks to compare but I will say the ones here are GREAT. Just a dynamite combo of the cheese and flavored meat (I did just those too, no onions/peppers, I split it with someone who doesn't like those and it was still amazing.)

The line was to the door when I went but moved pretty quickly. I know based on the size of the store they can only have so much seating, but it was full most of the time too. I luckily grabbed a seat when I saw one as other people have, and then I spent a little time just holding the seat but without much other choice. It's a tight squeeze.

Anyway, seating aside, the sandwich is tasty and very filling. Maybe other variations are good too, but the original is so solid, it's a must try. If you can take it to go, even better.
When in Philly. Do as the Philadelphians do! Get a Philly Cheesesteak! Yum  :P

I had no clue where to go to get a Cheese Steak. All I knew, was that it was a must. It's one of the many things Philadelphia is known for and since I was visiting, I had to get one. 

I ended up asking a local and was advised Sonny's was the place to go and the prices were very reasonable, considering its close proximity to Philly's historical area, Independence Hall, Liberty Bell Center, etc. The prices could have been touristy. Sonny's is only 3-4 blocks away, from the main historical sites and it's an easy walk.

Parking and crowding wasn't an issue since, I had parked in the historical area and was visiting on a Monday. 

I found the cheesesteak to be warm, soft, rich in flavor, budget friendly and just overall deeeelicious! It was a good way to top off my visit.
I like Sonny's Steaks overall! Forget what you heard about Pat''s and Geno's. If you are in Old City, Sonny's is the place for steaks! I like the cheese steak at Sonny's because they do not drain the meat as much and those wonderful juices create a nice gravy when the whiz is added. I am a huge fan of Sonny's Steaks!!
