I LOVE South Street Bridge! It's my go-to for getting from South Philly (through Grad Hospital) onto 76 without a hassle! It's an easy gateway to University City also. I have never run into traffic on it headed that way, but there's usually some headed the other way during rush hour at night. Nothing too crazy however. 

The best part about the bridge is by far its stunning views of the city skyline. Not only do you see the city, but depending on the time of day you'll see it reflected in the water also! 

The sunsets seen from SSB are remarkable and make me crave taking a walk on it which I have to do one of these days!! Sitting at one light isn't enough time for me to capture the views the way I would like. 

Whether you drive, walk or bike here during a sunset or a maybe after dark and catch a glimpse when the city is all lit up, I'm sure you'll think it's just gorgeous.

The views are currently especially gorgeous with the frozen water below!! 

If your route gives you the option to hop on, I would always say it's a safe bet. Go for it.
Cleaned up, renovated and looking good!  With everything changing in this fine city I am happy to see this is one of the areas they concentrated on. 

Great spot to enjoy a walk , great access points  with the on/off ramps leading into the city. There is even   a more fluid pace with public transportation and so forth, I am not sure if people remember that debacle from the past. 

Great way to get right onto South Street  from the university side of it where you can  dive right into that multicultural scene. 

I approve.
It's not the greatest to bike over, but it's certainly an easy (if circuitous) way to get to Center City.  Maybe I've been lucky, but I feel less claustrophobic on the South Street Bridge than I do on Chestnut Street.  Traffic also moves at a steadier pace, making the ride less harried.

It's nice to walk across, too - the walkways seem to be popular targets for bored artsy types, giving you plenty of interesting graffiti to admire.
One of my favorite bridge walks to do in all of Philadelphia! you can't go wrong with any thing that provides easy connection from South Street to the University City part of West Philly.

It might be cracked cement and rusty beams for the bulk of it. but it also makes for a fairly scenic walk or bike ride on most nights. It also makes for a good go to spot when you really need to hop onto the Orange Line trolley in a bind. Colin is also right about the random views that it provides .
It's back and better than ever. It's flatter, it's wider (bad qualities in a person, but in a bridge it's seriously awesome). The bike lanes are regulation width. 

And it got completed ahead of time and on budget. Can you say awesome? seriously Philly, you finally did something awesome!

This is a complete game changer for driving to West Philly and points further West, and I'm psyched about it. You have been missed South Street bridge, and now your back, and you're better than ever!

Keep up the good work philly!
I've driven on this bridge several times when I come into the city but my first time walking on this bridge was on 7/23/16. I read that they were doing repairs on this bridge and now that they have finished, it looks really nice. You get a good view of the city skyline.
Word on the street is that this bridge will soon be closed for well over a year.  Instead of constructing the bridge off-site to cut down on the length of time a major thoroughfare will be closed, it will happen in the typical Philadelphian way: the slowest and most irritating.

Despite that, this bridge is definitely in dire need of a major facelift - I'm not too keen on feeling like I'm going to fall in to the dirty depths of the Schuykill every time I ride over it.  

Three stars for the view, though.  It's gorgeous.
The view from this bridge is amazing. You can see Center City perfectly at nighttime.
Aannd that's pretty much the only reason that I like it.
This bridge is a mess. It is a nightmare to bike over - imagine hand sized potholes covering the whole bridge. Colin pretty much got it right - imagine biking over a large, very hard waffle (on new rims, nonetheless).  It's very narrow, so I always have "Oh my god, this car is going to hit me and I'm going to die" moments whenever I cross it. 
If you're driving, take the South Street bridge - great view, not too much traffic. If you're biking, stick with Chestnut Street or Market Street.
Without a doubt, one of my favorite views of the city! I've brought people here at night for the lit up skyline view, but also during the day. It's always a hit, plus it shows you know your Philly skyline viewing points!!

Once you finish taking in the sights, take a walk down the river boardwalk. Also a great "Philly" thing to do :)
Oh, bridge!

Though it pains me to say this, I think its time we called it quits. We had a good run, didn't we? You were so easy, so useful. All it took was 15 minutes! I've never had that before.  But then you started breaking down, and we knew it was time. You had to go.

What a view! The Philadelphia skyline on one side, and somewhere in the rust belt on the other.  You have come to symbolize what I think about much of Philly: overburdened infrastructure.  When you first emerged on the bridge scene, you were indisputably beautiful. Now, your 80+ years weigh heavily don't they? 

So in short: Thanks for all you've done. But don't think I won't look around for another....
South Street Bridge is a very good bridge.  I always feel confident whenever I walk or ride my bike across it.  From a layperson's perspective, it feels structurally sound as I'm never worried that it'll crumble and drop me into the Schuylkill.

The bike lane is great -- especially after being painted a highly visible bright green -- it's the best way to get between University City & Center City on bicycle.

The multi-coloured lights at night are quite pretty also.

Solid, bicycle-friendly and pretty lights at night. What more could you want from a New World bridge?
What's not to love about the newly renovated icon of Philadelphia? 

It's a beautiful transition from UPenn's campus in West Philly straight into the southern side of Center City... aka South Street. 

I can't wait until they open the steps down to the under-construction extension of the Schuylkill River Trail! Sunny Sunday runs - here I come!
I walk over this bridge everyday, and this bridge provides one of the most beautiful views of the Philadelphia skyline ! Not only can you see the skyscrapers, but you also get a great view of the city reflected onto the river at night along with the view of the running/walking trail. When it's windy, it definitely is a struggle to get across, but on a sunny and clear day, it's absolutely beautiful.
The South Street Bridge literally connects two parts of my life - my law school days in West Philly, and my early professional life living at 26th and Delancy. The distance from 48th and Baltimore and my first home purchase may have been less than a mile distance, but the existential shift was immeasurable.  Regardless of on which side of the river I resided, the South Street Bridge stood as the connection between past and present, student and worker, freebird and taxpayer,  dreamer and doer. 

So, when I return to the area for any reason, I feel compelled to reflect upon the passages in my life.  I drive by the old townhouse in Center City and consider my great fortune in being able to buy a home across the street from a warehouse and brownfield that soon became a beautiful park.  I cruise into West Philly to see what's new on campus on my way to the outer reaches of Balto Ave., and see how much better everything is now.  Even the Bridge itself has been renovated, and is no longer the rusty derelict I walked across so many times.  Like many things in life, its better days are now.  Hopefully, that is an indication of what lies ahead for all of us.  

There are times when the span may have saved my life after leaving a great concert at Irvine Auditorium, and running into some folks who did not take kindly to the company I kept.  There were other times that it offered warm greetings to a returning prodigal son after too long away from the cozy confines of my piece of West Philly. And, yes, there were times it felt like a prison gate or pirate ship plank I had to walk while suffering the anxieties of final exams, or broken hearts. 

I have said elsewhere that bridges hold a special significance for me. The South Street Bridge is one of the inner sanctum of spans between one life and another that enables me to feel life intensely as a continual passage on the roads (and bridges) of life.
The bridge is currently closed. It used to rain concrete chunks onto I-76 below... let me say it was a challenge to drive there :P

They are rebuilding it and a pedestrian walkway to connect Penn to the city across South Street.
I'm glad the city finally dedicated the money and resources to rebuild this bridge.  I thought it would sooner fall into the river then be rebuilt.  I walkever over the bridge twice a day and it was a bit scary with all the holes and bridge swaying side to side.  I cant wait to see the final results.
As one of the designers of this $68 millions bridge, I'm so glad that it received nice reviews. The project took many years from preliminary engineering to final design, and finally got built. Community involvement was very significant and plays a big role in shaping the bridge. The consulting firm is Gannett Fleming, Inc, headquartered in Harrisburg, PA.
Rent a bike and make the climb up the hill. It's worth it. Amazing views of city! Loved the bike/walk trail below the bridge as well - it connects to some parks and the Rocky Steps!
Spectacular views of the city. Great workout. And, for me, the most important, overall safety. I walk on south bridge and take it to water works/museum area. The sidewalks are wide for all; really recommend!
