South Street is super cool! If you visit Philly, this is one place you must definitely check out. The street seems to go on forever and there are a multitude of indie stores, bars, clothing stores, and food spots.
My boyfriend and I ended up here to visit a specific store in general, then after ended up exploring more. Spend like an hour here wandering, it's worth it.
There are some great little gems tucked away in this part of town.
The Clay Studio, The Wood Turning Studio - there's a bunch of artsy studios, a few BYOs scattered about and yes, tha Park-o-minium and other parking facilities.

Easy walk to Old(e) City - let's not start THAT debate again,  (Whether or not Old City has an "e" on the end of Old.  What ehvs.

Anyhow, I like this area just fine.
Let me begin this review with saying I am not a native Philadelphian. I live on the West Coast, but I have lots of family near Philly, so my mom and I come every couple years. We've been to Philadelphia quite a few times, but we have always seemed to miss this cute little neighborhood. Today, I got the pleasure of exploring this pocket of Philly enjoyed by tourists and natives alike.

South Street is coined the most hipster street in Philly, and I completely agree. It's filled with famous restaurants, cute stores, and beautiful art on every corner. The entire area is covered in murals and mosaics in every crevice, making it very unique. There's photo ops to take advantage of everywhere, and I could explore for hours. Also, it's home to the famous Philadelphia Magic Garden. I highly recommend checking South Street out on your next trip to the city, because it's a local gem. I'm disappointed I didn't see this underrated neighborhood on my previous trips to Philly, because I have absolutely fallen in love with its good vibes and one of a kind beauty. See you soon, South Street!
Another one of those old school Philly landmarks that I can't believe its taken me so long to drop a review on. Because whether its for its classic historic feel, the many interesting businesses that surround it, or the events that it brings; you have to give respect and credit when its due.

When it comes down to it Headhouse District has left its mark as a timeless Philly institution even longer than the South Street of today that most people have come to know today for better or worse. In fact maybe the only flaw to it is that when it comes down to it maybe it isn't used as much as it could be. While there's no way that it will ever be utilized on the scale that a spot like Rittenhouse Square is; even a smaller landmark like The Singing Fountain in East Passyunk manages to utilize its surrounding businesses and community on more of a frequent basis, bring more holiday cheer, and lay out more benches and tables for people to stop and relax in.

But when Headhouse District does deliver an event it always manages to be one that's on point. It easily has one of the best Farmers Markets throughout all of Philadelphia. And its yearly Greenfest Philly is an eco-friendly summer event that isn't to be missed. and it does have some other antique markets and such that can be worth checking out on other occasions.
I walk past the same three panhandlers on the way to work each morning and then again each evening returning home. Occasionally when weather is nice we see the homeless persons bathing in the fountain nearby--otherwise i have an okay view from my place.  Empty stores, more empty stores--so ghetto with paper or plywood coverings.  It's looking pretty shabby around 2nd street area.
