As a proud Philadelphian, you'll never catch me running up the Art Museum steps, or waiting in line at the Visitors Center for tickets to Independence Hall. Despite living in the area for most of my life, my knowledge of historical Philadelphia is still pretty slim. Still not willing to break down and join a 3rd grade field trip from Middle America, I decided I could at least enjoy my city under a cloak of darkness during the Spirits of '76 ghost tour. 
We met outside the Cosi on 4th and Chestnut and the tour guide gave us all glow sticks, kitschy but perhaps useful later that night in Old City? The tour led us throughout Old City, Society Hill and Washington Square park stopping at about 20 locations to tell us about ghost stories and spotting. It was actually pretty interesting. The guide gave a good sampling of tall tales along with historical lessons which I found quite enjoyable. An hour and fifteen minutes later, we were back in front of Cosi. 
Some side notes: I had a living social deal for this. At $17.50 a person normally, I think this tour is ridiculously priced. Let's call is an $8 tour. It is a walking tour so if it's bad weather, it is not worth your time. And you do not set foot in any of the locations. However, they are open for tours most days of the week, if you really want to get your fix. 
Overall, I learned some new stuff, saw houses/cemeteries I would never have discovered on my own, and got a good walk in on a lovely fall evening. I still don't think you'll see me pulling a Rocky anytime soon though.
Just to be clear here , Spirits of '76 Ghost Tour , is not a SCARY tour. Just a spooky 75-minute walking tour of haunted facts, folklore, and movie Sets. A one time type of a tour. 
Back in 2011, I had a friend visiting me from Cooperstown, who had never been to Philadelphia, this was a fun way to learn about the city.
In the middle of our tour, the sky opened up, and started pouring rain. The mother nature set the mood, PERFECTLY, for the ghost stories and haunted houses. So, be prepared for any swings in the weather; dress accordingly, and wear COMFORTABLE footwear. 
For out-of-towners: keep in mind that there is no hotel pickup and drop off. You can buy your ticket from their website, or from the meeting point stand at Cosi restaurant, right at the corner of Fourth and Chestnut. 
The tickets aren't cheap, so it won't hurt to keep an eye out on groupon or livingsocial, to score a cheaper deal. From what I remember, our tour guide was knowledgeable and so much fun. 
Also please note, this tour operates at night, and the ticket price won't cover any admission to any of the sites on the tour, or any gratuity (if you were pleased with your tour guide service, and wish to tip.)
Another downside was the big group. I prefer walking with a smaller group, to keep pace with everyone else.

Overall, it was an entertaining tour.

Three and half Yelps.
I review this with the caveat that I went because of a LivingSocial deal, which made the tickets roughly half off.  I'm not entirely sure it's worth the $17.50 they charge normally.

Pros:
- really great history lessons
- went to some sites I didn't know existed
- fun stories that have a "real" historical element
- some stories that are sort of creepy - the fact that there are thousands of bodies under Washington Square Park got to me

Cons:
- our tour guide was a little annoying and sarcastic, which took away from his stories
- we skipped out on some of the sites that are on the website.  I had been looking forward to the Edgar Allen Poe stuff, but he was never even mentioned.  It's understandable, because the tour covers a lot of ground, but then, it shouldn't be on their website.  We also did not hear about the prisoner who escaped from Eastern State, as was advertised.
- it's a group tour and there's always someone on a group who thinks it's his or her mission to be as annoying as possible.

All in all, it's a fun night, and you really can learn some interesting stories about Philadelphia that you can't get from a guide book.
Very displeased with the customer service from Leslie Bari.  I purchased tickets from living social in the summer expecting to use them closer to the Halloween season.  I am brand new to the area and thought the tour would be fun and informative.  Well Leslie says since my deal expired October 4th she cannot apply my already paid dollars to the new living social deal which is a $1 more than I paid.  I would gladly pay the difference but she seems to think ita fair business to charge an additional $18 for these tickets to be valid.  Not good business.  Sounds like the tour isn't so great anyway.  I would call their living social deal thievery.
Kate was our guide and my husband and I enjoyed the tour. We liked hearing the stories of Philadelphia that you don't hear on a normal tour. It was filled with historic facts and just the right mix of spooky stories. We liked it so much, we're interested in finding more tours like this along our honeymoon route. Oh, and we got glow sticks!!! :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :)
Michael was our guide for the night and he was exceptional. His enthusiasm and wit really carried through the entirety of the tour. It was my first time in Philly and it was a great way to see the city! Michael also gave our family an awesome cheesesteak recommendation, and it checked out! Five stars all the way!
