My wife and I walked to Spruce Street harbor before heading home just to walk some food off. I love how there's always something random going on at the harbor like the drumline and dancers that were in the main circle and the mini duck boat rides. We got some drinks from one of the outside bars and sat by the water. They have these new hammocks that pretty much hang ground level over the water, but I wasn't brave enough to lay on one. The little arcade inside the harbor was pretty fun with its retro games.  Definitely worth taking a walk down here in passing.
Ugh I am beyond obsessed. With a job that typically doesn't allow a lot of vacation time or the means for a tropical getaway, I'm not even mad that this park is my summer comparison because it's really that great. Now of course it would be wonderful to have an ocean breeze verse what's coming off the Delaware, but a quick nap in a hammock with some sweet tunes from the earbuds and you're good to go. Boyfriend and I went to the preview party on Thursday night to scope out the park after dark and it was a great time, a very relaxed atmosphere brightly fun lit park with friends, live music, and cocktails what more could you really want? But wait! Then I went back on Sunday morning around 9am, iced coffee and kindle in hand with no one around but a few other laziers and wow...it was exactly what I was looking for in a weekend morning. Serene, reasonable temperatures and no pesky bugs. The crowd picks up closer to the time that the floating barge docks open around 11am, but it's still a pretty small crowd and getting a hammock or a lounge chair on the hill by the Hyatt was easy peasy. I see myself spending quite a bit of time here picnicking, hammocking, and just plain old frolicking...I highly advise that you do the same.
One of the FINEST Philly summer experiences you can have!  Tourists and locals mingle together and everyone has a great time.  

PRO TIP- If you have a choice visit around sunset.  That way you can have a little taste of the daylight experience and marvel at the incredible lighting as it gets dark.

They have really upped their game on the FOOD this year.  You have Garces, Chifa, Franklin Fountain, FedNuts, Distrito and bunches more.  

It doesn't get much better than this for PEOPLE WATCHING!  You'll find every kind of folks enjoying the acres and acres of stuff.

Of course you're going to get thirsty and in need of an ADULT LIBATION so you head over to the beer garden or one of the other bars.  I think you'll be satisfied with the choices.

After tiring yourself out playing shuffleboard or one of the other GAMES you'll want to try one of the dozens of HAMMOCKS.  They are so popular that you need to let out your inner lion and be ready to pounce on your prey as soon as one becomes available.

BTW- Don't worry about the hours as this place is open until 1 am every day all summer long!

You're going to be taking lots of pics so charge your phone on a nice summer evening and get your butt down there!
Great place to relax and enjoy a warm summer day or evening.  It is an urban beach with a boardwalk along the Delaware River.  It is definitely a must do in Philly.  

I spent hours here during my recent visit to the city of brotherly love.  The park is packed with live music,  food trucks (try the lime shrimp tacos from El Distrito), vendors with interesting cocktails, and hammocks (yes, nothing better than drinking a strawberry daiquiri while resting on a hammock and overlooking the river.) It is also a good place for family;  there are fun events and games for children. 

It is so beautiful at night when all the colorful lights are lit up.  Obviously, it is super busy during the weekend nights.  Finding a table or a hammock is difficult during peak hours.  

5 stars.
Hubby read up about Spruce Street Harbor Park and we made our way there on a random afternoon. 

The harbor overlooks the river and is very beautiful. The harbor is not very large. It is lined with a few ships, snack shops and an arcade. It is a nice family area and has games and activities for little kids. 

On the day that we visited there were vendors selling small gifts. It is nice to see that local artists have a space to sell their merchandise. There's not a ton to do, for adults here, but not a bad place to take a stroll if nearby.
I'm not even mad at SSHP. It's a great idea and it brings a great element of making a pretty boring space lively. That's right. Penn's Landing is a waste of space and a total snoozefest unless  there's a concert or some event; but I digress. 

We were talking SSHP, so here you go Yelpers, your man Big Texas has sussed this thing out.

The good:
So nice to have something going on in that part of the city.
It's genuinely a carnival like atmosphere.
There's different ways to engage with the space, a bit of something for everyone.
You can read it in the other reviews...Hammocks, Adirondack chairs, beach chairs, beer garden seating, giant games (jenga and connect four).
THE LIVE MUSIC fills the air and it makes the whole experience better.

The challenging:
Parking is $20. Whatevs, not a huge deal, but 20 bucks is still 20 bucks. But it's really easy to park. 

*PRO TIP* drive a little ways past SSHP like to Walnut and access the surface parking for easy in/out. Avoid the Garages

Food is limited. The Garces stand is fine. The portions are small the prices are fair.

#allthepeople it's insanely crowded on the weekends. it's hard to get around.

*PRO TIP* Leave the quadruple wide baby stroller at home. carry them big ass kids or let them walk. If you must bring a stroller, for your own sanity, go with an umbrella stroller.

The vendors. Didn't see anything of real interest and it creates a huge bottle neck.

The bathrooms. There are portajohns (but the super nice ones with conditioned air and stuff). The problem is they are located pretty far away and the last thing you want to do when you get settled is fight your way through a sea of people just to drain the main vein.

*PRO TIP* There's a Hyatt or Hilton right there on Dock street. Walk in confidently take the elevator to the ballroom level (second floor) and there are first world restrooms. It's actually way closer to the beer garden than the SSHP restrooms.

The Beer Garden. Let's talk about the beer garden. It's lovely. It really is. It's just way too small. When it fills they hold a line and don't let anyone go in until people leave. Once you do manage to get the golden ticket, you have to fight for position if you want any prayer of getting a table. There's little in the way of shade in this part of the park, so get yourself an umbrella table and always wear sunscreen ;) Also, while the staff are plentiful, they don't police the joint and I could imagine a scenario where one might enjoy a cold can or three of their favorite india pale ale from out of their backpack. IJS

*PRO TIP* Resist the urge to make this a two person outing, unless you plan on not eating or drinking. You'll need a few people to hold your table while you wait in the unreasonably long line for beer. In the immortal words of Lil' Troy, "there's gotta be a better wayyyyyyyy". It's clumsily located by the exit and traffic is flowing against the line. If you're just there with your sweetie, it's going to take at least twenty minutes to return with food or beverage, so it's best suited for groups of four.

Alright...that's my fair and balanced review. I'll definitely be back. You should definitely go to Spruce Street Harbor Park. And oh, yeah, tell 'em Big Texas sent you.
If you have been to Philly, or live in Philly, and have not visited Spruce Harbor, you ARE missing out! 

This cute little park is family friendly, couple friendly, even animal friendly! There are multiple kiosks, where you can order whatever your heart desires, be it savory or sweet. You can get to it from walking down Penn's Landing, or entering directly from Delaware Ave. The vibe is amazing, be it day or night. In the day, you can enjoy the hammocks and the view. During the night, you can enjoy the same view, with the hammocks, and the colorful lights turned on. On Fridays, (maybe weekends), occasionally there is a DJ, and people dance and enjoy the weather and ambiance under the stars. This is a place you would not get bored from, after one visit. You can keep visiting all summer long if you want. It does open seasonally, so if you have not gotten the chance to see it, make sure you check when they have their opening and closing date.

Enjoy !
I'm obsessed. I've been on a neverending business trip for the last month during weekdays and this was the one thing I wanted to do this weekend, after seeing everyone's instagrams blowing up my usually food and yoga dominated feed. It did not disappoint.

Highly highly recommend checking it out!

PROS
+ Open every day until 1am.
+ HAMMOCKS. Although if couples don't stop canoodling in there, they will all be so low to the ground that your butt will touch the ground. Let's keep it 1 to a hammock shall we folks? I don't even get how that's comfortable.
+ Games! You can get bocce ball sets and there's shuffleboard and ping pong.
+ Rentable boats! including swan boats and dragon boats!
+ Just lots of room to hang, people watch, take pictures and remember why PHILLY IS THE BEST.

CONS
-Unfortunately lots of people have caught on to this place's awesomeness. Crowds and lines are an issue, although the beer line moved suprisingly fast.
-Food options are kinda limited- Garces has a shipping container dishing out burgers and fries and a cobb salad (?). The short rib fries were good ($8).
-Drink options are kinda limited too. $8 rum punch, $6 beers and they were out of some when we got there.
- What are we calling this place? The Park? The Harbor? Spruce Street Harbor Park doesn't exactly roll off the tongue and SSHP is a stupid acronym. Let's work on this.

I'LL BE BACK. MISS YOU ALREADY SSHP!
Oh summer,  

With winter chill a mere memory, and with long summar days on the horizon, we hunt for good hangout spots. Hunt no more! Spruce Street Harbor Park (DRWC) is back for its second year, bringing more fun, lazy days. 

Have you ever thought, parks could be super fun? Well, ponder this: " Insanely comfy" colorful hammocks, "entertaining" shuffleboards courts, "life-size" chess, kayaks and swan boats. Also,as the temperature heat up, DRWC will cool it down with music and night shows. 

Facts
- Starting May 22, 2015 through September 27, 2015, open until 1 AM, and 7 days a week!
-pet-friendly park! 
- It is free!
- THREE bars ;)  One everyday and the other two on Fridays and on the weekends.
-Philly beer garden ( 5-8pm, 5/22- 7/7/10.)
-Food options : Franklin Fountain Ice Cream, Port FedNuts, Chifa, Froman's, and Distrito Taco Truck. In addition to the typical boardwalk fare water ice and funnel cake.
- I'm telling you --- If you miss it last year, don't want to miss this summer. Take my word for it. 

Five hammocks...opppps
Five Yelps!
In theory, this whole thing would be really great.  The lights, the games, the hammocks, the food, the outdoor drinking, etc.  Really - I support all of this.  I truly do.  Maybe I'm just jaded.

But then reality sets in.  The reality that all this that is great in theory leaves out one major factor; it is not yours to enjoy in a vacuum.  There are other people here.  Those people affect the experience, like it or not.

Let's talk demographics; I'm in my late 20's, have a good job and make decent money.  I like to dress nice, enjoy nice places with nice people.  Quiet people, mostly.  I don't do VIP sections or cover charges or lines.  I don't do South Street or Old City at night.  I think it is a shame this city is known for it's cheesesteaks.

What does this have to do with the beautiful oasis I've been told about, primed by the Visit Philly PR machine to love?  And Garces slapped his name on it, I mean he's like a god amirite ladies?  I, like, totally LOVE tapas!

No no no...here's the real scene.  A couple scenarios...

Thought: "Hey, I want to lay in a peaceful hammock by the waterfront.  How relaxing!"
Reality: You can't find an open hammock as most are occupied by canoodling couples stretching the ropes so much they're maybe 2in off the ground.  If you can, and are cool laying in essentially a shared public bed in Philly, you probably can't see the water anyway.

Thought: "I want to play bocce! Or giant chess! Or air hockey! Or shuffleboard!  How fun!"
Reality: A 75lb 6 year old is eating sand in the bocce area, parents not to be found.  The shuffleboard courts are being used as a photoshoot stage for Asian tourists.  You realize you really don't know how to play chess anyway.

Thought: "Outdoor drinking and burgers!  I mean, I've seen this place on Foobooz or Uwishunu like a bazillion times so it HAS to be good!"
Reality: You have to wait in line to get to the area to get to the line to get to the shed that serves up food or drinks.  Like, there's a bouncer.  Then the area is still crowded and has nowhere to sit.  Then the food is kinda cold.  And the beer is kinda not.  But at least you're away from all the kids running around for a bit, I guess.

To summarize the design of the whole thing is great in theory.  Maybe I'm being negative, I just know I've been here 3 or 4 times thinking I had bad timing, wanting to love it.  But I've never stayed longer than 30 minutes, always been happy to leave.  It's a free event in Philly and attracts a certain crowd (think South Street at night, or Xfinity Live); lots of screaming kids, and the opposite of the relaxation you were likely looking for.  It sucks, but it's the reality of the city we live in.
What a great idea to develop a park next to water!! Tons of seating area with colorful beach chairs. There are also food & beverage vendors. Perfect place to sit back & relax, enjoy the view & the breeze. Great family outing spot!

This park is right on Penn's landing. If you are taking a ferry there, don't forget to check out this gorgeous park!!
One of the best things to happen to Philly summer nights (I've never been during the day).  The lights, the views, the trees, the eats and drinks, the water, the games, the hammocks are all reasons to visit SSHP this summer.  All the nights I've visited, the people I see are happy to be there and are usually in a good mood.  You'll see families walking together, groups of friends people watching, couples boo'ed up in the hammocks, just Philadelphians enjoying this great city of ours.  

So tonight instead of Netflix and wine (which I love by the way) head down to Columbus Blvd, fight to find parking, and enjoy a real dope night in the 2-1-5.
The Delaware River Waterfront Corporation is at it again. First, they brought us  incredible Winterfest with a winter lodge. And this summer, they opened Spruce Street Harbor Park. And it's even more amazing.

Their is food from Garces, beer, oversized chess, giant jenga, led lights in tree and flower lily pads on the river. It's all very magical. And this is be one of the best spots this summer, Be sure to check out it before it closes on August 31st.
I have been wanting to come here for years now and finally had my chance to go with my boo. We wandered around and explored basically to just check out whats going on. The second time i went, I ended up bringing my daughter, niece and daughters friend with my boo. There were things for my daughter who is 7 to do with her friend, while me and my older niece played the huge connect four game- with her beating me! 

There was big legos for kids to play with and build houses and things. There were also a set of swings and a bunch of hammocks to just sit and relax on, or like my daughter and her friend did, to push each other off and try to flip each other over. 

We strolled around and took in the beautiful sights of the Delaware river and the ships that were docking nearby. There are also some fountains and a bunch of chairs, picnic tables to sit at and just relax, eat and drink. 

This is my new favorite spot to go to when I am in this area.
I must say that I am a fan of Spruce Street Harbor Park and I have already been twice since it reopened for the season two weeks ago. It has improved a lot since last year, but I think could get even better with each passing year.

It gets pretty packed on the weekend, so my recommendation is to try for a weeknight. Don't even bother trying to get on a hammock on the weekend, but if you do happen to get lucky, they are tons of fun. Maybe a little dirty though (I heard bums sleep there at night!).

My favorite thing to do is grab a beer and just hang out in the beer garden area on the sand. There a number of chairs and benches, but honestly for how much foot traffic this place gets, I'm surprised they didnt make the beer garden much, MUCH, bigger this year. For what it's work, it's nice to sit on the water and just chill. 

For food, so far this year, I've seen the return of CHIFA, federal doughnuts, and distrito. For ice cream, Franklin Fountain!!!!!

My recommendations would be, a yeungling summer wheat, the chicken sandwich from federal, and a cone of your fave franklin flavor! If you get a place to sit, don't let it go!!!!!! 

Oh and park in old city in the slanted spots and just walk down!!
A great park for lounging, noshing, drinking locally, or bringing the kids. Had the pleasure of visiting midday on a weekend and it was busy! Love the hammocks if you can be lucky enough to snag one (add more!). There's food, an arcade, some temporary bathrooms. 

- Adirondack Chairs
- Locally brewed beer
- Floating gardens

I enjoyed all of the above! Drinking beer on the waterfront in an Adirondack chair can't be beat. We were amused by the rope pits by the water (much like on a catamaran) where it's impossible to look cool sitting in the pit. There's probably lots of lost wallets and phones from that too, but nice idea. 

We spent a couple seconds playing a game of large Connect Four that was open; until some Italian lady insisted that her two year old could just fill all the holes, rather than us finishing our game and her kid getting a turn. Thanks for nothing, Italian Helicopter Mom.

Great park, great idea!
Here's a quick Pros/Cons list, since I'm sure everything about this place has been pointed out already:

PROS:
-Beautiful and clean park that livens up an area that was previously unsightly and served no purpose.
-Plenty of food and drink options to choose from- Distrito, funnel cake, FedNuts, craft beer and ciders (instead of something like Miller Lite).
-Perfectly set up as to make the walkways blend in seamlessly to both the South end of Moshulu and the North end of the newly updated Blue Cross River Rink/Festival Pier at Penn's Landing area.  Easily accessible to all attractions: vendors, arcade, museum, boat rides, etc.
-A great place to sit, relax, and people-watch without the added discomfort of hecklers and the like that you would get in Rittenhouse Square or Love Park.

CONS:
-The food and drink lines seemed to be quite long.  Come with multiple people- one to stand in line and order and one to save your seating.  As for the over-21 crowd, they don't make it easy figuring out what you're supposed to do.  Naturally, we fell into the line behind the beer stand, but you first need to walk up to a random staff member in no particular order, hand them your ID, then get a wristband, then get back in line.  Also, there's designated areas for drinking so don't go wandering.  Didn't try the food but I imagine it's fairly tasty and overpriced.  As for the barge beer garden, the line for that seemed to take forever and there wasn't much shading out there anyway.
-Plenty of pathways and sidewalks and mini-stairs and grassy areas to get where you need to go but you will not be able to move because it's so damn packed.  It feels like a carnival.  Some areas get super congested and the strollers and dogs and lines of toddlers and teenagers don't help.
-As for the biggest draw of this waterfront park- the hammocks and Adirondack chairs.  You go there thinking it's gonna be like an Instagram picture- plenty of readily available hammocks to lie in and take a picture of your feet (#blessed). But unless you get there at the crack of dawn, you ain't gettin a hammock.  For the chairs, we waited about 20 minutes and saw a group of people leave them, so we bolted over there just to snag our spot.  Once you're there, you'll wanna post up and never leave, which kinda sucks if you wanna explore too.  Basically, pick one or the other.

Overall, it's a nice concept, the activities and such are a little pricy, but it's something different to do for a day.
What an absolutely stunning addition to the Philadelphia waterfront. I hope city officials take note of how popular this pop up was and consider making something similar a permanent spring-summer-fall fixture. 

During the day it's very kid/ family friendly and is a wonderful spot to enjoy the Delaware and Penn's Landing. The floating barge and it's interior water garden were lovely and peaceful during the day (note the bar is closed during the day).  I imagine it's a blast for the over 21 crowd in the evenings .  Now that it has plans to remain open for the month of September I hope to get down there some evening and enjoy a drink.  

Note the daytime concessions were cash only.
This wasn't a good look. The Park looks & feels "Run Over". Lots of small children are about because Parents believe this Venue accommodates them. It doesn't!! The Hammocks are few. The Usual eateries & Beer venues, with not many places to sit and eat. The Park looks Nothing like the Web Site. It's over run by ppl looking for what it promised..... Very Disappointed.... It was a Very Good thing I was in Good Company, we chatted our time away & moved on.
overrated. 

the pond is full of trash. the grass is spray painted neon green. the shuffleboard is broken already. ditto the ping pong board. $5 for 30 minutes for each?? and everything else is overpriced. the hammocks are sweaty and gross. there's dog poop everywhere. saw some people lose their phone in the water by the cargo nets (the mesh doesn't cover the edges).
This was a really nice place to go visit on a sunny day. I had a great time lounging in one of their Adirondack chairs they have open. We didn't get a chance to lay in the hammocks but they looked pretty nice as well. They have these nets that you can sit in that are overhanging the water which looked really relaxing, but they were very crowded and had people waiting.

The main thing that kind of bothered me was their shortage of liquor. They had a nice selection of beers, but only one liquor stand. And they were apparently not allowed to give you any without a mixer. For example, I ordered a whiskey, but I had to have lemonade or fruit punch mixed in. I could not just order whiskey on the rocks. I'm not quite sure what this accomplishes - it's the same amount of alcohol, and diluting it with a little sugar does not water it down much, it just makes it taste horrible. Overall it was relaxing, but it could have easily have been 5-stars if they just fixed their liquor situation/policy!
This is essentially a street fair in a park. I wouldn't go as far as saying that I disliked it, but I had a "been there, done that" feeling. The park has the requisite booths that sell artery-clogging food as well as a beer garden, carousel,  a few lame games, and a small arcade. It's only fair that I point out that there's an impeccable view of the Ben Franklin Bridge. Nevertheless, since I've been to so many street fairs, nothing at this park really stood out. 

I would visit the park only after I finished looking at the other attractions in Center City. This definitely won't be the highlight of your trip.
While their are definitely some glaring flaws to Spruce Harbor Park during its first summer of execution, especially in the Blue Anchor pop up portion, Its pretty hard NOT to give five stars for the way that they transformed a simple Philly pier into a remarkable boardwalk wonderland filled with plenty of games, outdoor lighting effects, beer gardens, and an endless amount of hammocks.

Between Hyatt hotel and the dreadful eyesore that is the Christopher Columbus Memorial, this park resides in the area that was hands down my least favorite area of the waterfront. But in just a short amount of time Spruce Harbor has managed to become the perfect example of Philly Parklife during the summertime. After all, its not everyday that you can find outdoor games like bocce ball and shuffleboard, classic and new school videogames, and giant sets of chess and Jenga all in one park. While it can be a shit show with a long line and a burger that leaves a lot to be desired, it does speak miles that they brought in an Iron Chef like Jose Garces to set up shop on the parks first restaurant/beer garden pop up too.

Toss in the the many hammocks (one day I will find the opportunity to chillax and read in one), giant With Love Philly Chair, random lighting effects, and more that you may encounter in a visit, and its no wonder why this park may even succeed at being more of a people watching destination than Rittenhouse Square!
Really can't complain about being chill in philli.
The coolest spot around minus all the buzz of tourists doing the tourism.

Here in the park you'll find old shipping containers turned food "truck," barges as restaurants, hammocks and swings scattered about. And a giant rope net suspended over the water to try to relax in (if kids aren't there screwing everything in life up as they tend to do)

You can rent one of this dumb swans to paddle around the water in or a kayak you're allowed to go a few hundred feet in but I'd stick to the eats and some cocktails.  

This is truly a chill af spot.
A million and one thanks to the good people of Philly who drummed up this idea. It's a great boost on what to do on a random Friday night when you want to be out in the summer glory but you don't want to go HAM. You can be with your friends and drink many beers, split many a food, and balk at the cost of an ice cream cone thanks to Franklin Fountain. Then you text the guy you're currently crushing to come meet you because it's nighttime, the lights are full in effect (oh so romantic) and you can sway and make-out in a hammock. Classy. 
Sidenote about the hammocks-- there are staff patrolling to make sure you're not violating the two-to-a-hammock rule. It's no joke. You can't even have three kids in there-- and to me those are half humans. 
Babies and dogs run amuck here (not literally) so if you got one (or both) don't be afraid to bring 'em.
SSHP has become my mistress on the weekends. i find any and every excuse to drag people here. The excuses include but are not limited to - They have a beer garden, they have food trucks, are you in the mood for ice cream?, we don't have to drive we can ride the ferry over, we need to exercise more, my daughter loves being outside. - Haha the list is never ending. Seriously though the list of reasons to love this park is never ending because there are countless things to do to meet each and every need. You dont feel like playing games? Take a nap in the hammock. You're getting hungry? Check out the food trucks. Must trys franklin fountain single scoop of vanilla bean $5.50 and short rib tacos $8 from the distrito truck. Also, don't forget to grab a beer!
I love Spruce Street Harbor Park in the summer time, and I'm NOT AFRAID to admit it. Though the hammocks kinda skeeve me, this place has provided the venue for many a great summer night and life conversations with friends that I love dearly.

The downsides are: it's kind of a pain to get to if you're not walking. The parking is abysmal/ non-existent and the uber/ lyft/ taxi drop offs and pick ups are essentially on the curb of a very busy road. Additionally, when this place is busy, it can be annoying to try to find a place to sit, especially if you're coming with a big group.

Those cons do not outweigh the good, in my opinion. Come here during off-peak times to enjoy music, a good ice cream or a cold cocktail, and your preference of seating from hammock to picnic tables. The views are gorgeous, especially at night. (Just bring bug spray!!) I love the many trees here, and the staff of the park do a great job of keeping it tidy for guests.

I definitely think this is a great place for an after-work happy hour or a romantic end to a date night. You can stroll, sit, chat, and enjoy the views. I love the vibe here on a warm, breezy evening. Grab your Crab Fries, your Yards, and your Franklin Fountain, and you've got a recipe for a very Philly summer outing.
I finally made it to Spruce Street Harbor Park over a year after it opened. Stop judging me; better late than never! 

I can see why most people love this place. Honestly, I'm a little glad my first visit got delayed because it looks like some of the kinks from last year have been worked out.

Given my trip was on a Monday night with a forecast of thunderstorms, but I was really impressed.  The lights were pretty and it was themed well. It was a trendy little park on the harbor. So yeah, it was named appropriately. It was nice being outdoors and along the water's edge. The rope seats freaked me out so I passed on them, but it was pretty sweet being able to just chill out at a nearby table.

Going on a Monday has its pluses and minuses. We weren't fighting crowds, but things weren't open. I was looking forward to getting something from Distrito but the truck is closed on Mondays. Because of the impending storm, Chifa shut down early so no noodles for me. I did get to try my first Federal Donut (I said, stop judging me!) and got to sip on $6 pours of Dogfishhead 60 Minute IPA. 

They were pretty strict about keeping the beer in a certain area, but I guess that makes sense based on how many families with children were running around. I'll stay in the adults section anyways thank you very much. 

My experience was basically very chill and relaxed. Spruce Street Harbor Park by far wins the awards of nicest looking beer garden in the city. Last night we were also able to hear the Foo Fighters concert from across the river. Well not the concert itself, but the crowd cheering. This is a good place to go if you are looking to be jealous of a concert you aren't seeing. 

But for real, I'm hooked and looking forward to much more riverside relaxation.
This is one of my favorite parks in Philly with tons of things to do that you won't get bored. There are light sport activities, arcades, games, food vendors, restaurants, water fountain, boardwalk, hammocks, etc. The park is facing the Delaware river and it has a beautiful view. Coincidentally, the Hilton hotel is next to it. In the evening time, they have these LED lights lit up on the trees and it is so colorful...I love it! I saw a lot of people came here with their kids and they enjoyed playing in the fountain. I just hope that they won't pee in there haha
If you keep walking down you will see the Moshulu ship which is also a restaurant. 
The park is definitely great for both kids and adults to hang out and relax.  If you are a tourist and tired from a long day walk this place could be your little relaxing therapy.
Until August 31st, one of the prime spots to visit in Philly is Spruce Street Harbor Park. Along the same vein as the PHS Pop Up Garden last year, these urban pop ups truly brighten up the city's landscape. It's no wonder that it was recently named one of the world's best urban beaches.

In addition to having the Iron Chef Jose Garces' Blue Anchor "anchoring" the food and drink here, there are barges filled with video games and skee-ball. 

Of if you're looking to lounge around, prop yourself up on a beach chair and soak up the rays. 

But do venture into the heart of Spruce Street Harbor Park, with the lagoon of lily pads in the center. And at the end of the dock, you'll find some hammocks, reinforced above the Delaware River. Perfect for two to lounge about lazily (that really is the limit on each hammock). Be prepared though - you may find a line staring at you to indulge in their turn. 

Once you're done lying above the Delaware, head over to play some additional boardwalk games.

Or you can lounge in some more hammocks amidst the trees. 

There may very well be some crafts to be bought. 

Or some life-size Connect Four or Jenga to be played. 

If this is what the Delaware Riverfront Corporation and the city of Philly are heading towards, I'm all about it. I still don't know if a skating rink is the most cost effective use of funds though, considering the state of public education. Ah well, one battle at a time.
Yes, yes and yes! Why didn't I come here sooner? And why hasn't this happened until this summer? It's an outdoor multipurpose space for hanging out and chillin. Yeah, those are two different things.

May favorite use of this "multipurpose" space is obviously the various spots to fill your beer cup. There are a couple of beer tents with 2-3 Philly classic selections (Yards, Victory), and I LOVE that you can fill 'er up and then just wander as you please around the park. There is no small fenced in area to enjoy your beer. There is the whole park. Yessir. Want to enjoy your beer while playing giant jenga? Go for it. Want to bring it with you to stand on line for funnel cake and hot dogs? Why would you NOT want to do that?

There is really a ton of seating options, from small table tops to lounge chairs to hammocks hung under cool multicolored lights. There also seems to be a restaurant of sorts that I haven't quite figured out, but there is a long line to get a seat in there. But it's an option away from the aforementioned funnel cake and cotton candy stuffs. 

There are a ton of kids. Playing in the water, swinging in the hammocks, running around like they are at an outdoor summertime fun park... oh wait they are. There are video games which I didn't partake in and honestly looked like a shoestring arcade with the three games and one claw machine they had, but I'm sure children love that sort of thing, right? That, or drunk adults. I'm not sure which.

I have to say that this beer garden is by far and wide better than the Independence Hall one. Just a bigger space, a different vibe, and without the drunk frat boy crowd. I'd prefer kids eating cotton candy to that shit any day. Wow, never thought there would be the day...
I got excited when I saw pictures of the new Spruce Street Harbor Park. The pictures painted a real pretty picture. I gathered up the family and we took the train to Old City and walked over to the pop up park, as they call it.

They had a bunch of hammocks and cool looking lights hanging from trees that change colors and lit in patterns. I imagine it's even cooler to see at night.

There were some beach chairs and larger than life games, like chess and four in a row. The also had a couple of pop booths with some arcade games.

And there were the food stands that overcharged like an Amusement Park and under-satisfied just the same.

For those who like to lay around and not do much, this spot can do the trick. But if you want to be more mobile, it's not worth going out of your way.
This is the place to be during summertime radness. Perfect for families, group outings or a date, there is something for everyone. Take a stroll down the harbor and peruse the selection of food trucks or beer stands. Check out the various entertainment such as break dancing. Or chill in a hammock or fish net. Good luck finding an open one though; it gets packed. If you have any questions, the staff/security guards on site are super helpful and friendly too.
Spruce St. Harbor Park oh how I love thee. What a great use of space on the Delaware River waterfront. You can bring a date, or the kids and it is appropriate for both. There are lots of hammocks and chairs to sit and relax. You can take a stroll or play one of the many games available for public use. They have Jenga, cornhole and Connect Four. There are lots of great places to eat. Such as Garces and The Little Black Ham. You can stop at one of the many booths and grab a craft beer  (reasonably priced at $6). At night the lights come on. Beautiful, colorful icicle lights are hung from the trees all over. It makes for a magical scene. I have been here a few times because I love it so much! Parking can be tough on the weekends, but it's worth it.
Walked from Penns landing to Spruce St harbor park after dinner. They have hammocks hanging between trees, and lights hanging from branches. You can grab a bite to eat at the trucks on the pier also some wine and beers. 

We sat on a bench and talked for a bit when a hammock freed up. We laid inside and cozied up with the sound of video games in the background. We chatted for about an hour then the swaying of the hammock started putting me to sleep so we got up and walked around some more. Anyone can enjoy the sights and sounds of the park.
I thought it was a great addition to the Philadelphia area since they were creatively  making use of this space. Spruce street harbor really spiced it up a bit and I was kinda a fan.  Loved the beer garden like feel and the hammock as far as the eyes can 
The idea of it all was perfect but there were some drawbacks! There were limited selection on food....kinda tired of the hot dog, fries, and pretzels.  Philly is known for our food and food trucks here so why not go for more of the adventurous foodie type food? Who knows what they were thinking! 

Also, we came here on Friday Night so it was ridiculously crowded.  we tried to grab a hammock but it seems like once someone get their hands on one...they are in it for the night..Jeesh! 

On the bright side....I was ecstatic that they had angry bird beer...my fav!  That and some quality time with family made the experience worth it!
Spruce Street Harbor Park has lovely scenery located right along the waterfront of Philly. It's a great place to just enjoy walking along or sit and take in the view. There are art installations dotted along the park, a drink shack, and sometimes from food vendors. This park is right by Penn's Landing, a must-visit as well when you're in this area.
What can I say that hasn't already been said? I came on a Wednesday around 6pm and the dock area was pretty empty. I assume most people were still getting their SIPS on at other places in the city. Well, this gave my friend and I access to a hammock over the Delaware and adirondack chairs. The only negative with the hammocks is that there are mosquitoes flying around everywhere. 

There are limited food options..but really what do you expect with a floating restaurant? I ordered a Village Burger and cheese fries and both were delicious. The fries were thinly sliced which is a plus for me. The food also came out almost immediately. There are a few beer and cocktail options. Beers are $6 but the bartender filled my plastic cup all the way to the tippy top. There was a White Sangria with fresh blueberries option for $8 but the cup was small. Beer is the better value. 

Only a few more weeks to come check out this unique Philly venue. I hope that this will pop up every year!
Probably one of the best places to bring your family in this area when you don't want to deal with South Street. Hammocks, Adirondack chairs, games, fun foods and activities for everyone. From what I've heard, the night scene looks beautiful. You don't have to spend money if you don't want to and just enjoy the sights. However, just note that the prices are what you'd expect for the area. Kinda like boardwalk down the shore prices. Yikes! I can't say it'd be a place where i would be spending my money because I have issues with paying $9 for a watered down premade drink.
Have you been to Spruce Street Harbor Park?  Well you haven't lately, because they are closed for the season, but they will be back in May.  I'll be back in May too.  This might be one of my favorite spots in the city.  We've been known to walk great distances if we're in the city and we think we can get to Spruce Street Harbor Park for a bit.  They have beer, hammocks, giant games, hammocks, ice cream, light shows, hammocks, delicious food, water, and a lot of hammocks.  

Even driving by this place at night just looks so beautiful and that's a word I really don't use that often.   We even tried to buy some of their tree lights for our backyard.  Summer nights in Philly are so much better at Spruce Street!
Wow!! This was an amazing. I came here with my fiancé at night and all the lights were hanging and looked beautiful. There were also hammocks where you can lay and look at the trees glowing with the lights. I wish there was more going on. There was only one place to get food. I wish there was like a variety of food trucks here but it would probably be hard with the limited space.

This was a cool place to hang out but we did not stay long. We just walked around to see the cool views and see what the hype was all about. It was a beautiful night and most likely will come back.
We stayed at the adjacent Hilton which is footsteps away from this genius creation! It features:  colorful hammocks, floating gardens, beautiful lights, refreshing craft beer, and food from popular Philly restaurants! What was more impressive was it contained (from website): 
*Waterfront bocce, ping pong, and shuffleboard courts
*Bean bag toss, life sized chess and Connect Four, giant Jenga, and tetherball (all free!)
*Shipping containers along the boardwalk  house Basket Fever skeeball, air hockey, claw crane games, Ms. Pacman, and two racing games. 
It was very safe & clean and there were always people no matter what time of the day! Definitely highly recommended to escape the bustle of the city and enjoy some fun time! ENJOY!
Exactly what the waterfront needed. It is definitely walkable from Center City which makes the dynamic of the park eclectic. 
The hammocks are a great place to lay with a cold beer (which is reasonable priced), the LED lights also add a euphoric feeling to the experience.
The Blue Anchor is the star of the park, with a Garces pop-up restaurant and bar, nets that are positioned over the water where you can sit and look at the view, and beach chairs with sand. 
The burgers at the pop-up are phenomenal- definitely try the blue cheese burger, and they aren't too expensive but not cheap either. In terms of beer, there is something for everyone (even Angry Orchards for those gluten free people).
The swan boats are pretty expensive- $9 per person for a half hour. Tip: go over to the Seaport Museum and rent a rowboat for 15$/hr on M-F after 4 pm. It is well worth the agony/hilarity- plus you can row around near the pop up garden and hopefully someone can throw you a beer.
I think the designers of this park executed what they envisioned: a space where you can escape from the city life and feel like you are not in Philadelphia.
Well Done!
THE GOOD:

This is definitely a park you'll want to stop by. It is beautifully lit with color changing lights. There are various games throughout the park you can play while you scout out for a hammock, such as corn hole and life-size chess.

If you're in the mood to just chill and take in the serene setting, there are plenty of seats and tables by the water and food trucks. If you want to impress your date and they've never been here, this is the place to take them.

THE BAD:

Remember those hammocks I talked about? They may be the most coveted seats at the park -people will jump through hoops to get their turn on them - but just a fair warning, bed bugs do plague them. So I'd stick to the seats by the water.
Wowowowww. This is has got to be the best free park I've been to all my life! NYC's parks just don't compare to Spruce Street because the size and cozy hammocks are just a few of my favorite things here. They apparently appear to be everybody else's favorites too because it'll be hard to snatch one up during peak hours.

I came to visit philly during July 4th weekend, and fireworks were released every night of that weekend. Staff here are extremely friendly, including people who served food here (all of which were extremely good btw). You can purchase alcohol and walk around to a certain distance with it & they DO check ID and give you a wristband if they serve you alcohol. 

This park is both kid and adult friendly. There are games that appeal to both age groups such as life sized chess & connect four and hacky sack. A roller rink is located at the very beginning for more active people and as for lazy people, there are hammocks above water and in between trees somewhere around the middle. By the end there are boats that you can dine on or pay for a little tour. Overall, spruce street is a large strip of area for you to walk around and explore.

Honestly, the best way to see what this park has to offer is to come here yourself. Rather than spend my time at the liberty bell, I wished I spent a little more time here instead!
After a night out in Old City, I always like to walk down by Penns Landing and take in the river view. My friend and I decided to check it out since it takes about 5 minutes to walk down. 

Everything is beautifully alight with LED lights (at night anyway) and everything is nicely landscaped. There's even food and drink vendors to grab food and enjoy the park. My one gripe is that there was a strong scent of weed last night in one corner of the park. Aside from that, it was a perfect way to end our evening!
Such a neat area! They offer so much and you don't even have to be an outdoorsy person to appreciate this space. The hammocks, the beer, the food trucks, the arcade, and the list goes on! The view is excellent with the water right there and the cool docks that you can walk on. Make sure to bring an appetite to sample some of Philadelphia's best ice cream, sandwiches, and doughnuts. This place is great to walk around or play one of the many games like bocco, bing pong, or giant chest! Make sure to visit this place!
Great way to spend a summer afternoon/evening.  For a lazy afternoon, there are hammocks for you to lounge with your loved ones.  You can play Connect Four and ping pong for free! And there's a little arcade to entertain the little ones.

There are several pop-up places to eat in the area (Distrito, Franklin Fountain, Chifa, and Federal Donuts)  The cinnamon doughnuts at Federal Donuts are delicious and the pork short ribs at Distrito will leave you wanting for more.  

Have a wonderful time!
Sorry guys, I just wasn't that in love with SSHP. Long lines, really crowded, grody hammocks that I probably won't ever want to lie in bc who knows who else with what cooties have been in them before me (& even if I did, they're all already taken anyway). 

I dig the concept & I really wanted to enjoy it, & I can see how others would love it, but it's just not for me.
So awesome here! What a gem for our city! Great to go solo, bring friends, family, go on a date. Hammocks are usually full but there's plenty of chairs. And if you're tough enough you can typically steal the oversize games away from children (don't judge me, they should be home sleeping anyway, so judge their parents  )
I visited Spruce Street Harbor Park last year and returned recently.  I think it is a cute spot for young folks to have a date or for us mature folks to top off a fun evening in the area with some ice cream or a beer at the bar.  

I think the hammocks and games are cool and if you get there early enough the lines aren't so long at the popular food trucks (Whiskey Village - Whiskey Burger; Franklin Fountain).     

I wish they would do a better with keeping the area clean, I know if must be difficult with the traffic that comes through there, but it can be a turnoff on a hot day.
I love Harbor Park. Such a nice park to walk around, relax, sit in the many chairs/hammocks, and enjoy some shade with some nice big trees. Oh, and can't forget the food of  :) I prefer going on the weekdays because it's not as busy!
Nice way to spend the last days of summer. I really hope they bring this back next year! This was a great place to bring out of town guests. We were fortunate enough to go there on a Saturday night, just in time for the fireworks. 

The ambience was amazing. I hearted the lights at night. Who knew Philly would offer such a magical place?!? The hammocks were also full, but I was finally able to relax in one on the last day. Great activities for the young ones. The last day, they had craft painting, so adorable.

Food and Bev: of course the prices were a bit higher, but the selections were there. Apple cider beers and a few crafted.
Nice view but impossible to get a hammock, don't bother coming and trying if that's what you came for. The park has at most around 10 and it's really crowded, people hustling each other just to get one.
Great place to come during the day or night. Kids are welcomed too. There are trampoline type nets basically on the water for you to sit it. Plenty of beach style chairs throughout the area too. beers are $6 and sold on the dock area by the water. Theres hammocks, but i can see how there can be a fight for them. lovely spot with a few vendors set up selling artwork, jewelry and food.there's parkin on the street 2.50$ for an hour or you can park in a lot for about $20.
This place is awesome.  What a beautiful addition to the Philadelphia waterfront.

When you're here, it doesn't feel like Philly.  It feels like somewhere larger, cleaner, greener.  I've been twice since it's opened and I was even able to score a hammock once where, despite the children and hustle and bustle, I fell asleep in the shade.  I've also visited the bar on the lower level and it's really nice.  They monitor the occupancy and both times I went, I was able to score two seats together.  

Some might complain, but I personally don't mind paying $6/beer because it's really the same price you'd pay at the same stuffy, stale Center City bars we're all used to.  The park is really stunningly beautiful at night.  The designers really had a vision and made it happen.  I think the park probably only encompasses what's a square city block but it feels much larger when you're there.  

The one and only reason I've deducted a star is because I don't think children should be allowed in the bar area.  Not only do they take up space, but at any bar I'm in, I don't expect to see children in it.  Just takes away from the whole vibe.  Age verified wristbands make a lot more sense for the set up.  Oh, also, the port-a-potties are pretty gross but what else is new!

Will definitely be back way more before the summer ends.  It's kind of a shame it will be gone August 31!  Check it out before then!
Beautiful park that only opened in the last few years by the PA-NJ border! In the summer, you can play connect four, giant Jenga, giant chess in the park if the weather is nice. Friday and Saturdays also have vendors that come by to sell handmade crafts, interior decor, and accessories. Plenty of food trucks are around too, from ice cream to burgers and fries, with a beer garden as well. There is also a ferry to the Camden waterfront and spots to ride in animal-shaped boats. This park's trees are lighted at night and it has plenty of hammocks so definitely try to grab one!
This was a lively place around Memorial weekend. Our local friend said this wasn't a touristy place, but boy oh boy were there a lot of people.

There were plenty of places to sit and lounge. A seat can easily be found near the water despite the crowd. I even saw hammocks with sleepy faces in them. 

If you're hungry, there were food vendors around. We also encountered something that looked like a festival, but our friend said it was mostly more food booths. There were also two (?) fancy restaurants on a ship if you're wanting something nicer. 

I saw paddle boats which we couldn't participate in since we had a (third wheel) friend with us. There was also a museum if you're wanting to do something less physical. You can also tour the abandoned war ships as it is converted into a museum. 

Parking is expensive. If you're willing to walk a few blocks, you can find a spot at the residential neighborhoods nearby.
Truly a unique and hip park.

I've been several times- Tuesday morning, Thursday afternoon, Saturday night. All three of these experiences are different.

Tuesday morning- a calm start to the day- journal, read, observe the joggers, feel the start of a warm summer day. An easy time to grab a hammock.

Thursday afternoon- relax from the heat of the day (and exploring south street/society hill) and (probably) still find a hammock. Read a book, do some lazy people watching, take a nap even.

Saturday night- See and be seen. An awesome place to meet people, grab a beer with your friends. You know that scene in Perks of Being a wallflower? When they're driving, and talk about feeling infinite, and hop into the back of the pickup truck and boom- they're young and wild and free.

Spruce Street Harbor Park can give that vibe on a warm summer night. Beautiful lights, a perfect backdrop to a perfect melting pot of people- You can see everyone here. I sense a camaraderie here- a common spirit, a common desire to relax, have fun, enjoy.


You don't go here at night to be calm, but to, at the very least, absorb the energy and potential that the night brings.

I love stopping in here to end the day, watch the natural light fade and let the parks lights take over and create a masterpiece.

You can read other reviews to see what's in this park. This is just a glimpse into the energy and spirit that is somehow created in this spot. Come on in and enjoy.
Awesome outdoor space by the harbor.

There's an indoor arcade (with the most fun version of Space Invaders ever). There are hammocks (both on land and above the water - watch your belongings!). There's food options, particularly Chickie and Pete's (crab fries with cheese!). There's a beer garden with a good summer selection (it says you can't bring booze out, but nobody seems to care).

Lots of tables, umbrellas, and not the greatest bathroom (but serviceable). Definitely a great place to hang out if the weather's nice.
I absolutely LOVE Spruce Street harbor park. Tons of vendors with food, drinks (GREAT beer selection too!) and gifts, lots of places to sit and hang out, cool random entertainment like tightrope walking, and best of all you get to be right by the water. You can also rent a canoe or paddle boat if you wanted. I can't get enough of this place. It's great for groups or just to hang out with one other person- so much better than sitting at a bar to hang out. I'll be back multiple times throughout the season for lots of good food, good beer and the cool atmosphere!
Defin a fun date night atmosphere here.. it has a carnival type rides at the end and snacks, food and etc at the other end... nice to walk along the river..
During my trip to Philadelphia, I just had to come check out this park. This park was very beautiful at night with the lights. I've actually never came to a park like this before with all these beautiful lights and so many hammocks just hanging around for the public. When I went there all the hammocks were taken. They have a lot of food here. I tried the strawberry with pearl vegan fruit icy and boy was it delicious. I came here it was summer fest. I don't think this last all year round though. So if you come to Philadelphia you definitely have to check this park out.
Love it here! Super chill, neat little place. The hammocks are just so comfortable but I just wish there was a way of putting more up of them. You may have to stalk people to grab one but once you do, heaven. The toys and blocks for the kids are great I just wish they had more of them. The seats over the water on the ropes (which are
my favorite) were taken and no one was moving anytime soon. The beer line is unfortunately always long. The food options are fair well, for a vegan that is. I had spicy noodles from Jose Garce's Chinese & Peruvian Fusion pop-up, Chifa. They were awesome and served in a cute to go box. I overheard the people behind me complaining that they had run out of pork buns which apparently are the most popular items. I definitely want to hit up Distrito tacos next time. There's Federal Donuts which I hawed serves great chicken sammys. And Franklin Fountain for over the top piled icecream waffles and sundaes. The arcade was crowded and all free games were taken. 
*This was all opening weekend so it's exactly what I had expected. I did enjoy it a little more than last year because I knew what to expect. It's not super crazy and entertaining but a must see. I actually do think it's genius and a great use of space! The roller skating rink is a nice addition this year! And there are more arcade games. 

I have come here at sunset, at lunch time, at dinner time and during the summer weekdays. I must say, having the entire place to ourselves during the week is super nice so try it out this summer! We pack a picnic lunch, I swing on the hammock and read a book and the kids play. It's a nice FREE afternoon. Nighttime is great too. The weather cools down, the lights go up and it's kinda romantic. The weekends are obviously busy but that is also when the crafters are there. A lot of the same you see at Clover Market but that's fine by me. My family does also love renting the paddle boats. Pretty inexpensive and being so small next to the big ships! We have also never had a problem parking very close. 

A definite must visit but be prepared to wait in line and for a good seat depending on when you go but it's definitely pretty darn cool.
SSHP has stepped up its game this year. My main complaints last year were about the food offerings--they had the one good Garces option and the rest was crappy carnival food like funnel cake. I was so happy to see that places like Federal Donuts, Franklin Fountain, and a Garces place as well. They also added another spot to grab some beer by the southern entrance. There was even a coffee truck handing out free hot & cold brew coffees, and free bags of coffee grounds which was pretty awesome. Next time I'm coming hungry and trying some of this food! 

The same activities are there from last year--huge chess, giant jenga, cool lights, many hammocks.
Only open in the summertime (May-Sept of every year) Best place to go to when you want to be by the water and just chill and relax. Everything is here from: park benches, chairs, hanging hammocks, games (like life-size chess and checkers boards). People are walking, biking, sitting, and relaxing here. 

Food: a fries/chips stand, ice cream from franklin fountain, pizza/soda, alcohol is served here too. 

The harbor park is right between the Hilton Hotel and ChartHouse restaurant.  

During the day in the summer it GETS PACKED QUICK. Families everywhere with their children. I suggest going after 7pm and staying until 11ish. Best time because families are leaving and its more an adult crowd. There is ample seating everywhere. The pier also goes out over the water and theres more seating out there with umbrellas and alcohol vendor stands. 

You have to go at least once! You won't regret it!
This is one of the best places I have been during my trip to Philly. The parks here in Milwaukee close at 930 10pm. So when I saw that the park was open at like 1 or 2am I was intrigued. We decided to go at dusk which made it more wonderful. The LED light which hang on the trees flicker from the lights different colors. Awesome! The park is a really peaceful family atmosphere. For the kids I life sized leggos, jenga, i think checkers and jump roping. There was also life sized chess. There are also arcades and boat rides i believe. 

There are a couple of food trucks as well as a couple of stands dedicated to food and beer. We waited on the ice cream. The line was literally around the corner! The ice cream was great. Remember this, one scoop is more than enough. I couldn't finish it. It was kinda expense but it was worth the wait.

There are also hammocks spread throughout the park. It can be a pain in the you know what when youre trying to get in one. Other people are waiting to. So put on your track shoes so that you can run to jump in one after a person is done spending time in it. I felt kinda like a stalker waiting and preying on people who may or may not be getting out of their hammock. So long story short get read to get your stalk on!

The atmosphere is wonderful. There was no fighting or anything of the sort. It was an excellent time. I will be here again if im in Philly
On a comfortable evening, this is the spot to be in Philadelphia this summer.  Opens late May through late September, so this spot can become your go-to all season long.

There's a lot to do here, and just the right amount of people on weekends to liven up the place (never been on a week night, I'd expect it to be more low key).  The lights, beer garden, hammocks, Garces/Franklin Fountain, and live music all coming together gives it a carnival at night kind of feel.  This year they added a rollerskating rink... what a blast from the past..
Quite a few people told us to check out Spruce Harbor while we were in town and I'm so glad we did. The staff was so friendly and helpful. The waterfront is beautiful and offers lots of water activities. On the boardwalk there's plenty of food trucks and sights to see. We enjoyed drinks by the water and chatted up some locals. It a great, chill spot to go on a weekend.
Central Park I love you, but Spruce Street Harbor Park is truly something special.

We did a mini road trip to Philly from NYC, and Spruce Street Harbor Park was at the top of my list to visit. Coming from New York, I thought for sure that this place would be overcrowded and not worth the hype. I was so wrong.

The hammocks, colorful chairs and benches, food trucks, vendors, oversized connect 4 and chess.... OMG words cannot describe how much I love this place. I would like to start a project to bring this park to NYC as is.

We spent hours here, but mostly on the hammocks. I almost fell asleep because they were so comfortable. If you're visiting Philly, this is a MUST. If I lived here, I would come here every week. Please go if you haven't already!
Amazing set up! Wish we had this where I lived! 

Busy but fun! Boat Restaurants​, hammocks, swings, oversized games, paddle boats, playground, lights at night, etc. 

Perfectly located right by the water. 

Truly romantic for couples. Great for kids. All around, really nice park.
This is such a fun and unique park! Each year during the summer/early fall season, this park serves as an oasis of fun for the Philadelphia community. I was very awed by all of the LED lights, activity stations for kids and youthful adults (including chess and a giant sized version of my favorite game - Connect 4!), arcade, hammocks, and food stands. It was packed at the time of my visit, which made for a very lively environment. 

It is also close to the harbor, so if you wanted to get a breath of fresh aware away from the throngs of people, the riverside is only a couple of steps away. 

I highly recommend a visit to this park, especially at night when the lights illuminate the park and the area becomes lively with people.
Urban planning done the best way! 

Can't get enough of this place. It's the best mix of indoor/outdoor - right at the water's edge with all the comforts! The space keeps expanding north, starting at Spruce Street and working it's way towards Chestnut and beyond. Along the way there's a beer garden with different vendors always serving up the brews. In addition, there's outdoor games, food trucks, mini golf, boat rides, a roller rink, and of course the famous hammocks! Careful on giving up your seat though - it's hard out there for a hammock seeker! 

The staff is always courteous and willing to help you out with any inquiries. In addition, it's pet friendly! Bring your canine companion out for a great outdoor hangout session - what more can you ask for? 

With so much going on, there's likely something for everyone, and if not, there's always new things popping up! Plan to stay a while and let the good times roll!
I came here at night and although it was quite pretty, it was not really kid friendly at all. I smelled illegal substances, 2 drunk people walked into the porter potty together (ewww), people were practically giving waaaay too much PDA in the hammocks, and just tons and tons of trash thrown all over. It's supposed to be a nice environment for everyone and the people that come to it just makes Philly look like trash. It's ashame.

Maybe next year, I would have to go during the days to be able to really get a better feel for it. Until next year...
Boy did we walk a ways to get here! but the neon flashing lights that are decorating all over the trees in the park where the sign that allowed us to know that we had arrived.
This park is unique in the sense that you have a nice little boardwalk you walk to and fro from with a nice view of the Delaware river. It's also really cool that they have some kiosks that offer food/snack items. 
I admit though that I was expecting more, or maybe Thursday is not the day to come because after about an hour it seemed that unless you were making out in one of the hammocks, or playing in the arcade area there wasn't much else to do here. Still worth a stop though, and it was cool to see that they turned a massive ship into a restaurant here.
Sorry, but I do not see what is so special about this place. It looks and feels like it was thrown together hastily in time for peak tourist season. Those shipping containers- ugh!
Crowded, hot, and not much of interest here. For me anyhow.

I walked down here to check it out and to find a place to pee.They do have portable toilets which are air conditioned. This was the high point of my brief time spent here!

Yes they have hammocks, but good luck getting one! Bocce courts; no biggie. Overpriced crappy (for the most part) food. Did not see the beer garden, as I was getting claustrophobic and was looking for a way out.
If PHS Pop up Beer Garden, Barcade, and Morgans Pier had a threesome...

I strolled down to SSHP recently while waiting for the Riverlink, and was pleasantly surprised! The hammocks and tailgating games have made this a fun place to hangout in the summer months - a big improvement to what used to be a municipal pier! 

Craft beers start at $6 with cocktails running a little higher. Paired with mouthwatering boardwalk style eats! The park is definitely family friendly during the day! I can't speak too much about the evening patrons but imagine they are far more lively! 

My only complaint is the light show - blinding and tacky! This could have been done in a much more subtle, classy way then those LED light bars reminiscent of a low budget carnival!
This place is definitely photogenic, but when actually there it is somewhat underwhelming. 

Upon entering, we were plagued by sounds of some serious making out going on inside the hammocks. Almost all of the hammocks were occupied with mainly couples and loud drunk folks who were doing some not so great things inside. As a result, this made me very wary about even touching the hammocks, much less sitting inside. 

For the bar, it is lovely outdoor seating overlooking their manmade pond which is beautiful at night. However, because they only card when buying drinks and not just for entering the bar area, there were some young kids walking around. Note to parents - please leave your kids at home when late at night! Not because they are a nuisance, but because the drunk population hanging around SPHP at night is definitely not where you want your kids at 11pm at night.. 

Overall, very pretty at night, but the late night crowd is just not that great.
Went here on Memorial day in the evening. The park itself is very nice especially the pretty lights. It was very crowded so we didn't get to relax in the hammocks. They have a play area for kids which is monitored by the park staff. They also have a tiny arcade. Parking in the lot next to the park is $15. They have beer and wine. A cup of wine was $8 which is typical. We decided to get food from the taco stand which offered three types of tacos at $8 for two tiny tacos. We also got an ice cream sundae from the Franklin fountain at $14 for the largest sundae which was not so large. So in conclusion the park itself is very nice but the overall experience was mediocre. In total we spent around $60 here and in my opinion it wasn't worth it.
I'm happy to see that the city is trying new things and bringing more people to enjoy the town.  The Spruce Street Harbor is great hang out spot especially to sit out by the river.  

Food here is ok, nothing special.  I tried the Veggie burger which was really flavorful but I also got it with bacon to add more flavor to it (I know it defeats the purpose of a veggie burger but I do eat meat, just wanted to try something new).  Overall food was decently priced but the speciality drinks are not so beware.  

Also beware of the ATM fees, it's $3.99 so bring cash if you want to avoid that!  The food vendor at Jose Garcias does accept card.
Great outdoor space to sit and have a drink or eat. They have hammocks out which are fun and cool lights hanging from the trees. There's lots of park associates to get you where you need to go and the park is huge, complete with separate areas and sections for kids and adults. There's a bar and if you can catch a spot by the water or have a picnic there its lovely.
This place is super cool.  Despite the fact that there is no admission price, the grounds are beautifully kept and there are some incredibly cozy public amenities, like life-size board games, hammocks, Adirondack chairs, and tons of tables and chairs.  

Went with my 4 year old on a Sunday night - even the 10pm crowd was appropriate and well behaved.  Very jealous of all the people staying in that Hilton.  We didn't have time to go, but the rides at Penn Landing are close by.  

Ate ice cream at Franklin Ice Cream - super cute presentation and tasty!  I dont think alcohol is allowed.  Parking at the lot was $18 and street parking seems near impossible.
This spot right here? It's incredible. I'd give it ten stars if I could. Picture an outdoor spot, right next to the river, with plenty of place to stroll or bike. Now add colorful lights and banners. String up a bunch of hammocks to lay for as long as you want for free. Throw in some giant sized Jenga, chess, and Connect Four games, and put them in a clean concrete round area where kids can play while you sip lemonade and watch them. Invite best of Philly food trucks, ice cream, paddle boats, and an arcade. And if all that's not enough, kick off your shoes and go relax in chairs or hammocks overlooking the river. Summer in Philly isn't complete until you visit his place. Admission? FREE! You only pay for food (of course) and cruises or paddle boats. I'm going to get my funnel cake right now...
What a nice place to have an evening stroll! Tips: More enjoyable after 8pm, so it's not too hot. Bring cash, you may need it at some truck vendors. Take an Uber rather than driving here; parking is $17-20. Definitely try Philly's best ice cream at the Franklin Fountain food truck (you wont regret it). Have fun, and walk the boardwalk! Beautiful views of the boats!
This place is a dream come true.

The park is gorgeous. While it isn't covered in a large amount of green space, it makes use of its location with entertainment for all ages . SSHP boasts copies of giant Connect Four, giant Jenga, and giant Legos, and there are arcades as well as other attractions scattered throughout the park. It also has fantastic food offerings, including Franklin Fountain, Federal Donuts, Distrito, Chifa, and a beer garden. I've gotten a chance to have the Honey Comb ice cream from Franklin Fountain, the Victory Summer Love ale from the beer garden, and the mini donuts from Federal Donuts. The service at all these pop-up shops was phenomenal, and I had people stopping me and asking me where I got my food.

The atmosphere from the lights makes the park fun and romantic, day or night. You can enjoy the lights and the ambience in hammocks found throughout the park. The only issue is that it is incredibly difficult to score an open one, and often times, people are circling and waiting for you to leave. Many people come to the park for the hammocks, and it can make for an bustling (and at times, frustrated) crowd, especially at night. If you time your visit just right, you'll be a happy camper.

Overall, SSHP is a fantastic place to be. It's definitely worth a visit (or two, or three, or four)!
A nice little refuge in the city. It's located under treetop with sparkling lights strung from above and connected through a sea hammocks. There is a drink shack with a great selection of beers on draft. There are a few food huts lined up along the water for some grub. My favorite is the all-vegetarian HipCityVedge. There's occasionally live music which (at least in non-COVID times) was a fun and intimate experience. Very family friendly. Recommend coming on a nice summer eve for some R+R.
We need more places like this in the city. I was here last night for the first time. It is a very cute park. I love the lights at night hanging from the trees. 

The cons: it is extremely crowded. We walked around for an hour and could not find a place to sit. The food and drink options are lacking and over priced. $3 for a small bottle of diet coke that took 20 minutes to get in line. Only a few beers on tap. The hammocks are a great idea but the hammocks have a closure that you can use for privacy and it looked like a couple had some bumping and grinding going on in one of the hammocks which is so gross. Also expect to pay for nearby parking.
Such a cute spot to come during the summer. It's very family friendly! There is plenty to do and much to eat. There is an arcade room, mini golf, roller skating.. etc. also, there are many good vendors with a variety of items. Good place to come and relax, even better if you can get a hammock.
Only concern is the bathrooms- they're set up in trailers, you cannot be in a stall without touching the door- very little room! Also, in the dead of summer they're almost too hot to tolerate!
So happy they're open during quarantine. My friend & I went last weekend for the first time in 2020 and felt so safe. They did ID checks, reservation checks & you had to wear a face mask at all time. Now to the drinks (what you really care about) we both got mixed drinks & then a frozen. Both yummy, just a little overpriced at $10 each (but I understand). It was open seating when you got there so you were able to pick any seat in the place that accommodated your party. The lighting and ambience were so peaceful. Definitely going back!
Was a pretty cool park, there were a lot of kids and that was overwhelming. I would probably go back later in the day to avoid that, but if you have kids there's a lot for them to do. It's a great place to spend the day but don't eat there, food and drink is way too expensive. The Garces catering company was an incredibly, incredibly, long wait and very expensive. The burger was 10 bucks, was tiny, and just average. The patty was thin and unseasoned, and they were completely unprepared for the large volume of lunch time orders. I could have walked into old city and gone to any number of places to get a real burger and fries for the same amount of money.
This was my first time exploring this area of Penns Landing and I guess I have mixed feelings. The vibe, especially in the evening when the trees light up, is an enjoyable scene. It was almost like being a fairy in a twinkling forest.  There is also plenty of deck chairs (don't forget to get your pic snapped on the giant red one) to sit in as well as benches along the board walk. I was interested in the paddle boats but they weren't running at the time. I did get to experience my mother get on a swing and revert to a child before my very eyes. There were lots of food options but I'd just come from dinner thankfully because everything was way overpriced. Some of my family got alcoholic drinks that ran between 11 and 15 dollars for a medium sized solo cup.

As for those hammocks that other reviewers seem to be so fond of, that would be the equivalent of letting strangers roll around in my bed in their dirty street clothes and then I went and slept in that. No effing way I'd put my body in that and yet they were all full of couples snuggled up in them.  It's a good place to at least experience once.
Love it here! During a weekday, it wasn't overly crowded so we were able to relax in a hammock for a while. We had crab fries and went onto the bulge for drinks, where they had net lounges that hung right over the water; really cool idea! I didn't get a chance to grab some Franklin Fountain but I was excited to see them there because that place also rocks! I like that it wasn't overcrowded with a ton of food places; just a few Philly favorites. It was really great to walk around there during the day. I haven't seen it at night time but based on the lights that we saw hanging, I'm sure it's really cool! Definitely a neat place to hang out on a summer day!
Went here on a whim last night and really enjoyed it! Such a versatile spot. Date night, family time, and even a good hang out for friend or even solo. The lights are beautiful! The beer garden and area to sit on the nets over the water is nice, too. I didn't try out the hammocks because they were all full, but they looked like a good time as well. Will be back before the season closes!
Loved this place. Great place to go with your significant other or a group of friends! They have a little of everything a great water park should have. There is boat rides, hammocks to lay on, games to play and plenty of food trucks and beer.  I highly recommend this place if your stopping in Philly and want a relaxing and fun excursion.
Do you like alcohol, hammocks, food trucks, views, and a good time? Come come come here

It's such a cute place! My personal favorite part is being able to sit on the floating beer garden area. It's also very kid friendly despite my mention of alcohol (they have an arcade and games like Jenna outside). 

Caution, the hammocks might be kind of sweaty lol. Take a picture and evacuate. 

The food is good. Nothing I'm particularly crazy about except for Franklin Fountain  pls stop there if you haven't yet (or if you have too) they are the oldest still running ice cream establishment in America. Their original location is in old city and doesn't take cash and is also really cute but it's nice to be able to use card to buy some Franklins here by the river too. 

If you come here at night, the lights are going to be beaming from the trees against the dark sky which is a cool sight. It's also a short walk from Morgan's Pier if you decide you want to go out out.
I love Spruce Street Harbor Park. It's a fabulous scenery. I enjoy walking by the water and getting funnel cake or stopping by one of the food vendors and enjoying the weather.
This place is adorable and I want to come back again and again. They close late into the evening, and features hammocks (!!!), beautiful lights draping from the trees, fresh breeze from the Delaware River, lots of small children frolicking around the arcade, and just a guaranteed good time.

There's also fenced off areas where you can chill with some BYO chilled wine, just sayin.

Everyone should go here. And take me along!
Boyfriend and I visited on the first day it opened this season and we were pretty excited about the hammocks; I didn't expect one could spend so long lounging in one in public! Food is kind of expensive but it's a tourist spot so can't complain. Besides how initially cute it is when you first arrive, it tends to get old IMO. There could be more unique seating given the traffic they received last year but that's just one of minor qualms I have. Beware of weirdos in the park though: my boyfriend and I brought my friend here since it was her first time visiting Philadelphia and we sat down besides a group of young kids/teenagers/adults/? that were obviously on some substance and one kept flashing around his taser despite security telling him multiple times to put it away... not fun.

TL;DR: this place is cute after the first two visits but then after you spend an hour waiting for a rope lounge, you wonder if it's worth it at this point...
What's not to love about Spruce Street Harbor Park? Its the perfect afternoon and night out. It's simply relaxing grabbing a tasty bite to eat or drink while looking out on the water. You can kayak for a half hour for just $5, ride in a swan boat, play games like baci ball, shuffle board, life size chess and much more. It is great for families with young children as well. The color changing lights at night are so pretty, and music is always playing. I have yet to lay in a hammock because they are always taken! It's kind of fun watching people stand by waiting for others to get up, only to see someone else swoop in from another direction for a hammock they were waiting so intently for. It's okay...grab an ice cream from franklin fountain instead and it will turn your frown upside down :)
I love this place! It's such a great spot to spend a perfect summer evening on the riverfront. There is a floating barge with a "beach" area, a large wooded area with hammocks and really cool lights hanging from the trees, a fountain, and shipping containers made into restaurants and beer vendors. There is a lot to choose from regarding food (Pizza, Burgers, Tacos, Crab Fries, etc) and a pretty decent selection of beer and cocktails as well. There is an arcade as well though I've never gone in. And, did I mention there's REAL bathrooms? 
If you are looking for a place to relax along the water, this place has a little something for everyone. Check it out!
