The SS United States is the third American vessel of that name (1864, 1903), this one the first ocean liner build entirely stateside, the largest of the American breed and the fastest to cross the Atlantic Ocean between New York and England, beginning in 1952. Its 990 feet was only ten feet shorter than the Queen Mary that was its main competition for bragging rights in the maritime world. 

That rusting bucket at Pier 70 on the Delaware River in Philadelphia, was once the pride of our country, with people willingly paying a premium to book passage for the experience of a lifetime. One of its largest investors, the Department of Defense, saw it as a troop transport as it game planned World War III, although it was never used for that. 

Sadly, where the Queen has found a successful retirement in the Port of Long Beach, California, as a major tourist attraction with hotel, restaurants, boutiques and bicycle rental out front, the SSUS has bottomed out in its latest home for two decades unable to find the right combination of capital and brilliance to attain metamorphosis as an attractive destination.

Several developers have tried and failed to move the project forward. One was sallow enough to sell off all the fixtures and furnishings just to pay the dockage fees. Finally, it was taken over by a non profit conservancy, with the mission of saving the ship, raising donations and ultimately finding a beneficial purpose. To date, very little has happened to improve its dire circumstance. 

How the mighty have fallen. What was the epitome of the "Can Do" Golden Age of the American Century, has become a different kind of symbol; much less grand, and more deeply pitiful. 

Where is that indomitable American spirit now? What would it take to bring this hulking giant back to life? Like a sleeping Buddha it rests with the murky Delaware lapping at its rusting hull.
Once the flagship of post-war exuberance, the epitome of mid-century luxury and holder of numerous nautical speed records, the SS United States now floats as an unwanted derelict at pier 42 in Philadelphia. 

Waylaid by the jet age and even grander vessels, the 1,000 foot, 53,000 ton behemoth has been transported around the world for the past 40+ years waiting for a benefactor to restore her to former glory but the cost of rejuvenation is staggering, meaning the old girl will likely be scrapped as her interior has already been completely gutted. 

At this point even the most ambitious investors are daunted by the funding thresholds required to bring this rusting hulk back to life, making a rescue and renovation as a floating casino or high-end hotel highly improbable fantasies.

In 1952 she was the very definition of grace, speed and opulence, in 2020 her memory has largely been expunged as just another grand dame that has simply outlived her fame and purpose. A grand and damn shame. Norma Desmond weeps.
To this day, America's Flagship still holds the record, the Blue Ribband, for the fastest transatlantic crossing. Because of the way she was engineered for possible use as a troop ship, she is still sound and, according to engineers, her hull is still at 95% integrity even though she has been out of service since 1969. She was built entirely in the USA and stood for American pride when she was built in 1952. She is definitely worthy of being saved from the scrap yard! For more information about the ship's history, famous passengers, or the efforts to save her, visit the website for the SS United States Conservancy.
As we were traveling through Philadelphia we were heading into town and everyone in the car gasped when we saw this incredible ship. The first thing that came to mind in seeing this ship was that it looks similar to the Titanic, although there are obviously a ton of differences.

That silly comment aside, this ship, it's history, and the efforts being made to preserve it is incredible. We made it a point to travel out of our way to get as close as we could to this ship so that we could take some amazing photos. 

This was a cool stop while on the road and I hope that eventually this ship can be completely restored.
