I feel like if I don't give my Church 5 stars I may go to hell. 

This is gorgeous on the outside but it's currently covered by scaffolding,  The inside is equally impressive though. It's like an Oasis; You really don't realise that you are in Center City when you step inside.
Now mind you, I've only been to the Saturday 12 noon services in the lower chapel, but I absolutely love it.  Being that it's in Center City on a weekend afternoon, you can imagine the mix of people there... but that is how I like to believe heaven will be. 

They even sing!  That's something generally unheard of for a weekday low mass.  There is a lot of love and devotion, but with out that Holier than thou attitude.  

If you ever wondered what the church that Jesus set out to create was supposed to look like, check out St John the Evangelist.
Amazing architecture, beautiful building, wonderful people.

The people here are all religious but down to earth like another reviewer said. They are devout, yet manage to be not preachy at all. I only wish I could make it to here more often .
Beautiful church and the service was friendly not stuffy. We actually came here and attended Easter mass and we were chosen to bear the gifts to the altar! The environment is relaxed and the parishioners seem down to earth. We are so glad we attended service there.
My once a year visit to this beautiful church for Ash Wednesday Services.  It's in the lower church, and lasts all of 5 minutes around the day for those who cannot stay for a full mass.  I come before work around 7AM or earlier, and it's nice.  Get my ashes, and be on my day.
As the first reviewer indicated there is the fear of giving a church less then five stars.
With that said, I must admit that I absolutely adore this church. My wife and I had our wedding blessed in this church and we also had our son baptized at St. John's.
The church has very diverse parishioners. 
Father Frank and Father David are great.
The building is a little treasure nestled in Center City.
Just a wonderful place for thought and solitude from a busy world.
I can't believe there was such a charming and well-kept church in the heart of the city. My wife and I came to the pre-Christmas mass and were surprised by the large crowd at 8:30am. The priest was fairly interactive and was providing opportunities to donate to the recent tragedies in Indonesia. The overall decor is quite impressive as well, with tall ceilings, stain glass windows and (in my opinion) overly bleached out pillars. The mass was also very efficient and we were on our merry way within the hour. This church is a must visit for anyone who lives in center city!
We attended a wedding there this weekend. An amazingly beautiful church. Father John was very personable and made us feel welcome and at home. The couple had a piano player during the service and the acoustics were fabulous. I have never seen a more beautiful church. If you're in the area, you must visit this church.
great church in heart of center city bussiness distrcit run by The OFM caps they have about 4 masses during the wk   5-15 mass on Mon  Fri beware they sing    i had an aunt a poor clare nun for 73 yrs professed so im part of franscian family
A place to feel God...and connect in order to feel your real self and true strength in faith.
