At 33rd and Oxford Streets at the edge of Strawberry Mansion. $7 for a small bucket, $12 for a large bucket. No pro-shop, no amenities, just balls, and tees from which to hit said balls. 

That said, you hit into grass (versus a field of dirt or turf) with markers at 100, 150, 200, 250, and 300 yard (just in case?). There are approximately 15 tees, all at ground level, about 5 of which are covered. Easy-to-get to location with plenty of parking. Hours in the summer: 9a-9p. Closed Mondays. Only services/food to speak of are at the water-ice place a block away on Cecil B. Moore.
Why are patrons upset with the customer service? You hand the guy cash and he hands you balls to hit. End of story. 

Things the range has:
Mats
Golf balls
Area to hit said golf balls 
Distance markers to measure golf ball distances
Grass
Smokey has done some work to update the facilities. It could be better but the prices are good. Worst thing about this place is different types of balls with the purple paint.



Other places to check out if you live in the city and with a car:

FDR (This place sucks too, but its better than this)
Fox Meadows in Cherry hill (this is 10x better than this place)
Umbria Golf Center in Manayunk (this range is really nice)
Tee's Golfing Center in Conshocken (by far the best driving range in the area)
No major problems with the range itself. Leon the cashier/manager, on the other hand, is a joke. 

I'm going to start out by saying I'm an average player. Shoot high eighties, play golf for fun every few weeks. Most shots are straight with the occasional shank left or right. I'm not an idiot who fools around on the range or the course. Never had a problem at a driving range in twenty years. Until now.

Place is cash only, which isn't a problem.  The range is fine, although on the left hand side, the range tapers towards the center of the range, which isn't a problem unless you have to hit on the mats on the left side of the range. Got the bucket of balls. Plopped my clubs down and started hitting. Nothing abnormal. Three or four balls of my first forty shots went slight left and into the woods. Manager had apparently been watching me from the trailer comes up to me and said, 'Try to aim more for for the middle.' I replied, 'No problem.' Adjusted my positioning a bit and continued. Finished up hitting without any problems. Three or four of my drives hit the fence or bounced into it at dead center of the range. One might have went in the woods.

As I walk up to return my basket, Leon says, 'I don't want you to come back here anymore.' 

I replied, 'Was there a problem with something I did?' 

He stated, 'You were intentionally hitting balls into the woods. I've told you repeatedly when you've been here before to not do that. I want you to go elsewhere.' 

I said, 'You must be mistaken because this is my first time here. Also, I wasn't trying to hit balls into the woods. I had a couple of mishits that went that way, but I wasn't trying to do that. I'll move to the center of the range next time.'

He said, 'No, I don't want you back here. You were doing it intentionally and you have been here before. You can hit the ball straight and you didn't. I've been doing this forty years. You can hit the ball where you want it.'

I finished by saying, 'This is my first time here and you are telling me I intentionally hit your range balls into the woods in my many visits to your range. Since you've been doing this forty years, you should know that if I could hit the ball straight every single shot, I wouldn't have to be out here practicing. The entire point of golf is to hit the ball straight.' 

I left it at that and walked away. Maybe it was senility, but for a manager of a PRACTICE range to accuse someone of intentionally doing something that was not intentional and accusing me of doing this multiple times when this was my first visit was a stupid move. Don't give them business if they're going to be weenies.
Stoney's Driving Range in Fairmount is my go to spot when I'm looking to get out and swing the clubs. I live in Chinatown and love the close proximity of the range to Center City. Quick drive to Strawberry Mansion above the Art Museum and I'm swinging clubs. It's never packed where I have to wait to jump into a tee box. 
No frills, nicely maintained, and beautiful views of Center City from any tee box. 
Stoney is a super nice guy and besides his comedic banter and excellent hospitality, even provides a few tips to improve your swing. 
They also have batting cages there, but I have never taken advantage of them. 
Top notch operation for someone looking for a nice friendly place to get out and swing the clubs.
The bad reviews must come from people who live in Manayunk. This range sits on the edge of Fairmount Park next to a once glorious section of the city. The range is clean and green is well maintained. They offer clubs to use and good rates for buckets. Can't beat the location if you live in the city. The guys who run this spot are gems. If its slow they give free tips and offer very reasonable rates for lessons. You can hit off mats or grass. Right next door is a great disc golf range if your into that sort of thing. Supporting this place of business will help it grow and offer further services.
So you live or work in or around Center city, maybe somewhere in Strawberry Mansion, North Philly, or even East Falls and Roxborough, and you want a cheap, uncrowded place to go drive some balls, with some trees and grass and not just green fence-liners... Where do you go? Why, to the Strawberry Green Driving Range, of course! Note for locals: It was called Longknockers forever (and I must confess that in my heart it always will be). Set up right on the eastern edge of Fairmount Park, now that spring is here the range is a verdant oasis in the middle of much blight. And only 10-15 minutes away, tops, from most of the more western sections of Center, North and Northwest Philly! 

I've read the other reviews. It's not a dump. I don't know what some of them were expecting, but  It's a driving range. A place to rent and hit balls. What more do you need at a range than grass for everything other than drives, turf tee stalls for the babies, yard markers, and a building that rents balls, sells tees, and even has Gatorade and Water for sale on hot days? Strawberry Green has all that, not to mention that they offer lessons upon request and absolutely have established business hours (Mon-Sun 10:30 am - 9 pm). It's a local, informal business, however, with a lot of dead time-- do yourself a favor and don't show up at 10:30 am on the dot and be pissed if the guy doesn't open til 10:45 or 11:00. And don't show up at 8:30 pm and be pissed that he shut down early for the night. It's just a seasonal driving range in the middle of Strawberry Mansion. Also, there are no overheads (no pavilions, no stalls with roofs, whatever you want to call them), so when it's a rainy day they are most likely closed. 

The two reasons I've been futiley but fun-ly working on my game here since my parents forced me to go to the City's Golf Camp when I was 10:
            - Double Bubble Plaster Bucket of Balls! When I started it was like $3. It's only $12 now. Sweet, I tell you...
            - You can bring a six-pack and hit balls all night no problem (as long as you don't act the fool), and most times you've got the place to yourself...
*****special note 4/23: perhaps because it's the beginning of the season or perhaps because the weather was so nice, but regardless, the last week and half or so (before the rain),  the range was very crowded after 5. *****

Prices: 
Chip Shot                  $3
Regular Bucket        $7
Big Driver                $10
Double Bubble       $12

2 pack of tees           $1
Water                          $1
Gatorade                    $2
Your basic driving range.  No putting or chipping area.  Balls are mixed quality.  Take the 32 bus!  Cash only.  Mats with a
Small grass area.
They are not open 7 days a week cause I just drove all the way over there cause it says they're open but guess what.... IT WAS CLOSED AT 1pm on a sunny Sunday afternoon
The only thing this place has going for is that there aren't many people there and it is close to the city. They have some turf mats to hit off, although most of them were missing their tees. Their grass is completely burnt out and useless. It's a shame that they make absolutely no attempt to upkeep the facilities, because I would go there more often.
Is this the Stadium Golf Center in San Diego???  No.
Is this the best place to hit balls in Center City, Philadelphia??? Yes.

Nice mats and yardage markers.  Plus, a majority of the balls are found ProVs and other balls from other courses.  Can't beat that.
I'm not a huge golfer by any means, but this little gem in the heart of the city is great for those who are.  There are weather protected T's and open grass ones as well, plenty of room for all, and the prices are dirt cheap.  Quick trip (3 minutes?) from center city by car, or a quick bus ride, and you're practicing your swing.
I love this place! Went with my coworker and was greeted warmly by the man behind the booth. He even gave me some pointers too.
Legit. This driving range run out of a double wide trailer is inexpensive, casual, and exactly appropriate for those who share my unskilled-but-eager attitude about golf. I am a horrible golfer, am way too impatient to properly hit balls at the range, but my parents are so obsessed with golf that I took lessons as a 12 year old. Yeah. So my golfing legacy has brought me to this moderately sketchy driving range on the edge of Fairmount Park and I wouldn't have it any other way.
There do seem to be a lot of folks who know how to golf and are working on their game, and I am glad there is a driving range where we can all coexist.
Located just outside of center city in the Strawberry Mansion area, Strawberry Green has everything you need for a good driving range: 1) Cheap rates, 2) Plenty of level mats, 3) Grass space for irons/tee work, and 4) A great atmosphere.  

I highly recommend Strawberry Green to both the beginner, and those more experienced.
Just moved to the Fairmount area and my fiancé and I were excited to find a driving range so close to home. When we showed up the range said closed but a few people were still finishing up. My fiancé went in to find out the business hours for future reference. He said to the worker "excuse me just wondering what your hours are?" And the reply from the worker was "what is it with you people? Don't you see the sign that says we are closed?" And proceeded to yell and follow my fiancé out the gate. I'll drive extra time and will be sure to post this review on every site I can.  

By the way, Yelp says the place closes at 9:00 and I'm posting at 8:15
The man who owns this driving range is the nicest man in the world. I wasn't aware that they only accept cash, and didn't have any cash on me when I went. Instead of sending me down the street to get cash, he asked me to just be kind and pay the next time I came. This is honesty the perfect place to go hit balls. It's all you need and it's not expensive at all. They sell water and Gatorade there too. And it's a beautiful view of the city skyline.
Great older guys run this parkside driving range. Green open space with good markers. Well kept. The people who work there love to help people. Old men offer tips you would pay 80 dollars an hour to a PGA pro. The Best city range!!!
Love this place. Nice gentleman who runs it, nice skyline view, well maintained, BYOB friendly. Can hit on grass and it looks like there are some new mats, always plenty of adirondack chairs and they've had a couple canopies out recently too which is nice to have a bit of shade on a hot day. I usually get the 'Big Bucket' which is $11 for like 100ish balls.. and inevitably when I finally find my groove around ball 80 I'm all like "why couldn't I do that the whole time?!" and end up needing to get the $4 'Chip Shot' small bucket (and a $2 gatorade) 

After living in Fairmount for 5 years I recently moved to South Philly/East Passyunk and, save for one regrettable trip to FDR's range, I still gladly make the trip up to Strawberry Green regularly
Worst cust service in the world.   No  I mean the universe !
The man running the place is mentally ILL. Seriously. I would not be surprised if he committed an act of violence  towards a patron for maybe. Doing something slightly out of line.    Like not knowing to bring cash.  Or hitting a golf ball into the woods by mistake.   Or hitting their own golf ball. Etc   He is disturbed.  And should be in an institution   Golf is supposed to be enjoyable and fun. And teach manners integrity.  All the good stuff 
I think this guys name is Leon    Stay away from this place  awful ! Do not patronize.   Boycott
Not a nice range, but close to the city and gets the job done. The owner is an asshole but unfortunately the convenience wins so I come back.
Theyre closed until 4/2021. Wish they wouldve updated their yelp to say this before i wasted $20 in uber to get there
Cash only! Basic driving range, plenty of room. Gets the job done and is easy to drive there and park on the street.
