The other employee (Not Chris) is a piece of garbage. The customer service here is at the bottom and very unprofessional. I came here on 3/4/16 to try to sell some sneakers which I had no clue that they were fake and the employee just started cursing me out for no apparent reason. I'm an honest person and I never try to scam someone. If anything, I got scammed for buying fake shoes believing they were real. The employee was very unprofessional and shouldn't even work here. How could you hire someone that has curses a customer out? If you want better customer service and prices go to RE-UP Philly. Their customer service was much more friendlier. I don't work for RE-UP. They just know how to treat their customers better then this so-called "sneaker store". Don't come here if you're trying to sell or buy sneakers because most likely they will just curse you out and be ahole's.
The customer service here was trash when I came in on 12/17/15. Most of the shoes had no prices tagged. They never asked if I needed help or asked what I was looking for. I was an invisible customer while they were taking pics of some weak sb's and dunks. I guess that's more important than helping a customer in store. I probably would've bought something had they been a little more attentive and helpful. While at RE-UP Philly the dude stopped what he was doing and came around the counter to chop it up about some kicks and made sure I was taken care of. No I do not work for RE-UP, I just thought their customer service was much better than Suplex by far.
Everybody here is really friendly. I've only visited twice. They have a large selection is sneakers which is really great. 

Unfortunately not many in my size, so I can never partake in the buying. 

I will stop back in again on a Philly trip and hopefully to buy something.
Don't go to Suplex philadelphia, the guys that work there are very unprofessional and are major jerks on top of that. I got my Air Max Express custom at Suplex Philadelphia and the guy that did my custom ruined my kicks by using the wrong dye and paint,  I brought it to their attention when I returned to their store so that the guy could fix the problem and the one fat guy that work there told me "No offense but I don't care less because I didn't get paid for it"  So when I came back to their store to check up on my kicks, me and the same dude got into a heated argument when I try to explain how I was a offend by how he treated days before. This guy started yelling at me saying "He doesn't give a shit about my kick"  he called me a dickhead then his co-worker came out and instead of correcting the situation, he came out just to tell me "Get the fuck from in front his store"  and how "he was getting money regardless." This guy waited til I walked off to scream "Fuck you"  call me and pussy and a fag broad day on South Street. I have never been so disrespected by a so called business owner especially when I approached them calmly giving the situation. I do not suggest ANYONE SHOP AT SUPLEX PHILADELPHIA, first off their shoes are marked up by 20 to 40% for all that you might as well go to SneakerVilla to stores down to buy the same kicks at retail price for better customer service.
Store was pretty light on inventory and mad kids were running around when I came in. Owners were sitting in the back and nobody said anything to me the whole time I was there. I had gear to off but after seeing how they inspected my mans retro 3s before offering him below retail was near insulting, I'll take my business elsewhere. Prices are inflated but it's South street so it's to be expected. Reminds me of a pawn shop forreal.
Sure, they have all the hype sneakers , but zero customer service . I've been in maybe 6 times . One visit was for about 15 minutes . There's about 5 people working there , but I've never been greeted , not a hello , looking for anything in particular ? If they just want a place to hang out in, maybe just stick to a webs store . Speaking of that , stockx and goat are cheaper , so save the hassle and disrespect and order from your phone.
Great place to buy vintage sneaks, atmosphere is tight and the team wants to make sure you are in the right kicks
Great store with awesome selection of throwbacks!!!! We happened upon the store on our trip to the city from Atlanta and my 15 year old almost had a stroke when he walked in. I highly recommend if your looking for those hard to find kicks.
Their staff is incredibly friendly, and they helped me legit check a pair of sneakers! Highly recommend checking out their spot!
Five stars for the nice selection, layout and dollar shoe game. The merchandise is meticulously kept. 

Zero stars for the rest. It's not a user friendly store. Folks were drinking liquor brown bag out of the bottle and it smelled of weed. That's all fine by me but it makes for an intimidating experience when you're with your kids. My son could have bought any of the overpriced merch he wanted but left because he was uncomfortable and intimidated by the way the dude running the joint was treating customers. You can buy the same stuff online for less money and less bullshit and I'd recommend that route.
Suplex is the best consignment store ever! Best prices in philly & they have the best customer service! Staff is extremely nice and helpful and hooked me up with an awesome price! Thanks again guys! Come here!!!
Suplex is like family! Love it there! Every time I'm in there I'm greeted as if I was visiting my family. Great shoes, good prices! Awesome atmosphere...has a more high end look to it then these other sneaker "boutiques". But if you're in philly and love sneakers go see my guys at Suplex! And tell them "Prep" sent you.
These guys are great. Did a legit check for me on a pair of yeezys and saved me from being scammed. Highly recommend it here.
I'm a sneakerhead so i think I know my stuff when it comes to kicks.  I'm not from Philly but this place reminds me of flight club and stadium goods in NYC. Prices seem fair and ample inventory of Jordan's, dunks, foams. Staff seem knowledgeable. I have yet to purchase anything but always stop by when I'm in Philly.
Probably the most disrespectful store when it comes to consignment sellers, offering ignorantly low offers for high quality products and they don't even always honor first come first serve either when it comes to selling their products
