The best food-related thing that happened to me in 2019 was that when I tried to book dinner at Philadelphia's award-winning Zahav Restaurant, the place was unable to accommodate my request.

My dining companion, a local Philadelphian, suggested that we try Suraya, a Lebanese restaurant well-regarded by Philly's food press. Though I was skeptical of Suraya's newness and trendy popularity, I am a sucker for good Lebanese cooking, so I booked a reservation.

As a result, I enjoyed the best meal I've eaten in years. Thanks, Zahav.

[n.b. I'm about to sound ensorceled by Suraya's charms, so to maintain some credibility, here's my single complaint: Suraya's cardamom-scented kouign-amann was good, but not as good as one I had earlier that day at ICI Macarons & Cafe. That's it. That's all I've got.]

**********
Our meal began at Suraya's tidy bar, where, on the recommendation of our barman, Jesse, we ordered Old-Fashioneds made with Sazerac Rye. Mine was the smoothest and most elegant Old-Fashioned I've ever tasted. Jesse is a boss.

My buddy and I had arrived with a plan in mind. The flexibility of Suraya's tasting menu and the range of choices it offered appealed to us, and we'd already made our selections.

But then we were shown to our table, a perch set slightly above the main floor that provided a view of the open kitchen, where a wood-burning oven was cooking the dinner I didn't know I wanted.

As she took our order, our server, Nena, asked if I'd like the special: slow-roasted young goat with stewed chick peas, Swiss chard, garlic and cilantro, finished with crispy shallots, lemon yogurt and goat jus.

Are you kidding me?

Does a stranded man long for his lover's embrace? Do birds enjoy a light thermal lift as they cross the sea? And, speaking of birds, do Eagles fans revel as Tom Brady slips into aged decrepitude?

The answers, of course, are "yes," "yes,"  and "Hell, yes!" 

I thanked Nena and asked, "May I please have the goat as a part of the tasting menu?" She said, "Sure," then left for the kitchen.

Soon, Nena brought our mezza, then these things happened:

- Substantial but light and slightly lemony hummus that reminded me of the hummus my Teta made by hand, fifty years ago

- Baba ganoush, whose charred eggplant was seasoned with tehina, lemon, garlic and a special treat: sweet and smokey urfa biber chili

- Muhammara, a smooth spread of roasted red pepper and pulverized walnuts blended with chili and cumin 'til it was dense and rich, like pesto, but spicier and more appetizing 

- Labneh, an Arab dairy respite from smoke and spice, a purpose served in other cuisines by lassi, tzatziki and kefir
 
- Tabouli, a usual hearty and cooling salad of parsley, cucumber, tomato, scallion and mint, made unusual by a tart drop of pomegranate molasses

Nena, a skilled and personable server, was unstoppable, as was the mezza, which also included: fried kibbeh (beef and bulgur "dumplings" stuffed with raisins & pine nuts); fattoush (another salad, dressed with lemon-pomegranate vinaigrette); and baskets of fresh-baked Arab bread or "khubz" that was just-chewy, tender and good enough to eat on its own, all night long.

**********
Here's how to eat at Suraya: bite, savor, look around, order more, take a different bite, chat, sip, then do it all again.

Dining at a Lebanese table is a creative endeavor that requires one to engage; "What should I taste next? How would this taste if combined with that?" We're also asked to appreciate the art on the plate; not gratuitous "look-what-I-can-do" decoration, but actual food, placed in such a way that the eater is enticed not to gush and take photos, but to eat.

By now, seven stellar dishes into the evening, I'd abandoned my usual pessimistic expectations. I was persuaded to trust Suraya's chef and his cooks to respectfully interpret recipes handed down by the owners' grandmother - the eponymous Suraya - and developed in consultation with her daughter, Maude.

It was clear that they weren't trying to improve (or, despicably, to "reimagine") Suraya's food in some Millennial way, but were instead doing as they'd been taught, then ever-so-slightly tweaking, using best-quality and authentic ingredients that took their food from what one might find at home to dishes one might find in the best hotels along Beirut's Corniche.

**********
For his main course, or "mashawi" - a rough equivalent to the Italian "secondo" - my friend ordered kawarma - Suraya's grilled and slow-roasted lamb, which was rubbed with "baharat," a mixture of black pepper, allspice, cardamom and other savory spices.

I tasted his meal, which was delectable. Then I savored my own fork-tender, succulent, almost buttery portion of goat ribs and loin. I'm embarrassed to say that I gloated as I announced that my plate won the evening.

Finally, as a bonus, Suraya only offers roasted goat every few weeks - ten orders per night - and by coming across it when I did, I lucked out. 

So really; thanks again, Zahav.
The one thing I will say about Suraya is the layout is absolutely beautiful and well thought out. The front is more like a chill cafe for casuals which blends into the main dining area for both casuals and some fine dining without seeming like their trying to hard. 
The decor of Suraya reminds me of the one friend with the one Aunt /Uncle with old money that no one in the family actually knows what they do for a living, but damn can they throw a chill gathering with good food and good vibes. 
The food itself is pretty solid and more portions than I expected. 
The only thing I did expect was a lot more flavor, but it just wasn't all the way there. Not that the food wasn't amazing, but I didn't day dream about it as much as I daydreamed about the decor.
We ordered the mushroom hummus which was the best item of the bunch. Full of flavor and nice big portion of it. The falafel wrap was what you would expect. A wrap. 
I will surely be back to Suraya to try the cafe side next time out of pure curiosity, especially since they have a kid menu.
Obsessed!! Not only with the insanely gorgeous space that showcases impeccable attention to detail and so many stunning ways to honor and highlight the culture... in the decor, market goods and dish-ware, but with the food too. And I haven't even tried half of the traditional Lebanese offerings! 

 I'm going to go bold here and say Suraya dishes up the best falafel I've ever had...and I've eaten falafel in the Middle East! It's pretty darn fantastic!! Unbelievable, actually. Crispy fried golden exterior, perfect warm interior. Perfect crunch to soft ratio. So incredibly delish! If you want to save the carbs or just eat a smidge lighter, go for the balls themselves, and not the platter. Not listed, just ask! 

To date, I've tried two of their hummus flavors... the mushroom and the crispy chickpea. They're both uber creamy, totally flavorful, loaded with toppings, and just excellent. Up there as my second favorite hummus in ALL of Philly! 

I've also tried their baba ganoush complete with pomegranate seeds! What a lovely, crunchy, colorful addition to the dish. This smoked eggplant dip has just the right amount of smokiness and garlic! Great texture too! 

Their rosewater lemonade is just beautiful and refreshing. I absolutely love it! Tart and sweet. A must! 

The clementine ginger beer with cardamom served in a copper mule mug is also fantastic! 

The beet salad, and Man'oushe (Lebanse flatbread) are up for me next! Oh, and the tehina hot chocolate! Yessss!! 

Make sure to leave some time to walk around the entire space. It's just gorgeous! The cafe is super sweet with fresh deep jewel tone blooms on each table and bright light shining through the big windows. The bar is gorgeous and inviting. The dining room is spacious and candle-lit, and the back porch will transport you to another country!! I can't wait until it's officially open back there! I'm in love with the patterned pillows, wrap around bench, wood-burning fireplace and tiled floor!! Oh, and definitely take a peek at the goods for sale. Most of them, if not all, are straight from Lebanon. Spices, oils, body goods, and textiles too! It's like perusing a shuk! 

The only things that bum me out are the fact that they're closed on Mondays. There have been several, several Mondays I've wanted to go. Also, the fact that they don't take ressies for brunch. I really wanted to bring my mom and our fam here for Mother's Day. Perhaps a dinner soon will be better? Those cocktails and even the Lebanese beer are calling my name. I hear Open Table is starting to accept reservations for that time frame!

I cannot say enough good things about Suraya!! It's such a pleasure for all the senses to dine here. I'm so in love! I heard 'Suraya' is the name of the owner's grandmother. They are certainly making her proud. 

I honestly can't see me ever tiring of this gem! It's really worthy of all of the hype it's receiving!

*There's street parking which is easy to find during the day, but also an entire lot across the street!
What a beautiful addition to the Fishtown neighborhood! 

Ive been dying to get into Suraya since I heard of the opening and it did not disappoint. A wonderful collaboration between Root owners Greg Root, chef Nick Kennedy and Cafe La Maude owner Nathalie Richan. 

The decor is a Mediterranean dream. Tiled floors, glass lanterns, and neatly stacked shelves of unique scrumptious foods. As you walk in you feel transported to Eastern Mediterranean without the pricey airfare.

My husband and I stopped in for a working lunch. This is a great place to get work done. Lots of natural light and not too noisy.

We started with cappuccinos and the Za'atar + Cheese with an added egg. A delicious pita with 1/2 melty cheese and 1/2 spice with egg. It was heavenly. You can fold in half and eat or rip pieces of the pita off and dip. The cappuccino was so good I had another breaking my cardinal rule of caffeine. 

I can not wait for this city to thaw so I can bask in some sunshine in the outdoor garden area. You will see several check ins at this spot. My new favorite!
I wasn't sure what to expect with Suraya but I absolutely loved everything about it! I'm a fan of the order at the counter, get your number and find your own seat style of dining. Maybe not for every meal, but for lunch or brunch, I'm totally down. 

Suraya was incredibly beautiful, as expected. I love Root and Cafe La Maude so was not surprised that these two wonderful businesses combined to make for one lovely offspring. 

In our haste to try a medley of items, I completely dropped the ball and forgot to order a side of fries. Who even am I? Next time, for sure. Things we did try: crispy chickpea hummous (perfection), cheese/tomato/onion/long hot/parsley man'oush (very good but I'd recommend sharing along with other items so you have a wider variety of flavors), and the kafta kabab (my partner hogged it and I only got a small bite but it was awesome!). 

My man loved his clementine ginger soda and my orange blossom iced tea was nice as well. 

The only thing that bums me out is that Suraya is all the way across town from where I live. How come Fishtown gets all the nice things?! I am looking forward to making the trek again when dinner is added to the mix. Suraya is worth the trip.
Great service, very expensive and most of the items we ordered were too salty for my pallet. I gave my main course to my doorman - practically untouched. I gave it four stars but I won't be going back b/c everything was way too salty. 

We ordered the tasting menu and were stuffed by the end of 1st course. It was fun tasting everything. We chose for our main courses the poussin and the lamb roast. Neither of us liked our choices. The desserts were fun but I'm not a lemon curd person and both desserts were very lemon-centric. We both ordered blood orange vodka cocktails-solid choice. 

Atmosphere was noisy but fun. Go there for drinks and app's but unless you like very salty food, skip the tasting menu.
I think I stop in at least twice a week since this place has opened its doors.

Reminds you of Root the second you step in. Funky decor with a mad men feel and a super welcoming vibe. The staff is overly friendly and the place has an overall great vibe. 

So nice to have Stumptown in the area. The croissant I had was hands down the best one I've ever had in my life. I have no idea how they made this but it was so delicious sweet with honey and perfect crispy -- make sure to try it!

The Herb Falafel ($10) is very different and a bigger portion then you'd expect. The pickles on it were out of this world mixed with Tarator not to mention their perfectly baked pita wraps. Tried the spiced French fries as a side ($5) big portion but over priced and a LOT of seasoning but still something different and a nice addition to the side. Can't wait to come back and try the hummus platter everyone around me had. 

They are still working on the outside but it looks beautiful with a fireplace and tons of room for the springtime. It might be a little pricey so coffee shop items but the decor and atmosphere make this place top notch... can't really get anything else like this on Frankford.
This is a review for Brunch only - my suggestion would be to come back for dinner, based on what the other reviews say!  

Since Suraya opened its doors, my hubby and I have been dying to check it out - the buzz and word of mouth about the place have been nothing short of spectacular.  Needless to say, I was expecting GREAT things from Suraya when we came on a cold rainy Saturday for brunch with our friends (having made reservations about a month prior)!

Walking in, the decor is absolute perfection - the floor tiles are beautiful and ornate, the walls are adorned with tiles and artwork, and the light fixtures and furniture complete the ambiance for an intimate minimalist design with middle eastern accents and a very welcoming vibe.  There's a long gorgeous bar in the restaurant, where it seems you can order drinks and food, if you're lucky enough to snag a stool.  There's a coffee shop of sorts when you first walk through the doors - it has takeaway service, and assortments of pastries and small plates you can order to go, or to casually nosh at the few tables in the sun filled atrium.  The walls in this space are lined with shelves, proudly displaying cookbooks, spices (zaatar!), and various specialty items including jams, chocolates, teas, and more.  The prices seemed honest for the product and we almost purchased a couple things!

We had reservations (a must), but there was still about a 10 minute wait while they readied our table.  The waiting area is large and comfortable, so thankfully we weren't hovering over someone else' table while they ate. 

Finally seated, we checked out the menu, and we all promptly ordered the mimosa.  This is no ordinary mimosa - which I usually find too sweet.  This is apricot, cardamom, and brut champagne - closer to a bellini if I'm being honest.  The addition of the cardamom transformed my favorite breakfast drink (the bellini) to new heights - the sweetness was cut, and the bite from the champagne was tempered down -  this is my new favorite drink!  I'm not even ashamed to say I had two! #brunching

Our friends had been here before, and suggested a lot of our menu choices.  If we ever come back, I probably would order slightly different, but it was fun to try new things! 

We ordered a few things and shared many of the plates -
:: Hummus with slow roasted lamb (served with mint, baharat) - delicious. The hummus was creamy and delicious, the addition of the lamb added a savory, almost crunchy kick to the dish - yum!  A solid starter.
:: Beet Salad: (dandelion greens, herbs, tarator, grapefruit, cashew dukkah).  We saw this on someone else's table, and it looked delicious so we decided to give it a try.  It was refreshing, zesty, and tart.  The first couple bites were delicious, but glad we shared this 4 ways, because after a while it was a bit too overpowering on the palate.
:: Man'oushe with Za'atar, tomato, onion, and an egg - i ordered this at the urging our our friends, they were thrilled with it the last time we ordered.  A Man'oushe is a Lebanese flatbread.  It was very simple, and slightly underwhelming in my opinion, pretty bland and unexciting - this was one dish I could have done without.
:: Kafta Kebab: (Lebanese ground beef, hummus, French fries, onion, sumac, parsley).  My other half ordered this, and I ended up eating some of it.  The Kafta was really beautifully seasoned and prepared, however the wrap was very heavy and stick-to-the-roof-of-your-mouth.  I put some of the dandelion greens inside the wrap, which helped.  I think this could use some brightening up with fresh tomatoes, pickled onions, or some greens.  The meat was great though!

Overall, the restaurant is beautiful, the service is awesome, and I LOVE that the Philly food scene is main streaming middle eastern/mediterranean/Lebanese food.  I think the brunch menu is slightly underwhelming, and found myself thinking about some of our other favorite spots in the city.  I'll definitely be back for dinner to check out more of the menu (and maybe order that mimosa again!?), but wouldn't suggest brunch as the best way to check out Suraya.
2 dots: The difference between complete and incomplete. Suraya might have 3 bells from Craig Laban, but to get there it first needed 2 dots.

March 2018: I stood in front of the sign and stared at it for a while. Shaking my head I asked the manager: "You do know your name is missing 2 dots. Right?" He looked surprised. I continued: "In Arabic. You are missing 2 dots to make the name Suraya. Why would you even have a sign up in a foreign language when it's not complete?" He shook his head with embarrassment: "the guy went on vacation. We expect to complete the sign soon"

 I didn't let it go - because to me if you don't care about your name, what signal are you sending about how much pride you have in who you are (and attention to detail)? 

Then, Suraya was a perfectly capable cafe. Their rose cruller was one of the best versions I've had. Light. Almost Ethereal. I loved the aesthetics of Turmeric Latte, and the Kouign Amann had a pleasing flourish from the cardamom. But, the lunch menu revolving around different Man'oushe and Hummus was underwhelming.

Fast forward to January 2019, and Suraya has been rated as 'restaurant of the year' by Philly's premier food critic, Craig Laban. It's a gorgeous space. Huge and tastefully decorated with sophistication. It's always jam packed. Even on a weeknight, you have a wait list at 8:30 pm.

Dinner is excellent. While Middle Eastern, you see the flourishes of a Lebanese restaurant that distinguish it from the Israeli flavors at Zahav (which I adore). What I have appreciated most at Suraya is the dexterity with which spices (Baharat mix, cumin, paprika, Jalapeño / Aleppo pepper, etc.) are used. Most effectively in the ubiquitous appetizer, Batata Harra (crispy potatoes, lemon, garlic, long hots, cilantro). I've had this appetizer all around the world, and Suraya has one of my favorite versions! Salud!! The other appetizer I've loved is the one with chicken livers with a perfect balance of sour (pomegranate) and sweet (molasses) and citrus (lemon). Also good: Fatteh (warm chickpeas and eggplant) and the Fattouch (vegetables with pita with an excellent lemon pomegranate vinaigrette).

Of the entrees, the one I've liked most is the Halabi Kabab (lamb kabab with muhammara, coriander, chilli peppers, paprika) followed by the Whole Grilled Poussin (with charred potatoes, garlic, lemon, thyme, sumac) but I was disappointed with the minimal garlic in Toum. Also liked the Abu Sayf (grilled wild bass Kabab). The light, airy, warm, freshly baked pita is a welcome way to clean up your plate.

I didn't care much for the freshly baked Kanafeh. There was a lot new at work at Suraya in terms of the Kaak (warm sesame bread) and the separately provided (too subtle) rose blossom syrup. But, in trying to achieve the balance - in a dessert that can tip over the scales to being too rich - I think they've over-compensated. The cheese filling was a tad salty and while that works well with sugar, given that the Kataifi wasn't sweet enough, I was blown away. Instead, my favorite dessert is the Banana Tehina Shamandar. Intricately layered. You need to push the spoon right down to capture all the layers and nuances of texture and flavor. The Turkish floss adorns the chantilly cream like a hat of cotton candy and paired with an ice cream of charred bananas and an accent from candied beets, it's the best ice cream sundae I've had in a long time. I know my desserts. There is nothing over-the-top here. Just perfectly executed complexity. Nothing warms my cynical heart like a perfectly executed dessert. Suraya has a winner here. Not sure why it's #3 on the dessert list...

So, why not 5 stars? Some execution issues, but they can be expected given the scale of ambition for a restaurant this size, especially for Philly. The biggest disappointment is the pricing for the tasting menu. At $58, there's no value to over-eating while getting no price benefit from aggregating menu items. This, price-value, is where Zahav comes to mind, as it offers a lot of food at a cheaper total cost when aggregating individual items. On the other hand, a meal at Suraya costs you $80-90 (30% pricier) including taxes and tip (with just one drink). That's pricey for Philly... Nevertheless, Suraya is very impressive. (4.5 stars).
Simply amazing is all I want to say, but I figure you would like a little more in why Suraya is "Simply Amazing".  Well I tell you what my Yelp family, I'm going to do something out of the ordinary. I'm leaving this review just like that , "Simply Amazing". 

 I highly recommend you get in there if you haven't already and just indulge in a dish that will have your taste buds go crazy with those flavors hitting you from every angle.  

You're welcome. 

-Nando
The food is delicious and consistent every visit! To celebrate my birthday, I made a reservation for four at Suraya. When we arrived for our 7:30 PM reservation, we were able to grab one of the last parking spots in the lot. We realized the back entrance (that had been the only entrance for most of COVID) is now closed. 

We made our way to the main entrance and were greeted by a host. After sharing my information, the host walked away but glanced back at us and gave me a pretty strange look up and down. My sister asked if I had noticed, and of course I did. I felt like I was put under a microscope, I've never been made to feel so uncomfortable in a restaurant. This was a bizarre experience that was very different from my past two experiences with the staff at Suraya, so I decided to move on and ignore it, however this is the reason my review is 4 stars and not 5.

Once we were seated, our server had water and menus on the table. I was sad to see that the Steak Kababs were no longer on the menu, this was my favorite main dish at Suraya. We ordered the Baba Ganoush, Muhammara, Batata Harra, and Fatteh to start. Each dish was better than the last. The Fatteh was a favorite for everyone at the table, which included two very picky eaters. The Batata Harra is so crispy and has a tolerable spice level. For our mains, we had the Dry Aged Ribeye and Abu Sayf Halibut Kebabs. Both were phenomenal. The Ribeye came with great veggie and dip sides, including the hummous. Our server was very attentive, and kept the pita flowing throughout the meal. 

We were all very happy and very full when it was time to leave. When the weather is nicer, the outdoor garden seating area is not to be missed. It is gorgeous. On Fridays and Saturdays, all guests must order the Chef's Tasting menu.
On my - I love this place. 

1) order anything that has lamb, anything 
2) always ask for more fresh pita 
3) get a fancy cocktail
4) lovely date place with wonderful outdoor seating... get reservations!!! 

The only thing to note is you order and pay via an app, all good and u still have waiter service but it gets cumbersome if u want to keep ordering. 

I recommend for a date night or a group date out with friends. 

Omg - I'm hungry thinking about this place.
Shout out to Sari Marissa G. and other Yelpers who recommended this amazing place. This place really lives up to all the hype. My wife ,daughter ,and I really enjoyed our lunch experience here today.          They have a large parking lot which is free in the back,in warmer weather you can access the restaurant through the outdoor seating area, but in winter months this area is closed and you need to walk around the corner to the front on Frankford Avenue to get in. 
     The decor is lovely. The entrance has a take-out area for coffee,tea and pastries along with a section selling various Lebanese goodies and cookbooks they also have a selection of handmade dishes that are used in the restaurant for sale. 
       There is a large bar area with plenty of seating and an open kitchen where you can watch all the delicious food being prepared. 
         Speaking of delicious food, we started off with appetizers, the Slow Roasted Lamb Hummus with mint and Baharat spice could not have been better. The Hummus was creamy and the lamb tender and full of flavor. We also asked for Fattouch which was not on the lunch menu which was prepared for us anyway. The salad of chopped tee vegetables with toasted pita was dressed with a lemon pomegranate vinaigrette with lots of juicy pomegranate chunks. 
        My daughter ordered the Shish Taouk Sandwich which contained yogurt marinated chicken. It came with a side of spiced French fries. I tasted some and the flavor combination with the pickles was soo good. 
       My Herb Falafel sandwich was also perfect, it also had the pickled vegetables with tarator spice and parsley. The Falafel was perfectly cooked, crunchy on the outside and creamy on the inside. 
         I ordered the Cashew Dikkah Egg. It was a poached egged covered in ground cashews with several spices. It was interesting but I don't think I would order it again. 
          Everyone shared The Za'atar Pizza with tomato and pronounced it delicious. There was enough to take home along with extras of the excellent pita bread. 
            Even though we were all quite full we saved room for dessert. We all loved the Cruller with Rose and Pistachio coating. It was moist and light. The Kouign Amann was made with Green Cardamom and had a crunchy candy like top. The Lebanese Chai Latte was the best version I have ever had. It was presented in a beautiful hand made mug that I wish they sold in their storefront shop. It was super creamy and topped with rose petals. My daughter had the Tehina Hot Chocolate topped with cotton candy. 
       This will be a frequent stop for my family. If you have not tried it please stop in. You will not regret it.
Having been to Suraya when it first opened and seeing it now, you can notice how this popular restaurant continues to evolve.  The critical and popular acclaim have been very positive for this Lebanese restaurant in Fishtown and it frequently is listed among the top eateries of Philly. In many ways it deserves all this applause.  It is an attractive place with five distinct eating & drinking areas - a café, a bar, a dining room, a cute rear dining space, and a large outdoor garden café. As soon as you step into Suraya there's a buzz and it's a buzz in a nice way as despite the crowds, you can still hear your dining partner.

The menu is large and I have tried so little but what I have tried is good but not outstanding.  At a recent lunch here I ordered one of their man'ouches (flatbreads) topped with Kishik, tomato, and onion (although I didn't see or taste the onion).  I'm going to be honest, Manakeesh in West Philly serves up a much tastier man'ouche than the one I was served at Suraya which just didn't have a lot of flavor or substance. The cashew Dukkah egg on the other hand was perfectly done and full of flavor. My waiter was excellent - water was refilled twice without asking and he checked in to see if I needed anything else.

Now a couple of notes: 

An egg is one of the few things I eat with salt.  Asking for salt here is a big production as they have to go to the open kitchen and put an order in for it (I actually watched my waiter) and about 5 minutes later someone else will deliver a small open container of salt to you.  That to me is a little silly.

Second note - I reserved via Open Table and even mentioned that fact when I checked in on time.  During the meal, I got an email from Open Table that the restaurant had reported me as a no-show. Open Table added a lecture paragraph on the importance of honoring reservations to me.  I showed this to the two people working at the host stand on the way out. One of them had clicked me as a no-show to Open Table but both claimed they didn't and didn't know why they had not checked me in.  I contacted Open Table and they did get it corrected.  Suraya needs a system to insure people are checked in when they reserve through Open Table.
The perfect meal. Seriously. My friends and I dined at Suraya on a rainy Tuesday. There is a free parking lot directly behind Suraya that made parking a breeze. The restaurant is self is surprisingly large with ornate decorations that contribute to the ambience. 

We decided to go for the tasting menu which is $58 per person. I think this is a great choice if you have never dined at Suraya before or aren't familiar wIth Lebanese food. It includes a variety of dips to pair with the house made pita. These dips/spreads can be used on various other courses over the evening. My personal favorite was the labneh which is a yogurt based spread; it is rich and creamy with a unique flavor. The baba ganoush was also excellent. Each person then chooses another "mezza" (appetizer)--definitely an advantage of dining with a larger group here as you get to try more! My favorite was the fatteh which is a chickpea dish. This is honestly incredible with both sweet and savory flavors. 

For an entree, I chose the kawarama. Entrees are smaller serving sizes but considering how much you will have eaten by the time the entree comes out, it's the perfect size. My kawarma was cooked perfectly and paired well with the dill yogurt and pomegranate salad it was served with.  The final part of the meal was dessert. At this point, I was really full but still managed to enjoy the kanafeh which was a cheese based dessert. This is a bit rich to end with, but the flavors are perfect. It took us almost three hours to dine at Suraya which makes it the ideal spot for a special occasion or to catch up with friends!
So I came here for dinner with some friends a bit skeptical knowing the hype that's around this place (and knowing a lot of the time the hype is a bit overrated). Butttttt, Suraya is the REAL DEAL! As for logistics, I would 100% recommend a reservation. We had a res for 5 PM on a Saturday and there were already a bunch of people waiting when we walked in at 4:50 PM. 

Service was excellent the whole time. We were seated right away. Water was full the whole time. Our server was attentive but not hovering. She was super sweet and made great recommendations for us first-timers. 

Now for the food... everything was AMAZING! We ordered some drinks (a beer and the Poet, a gin drink). Both were great. For apps, we got the baba ghanoush, labneh, crispy potatoes, and sumac fries. For entrees, our meat eating friend ordered the lamb kebabs and loved them. My only gripe is that there were no vegetarian entrees available on the menu. The chef was able to prepare an eggplant dish that I believe is from their tasting menu -- this was the only dish that wasn't a hit for me. I won't ding a star for this because they were accommodating and able to prepare a vegetarian entree.

Overall, I know I'll definitely be back! I'm hoping to come for brunch and try that amazing cruller I'm always seeing.
This place has been on my radar for some time and it did not disappoint!

I made a brunch reservation via OpenTable and was glad I did! When I got there, a crowd of walk-in patrons had developed deep waiting for a table to open up. I arrived 10 minutes early for my 1:45PM reservation and it was just about ready. While waiting, I had a chance to look around their "market" area at the front end of the restaurant. Their market section is full of great treasures, including their signature cookbook, all sorts of spreads and spices, and a full coffee bar! 

The motif inside is hip, trendy, Middle East breezy. There's intricate tile work interspersed with light colors in  an open concept layout. The place fits well in the Fishtown neighborhood - upscale and relaxed without trying. 

We were seated towards the front middle which was a nice area to catch waiters without having to hail them from an inside corner and it gave us a good view to people watch. 

The menu is full of veggie friendly items, and I took full advantage - ordering a flat bread with cheese, veggies (including the Philly staple "long hots"), over a light tahini sauce. I also ordered their Lebanese chai on ice with almond milk - refreshing (a little sweet but it balanced my savory dish well.) The portions were perfect - nothing on the plate left and I felt satiated but not induced in a food coma. 

A note, there is parking on site! That being said, the lot was under construction when we were dining so I still had to street park (which was fairly easy to find for a Sunday afternoon.) 

The service was really great! Our waitress checked in on us plenty and she was able to address a lot of our questions about the menu. 

I'm really excited about this place and already looking for another excuse to head back!
A sure sign of life, one of Philadelphia's great restaurants (and a personal favorite) is opening this week for take-out. While I'll miss the sublime atmosphere and service, the menu alone is going to make me grab my mask, jump-start my car and make a beeline to Philly. A good day.
Suraya lives up to all of the hype, as you momentarily get whisked away from Fishtown and into a Lebanese culinary delight.

I snagged a dinner table for two at an early evening time slot of a holiday week. There was also an option to sit at the counter, but I was happy with our cozy table against the wall. 

Suraya was much brighter than most Middle Eastern restaurants I've ever been too. That made it open and relaxing, while still a nice atmosphere.

Our server was very patient as we asked questions about the cocktail list. I ended up with the Joy and Sorrow after concerns of allergic reactions with the sumac in the Optimist.

We started with the baba ganoush and fatteh, which were excellent compliments, as the former was cold and the later warm. I've never had the Lebanese versions of these dishes before, and they were slightly less oil based than others I've had. I loved the pomegranates in the baba ganoush.

The standout rock stars of the meal were the lamb entrees. I will be citing these as some of the best dishes I've ever had for a long time to come. We split the Halabi Kebab and Kawarma. Both were prepared differently but were packed with flavor and fall apart tenderness.

We also had to try the Lebanese wines. The Sauvignon Blanc was ok- not as sweet as from New Zealand. I really enjoyed the Cabernet Sauvignon.

I'm not a huge dessert person but had to try the Tehina and Carob Mousse Glacee because it was something different. I can't properly describe the creaminess and flavor, but I'd recommend it.

I can see why Philadelphia and beyond has fallen in love with Suraya. I will be fantasizing over my lamb dishes until the next time I return.
When Nataly N found a new brunch spot to check out, we wasted no time swinging by for a bite. 

We were able to snag a seat (by the window) without a reservation, however, I'm not sure if it being Easter weekend made things a bit easier.  My first thought was that I was surprised by exactly how big Suraya was... the front appears to be your average coffee shop (with a nicer decor), however, the back is your full sized restaurant.  The front also has a small shop.

We wanted to give a few items a try, so ended up ordering a pastry, flatbread, and kebab.  I also had a bloody mary ($10) while Nataly N had the lebanese chai latte ($5).

The cruller, our pastry, was good.  It was very light.  However, the price might have been a bit much from a value standpoint.

We ordered the za'atar, onions, and tomatoes for our flatbread and weren't disappointed.  It had a lot of taste and I think the $7.5 price point was fair for the value.

Finally, we had the kebab plate which came with tabouleh, hummus, pita, and seasoned fries.  I felt the tabouleh was a-ok and the same for the hummus.  Thumbs up on the kofta kebab.  Again, the $21 price point was a bit steep for the value.

Service as awesome, as our waitress manned a large area seamlessly. Therefore, overall, I would say it is certainly worth checking out.  We enjoyed our meal and the total wasn't that extreme that you'd feel under served!
Delicious pastries and Stumptown coffee. Beautiful interior and decor. Can't wait for the dinner service and outdoor courtyard to open... the courtyard is expansive and will be beautiful in warmer weather! The pastries are a bit pricey, as two coffees and two pastries cost about $20, but they tasted delicious and were fresh and well executed.
The establishment is bright and colorful, but walking in and figuring out how to order is a tad confusing. There are no directions and the people in line are just as confused when asked about the process. So, we just fell in line like everyone else. A gentleman who seemed like the host (unsure) was walking back and forth greeting and taking guests' jackets to reserve their table. He addressed everyone in line except our group of three (we gave him the benefit of the doubt that he was just overwhelmed). When we were able to grab his attention, he asked how many we had and let us know he'll be right back. By the time we arrived at the counter and completed our order, we were still unsure of where to sit and just stood around for a few minutes waiting. The host passed by a few times and sat other groups ranging from 2-4 people. Once we were able to grab his attention again, he just told us he'll be right with us while walking away. When he did come back to us, he asked again how many we had and if he took our jackets (we were still wearing our jackets).  

I have no qualms with the food, drinks, and the young lady taking our order at the counter; they were perfect. The only thing that put a damper on our mood was the service from the host. Compared to how the host was interacting with the other guests, we felt we were being treated rudely. We were not greeted or addressed when we came in and brushed aside when we finally gained his attention again. Also, as guests were leaving, the host said his farewells to them (heard and saw everything as we were sitting near the ordering counter). When we got up to leave, the host happened to pass by, not a word. I even made eye contact, had a smile on my face and said, "have a good one!" first.  He continued to walk by without responding.

I was so excited to try this place because everything on their Instagram looked awesome, but when the first impression from the FOH team is not a good one, it changes the whole experience and makes me hesitant to come back.
I have been waiting for about a year to take the trip to Fishtown and explore this almost magical restaurant called Suraya. I followed them on Instagram and was always mesmerized by their handcraft serving-wear and beautiful lattes and knew I had to get to this place immediately! My birthday dinner here with friends a few weeks ago did not disappoint. We parked in the (free!) parking area next to the garden entrance. Upon walking through the gate into the garden area you almost forget you are in a busy section of Philadelphia. The combination of greenery, twinkly lights and cool decor transport you somewhere and you're immediately more relaxed. The foundation with the beautiful painted art is so zen... the perfect spot for a pop up yoga event (hint hint). 

As we walked into the garden we were greeted by a server who told us a few tables were available to sit and dine prior to our reservation which was almost 45 minutes later. My friends and I didn't mind waiting in this serene place. In fact, we didn't waste any time and ordered drinks and started perusing the app menu (limited in comparison to inside the restaurant). Before we were even able to post our beautiful drinks on IG our server notified us that our table was ready.. 30 min early! Score! 

Upon looking at the menu we decided it would be best to order a bunch of apps and split everything. To be honest, everything was outstanding. The highlight of the night was the fatteh ... I'm not sure how to replicate it at home but I now have a new mission. The chai latte was so delicious, I still dream about it. The only thing I didn't love were the desserts.. but maybe I'm just not into Lebanese desserts.  

The restaurant is pricey so you may want to save this for a special occasion. I have no doubt that you will not be disappointed. Already looking forward to my next trip back!
Beautiful decor, great seating arrangements with a lovely open kitchen concept. It's like Marrakech meets Manhattan. While looking in kitchen it's a organized line running smooth like the daily train.  It's amazing to watch the fresh Pita Bread come out of the oven. The clanking and the aroma makes for an exciting experience. 

I arrived on time for my reservation and was promptly seated. My server was friendly and helpful. I dropped my napkin he saw this from afar and immediately replaced it. When ordering I was disappointed with me not being able to add items to my hummus. You can only have the crunchy chic peas or savory lamb added during lunch. What a MAJOR disappointment. Zahavs has spoiled me as it commonplace there to have choices.  But I ordered it and it was good, glad I didn't pass it up. For my entree I ordered Kawarma, grilled lamb which was a very small  piece, with cucumber salad and dill yogurt. This was recommended by my server. The meat was extremely tender with a slight seared texture.  I just wished I was warned the meet had a sweet and sour taste. It wasn't offensive but definitely different. Not my twist but acceptable as  I'm not easily offended by food! LOL.. To end my meal I had the Lebanese Chai Latte beautiful and divine, the best thing I tasted here! For me it doesn't live up to the hype but the service and atmosphere will call you to return.


Ambiance and decor 5(+)
Service 5
Location 4
Food 3
It's stunning and unexpected. When you walk-in off Frankford Ave, you are transported to Turkey or Morocco. Tiles and light look authentic! Wonderful unique pastries and middle eastern coffees. They have a beautiful bar then an open hearth further in the restaurant . The space is open and very large. The savory items look great and I'll be back soon to try them. It's open for breakfast, lunch and dinner. What a great edition not only to the neighborhood but to the city. An absolute must try.
Giving it four because the food is excellent, but our service on the one occasion we visited was lacking overall. 

Atmosphere: beautiful place! Super spacious, super loud during busy hours. Made an 11:30 reservation for Sunday brunch. Got there like 10 minutes early and were pretty much seated right away

Food: the two of us shared the hummus with slow roasted lamb, a mana'oushe with za'atar and cheese, and the kafta kebab sandwich. The hummus came out first and quickly. The lamb, despite being roasted, had a nice crispy outside, and it was juicy and delicious and not too gamey. It was heaven combined with the smooth and flavorful hummus. The pita that accompanied the dish was fresh, warm, and fluffy. Solid hummus dish.

The kafta kebab was good, but nothing to write home about. The meat was tender, but the taste was overpowered by the seasoned (albeit delicious) fries that come inside the sandwich and on the side. 

Mana'oushe with za'atar and cheese. Delicious, like a Lebanese pizza without sauce. Warm, and tastier with every bite. In good old New Yorker style I folded the slice and it perfectly married the za'atar and cheese. I was sad this was over. 

We also ordered the coffee cake to go. We ate it back at home in jersey and it was very very fragrant and delicious, and moist.
Everything is rather affordable!

Service: Where this place could use improvement. Our waitress was a bit lackluster, took our order and never really checked in with us. We received the hummus and the sandwich, but after 30 minutes we hadn't received our flat bread. Figuring they forgot, we kept trying to flag down our waitress. We'd see her bounce around and walk fast but never really check on us. When she finally did, we advised her that we haven't received the flatbread. She didn't really apologize, but rather said she'll just go check on it. Luckily the manager came up and told us they'd comp it, which is a great way to keep customers happy. Overall though I'm bummed the order was forgotten in the first place. 

Despite this experience I can probably say with certainty that I'll be back to try other things, maybe dinner next time!
My favorite part about my dinner here was the company and the atmosphere. I came here wirh my girlfriend for dinner, the place is gorgeous, very elegant and perfect spot for a date night. Now my only problem was the food. Yes it was good, no big complaints. But I am middle eastern myself and in fact I've been to Lebanon. The food is extremely Americanized and portions are extremely small for what you pay for. I understand they're trying to be one of those fancy restaurants with their tiny portions but come on, any true middle eastern person will know you can double the amount of the fatteh and maybe add more yogurt? Or maybe more seasonings to the fish and actual sides instead of 6 little Kababas with NO sides for $25? 

I would come back here for a drink, maybe lunch. But I know where to find a nice middle eastern restaurant with more affordable authentic food cooked by actual Arabs.
In a word, Suraya is fabulous. The interior, the service, the pastries up front, and the food did not disappoint. I went for brunch and enjoyed the chicken kebab platter and had the lamb hummus instead of the plain hummus for another $4. Totally worth it. Everything was great and the lamb had a cinnamony flavor from one of the spices that was to die for. I had wanted to try the highly touted charred banana ice cream dessert afterwards but unfortunately the desserts are only served during the evening hours so I opted for a few pastries on the way out. I had a delicious pistachio ma'amoul and a to-die-for kouign amann. It was similar to a kind-of rolled up croissant, as it had many layers of flaky dough, but it had a sticky coating of cardamom on the bottom. I really don't like croissants all that much but the koign amann was the bomb. I could probably eat as many of them as Homer eats donuts. My advice to you is to go earlier in the day if you can, as I hear that the pastries sell out and the restaurant fills up.
When we heard that suraya had started outdoor dining, we knew we had to jump on it. You can easily make a reservation on Resy. Most of the days are booked, but you can set an alarm for a date that you want and whenever a reservation is canceled you'll get notified. That's what we did both times and was able to get a reservation. The only thing is make sure you cancel in time if you do end up booking and not going otherwise you'll incur a fee of 40 dollars a person. 

It was our first time dining outdoor at suraya. The garden dining area is PERFECT if you want to dine outdoors during COVID. It is extremely spacious and you'll have privacy from the parties around you. The only thing that we found difficult was finding our waitress in the midst of all the trees surrounding us. 

The food was amazing as usual. We tried both going in a regular weekday and on Saturday. For Friday and Saturdays, they only offer a prix fix menu which is 60 dollars a person. It is plenty of food to share and to take home in my opinion. We had enough for another meal. 

My issue was the bathroom and the cleanliness. I know that since they are limited to three bathrooms only, it is hard to maintain the cleanliness. I have noticed guests leaving used tissue papers on the bathroom counters and the hand sanitizer counter outside of the bathrooms.
Suraya is definitely a great addition to Frankford Ave. The interior decor is very pretty. I love the open layout, brightness, and the fact that you can see all of the delicious pastries at the counter as soon as you go in. (If you've ever been to Manakeesh in West Philly, this place is kind of a fancier version of that, but with table service and different offerings.) 

Michael F and I stopped by for brunch. Service was very friendly, attentive, and warm from beginning to end. One thing I'll point out though is that the host stand's location farther into the restaurant can be a bit confusing to newcomers - makes it unclear whether this is a "seat yourself and order at the counter" sort of place, or if it's a table service kind of place. However, someone directed us to the host stand when we came in and we were seated at a bright table by the window. 

Food-wise, they have a decent selection largely divided into the categories of flatbreads, salads, brunch plates, sandwiches, hummus, and pastries. We ordered a kebab plate ($21) which came with one kofta kebab, tabouleh, hummus, pita, and seasoned fries, as well as a man'oushe (flatbread) with za'atar, onions, and tomatoes. We also ordered a bloody mary, Lebanese chai latte, and a cruller (choux pastry doughnut). 

Overall, I felt the food was tasty, but a bit under-seasoned and over-priced for what it is. My favorite items were the cruller and lebanese chai latte, yet they were both $5-$5.50 apiece... I am used to paying $4 for a very good doughnut or a nice hot beverage in NYC, but I was a bit surprised to see prices higher than NYC in Philly, especially at a place where I would be paying tip on top of the listed price. I'm definitely glad I stopped by and will likely come back for pastry/hot drinks, but I could probably find a more substantial meal for the same price somewhere else in the neighborhood.
Prettiest little Chai ever!

This chai is wonderful in so many ways.  For starters, it just looks stunning.  This is like the Gal Gadot or Emily Ratajkowski of Chai's stunning.  It comes in a super pretty decorative mug.  It has these beautiful edible rose petals on top of a super, and I really mean super, rich foam on top.  It has this elegant milky rose water flavor.  It has this great nutty pistachio hit.  I often get chai and have to reach for 4 or 5 packets of sugar to add some sweetness to it, but there was no need for that here.  Convenience was included!  The sweeet was already added.  This chai isn't the most pungent chai, not the intention, but it feels like a warm cozy hug right before you take a nap on a lazy afternoon.  I'd make a special trip here for the sweet rose petal pistachio milky richness of this chai.

So yeah the food is good here.  You probably already knew that from the multiple 4+ stars reviews.  For my meal, the Chicken Liver adorned with onions and pomegranate seeds was my favorite plate.  The livers themselves were just slightly over cooked but the flavor profile had me scooping up every last bit of this plate.  The lamb main entree was richly moist and super tender.  The hummus was good, yes it was good not great and the breads were straight from the oven HOT.  My Suraya experience was also enriched by my counter seat and the service I was given at every interaction point with staff from the moment I walked in, to the greeting I was given when I walked out.

Now the natural inclination is to compare and I'm not going to say Suraya is better than another well known middle eastern standard in Philly.  Honestly that other post has a hummus that changed the way I think of and eat hummus forever.  As in I can't enjoy it unless I'm there.  But I think there's enough room for both and that other place doesn't have this chai so I'll definitely be coming back for this super sexy rich chai for sure.
Usually nothing makes me happier than good food. When you add in a the beautiful atmosphere of Suraya and good company, you have a dream! Suraya is located in the heart of Fishtown on Franford Ave. This place is easy to get to from the El of you can park in their customer lot across the street.

I came in with a party of 4 for breakfast on a Saturday at around 8:30-9am. The place was pretty empty at that time so I really got to admire the beautiful decor of the restaurant. The format was seat yourself after ordering at the front counter. My husband and I opted to share one of their crowler donuts - essentially a cronut with a dusting of pistachio, and a za'atar flatbread with egg and cheese. We also got coffees which come in the cutest hand painted mugs. 

We took a seat in one of the booths and waited for our flatbread. The donut was so light and airy then just complemented by the slight crunch of pistachio. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. The flatbread came out quickly. There was a good amount of spice that it wasn't "spicy" but it was delicious. I think egg and cheese is a good addition to make the flatbread feel more like a meal. Between the flatbread and the donut, we had plenty of food between the two of us. 

I cannot wait to come back during the summer time to see the new expanded patio area. This looks like it will be the perfect spot to hang out!
I'm in love. This place is perfect for a casual brunch, small snack, fancy dinner, or if you do as I did, comfort food for those post-night out feels.

My friend and I came on a Saturday morning around noon and waited about 30 minutes for seats at a bar. We started with the chai latte, apricot mimosa, and rose pistachio cruller. The latte was absolutely amazing, perfectly creamy and foamy with a nice hint of spice. The apricot was a tasty twist on the mimosa, yummy and refreshing. The cruller was warm, fluffy, and not too sweet.

We also decided to share the baba ganoush (eggplant dip) and lamb hummus, which came with 3 fresh pitas. The lamb hummus... WOW. Blew me away. The lamb was smoky from the cumin, slightly crunchy with a nice char. It went perfectly with the creamy hummus. The baba ganoush was perfectly complimented by the crunch of the pomegranate seeds, I only wish there were a few more on top! The only thing that would've made this meal better was if they had fluffy pita since the flat pita gets a little dry (but maybe that's just personal preference bc I'm more of a doughy bread girl).

After being more than satisfied with our meal, we decided to add on a side order of the spiced fries since they looked delicious on our neighbor's plate. The fries were a little too heavy handed on the spice and seemed a tad underdone, so this was probably the only thing that I wouldn't order again.

But overall, Suraya has stolen my heart. It's more casual than the exclusive Zahav, though delivers just as much on the food. HIGHLY recommended. Until next time.. when I come back again for that bomb lamb hummus.
Came back home to visit some family and friends in the philly area and a friend recommended this place to me. At first I was hesitant to go because I heard it just opened and thought they would be understaff or have low quality service but I was completely wrong! As soon as I walked in, someone by the name of Najette greeted me at the door with a warm smile, and asked me about my day before inquiring about what I would like to eat. Although, it was a small moment, it left a big impact on me. Most businesses you walk into don't care about there customers on that level. But wait it gets better.. I sat down and placed my order: 

- Chicken sandwich BJ 
- Kafta kabob 
- Mezze plate
- Man'ousha flat bread 

Everything tasted AMAZING!! During my meal the manager (or owner) Greg came by my table to inquire about my experience and asked if I needed any extra pitas. My expectations were completely blown away!! I would highly recommend this to anyone!! I can't wait to come back!
Suraya is wonderful. The restaurant is gorgeous (and huge) and the food is delicious. It's very busy, so you will need a reservation. 

We went for a Sunday brunch and loved everything we got. The dips were all amazing. For my entree I ordered the samke harra, which was determined to be the favorite of all the dishes my group ordered. 

If you are going for brunch, beware that they do run out of baked goods. So if you have your eye on something try to get an earlier reservation!
Amazing food and amazing service. I don't have much knowledge of Lebanese food, but everything was very tasty. The wait staff was seamless and our waitress was knowledgeable on all of the dishes and could easily answer any questions we had. 

The atmosphere of the restaurant was very nice. We sat inside the restaurant but the other seating choices was a kitchen bar where you could see food prepared and the outside garden both of which seemed like nice choices. 

We opted to have the tasting menu for dinner. You get a little of many dishes and for the price I think it's the best way to go. You will definitely leave there full. The main courses are small, but you get a lot of food overall. There was nothing I didn't enjoy but I'd definitely recommend the Samke Nayyeh, Fatteh, and the Kawarma. Would definitely recommend trying it out.
Suraya is far superior to Zahav hands down. I will fight whoever disagrees with me. 

They just launched a tasting menu, which is fully loaded. Smart option for the newcomers like me who want to try a bunch of their dif foods. It's only $52/pp for hummus, tabbouleh, baba ganoush, muhammara and labne to share as starters. You then choose ANOTHER app, an entree and a dessert. The tasting menu is conducive to all types of diets (vegetarian, pescatarian or meat lovers), and they are amenable to alterations (we got double hummus in place of muhammara). Shout out to Zack, our waiter, who helped us have a relaxing 2+ hour meal, which didn't seem long at all.

Pro tip: DON'T get an extra pita to finish the first course with, or you will regret it like we did. You have to save room for the kanafeh, which is basically crunchy, nutty and cheesy crack on a pretty little plate. 

So do yourself a favor, and cancel that reservation you've had for Zahav for 1 month and 30 days, and get yourself to fishtown before it will be impossible to get a reservation here. You can thank me later.
Finally got to stop in Suraya.  I had a hard time deciding if I should go for brunch or dinner. Brunch this time but definitely need to go back for dinner in the near future! Brunch on Saturday and Sunday is table service unlike during the week when it's counter service for breakfast and lunch. There are no reservations for weekend brunch but there are for dinner. We had to wait about 15 minutes but not too bad. 

The place is beautiful and very spacious. We talked to someone behind the counter that gave us some helpful information about the menu items while we waited. If you are interested in trying the pastries and the very popular rose pistachio cruller, get a pastry basket... they set a certain amount of the crullers  aside to include in these baskets.  Also at around 1 on Sunday the pastry baskets were running low.  So go early for best selection of pastries. Try them!  Order the varieties and take them to go! 

In addition I got a falafel platter. This included spicy fries, hummus, pita, and tabouleh.  Everything was delicious. The tehina yogurt was also very tasty. Leftovers were yummy for dinner. Oh and I rarely get specialty drinks while out but the clementine ginger soda was sooo good! 

Staff was great and personable.  Our server was cheerful and fun. Great way to end the weekend, Brunch at Suraya on Sunday!
I had been waiting quite a while to finally try out the highly esteemed Suraya, and boy was the wait worth it. Suraya takes the cake as my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia. Everything was flawless, from the chic interior, attentive service, and of course, exquisite food. 

The menu is filled with unique Lebanese dishes, each one sounding more delicious than the next. With the help of our excellent server, we were able to decide on the following dishes: 

The FATTOUCH is a salad of chopped romaine and crispy veggies, with crispy strips of pita. The salad is mixed with a bright lemon pomegranate vinaigrette that starts your meal with a burst of freshness. It was good, but not on my short list of things to order next time.

The FATTEH is up there for one of the best things we ate. It's similar to a warm hummus, but also is different in so many amazing ways. The base is a blend of warm chickpeas and eggplant with tehina yogurt - topped with crispy pita chips, cashews, and decadent brown butter. This dip-style dish is incredibly irresistible that you'll want to lick the entire bowl. It's perfectly creamy and decadent, with the brown butter adding a richness you wouldn't expect. I could eat 5 bowls of this delicious spread.

In contrast to the warm and decadent fatteh, the SAMKE NAYYEH is a refreshing, cool and light delicious that is equally delicious (and beautifully plated). Fresh yellowtail is mixed with chives, parsley, garlic, and lemon, with a kick from some jalapeno, and a creamy labneh sauce to round off this delicious dish.

As expected, the NEW CALEDONIA PRAWNS are delicious. The shrimp are big and plump, grilled and served with their heads on, adding an extra oomph of flavor. They're served in a cilantro garlic viniagrette that is brightened by some fresh lemon. Perfect cook on the shrimp!

I'm not normally one to order meat, but the KAWARMA is some of the best lamb (or meat in general) that I've had. The lamb is succulent and tender, falling apart with the touch of a fork. This perfect piece of meat is served with a bright cucumber-pomegranate salad that helps balance the fat, and a cool tzatziki style sauce. This is an absolute must order. 

Despite being full, we couldn't pass up on dessert. We thoroughly enjoyed our COFFEE & CHOCOLATE VERRINE - layers of ice cream, caramel and chocolate. 

Suraya is a spot I am DYING to get back to. Everything we ate was executed to perfection, and there's so much on the menu to still try. Highly recommend Suraya.
Loved this place! We made reservations here (on Resy, they don't do OpenTable) a week in advance for a brunch at 11 AM. You have the choice between the bar area and the main dining area, and we chose the main dining area.

Started off by getting the Lebanese chai tea with rose petals. This was honestly my favorite part of the meal! The tea was perfect for a colder morning and was very aesthetically pleasing. They have the cutest handpainted mugs, which you can purchase if you'd like. 

We split a few things for our brunch. We started with the crispy chickpea hummus. It comes with a large pita bread. The only suggestion would be to give two pieces of bread per hummus order, as we had a lot of hummus leftover with no bread left. It was delicious though! For entrees, we split the cheese/tomato/onion/long hot pepper Lebanese flatbread with an egg on top and the Shish Taouk (chicken) sandwich. Both were great and very large portions! My favorite was the flatbread because of the perfectly tasty and salty Lebanese cheese with the egg topping. The spicy fries that came with the sandwich were also great and different!

Overall, the ambience is very cozy and cute. Would definitely recommend reservations for this place, as we tried to walk in once and were told a 2 hour wait. Loved the experience here!
With the Covid #'s still going in the wrong direction, we still have not gone out to dinner, either inside or out.  We got takeout from Suraya and would have felt comfortable eating in their outdoor setting, where it seemed that the tables were spaced more like 10 feet apart or more.

But I'm afraid there's a "but".  Everything we had was good but didn't get to that Wow factor for us.

We got the 2 person tasting menu which included the two hits of the night: the delicious Hummus and the equally delicious Labneh (strained yogurt with tomatoes, cucumber, olives and mint).  The Cabbage was just OK but we thought it may have been romaine lettuce in place of the cabbage.  Our Entrees were the Grilled Branzino and the Lamb Kebabs, with the lamb being the better of the two.  The fish was lost in the spicy sauce and for us, the kebabs were just "good".

We had added to our meal the Fattouch salad which was completely underwhelming.  Another item we tried was the Fried Beef & Bulgar Dumplings that, other than being "different", were also disappointing.

The two included desserts were good.

As you can see from other reviewers we are in the minority but for around $110, sorry to say, we were disappointed.
Summary: YES. That's it. That's the review.

Actual review: I suppose I should provide a little more detail, especially since I've been here more times than I can count. Suraya is one of my favorite restaurants to bring folks visiting from out of town because everything is exceptional. The decor is gorgeous (if the weather is nice hangout in the courtyard area), the service is excellent, and most importantly the food is phenomenal. Brunch or dinner, you cannot go wrong.

Brunch must haves: The slow roasted lamb hummus is some of the best hummus I've ever had (*almost* rivaling Zahav in my opinion). The flatbreads are also phenomenal, particularly the lamh bi-ajeen and the za'atar flatbreads. There's also a flatbread that's more of a wrap, but unfortunately I don't remember what it's called. Honestly, if you describe it to the server they will know...whatever it's called, get that too. And as you're eating, make sure to wash it all down with a delicious Lebanese chai latte (with non-dairy milk, if you please). The best part about all of this is that the brunch is actually quite affordable---I've never spent more than $30 at Suraya for brunch, and that includes tip and tax.

Dinner must haves: First of all, if you're thinking of doing anything but the tasting menu, DON'T. Yes, it does seem on the pricey side (it's definitely not cheap), but I assure you that it is a much better deal as you get to try a wide variety of dishes. And make no mistake, you WILL be full when you leave. As for the food, everything is fantastic, but the fatteh cannot be missed. If you don't have some sort of allergy that prevents you from getting it, don't miss out. I was also very skeptical of the apparent licorice taste of the Arak, but I greatly enjoyed the golden belt cocktail---it's very reminiscent of an old fashioned.

In conclusion, if you haven't visited Suraya, you owe it to yourself to give it a shot.
I'm giving Suraya 3 stars for the following reasons: 

1. I was here back in December with a friend to celebrate her birthday, and didn't find anything remarkable or memorable about the meal. 
2. I was here last night to celebrate my mother's birthday, gave this place a second chance, and the dishes were a hit or miss. 
3. The evening was off to a sour note and here's why: 

I brought in a birthday cake that was concealed in a brown paper bag from a bakery nearby. I did not notify the restaurant that I would be bringing a cake in. Having been in a the restaurant business in the past, most restaurants have implemented a cake cutting upcharge/policy, which is understandable. I didn't want the cake to melt in the car, as it was humid last night, so I brought the cake into the restaurant with me. I had it sitting, in a bag, next to me, with zero intentions of taking the cake out, as I knew we would order a dessert at the restaurant. A hostess with a tablet finds her way to our table, and starts explaining the cake cutting policy. I told her from the GET GO that I was not taking the cake out. She ignored me and continued to explain the policy, and I explained again that we were not going to have the cake with our dinner. She told me that regardless of whether or not I take the cake out or not, we were going to be charged. I asked for clarity about 3 times, and my brother heard the same thing - English is our first language, in case anyone has any doubts. My parents showed up, and I explained the situation to them, and this made my mother upset. She decided that we would put the cake back in the car in a cooler and hope for the best. She found a very kind manager and explained the situation, and the manager not only told my my mom we would not be charged, but that she would refrigerate the cake for us during our dinner. The SAME hostess comes back minutes later and asks me if I considered the option, and I told her flat out, "I don't understand why you're charging me for a cake we're not eating, that's almost like charging me for having cookies in my purse that I'm not eating." She changed her tone and changed the story and walked away. 

As for the food, we ordered the following:

Baba Ganoush - This had a smoky flavor, in fact, smoky to the point where the dish almost tasted burnt. I don't like my eggplant with a burned grilled taste. 

Muhammara - I enjoyed this dish the both times I've been here. It's tangy, sweet, a little spicy, and has a great roasted red pepper flavor. 

Samke Nayyeh - This was essentially a yellowtail tartare - the fish was over salted, but the herb sauce sitting underneath the tartare was flavorful

The cold mezze was served with fresh, hot and piping pita breads, which were a beautiful compliment to the dishes. 

Makanek - lamb sausages that tasted very similar to a run-of-the-mill breakfast sausage. 

Batata Harra - these were crispy roasted potatoes served with long hots, I remember that these were a recommendation the last time I was here. They were a bit oversalted and nothing to run home about. 

Fatar Meshwi - These were a plate of grilled, wild mushrooms. served with a cilantro yogurt. These were pretty flavorful, but again, nothing special. 

Kawarma - This was a fall off the bone lamb with a pomegranate-cucumber salad. The lamb was very tender, but also quite heavy, luckily the salad served as a perfect complement to the dish. 

Balada - black bass grilled in a banana leaf served with a side of tumeric rice. Any dish served in a banana leaf basically steams the protein within it, and so the flavors sort of went missing in the steamed fish. 

Samke Harra - this was a whole grilled dorade, served with a spicy tomato blend, tasting similar to the muhamarra. The fish was cooked perfectly, and I appreciated that the fish was de-boned. 

Dessert 

I ordered the kanafeh - a melted cheese and crispy noodle pastry dessert, served with a beautiful rose syrup and a side of sesame bread. This was absolutely delicious and the winner of the evening. 

As for service, I felt like the service was "adequate" but rather cold and unwelcoming for the most part. The restaurant has a beautiful ambiance, but taking a look around the clientele and the dishes offered, nothing screamed authentic about it. In addition to the cake situation, just as a small note, why did four of us get one small piece of sesame bread, but the couple next to us got two pieces? This restaurant appears as though it's trying WAY too heard to compete with a certain popular Israeli restaurant in town and it's not working. I will not be coming back.
The Unicorn lives. I have had my share of spectacular meals over the years but none more sublime than at Lebanese gem Suraya in Philadelphia. Admittedly, I was wary since I'm a tough grader and Suraya is that annoying "it" restaurant that all too often begs for a one star review. And, let's not forget Fishtown - just the thought of entering this hipster commune minus a Confederate beard, Goodwill ski cap and ethically sourced clogs was giving my acid reflux a workout.

Shame on me, if there's a better balance of atmosphere, service and culinary magic I have yet to find it. Sure, reservations are scarce and you'll leave a pirate chest of gold doubloons as you depart but you won't care, the experience is that special. In fact, I'd gladly pay the full tab for the service alone which is not only knowledgeable but synchronized to anticipate every need and to make the obsessive perfectionists at Cirque du Soleil green with envy. 

Look, I'm no expert on Middle Eastern cuisine and don't pretend to be but I have taste buds and they were cursing me out all night for denying them this nonpareil immersion for so long. There's no doubt that I'll still be tasting the exquisiteness of Suraya's Lamb tartare and Arnabeet Mekle (roasted cauliflower) in my grave - but I certainly won't wait that long to return. If you can somehow snag a reservation, just go.
Best Lebanese around in my opinon. Have had a couple meetings here the atmosphere makes it very conducive to do so. I love the way this place  was designed , and I'm sure the outdoor area  will be a hit all summer . If you enjoy  good tea excellent food and free wifi this is ur new home . I recommend the Lahm Bi-Ajeen which is beef, tomato, onion, spices with an egg in the center . GREAT EATS
This place is a wonderful addition to the hood. Brunch and breakfast are familiar but unique. The baba ganoush is perfectly smoky and satisfying. The omelette is lovely. 
The flatbreads are all tasty.
Of course with the attention and the wonderful reviews come the crowds. The space is beautiful but it's not a quiet place to dine as sounds truly echo. 
The pastries are a pass for me. I love a good cruller or kouign amman and am so glad they have this on the menu--I would stick with the savory on the menu.
Took my wife for her birthday and I have to say I was impressed with everything.  From the outside, you are on Frankford ave surrounded by bars, coffee houses, and apartments, but after stepping through those doors you are transported to a warm, welcoming ambiance where every inch of the space was thought out in detail.  I've never been to Lebanon but if the Suraya is any indication of the culture then it must be a wonderful place to experience.  Also, while upscale, it's nice to see that there was a relaxed atmosphere as there were people dining in scrubs, suits, cookie cutter hipster garb, and shorts and tshirts.

On to the food.

We both opted for the tasting menu ($58 per person) to try as many different things a possible.  It's a 4 course offering comprised of dips with pitas, a small plate, a large plate, then dessert.  Any time I hear a restaurant describe dining at their establishment as an "experience" my mind immediately goes to "great, which fast food place should I go to after", but we actually left stuffed and even had leftovers. 

At the start of the meal you are presented with traditional hummus, baba ganoush, labne, muhammara, and taboule (each described in the photos).  This is served with hot steamy pitas fresh from the oven.  One tip I'd suggest is dont fill up on the dips immediately.  Save some to eat with your small and large plate.

For the small plates we got the stuffed grape leaves and fried beef and bulgur dumplings. The grape leaves were light stuffed with rice and pine nuts and were served with a delicious lemon yogurt.  The dumplings were a nice contrast to the grape leaves, as the savory ground beef and strong flavor from the raisins helped to balance the sour yogurt with the grape leaves.  The dumplings were also served with a more mild mint cucumber yogurt, but that lemon yogurt was stellar.

For our large plates we got the roasted lamb and the beef kabob.  The roasted lamb was melt in your mouth and was served with a pomegranate cucumber salad with a dill yogurt.  The salad was the perfect accompanyment to balance out the unctuous, gamyness of the lamb.  The kabob was delicious, but slowly inching it's way in as the star were the grilled vegetables that came with it.  That could be a dish in itself with a few tweaks. The kabob is also served with it's own small side of hummus.

For dessert, we got the tehina hot chocolate, berries and ashta, and coffee & chocolate verrine.   The hot chocolate was delicious.  Your first sip at first seems unusual as you taste tahina, then you taste the hot and smoky Chile flakes sprinkled on top, then finally the chocolate.  This definately elevates a simple drink to the next level.  The berries and ashta has a lot going on texture wise and definately a good choice if you want ton of flavor but not sure what to choose.  You have fruit, nuts, cream,  pastry, and cake in 1 dessert.  What could be better.  The coffee & chocolate verrine was also delicious with a lot going on.  One of the strongest flavors in the dessert was the date caramel.  By itself its very strong but if everything is mixed together you can still taste each ingredient on it's own while experiencing the combination of flavors. 

Overall this was a great experience. I see others complaining that the food costs too much and its been dumbed down for an american palate, but if you're looking for a nice evening out for a special occasion with food you normally dont eat then I feel its worth it.
Recently recognized by Bon Appetit as one of the Top 50 new restaurants in America, Suraya deserves the accolades it is receiving. The space is beautiful and spacious, the perfect place for a conversation or romantic evening. It is also fitting for business conversations. The host and the staff were amazing. Every one was energetic, interested in my preferences, and engaged with me personally. I sat at the counter, and I enjoyed watching the seemless operation and interacting with the very personable Taylor who was my amazing server. 

The restaurant has a respectable wine and cocktails list, with a unique focus on Lebanese wines and Middle Eastern liquors such as the black licorice tasting arak. I enjoyed the Prophet, similar to an Old Fashioned, and an arak. It was hard to make choices on the menu because there were so many inviting options, but I opted to avoid the traditional Middle Eastern plates like hummus and try more innovative choices by the restaurant. The hot pita bread from the charcoal oven was incredible (and I don't even like pita bread). I chose the Makanek and the Halabi Kebab. Both were delicious, but both also were lamb and I wish that I had chosen one or the other.

One note: the Halabi Kebab and many of the entrees do come with some side items such as eggplant, peppers or hummus. Before you purchase appetizers of the same sort, you may want to ask the server if the entree you are choosing comes with the appetizer item. I had the perfect amount of hummus with my entree, and I was glad that I did not purchase the appetizer for just me.

What can be improved? I suppose Middle Eastern food does not specialize too much in vegetables, but I felt that there were not many salad or green vegetable options on the menu. Most everything was eggplant (which I dislike - texture!), mushrooms (which I also dislike - texture!), or peppers (which I like - yum), and little green or side salad options. Perhaps the addition of a Greek salad would fit the menu and offer diners more options.

I wish Suraya much success. It is doing a lot of things perfectly, and it is definitely worth an evening of your time.
I would love to give this place 5 stars but cannot.  Been here several times.  A few times the food was spot on while the remaining times the food was not.  

I love their salad and always get it with a side of shish taook (chicken kabob). The first time I did that the chicken was out of this world.  Probably the best chicken kabob I ever had.  It was hot, moist, and super flavorful.  The last time I had this combo (about two weeks ago), the chicken was dry and not very warm. I was super hungry and in a hurry so didn't want to complain and just ate it.  

The hummus is amazing here.  It had the right consistency and flavor.  Pitas are always fresh.  Not my favorite pita style as it's very thin (I prefer the thicker little more spongier version) but super fresh and I can watch them expertly make them (you can see the oven) all day long.  

The salad I love here is called Green Salad. But it's so much more than that.  It's filled with fresh lettuces, pita chips, and a very tangy (in a nice way) dressing at the very bottom.  Don't forget to mix it up from the bottom or ask for the dressing on the side.  It's very filling, especially with a side of chicken kabob, and very umami. 

Overall this place is lively, beautifully decorated and designed, had an open kitchen which is fun/interesting to watch and the food is very good, most of the time.  

Like I said if it wasn't for the dry kabob and some longer than expected service once (they were busy I know, but to wait a long time for a simple
Hummus and pita take out order, when I placed it as I walked in to have lunch at the place) was annoying, I would give it 5 stars

Anyway, don't forget there is parking in the rear of the building too!!
When meeting a friend in Philly for lunch, we decided to try something new. We went on a Monday around 11:30. Parking was a pain but you can find free parking. Upon walking inside, I was surprised how light the place felt. You walk into the cafe part of the restaurant and are welcomed with a case of fresh baked goods, a barista area and plenty of tables for coffee chats and getting work done. 

We were seated right away. They have a courtyard outside for seating in the back but since it was so hot we stayed inside. Next to our table were this little window box which were such a creative touch. I also loved how open, and giant, the kitchen is. You can watch everything going on. The bar is also very large and you can eat there. The tile around the bar is beautiful. 

Our waitress was wonderful and took the time to explain all the dishes, answer our many questions and give recommendations. I ended up ordering the  ful mudammas with a side of falafel and my friend got the lamb hummus with a side of crudité. Everything was incredibly delicious and I loved the giant pita bread that comes with the dishes. 

I must say that the acoustics of this place are amazing. It got pretty crowded as the lunch hour moved on and you could barely hear the other tables. I loved that! 

We wanted to order some pastries after our meal to go with our coffee but I was so bummed to find out that they were out of almost everything.  I'm wondering why they didn't make more considering it was only lunch time and they open at 11. I guess order pastries first before food to ensure you get some?!! I hope to come back and try more food on the menu and the chai. Hopefully I'll get to try the backed goods too. Overall, delicious food and great service!
Suraya is an experience. Beyond incredible food and friendly service, the atmosphere transports you to a beautiful, chic, and cozy environment that makes the grunge dives of Fishtown (that I love, don't get me wrong) feel distant. I wish I could emphasize how much I love this place in a more eloquent way, but I'll just say this: the flavors are out of this world. 

I made reservations for brunch, but when our plans fell through at the last minute, Suraya kindly moved our reservation. Even though the only time slot was 9:30pm on a Sunday night, we decided to take it - I'm SO glad we did! 

From the first step inside, Suraya surpassed any expectations I had. For starters, the sheer size of the place defies the laws of physics. It goes on forever and ever, each space offering a different vibe - all positive. 

We were sat immediately, and our servers were very attentive to ensure our experience was incredible. Our main server was very helpful in helping us breakdown the menu and decide what to order (and what not to order! nut allergy!)

We ordered:
Baba Ganoush (best I've ever had!)
Fatteh (amazing textures and flavors!)
Makanek (Lamb Sausages - delicious!!)
Kafta Kebab (Ground Beef Kebab - interesting plating, interesting flavors)

Overall, the meal was great. The spices are really special, and everything is just packed with flavor. The fresh clouds of pita bread were heavenly. While I wished our water glasses were filled more frequently, our server was very kind and engaging, and clearly enjoyed his job. The meal was on the pricier side considering the portion sizes. Suraya is best enjoyed with friends so you can try a bit of everything and split the bill. I didn't have any of their specialty drinks, so I will definitely be back to try one...or five.

Suraya is more than a restaurant - it's an escape, an experience. Definitely worth exploring.
Have you ever walked into a building and one scent transports you somewhere else? One whiff of Suraya rocketed JJ and I right across the Atlantic.

Upon walking into Suraya, we were greeted at the bakery counter before ordering coffee, a za'atar man'oushe, and the slow roasted lamb hummus. We admired the beautiful tiled bar and surprisingly elegant seating area while Lebanese music piped softly overhead--and before long we were rewarded with our meal. We could have stopped at the hummus and flatbread, but the jalousie had caught my eye and JJ wanted a kruller, so we lingered over another cup of coffee and watched the morning patrons come and go.

The lovingly prepared food and general ambiance at Suraya makes me want to return again and again.
This place is worth all the hype. Appetizers and entrees were delicious, fresh, and creative takes on Lebanese food. The $58 Taste of Suraya is a deal. It's really more food than you can possibly eat. The pita is an amazing big hollow puff cooked in the wood burning oven. 

The staff is very pleasant and efficient. In fact, there are tons of people working here! It's a beautifully lit warm space. Lovely decor. Big, tidy bathrooms. 

The only weak link was the desserts. We ordered two and one was OK and the other way too sweet and just kind of weird. Unfortunate because there are many simple middle Eastern desserts that are delicious. One needn't be so complicated. Coffee good. 

Also, no coat check or coat rack. No place to put one's raincoat, gloves and hats on a nasty winter night. So you're left awkwardly draping it over a small chair and sitting on it. Not pleasant. Even the Melrose Diner has a coat rack! 

Highly recommend.
Came here for weekend brunch after seeing all the rave reviews. 
The star of the pastries is the rose pistachio cruller. The jalousie was fine. I was not as big a fan of the kouign amann, it's better at walnut street cafe. 
The man'oushe was ok, we got the lahm bi-ajeen with the addition of an egg on top which we couldn't end up tasting anyways. Maybe the other ones are better. 
The crispy chickpea hummus was delicious and came with ample bread to scoop it up. The kebab plate presentation is beautiful and the fries were well spiced, but I wish the kebab was bigger.
The interior decoration is definitely worth commenting on, this is one of the prettiest places I've eaten and I would come back purely just to soak it in.
There's a thousand reviews. And even more photos. You don't really need my two cents, but if you listen to anything I say "just go."  

Absolutely incredible from start to finish. The entrance is gorgeous. I loved the "fit" of the waitstaff (that means outfit. 12 year olds taught me that). And the open kitchen. A wonderful display. 

Great wine seduction, we had a few not fantastic non-traditional cocktails the night prior at IndeBlue and so we decided to just stick to what we know. Vino e cerveza. First time trying Greek wine, which was a great experience. But alas, the Italians stole the show (as we always do in that category). 

Anyways this is useless. The $70 required prix fixe menu is absolutely worth it. So much incredible food. The mushroom main course (I'm sorry I forget the correct terminology. Click on the website and don't @ me) is INSANE. So much flavor. My lord. Not even gonna go into details on the rest of the plates. Oh minus the dessert. There were tears. That is all. 

Also we love not struggling for parking. Eleventy seven out of ten. Just go.
Suraya lives up to the hype.

Came here on a Monday and tried out the first night of their tasting menu. Let me start by saying: Everything. Was. Incredible. First, our server, Zack, was kind enough to explain the menu, offer his recommendations, and provide answers to any and every question. I have a tree nut allergy, so I'm always extra cautious when ordering food I'm unfamiliar with. He reassured me that he would make sure any necessary substitutions were made and that I could dine without worry.

The tasting menu includes decent sized portions of hummus, baba ganoush, muhammara, labne, and taboule to share. While I am allergic to the muhammara dish, we were able to choose one to double up on - we chose hummus and had no regrets. The pita that came out with the starters was absolutely delicious and so fresh that steam escaped when I picked it up!

Next, we each were able to order a mezza and opted for the fatar meshwi and samke nayyeh. The mixed mushrooms were a variety of crunchy and soft, flavorful little bites. Each taste was different and exciting. The raw yellowtail was fresh and perfectly seasoned.

We each ordered a mashawi - I ordered the kawarma and my friend ordered the abu sayf. The kawarma was tender and juicy, and the accompaniments were perfectly curated. My friend enjoyed the abu sayf and regretted eating an extra pita, as at this point we were getting pretty full!

A few days later, and I am still salivating thinking about the kanafeh. Honestly, it's taking all my willpower to not hop on the el to Girard at this very moment and order a 2 person dessert just for myself.
My daughter made a reservation 3 weeks in advance and I clearly understand why, it's the best restaurant for service, wine selection, beer on tap, freshest ingredients and attention to detail detail and detail. 

Despite how busy they were we were never rushed and food suggestions were superb and the espresso service was the only problem, they didn't serve until I had my desserts and I wanted it with the desserts.

We chose the pre-fixe menu so it was so amazing to try 8 delicious appetizers. I really was full already but the main entrees were just as good. I've had better ribeye but I loved the Branzino with the red pepper paste. The olive oil garlic paste for the steak was amazing. 

The desserts are delicious and I can recall it was a melted cheese with rose water syrup but can't remember the name, it's intended for 2. Do order that. 

We had the top 5 mezzos but you must try the Fatteh, chickpeas in the brown butter with cashews  and almonds was my favorite. I also loved the other mezzas like samke nayyeh with raw yellow tail and fried kibbeh (because my husband wanted some meat)

I almost forgot to mention but I was impressed with the beer on tap called Kronenbourg Blanc (I can't drink wine) really nice fruity blend.
Hands down one of my favorite brunch spots in the city also the dinner menu is pretty great as well too. My absolute favorite is the Lebanese chai which is terrific. It is a little sweet so you cannot have more than two (trust me I tried) but definitely order just one. The hummus is pretty good and always a good choice as your brunch dish or to share. The mushroom and the lamb hummus are both amazing. From the dinner menu - definitely order the lamb as well, it is cooked to perfection and the meat falls off the bone at the lightest touch.
Our experience tonight at Suraya was superb to say the least. Upon arriving we were informed that because we didn't have a reservation that we could sit at the counter, but the wait would be about 45 minutes, which was totally understandable due to the recent hype this restaurant has been cumulating. The hostess took my phone number and the told us we could hang out in the garden and get some drinks while we waited for our spot to become available. 

The open air garden was like being transported to an exotic resort in a beautiful foreign county. I'm so glad I didn't wear jeans tonight because I would've felt so out of place amongst the beautiful detailed back patio and water feature. We sipped on Rose and Arak and took in the wonderful decor while we patiently waited for our table to be ready. Even before I was summoned via text message, a hostess was gracious enough to come and find myself and my friend to let us know our table would be ready shortly and that she would come and find us in a bit. Honestly some hostesses forget about you and this restaurant had wonderful enough staff that were THAT attentive. Top notch service and we hadn't even eaten yet. 

We get escorted to the bar counter that overlooks the open kitchen and are explained how the menu works by our waitress Kerinena. She then asked us if we would like any more drinks, and my friend Lisa lets her know that she can just take the rest of hers away (that we had gotten from the back bar) because she had mixed the Arak in the traditional way with water, and wasn't liking it as much as when she hadn't added the water. My friend wasn't looking for any sort of pity, she just wanted our waitress to know she was finished with the drink and that she could take it away because had in her opinion essentially ruined it. 

We ordered three small plates and one entree to share: the hummus, the fried kibbeh (beef and bulger dumplings stuffed with seasoned ground beef * served with a mint- cucumber yogurt), the sumac French fries, and the Halabi Kebab entree 
(ground lamb kebab brushed with muhammara and seasoned with chili peppers, cinnamon, coriander & paprika * served with hummous, charred onion, tomato & pepper). The hummus was smooth and lemony and served with large puffy pitas that had just been freshly raised in their wood fire oven. The kibbeh was a little different and not what we had expected but definitely tasty. The sumac fries were crispy on the outside but warm in the inside seasoned with sumac which is sort of zesty yet a tad sour, but still delicious. The lamb kebabs were cooked perfectly and cut like butter. 

Upon finishing our waitress Kerinena told us that she had wanted to make the situation concerning the earlier disliked drink right, and that she ordered us a dessert on the house for the inconvenience since we hadn't ordered any additional drinks that evening. What amazing customer service. My friend wasn't even complaining about the mishap, but our waitress went above and beyond to make sure that our first experience at Suraya was nothing but amazing. 

The food, the service, the attention to detail, the decor. Everything was impeccable. The experience we had at Suraya was top notch and made us feel like New York royalty or something of that caliber. I will defiantly be coming back and bringing friends. Very highly anticipated and very well executed.
Finally getting around to this long-overdue Suraya review. A friend recently visited and jokingly said she wanted to see the most Instagrammable restaurant in Philly, and brunch at Suraya immediately leapt to mind. The cafe in the front, with its gold-toned chandelier lighting, is one of the most beautiful spaces I've ever seen, and the green-toned bar and intricate tiling in the main dining space creates such a lush, relaxing feel.

Beyond the beauty of the space, Suraya also delivers on the food. The hummus is silky, and the brown butter in the mushroom hummus adds some extra decadence. The man'oushe, which is like a pita pizza, is excellent, especially the cheese, tomato, and long hots one. (Heads up: the labneh one comes cold, which I was not expecting when I ordered it!) The pastries are very, very good - the cardamom kouign amann is the best rendition of that pastry that I've found in Philly, and the spiced coffee cake is excellent as well. I also love the Lebanese chai and the clementine ginger soda and am glad to see that they put just as much effort into the non-alcoholic selections as they do their alcoholic drinks menu. 

The food menu caters to all different diets and preferences, making Suraya the perfect spot to meet up with a group of friends. I do have to say, I like Suraya more for brunch/lunch; my dinner experience wasn't quite as good. Also, the service at the cafe counter was off the last two times I visited. I understand that those employees also make drinks for the restaurant space and are therefore rushed, but there's no need to be so rude - it was a jarring contrast to the friendly servers in the main dining area, and unfortunately the last impression my out-of-town friend encountered when she wanted to buy another kouign amann for the road.

Tip: Suraya has free parking in the back! I feel like people don't really know about it - we only found it because we had to circle the block for parking.
Very disappointed in my experience, not worth the price we paid. Our night started out nice, we were sat outside in the courtyard area. They gave us a low table on the couch which was nice but my fiancé is over 6ft tall so his knees were in his chest when sitting at the table. We asked if we could have a real table and they were able to move us.

They explained we had to order through and app but would answer any questions we may have. I personally don't like ordering through an app, things always go wrong and they did. I flagged down the waiter to ask a question about a cocktail. He explained it to me and then before I could get a question in he ran away and didn't come back! So rude, didn't even say he needed to excuse himself just walked away as I was asking a follow up. So I didn't order that drink because I didn't know what was fully in it.

Then my fiancée asked the waiter about the tasting menu saying we we're going to do it but wanted some recommendations. He recommended a few then left again quickly. So we ordered the tasting menu through the app. We thought we had to order the same thing for both people because it doesn't say anywhere you can order different entrees and our waiter never told us. Thankfully he came over after we submitted and let us know we could change it so we did.

After the first course a waitress came and cleared our plate. I had almost a full pita on my plate, she offered to  take it and get me a fresh one, BIGGEST mistake of the night. I had to ask her 2 times for my new pita, I also had to ask the other waiter 2 times for the pita she was "getting". This was probably over an hour spam. We never got the pita. Then when we were leaving I let her know she took my pita and said she was getting me a fresh one and that I had to ask 4 times for it and still haven't gotten it, she stared at me like I had 5 heads. Then ran and finally got us some to take home.

Overall the service is the reason I have 2 stars. No one was held accountable for us. There were plenty of staff there just everyone seems to dodge and ignore us. We were also sitting next to the outside bar so it wasn't like we were hidden. 

The food was delicious but I would not pay that money to be ignored like that. I had made this reservation over a month in advance for my fiancé birthday and we were treated so poorly I was embarrassed I picked this for his birthday dinner.
Suraya is, beyond a reasonable doubt, the best restaurant experience in Philadelphia and soon to become the next Zahav! Everything from management to the wait staff to the food (especially arak cocktails) and ambiance was top notch and I strongly recommend coming here before the waitlist starts to grow in respect to its popularity.

Must get: literally every mezza, specifically kibbeh, samke, sawdat, strawberry cake
Meh: fatteh, 
Missed: larger meats/fish and brunch?

First of all, I am incredibly impressed by the entire staff at Suraya. At the moment we arrived, we were greeted by Gregory (the manager) to cater to our seating requests in the most courteous and accommodating manner. Our waitress, Siobhan was also very helpful and replaced our water and utensils at a frequent interval. Furthermore, she allowed the food to come out at a slow but deliberately paced manner that allowed us to recover from each culinary experience. The entire ambiance reminded me of a lounge from the movie Casablanca, albeit, a bit loud depending on the number of patrons.

In terms of the food, my wife and I elected to do the Mezza tasting and only try one main meal. This is one of the only time in which I think less food would have been more preferable. This is crazy, but we definitely ordered enough food for 3-4 people, whereas the same menu at other expensive joints would have barely sufficed for 1-2. Our favorites were the sawdat djej (sauteed chicken liver) and the kibbeh nayyeh.  The raw lamb, mixed and mashed with onion, basil and marjoram blew us out of the water with this unique mouthfeel and scintillating aroma. Personally, I absolutely loved the sawdat, particularly because I was astounded on how the chefs were able to take something as strong and fatty as liver, and deliver it in a manner that made me question the very food I was eating. It felt like eating a liver-roe that exploded into a burst of rich umami flavors that was immediately cut down with the strong acidity from the pomegranate and lemon juice. To be honest, our dish had 6-7 pieces when all we needed was...I don't know, 1 or 2. Don't forget, you can get fresh pita from the oven at any point, and I love how they sprinkle just hints of salt and spices to keep you coming back. I didn't like the Fatteh such much, as it felt more like a messy, rich tortilla salad, and that just felt too much after the heavy dishes like lamb and chicken liver.

As for the drinks, I strongly recommend the arak cocktails as the anise flavor is definitely helpful and provides the needed break from the heavy dishes.

Overall, I strongly recommend Suraya for any foodies and definitely call early to set a reservation. I have also heard great things about brunch here, and that may lead to a revisit.

Food: 5 stars
Service: 5 stars
Price: 4-5 stars
Ambiance: 4-5 stars
I came here for dinner for my dad's birthday with my wife, sister, and cousin.  We are Lebanese, and my dad makes some of the best traditional Lebanese food I have ever had. My family is full of masterful cooks, so I am admittedly a harsh critic. And Suraya did not pass the test. The food was overall very disappointing, and definitely not respectable traditional Lebanese cuisine. 

The only reason for the three stars is the ambience and service. While it does not look or feel like a Lebanese restaurant, it has a gorgeous modern design. It is also huge and well lit. It looks more like a European cafe/restaurant to me.  It is definitely a very appealing atmosphere. That being said, we were seated at the back of the restaurant in an odd space near the server station. This was not an ideal area to have a table at all. I asked to be moved to a better area and was told there were no other tables for five available. We made reservations weeks prior, and I specified that it was my dad's birthday, so I was disappointed that they gave us the worse table in the place. 

The service was pretty good. Everything came out within a decent amount of time, and the server was nice and attentive. My dad enjoyed the Arak. 

Now for the food. For appetizers we ordered hummus, baba gannoush, fried kibbeh, kibbeh nayah, batata harra, fattoush and french fries with tomb (garlic sauce). All of these items were overpriced, and the nayah was grossly undersized. The appetizers were served with bread, which was the best thing we had in the restaurant. The bread is freshly baked and well made. However, none of the appetizers were traditionally made, and the only appetizer that was really good was the batata harra. The hummus was gritty and bland. The gannoush was also very bland. The fattoush was over spiced and did not have enough fried bread. The fried kibbeh was very undersized, too sweet, and not what kibbeh should be. The tomb was too thin and did not have enough garlic. The fries were a bit over fried. 

The kibbeh nayah was a joke. For $15, there was practically no lamb. Also, a perfect nayah should have just salt and pepper so the lamb can be the star.  What they did was mask the flavor of the raw lamb with odd herbs and spices, which were not tasty at all. 

For dinner, my dad ordered the kefta. I ordered the kawarma. My wife ordered the whole fish, and my cousin ordered the baby chicken. The whole fish was the best tasting dish of the entire night. The fish was grilled to perfection and topped with a delicious tomato sauce. However, it did not really represent a Lebanese dish to me. While whole fish is popular in Lebanon, it is certainly not representative of the heart of the cuisine. Also, at $40, it did not come with any sides and was extremely overpriced. 

The kawarma  did not taste like Lebanese-style lamb. It had a strange sweet pomegranate sauce on it. While it did not taste bad, it is undoubtedly a fusion dish. The portion was way too small for $27 and did not come with a side. I ordered a side of tumeric rice, and it was some of the worst rice I've ever had. It tasted mostly bland with an offensive after taste. It was also over cooked. It was not traditional Lebanese rice. Waste of $6.00. 

The kefta was not kefta. My dad could not even eat it. The flavors were foreign to him. For me, it did not taste terrible, but tasted nothing like kefta. I have more of an adventurous palate, so I thought the spice was interesting, but we all agreed it was a terrible kefta. The chicken was well spiced but there was not much meat on the chicken. It was also very overpriced. 

The kanafeh dessert was pretty good. The tehina hot chocolate was very unique. My dad did not like it, so I drank it.  

Overall, disappointing experience. They definitely sold out for more popularity. They dumbed down the flavors to cater to the American palate. Do I blame them? I guess not. But as someone who knows Lebanese food, I will not be back. Our experience made us very sad that Cedars on 2nd Street closed. I hope Cedars reopens. Philly is currently lacking a great Lebanese restaurant.
This review is really on their management style, and not on their food. 
My fiance and I have been here a few times, and thought it would be nice to take the family here for a nice dinner, because his parents are from Lebanon, and wanted a taste of home from a place that does it pretty well.
I understand it is during COVID, but we booked the reservation a month in advance, and we made the trip from New York today 10/11/2020. 

Upon arriving, we were told that they could not seat us and that our reservation was canceled due to inclement weather, so the garden was closed, and they could not seat a party of 5 indoors due to city restrictions. I was told I was called and left a text, however that was not the case, and they had the wrong phone number down. The woman was very cold and didn't really seem to care. I had to check my email afterwards to see that they had canceled my reservation after 2PM today for a 5PM reservation. We were already in Philly by that time, and honestly, less than 2 hours notice is a joke. We understand this is during COVID, but they should understand that as well, and at least provide a 24 hour notice, especially since rain had been in the forecast all week! Had we called to cancel with just a 2 hour notice WE WOULD HAVE BEEN CHARGED. It would have been nice to know any policy regarding rain WAY beforehand. I thought they would accommodate us somehow and not cancel with such short notice, especially since there was no rain before or after we left. 

We had to grab food elsewhere, which was beyond disappointing, and our family isn't planning on going back after this. You should invest in some tents as I've seen other restaurants do. You certainly have enough space. Please do a better job at planning and notifying customers during this time.
Absolutely wonderful! 

Love their Lebanese chai latte and the Tehina Hot chocolate - highly recommended. Not only did they taste delicious, but they were presented so beautifully. They serve the drinks and food in exquisite melamine plates and cups which I think you can buy along with other things like spices and condiments. 

The place is huge, with a cafe style seating as you enter, which goes on to become a well designed bar on the left and a cozy eating area on the right. 

Food was on point: we went on a weekend and they have a special brunch menu. Ordered a Kafta Kebab Plate (lebanese ground beef, hummous, spiced french fries, onion, sumac, tabouleh and pita) and a Lahm Bi-Ajeen (Lebanese flatbread with ground beef and spices). Both were delicious and were quite filling - the quantity was sufficient for two people.

This is probably one of the best Lebanese food I have eaten in Philly so I would highly suggest you check it out.
Came here for dinner. Tried their tasting menu since heard a lot about it. It comes with many 6apps and unlimited pita, 1 entree and dessert. The entrees were a decent portion. Favorite out of entrees were the grape leaves and hummus. Sooooo yummy. For entrees we had the kawarma (very soft delicious lamb but tiny tiny portion)and the samke harra which is their top seafood entree. Fish was a good portion and tasty but nothing amazing. For dessert we got the konafa which is different than other konafas I had since it had cheese but was tasty. 

Also of note was extremely tasty cocktails!
Pastry review: I'm floored. And so excited to have a place that creates beautiful kouign amann pastries just down the street! These beautiful creations are layers of pasty and sugar, baked to a delicious crisp outer shell with croissant-layered goodness inside. Other amazing highlights: the Jalousie - a buttery apple/date tart with pistachio and cinnamon; the cruller - an unbearably light, glazed donut sprinkled with pistachios. 

I plan on updating this review once I've really had a chance to dig deeper into the menu - and once the restaurant opens - but for now, these pastries will suffice. And the Stumptown Coffee and painstakingly interior - a lovely mix of Old World and New World touches - don't hurt, either!
Went to Suraya for dinner with 3 friends my first night in Philadelphia, and it lived up to all the hype and more.

The waitstaff was incredibly kind and helpful in directing our orders. The food was delicious. The unique cocktails were a nice surprise as well.

We ordered the babganoush, labneh, lamb sausage, lamb kebab, and chicken, and each dish was better than the next. The chicken was the star and not to be missed!
I had never heard of Suraya or visited Fishtown before lunch here. Presumably because I've been living under a rock! This Lebanese inspired restaurant and bakery deserves all the kudos it gets. Everything from the atmosphere to the food to the service was excellent. 

My party got an assortment of mezze to share. This is definitely the way to go. I especially liked the lamb hummus and zaatar pie with cheese, which makes the most of the zaatar spice. The pita was warm and fluffy, the other dips were hearty. Middle eastern inspired comfort food. 

For dessert we tried an assortment of freshly made pastries. I suggest asking your server what they have on hand that day. There was a chocolate tahini croissant I really liked, which was an excellent complement to the tahini hot chocolate with shaved halva on top. It looked like fur! This alone was one of the best drinks I've ever had. 

So yeah, it's worth a trip to check this place out. I can't wait to see it in the summer with the outdoor space.
Going to start off by saying the restaurant is beautiful inside, and the ambiance and service was good but that's as far as it goes. While the food here was tasty it wasn't anything special that I haven't already eaten at any low key middle eastern restaurant that also happened to be half the price. I have no problem paying for a pricey meal if it's worth it. The reviews I read about this place had me super excited to experience middle eastern food with maybe a little twist I hadn't expected or a new flavor combination or just something different but instead I got $22 dollar okay kebabs with no rice, some random grilled veggies and a little side of mediocre hummus. Dessert forget about it, $15 dollars for a slice of knafeh that I'm sure has nothing on Patterson NJ's middle eastern neighborhoods dessert places and a 1/3 of the price for the same exact thing but probably better. I don't know if it's that Fishtown is just all hype about anything that's not a bar, tacos, or whatever the hipster food is of the moment but I don't see the big deal about this place at all.
This restaurant is much larger than I expected, and they are expanding outdoors soon into a garden with lots of family-style seating.  The décor is modern and tasteful and there is a lot of sound dampening material in the ceiling but it's still fairly loud but not too bad.

There were quite a few "rules" that I felt could have been dispensed with such as:  you can't stand at the bar, you can't be seated until your whole party is here, if you want a drink while you're waiting go to the back of the restaurant in a waiting room and someone will take your order.  We found out all these rules because did all of the above bad things, ha ha.

We did get drinks and fairly quickly!  My cocktail had arak in it and bubbly and an aperitif that was a cross between Aperol and Campari.  Tasty.  The service was well done and efficient all night actually and the food was paced well.

I'm not sure if anyone has compared Suraya to Zahav (Philly's best Israeli/middle east restaurant whose chef has won many awards) but it beats Zahav in a few categories and not others.

Suraya's hummus is good, it has great spices and green herbs on it but it is just hummus.  Their baba ghanoush is excellent, great smoky flavor and some pomegranate seeds on top.  We had 6 mezzes and all were great.  The chicken livers were amazing, the sauce was beautiful and the livers perfectly cooked.  The chick pea eggplant combo salad (forgot the name) was out of this world, one of our favorites.  Spicy potatoes with long hots were very good.

We ordered only two mains due to the amount of mezzes, the lamb and the whole fish.  The lamb was melt in your mouth tender and had a perfect crust on top with tons of flavor.  Yoghurt and cucumber accompanied it.  The fish I thought was slightly overdone but the sauce was great.

Suraya is everything people are saying it is, but I was almost disappointed that it is so large, it's hard to explain but sometimes it's hard to believe a large place can be so good!
There's a lot to say about Suraya, ever since it opened it's only been getting bigger and busier but without compromising the quality of food. The decor is lovely and the entire atmosphere of the restaurant is sophisticated but still homey. The market area is my favorite, it just has a very classic look.

I came during brunch and ordered the zaatar and labneh wrap which was very delicious. It was very refreshing with the added mint and olives and is probably my favorite item on the menu. 

The bakery items are definitely a must-try, and the most popular item is probably the rose pistachio cruller. They do run out very quickly so make sure you go earlier in the morning! It's definitely worth it. 

I also ordered the tahini hot chocolate and this is where my only complaint about Suraya comes. I have been eating Lebanese food for my entire life and I wish this restaurant would take it a bit further with their flavors, it feels like for a lot of dishes they are sort of holding back. When I read tahini hot chocolate I really want to taste actual tahini, and I did not get that, it felt sort of watered down which was disappointing. It was also served lukewarm as opposed to hot.

Overall, Suraya provides a really enjoyable experience with delicious food. It's been interesting watching it grow over the past couple years and I'm sure it will only get better!
BOOM five stars 


Parking still available around back!!!! 
Covid wise- one of the best infection control conscious and heat conscious environments around! They take your temperature on your wrist- and all of the servers are protected. Tables are very very spaced apart! 

Menu - ALL orders are placed via ONLINE WEBSITE! But you will still have a server- Karellia is phenomenal. 

Heaters are by each table- you will not be cold!!!


Food here? DELICIOUS DECADENT DELICIOUS 
nothing further to report. It's hands down the best in the city. Both my NYC AND KIWI friends agree. 

Amazing ambiance, music is techno and hip. 


Will be BACK. And you should too.
After dining here, I finally get why it is impossible to get a reservation at this restaurant. The service was perfect, the atmosphere was beautiful, and the food was absolutely delicious. 
We started with a baba ghanouj, which had a nice smoked eggplant taste. You could actually taste the egg plant, it wasn't just blended into a purée like most places. 
The batata was essentially a crispy, spicy  potato dish. I would love to compare this to a more basic potato dish, like french fries or home fries, but you really can't... It's unique and a great small side for the meal. 
Abu sayf, if this is the only thing you remember from this review, then that's fine. It's a striped bass dish which was soft and flaky, yet crispy at the same time. The marinade is the best thing I've ever had, I can't describe it, so go try it. 
Lastly, the coffee and apricot ice cream dessert is a perfect way to end your meal.
This restaurant seriously blew me away and I couldn't have asked for better place to celebrate my birthday.
This very well may have been the best meal I've ever eaten. I came to Suraya early in the evening on the Saturday before Christmas. It wasn't super busy but the restaurant was certainly full. We were sat at the bar, which is where we prefer to dine but it should be noted that the bar is not first come, first serve. The hosts seat the bar so if you're hoping to just pop in an snag a seat it may be a little tricky.

The space is very light and airy but romantically, if not dimly lit. A couple at the bar a few seats away from us was using the flashlight on their phone to read the menu, but I enjoyed the ambiance. There are little plants hung on the walls and interesting light fixtures. This restaurant also has a BANGIN' patio with its own bar and gas heaters/fireplaces for the colder months.

Anywho, we sat at the bar and our lovely bartender, Zoe, greeted us and got our drinks. I had The Nightingale, an Arak cocktail off of their menu. The Arak flavor was a little overpowering for me but if you're into anise you'd like it. My date had a whiskey cocktail also off of the menu which he said he liked but wasn't thrilled about. I later ordered a glass of sauvignon blanc which cut right through the hearty lamb dish i later had. It was an actual miracle how well the two paired. 

As is typical for me, I asked Zoe for some recommendations since she has likely already discovered the best things on the menu. We took her word for it and ordered Baba Ganoush and Fatteh to split and OH EM EF GEE they were so good. I really wish this place had a tasting menu because I want to try every mezza they have but these two items were stellar. The baba ganoush has pomegranate seeds and they just balance out the hearty, smokey  eggplant so well. The fatteh is something I've never had before but whatever they are putting in that stuff is crack. CRACK. The flavor of the brown is so savory and comforting and the yogurt for balance. Plus the texture of the chickpeas with crunchy almonds and cashews. I was literally dead. And then I rose from the dead when our entree came. We split an entree because we went so hard on the apps. We went for, at Zoe's recommendation, Kawarma which is a slow roasted cut of lamb that is also perfectly charred on the outside. We tried to cut it in half and it just melted. I don't even like lamb but I figured "when in Rome". That was the best piece of meat I've eaten in a long time. How? How did they turn that meat into butter? I don't even want to know because it will ruin the magic.

Philly has no shortage of amazing restaurants but if you're in the area, do yourself a favor. Go to Suraya, let Zoe take excellent care of you, get some crack dip and some butter meat. And then wash it all down with a bright white wine. You won't be sorry.
Highly impressed with this restaurant experience, because that's what it is - you're not dining, you're having an experience. We were lucky to grab Sunday brunch reservations for 11:30 AM.  Any later, and even with a dedicated parking lot in the back, I can imagine time wasted looking for space in this compact Fishtown location.

Staff here are ON POINT. Everyone from the hostess to our server to the folks delivering our plates knew what they were doing and did it well. We ended up with a table for four in the back - happy because we were warm, we could hear each other talk, and it was a great spot for people-watching. Next time, for something different, though, I'd request in advance for counter seating so I can watch all the kitchen action!

We arrived early, so enjoyed a few minutes in their little marketplace. They scored a $35 set of copper measuring cups out of us - LOL.  As soon as we were seated, we began to order. Dishes arrived on time and in an orderly fashion - from the hummus with their pillowy soft pitas (allot about one pita per couple) and a chocolate & almond financier pastry to start off the morning with our coffees and rosehip tinted chai teas. 

"Man'oushe" (pronounced like "minutiae") are like tiny little flatbread pizzas. We ordered both the beef and gravlax version. Sublime, especially with their house brand hot sauce. The beet salad with grapefruit and falafels were a hit, as was the mezze plate sampler.

Beautifully done every step of the way. The kudos are well deserved from any angle.
Very impressed with Suraya! They have done an amazing job getting this restaurant up and running. It appeared that they've been in business for years, not just a few months. This has a lot to do with great management and very experienced staff.  
I love the open kitchen and overall warm atmosphere. Suraya welcomes you whether you're going there for a nice casual meal to a special occasion when you may want to look dapper. 
They have a lovely and lively bar with creative mixology and wine list. The food menu is just the right size. From small plates to large plates. I wanted to try everything! Hummus and baba ganoush were delicious, especially with the fresh hot bread! 
I chose the grilled lamb on the menu. Totally delicious! Lots of flavor and wonderfully presented on the plate. 
You will find the staff from start to finish very welcoming and accommodating. 
This is a very nice addition to Fishtown.
Our experience tonight at Suraya was superb to say the least. Upon arriving we were informed that because we didn't have a reservation that we could sit at the counter, but the wait would be about 45 minutes, which was totally understandable due to the recent hype this restaurant has been cumulating. The hostess took my phone number and the told us we could hang out in the garden and get some drinks while we waited for our spot to become available. 

The open air garden was like being transported to an exotic resort in a beautiful fire in county. I'm so glad I didn't wear jeans tonight because I would've felt so out of place amongst the beautiful detailed back patio and water feature. We sipped on Rose and Arak and took in the wonderful decor while we patiently waited for our table to be ready. Even before I was summoned via text message, a hostess was gracious enough to come and find myself and my friend to let us know our table would be ready shortly and that she would come and find us in a bit. Honestly some homestead forget about you and this restaurant had wonderful enough staff that is that attentive. Too notch service and we hadn't even eaten yet. 

We get escorted to the bar counter that overlooks the open kitchen and are explained how the menu works by our waitress Kerinena. She then asks if we would like any more drinks, and my friend Lisa lets her know that she can just take the rest of hers away (that we had gotten from the back bar) because she mixed the Arak in the traditional way with water, and wasn't liking it as much as when she hadn't added the water. My friend wasn't looking for any sort of pity, she just wanted our waitress to know she was finished with the drink and that she could take it away because had in her opinion essentially ruined it. 

We ordered three small plates and one entree to share: the hummus, the fried kibbeh (beef and bulger dumplings stuffed with seasoned ground beef * served with a mint- cucumber yogurt), the sumac French fries, and the Halabi Kebab entree 
(ground lamb kebab brushed with muhammara and seasoned with chili peppers, cinnamon, coriander & paprika * served with hummous, charred onion, tomato & pepper). The hummus was smooth and lemony and served with large puffy pitas that had just been freshly raised in their wood fire oven. The kibbeh was a little different and not what we had expected but definitely tasty. The sumac fries were crispy on the outside but warm in the inside seasoned with sumac which is sort of zesty yet a tad sour, but still delicious. The lamb kebabs were cooked perfectly and cut like butter. 

Upon finishing our waitress Kerinena told us that she had wanted to make the situation concerning the earlier disliked drink right and that she ordered us a dessert in the house for the inconvenience since we hadn't ordered any additional drinks that evening. What amazing customer service. My friend wasn't even complaining about the mishap, but our waitress went above and beyond to make sure that our first experience at Suraya was nothing but amazing. 

The food, the service, the attention to detail, the decor. Everything was impeccable. The experience we had at Suraya was top notch and made us feel like New York royalty or something of that caliber. I will definitely be coming back and bringing friends. Very highly anticipated and very well executed
love this place!!! the interior is AMAZING and so beautiful, it just makes the entire experience so much better! i love the open kitchen. it makes everything so open and great and interactive in a sense.  everyone is super friendly at this place, even the bartenders who are ferociously whipping up amazing drinks are super friendly, and it is ALWAYS packed.

we ordered a couple dishes among 4 of us girls.  keep in mind, the food comes out here in COURSES. so it comes out in a batch, and gives a bit of time before the next "courses" come out. so don't think "why isn't our food coming out?". this is GREAT because it really helps you enjoy the entire experience without rushing and having so much food on the table at once.

TLDR; just get everything. everything here is delicious, no matter which dish you decide. keep in mind, this place is DELICIOUS because of all the combos of incredible spices, and SUPER flavorful. your tastebuds will explode and you will be mindblown. the spices yo.

FATTEH - HIGHLY RECOMMEND. this is the best dish out of all the dishes we ordered in my opinion, even though everything was BOMB. the chickpeas, yogurt, and the EGGPLANT. its so good!!! so light but so hearty. you won't regret it! the eggplant doesn't taste eggplant-y at all. and its in small pieces too you won't even realize it.

SUMAC FRIES - please get this as well. i love fries, and these are seasoned perfectly. the flavors are strong (like cajun seasoning strong), but sumac flavor strong and it is DELICIOUS. the fries are super crispy on the outside, and hollow/soft on the inside. its cooked to perfection. kinda reminds me of five guys fries, but upgraded LOL if you don't like strongly seasoned things, this isn't for you. but then the entire menu isn't for you then.

KAFTA KEBAB - this is the beef kebab, and it is plentiful! the roasted tomato, peppers, and onion is PERFECT with the beef. it comes with a side of hummous as well, and everything meshes perfectly together.

WARAK ENAB - these are the stuffed grape leaves. PLEASE GET THIS TOO. it comes in 4 pieces, with a dollop of yogurt and sprinkles of shallots on top. and it is AMAZING. tangy, salty, sweet, everything i dont know what to say, but it is SO good. if you aren't adventurous, maybe this might be weird to you, but it is super tangy and delicious.

MUHAMMARA - yesssss the roasted red pepper and walnut dip. it is so light and delicious, i could sit and dip all day long. there is pomegranate sprinkled on the top, and its not overpowering at all, and just lightly refreshens your taste buds while you enjoy the other flavors as well.

i believe all the mezzas come with a side of bread/pita. its puffed up, and so soft and crispy and delicious.

TIP: MAKE RESERVATIONS BEFOREHAND. they are 100% committed to tables, and it is always packed here, so if you want to dine, make reservations. we came here without reservations, and we had to sit at the bar, but that was a long wait. we waited around an hour?  which isn't bad at all, but it is hard to share dishes with 4 people sitting side by side at the bar. cafe is always open too if you wanna pick something up real quick (LIKE THEIR CHAI LATTE. the rose petals on it are so awesome. gram worthy)

ANOTHER TIP: There is restaurant parking behind the restaurant in a HUGE lot! You can park anywhere there! look up on their website for exact location. there is a lot of street parking everywhere as well.

can't wait to try here for brunch!
I came to Suraya for breakfast on a Friday so only the flatbreads and pastries in the cafe area were available.  I ordered a half za'atar half cheese flatbread and really liked it! I was expecting the za'atar and cheese to be mixed together on the flatbread so I was a little surprised when they were separated in halves. I have to admit I liked the cheese side a tad bit more, but regardless both sides were super tasty. 

The ambiance of the place is super cute and the cafe area in particular made me want to pull out a book and sit there all day. The cafe area also has a little market to shop at as well. Overall, I really enjoyed Suraya and hope to come back for the full brunch menu one day!
I came here twice. 

The first time made this place jump all the way to the best restaurant I've ever been too, then the second time, I never wanted to come back. 

The first time I came here service was great, the food was even more amazing, the bill came out to be extremely expensive, but it didn't matter, I enjoyed the 1-hour long wait steak so much I didn't care that the place was extremely dim-lighted so much that I could barely see my food indoors. 

The second time, we were seated outside uncomfortable squished in between a couple and a family. The server we had who was asian, brushed me off more than 5 times, she wasn't attentive, and quickly got the family next to me more times than they needed. The service horrible, and honestly the steak wasn't as good as last time. It wasn't worth $100 anymore. 

I don't care if I come back to this place, because the server was really bad last time and the seating was horrific. They should have a better strategy with seating people outside. 

Parking: Street parking. Good Luck, it's fishtown.
Price: Expensive, prepare to pay a lot. 
People: Upscale, Bourgeoise. 
Place: Decorated beautifully, NEEDS better lighting. There's a difference between intimate and straight up dark room. 
Food: Meh-Good-Great. Toss up. 
Service: Great-Terrible. Toss up. Good luck. 

Bottom-line: If I'm paying an arm and a leg, I expect the service and food to be worth it. It's not.
I've never experienced worse service at a place that I would consider a great restaurant.

My family was visiting from New Hampshire and we called Suraya on a Saturday morning to see if they had reservations for that night. They said they were completely booked which is understandable since we were last minute. 

However, I asked if they accept walk-ins and that we had 5 people and a baby. They said they do and that the could seat us and serve the full menu in their front market area and that it was likely that if we got there when they open we would be able to be seated. 

I also asked if they had their outdoor seating open and if they served the full menu outside and they confirmed the same thing, that it was first done first served.

So, we planned our day so we could arrive to Suraya when they opened, we walked in the front and they said we couldn't walk to the back yard through the restaurant, so we had to walk around the back to the outdoor area and after talking with the hostess they told us that they do not in fact serve the full menu out back even though we were told on the phone that morning and by the hostess in front that they do.

We decided to be seated at the communal table to regroup and asked to speak with a manager. After sitting for about 15 minutes the manager still didn't show up, so we finally decided to leave and check out the new restaurant Aether down the street who accommodated us, wonderfully.
I've been to Suraya now for dinner and brunch and I can honestly say it lives up to the hype. Both times were excellent and I already can't wait to go back.

The atmosphere alone is enough to go. Light and airy with beautiful decor. I love the front shop with all the pretty dishware and spices. I haven't gotten to sit outside yet, but the back courtyard will be amazing once the weather gets warmer again. 

I highly recommend the fatteh for dinner. It is like crack. Definitely the best thing I've eaten in a long time. The crispy potatoes, fried kibbeh, and rice were all great. The muhammara wasn't my favorite, but it was still good. Would just order another dip next time. 

For brunch, the cruller was everything. I am not a pastry/sweet person, but it was amazing. I also loved the manoushe with cheese, tomato, onion, long hot and parsley. You have to get the egg on top which just completes the perfection. We also got the mezze platter, which was a perfect mix of different foods. I loved the six minute egg, which was so delicious, coated in a spicy and salty cashew dukkah. We didn't drink for brunch, but I have my eyes on their bloody mary version for the next time! 

Suraya definitely elevates the food game in Philly! Can't wait to go back.
Drop dead beautiful. The ambience and the decor is pretty much one of the best I've seen in the city. 

Walked in without a reservation on a Saturday night around 9pm. I recommended you DON'T do that and save yourself the anxiety since they now take reservations for brunch and dinner. The bar was the only area that seated walk-ins and luckily 2 seats open up shortly after we walked in.

We ordered the Fatteh, based on the bartender's recommendations and it was mouthwatering. Chickpeas with Tahini yogurt topped with brown butter and other delicious flavors - ugh, this description simply doesn't do it justice. We also ordered the hummus which came second to the Fatteh, but still enjoyable. Both came with soft, warm pita bread

I'm eager to return for brunch since the menu is quite different. My eyes and my stomach are set on the man'oushe and the Lebanese chai latte :)
Easily one of my current favorite restaurants in Philadelphia, Suraya has been my primary reason for venturing north of Spring Garden. I have been here about 5 times for dinner, ranging from eating in an intimate setting to a large group of 10 for a chef tasting.
Celebrating their Lebanese/middle eastern heritage, the owners have done a tremendous job with the details. Everything from the cutlery to the spices are imported from the middle east, which makes it authentic. I really love the lighting layout in the front of the cafe area and also at the bar. Let's also talk about their floors - wow. Even their bathroom soap smells good. Can we give them a round of applause? Details, details, details.

Their garden in the back is great for happy hour when you want a fresh drink + a side of hummus (top 3 hummus in the city for me) or baba ganoush (smokey flavor with a pop of pomegranate - their choice of garnish for all things zesty) . Note that their full dinner menu is not available in the happy hour/garden area.
Dinner has always been a positive and relaxing experience. I recommend coming with a small group of 4 for ideal family style sharing + the ability to actually try multiple dishes. Reservations are a must though, unless you get lucky like I did a few weeks ago for brunch.

Some of my favorites:
any of the kebabs, baba ganoush, hummus, fatteh (crispy chickpeas!), sawdat djej (the sauce on the chicken livers is soo good), any of the flatbreads + the addicting tumeric rice. The pita is more on the dried end but it goes well with the baba ganoush and hummus - perfect for dipping. Please also save room for the Kanafeh for dessert - it is out of this world.
It's like...having cheese for dessert. Wait, you can totally do that.
Last but not least, even the cocktails are great (for a non-drinker like me). I have tasted the prophet, sand & foam, and the poet. Out of those, the Poet is my personal favorite.

If you haven't been, make a reservation today!
The friendly service and welcoming faces are a nice change from some of the "cooler than thou" attitudes that seem to reign in Fishtown these days.  I hope it's contagious, because I loved my time spent here.

Seriously.  That fire pit.  I'm moving in!

It's somehow colorful and minimal, open and cozy at the same time.  It's magic.

Oh, and the food.  Delicious!  Falafel sandwich and chicken wrap sandwich were both tasty, with fresh pickles and cilantro.  Traditional hummus was also delicious, colorful, and served with a puffy pita fresh from the oven.  Mmm.

I stopped back at the counter on the way out to pick up some pastries to go, because I just couldn't resist.  UPDATE: YUM.  The rose & pistachio cruller was delicious if you're into floral flavors.  The lattice-topped apple pastry was an absolute crowd pleaser.

There are interesting food and beverage offerings in the market, and the hand painted Turkish bowls and mugs are absolutely stunning.  If you need a last minute holiday gift, this would be a great place to pick up a special little something!

Prices are a tad steep, but the overall experience was flawless, with friendly counter service and invisible wait staff.
I would be in complete bliss if I could spend the day here. I think what stands out about Suraya, is how versatile it is. Few places can pull off the range of bakery, lunch, drinks, and dinner options well. The space itself is incredible. I loved the openness and the beautiful lighting and decor. The decor was chiq and elegant, and reminiscent of Anthropologie.

Morning: Start off with pastries in the front cafe/bakery. Most notably, the rose-pistachio flavored Cruller, which was perfectly fluffy and light. Pair it with a rosewater Chai Latte. 

Brunch: When I came here for brunch, my friend and I got the crispy chickpea hummus and the Lam Bi-Ajeen, Lebanese flatbread with beef, tomato, onion, and spices. Both were very good, though I will still admit that the hummus and pita can't compare to Zahav's. 

Afternoon: Spend the afternoon in the garden with some cocktails. I've had the Sand & Foam, which I thoroughly enjoyed.

Dinner: My friend and I were eager to try a range of items, so we ended up sharing four mezzas and two of the main dishes. For the appetizers we got Baba ganoush, fried kibbeh (fried beef dumplings), fatteh (chickpeas, eggplant, crispy pita, yogurt), samke nayah (raw yellowtail). The highlight was definitely the fatteh, which was the most unique, and the crispiness of the pita balanced well with the yogurt. The baba ganoush was very good, and came with massive pita breads. The fried kibbeh was good, but I felt a little too dense and perhaps a little bit too overcooked/dry. The samke nayah was delicious, but given the portion size, may be a bit overpriced. For the main courses, we got the Halabi Kebab (Ground lamb kebab which came with hummus and peppers) and the Abu Sayf (grilled striped bass). The Kebab was the best of the two - the lamb was extremely flavorful and well-cooked although perhaps a tad on the salty side. The abu sayf was just OK, in my opinion the flavor was a little subtle and the fish cooked a bit too dry.

Although there are a couple dishes that could use a little work, the overall food was delicious, and combined with the ambience and decor, make this place one of my favorite restaurants in the city!
Beautiful restaurant, the decor is incredible making it such a gem, but service was a concern. 

We came in today at 1pm to get a glass of wine so we sat at the bar and a hostess came up and said, "we actually don't have a bartender at the moment, your welcome to be seated at a table." We explained we just wanted to have a drink and sit outside in their back patio area and she looked uncertain so she said she'd ask. She comes back and says "you can order at the cafe and then take it outside." So we go over to the cafe where the gentleman at the register said he wasn't sure how to ring it and didn't know the types of prosecos or wine they have, so he needed to go ask. Then another gentleman comes over and describes the wines and proceeds to ring it and then goes to pour it. So we ask "should we go find a seat outside and you all will bring it to us?" He responds "I'll pour it for you and you can take it outside yourselves." Okay....never have heard of that kind of service before. There are over a dozen servers, bus boys and hostesses mid day and we go from the bar, to the cafe, to the bar, then outside. No offer to bring us waters, on an 85 degree day, no attention, it was like we were an inconvenience from the very beginning. For a restaurant that advertises a decorum that's internationally appealing it certainly doesn't provide service that's customary in an international setting. I'm not certain we will return.
Ms D and I received a gift certificate to Suraya from our kids for Christmas this year.  More accurately, we received one from kid B  and one from kid C.  There is no kid A, but there are daughter-in-laws A and D.  I digress.  We're trying to make our way through the top 50 in Philly and Suraya came in number 1.  So yeah, we're all in!  And now we know why.  We weren't sure what to order, but our waiter was awesome and gave us a few hints. Wish I knew his name, but perhaps he'll remember us.  I'll share with you that the lamb hummus was recommended and was incredible.  Even MsD who doesn't eat meat came back for seconds on the lamb hummus. We ordered family style, since of course we are a family and got a smattering of everything.  Our waiter suspected we ordered a little too much, but just a little.  The kabob plate had a properly done shish touk with incredible spices. The stick was out and the meat easily pulled apart for delicious enjoyment. The hummus, taboula and fries all were nicely spiced and were quickly family consumed. We had a mezze plate and if i had to do it again, i wouldn't have ordered this. The traditional hummus, 6 minute egg and the cashew dukkah were all tasty treats, but we just had too much food. The gravlax was to die for!  Think flatbread pizza on pita bread with lox and za'atar topping.  OMG, could have eaten two of these.  DIL-A had the beet salad which KidB and MsD picked out, but beets are not my thing.  So I'll just take their word that it was very good. We did have a little left over, but not much. And yeah the hummus was warm and clearly fresh and certainly the most flavorful hummus I've ever had.  Especially the lamb hummus.  The best part is that the brunch was not outrageously priced, all this for under $100.  So we still have a gift certificate left to experience dinner on another day.  I CAN'T WAIT!!!  Suraya, we'll see you again real soon.
This restaurant is simply amazing. I went for a late lunch and was so satisfied with my order. I split a lamb flatbread with my cousin, and we each got a platter. The platter was huge and came with a protein, fries, tabuleh, hummus, pita, and a yogurt dipping sauce. The price was pretty on point. I believe we each spent $40 but totally worth it.
This restaurant is probably one of the best Lebanese & Mediterranean restaurants I have ever been to. You have to move mountains in order to make a reservation but the hype is so worth it.
When you walk in, the restaurant itself is enormous and very charming. The ambiance is calm and relaxing and the service is really prompt and friendly too. 
I came in a group of four and we ordered everything family style. Firstly, we started off with drinks: I got the rose water lemonade (which was delicious, also because I have an affinity for anything rose) and my friends got a cocktail with cucumber and tequila in it and they said it was really good and refreshing. 
We started with the baba ganoush, muhumarra, fatteh and the fried kibbeh. They give you warm pita bread too that you can tell it came straight out of the oven. The baba ganoush was so savory and tasty and the muhamarra was not really spicy but it was more red peppery based. The fatteh was like a creamy chickpea dip that had more substance (less pureed) and I don't eat beef but my friends said that the fried kibbeh was amazing too. They accidentally brought out the batata harra for us but they actually took it off the bill for us and we are so glad that we got the potatoes as an accident because they were so flavorful and delicious. 
Next our entrees were the kawarma and the dorado. They were AMAZING. The kawarma is so soft it can literally melt in your mouth and it has a savory pomegrante sauce aftertaste that leaves you feeling more than satisfied. Usually I prefer my fish without the head and tail, but regardless of that the dorado was amazing because the fish itself was cooked so perfectly and the sauce that it came with was rich and flavorful. You could literally eat the sauce off the plate, that's how good it was! 
We got a side of sumac fries because I love sumac, but I just thought they were okay. I wish we had a sauce to dip them in.
Overall I am SO happy with my experience here and making a reservation ONE MONTH in advance just to eat here was so worth it. I can't wait to come here again and try the other lamb dish: the helabi kabob!
What a fantastic brunch. I have nothing but positives to say about my experience at Suraya. The environment is open and bright. 
The service was fantastic. 
My favorite thing I ordered was the Lebanese Chai tea. Smelled like a bath bomb!! Tasted amazing.
The baba ganoush was perfect. The pomegranate added the perfect crunch and sweetness. I enjoyed the traditional hummus as well. The highlight of the meal was the Gravlax Man'oushe. Amazing!!! Will be back.
I was very skeptical of this place because it looked so fancy and the staff didn't seem the most authentic to me. Actually when getting inside I was intimidated by the lady because it was like a mandatory reservation kind of place, even on a Wednesday night. But after getting a seat at the open bar and looking at the lovely couples, this place had a nice ambiance, romantic and lively. 

The food was just as amazing as the fancy decor, it was delicious. The bartender gave us a wonderful run through of the entire menu. Of course being foolish I ended up ordering four courses, I might as well next time get the set that comes with a selection of thefour courses. It might have been wiser. I would say their food is very shareable and it has an interesting but simple menu.

We first tried the baba ganoush and after the first bite it was blowing me away. It was Smokey yet smooth, nutty but subtle, it was pretty yet interesting but most of all a brand new addictive taste. It had amazing balance with the pomegranate seeds. may I say this might be my favorite appetizer we ordered?

We then tried the batata hara- crispy potatoes with lemon and cilantro. For any potato lover like myself, I could not help but order something with potato and lemon. It was tasty, crispy but bold- the flavors that were mild and spicy. It was friedto perfection and not greasy or overbearing.

Then we tried the kafta kebab. It comes with hummus and roasted vegetables. It was interesting that the grilled vegetables esp those dam tomatoes were my favorite dish of the night. It gave me a smile and excitement, a feeling that ensured suraya I was going to be back. 
If I could just order the grilled veggies in bulk I would be content and satisfied for the night.The veggies were smoked and grilled to perfection and the beef was great to eat along with it. Not too dry not too greasy and flavor profile fit the bill. 

Finally for desert we had the kanafeh, a traditional melted cheese pie that you pour rose blossom syrup upon. The nuttiness and buttery flavor from the pistachios mixed with the mild cheese was colorful and a delight. 

All in all, I'm going back for the brunch. I recommend this place and I recommend giving it the benefit of the doubt even if you are not into super fancy posh places like myself. 
The food here speaks for itself
The outdoor space is also incredible. There's a dedicated parking lot directly across in Fisht own. The details in this restaurant are impeccable. All the textures, designs, colors, and music please the senses.  Food is brought to you by the owners of Root and Café La Maude, which can only mean one thing: Quality.
My fiance and I finally made it out to Suraya after hearing raving reviews about it. I'll try to keep this short and to the point... overrated and overpriced food with a side of a beautiful ambiance. great drinks though! 

Food: We got the taste of Suraya ($58/person). It came with a lot of different hummus dishes to try, unlimited pita, choice of 2 appetizers, entrees, and desserts. My favorite hummus was the eggplant mushroom one while my fiance liked the red pepper one. Unfortunately there wasn't anything that special. For $116, we've both had better meals that were more unique and delicious. 

Drinks: DELICIOUS! I've heard great things about the rose water spritz, and they lived up to the hype! It was really fragrant and refreshing. I could only imagine drinking this on a hot summer day. My fiance also got another cocktail that looked very cool and tasted great. It had some ginger beer in it, but I don't recall what it was called. 

Ambiance: The restaurant is so beautiful and spacious. I never would have imagined it to be like this from the storefront. The details decorating the wall behind the bar, the tiles, the BEAUTIFUL outdoor garden, the water fountain, even the campfire in the garden, all just exquisite. Whether winter or summer, it is great. 

Overall, I don't think we'll be back. It's too out of the way to come JUST for drinks and the food does not justify the price.
Suraya was one of the most anticipated restaurants to open in Philadelphia in 2017. I had read about it, and I love Cafe La Maude and was really excited to get there. I really don't know why I waited so long but after a few months of not getting to Suraya, we finally ceased an opportunity on a Sunday afternoon in May for our first visit.

Suraya is fairly large space and it is well designed and beautiful. It is also a refined and comfortable setting. The entire staff was very attentive friendly and helpful. The menu is diversified without being too large. We ordered the slow roasted lamb hummus, the éclat chocolate yogurt and the beet salad. All three dishes were excellent and with a delicious array of flavors. Everything was very memorable and that is hard to find these days. The pastries were outstanding also, especially this short bread Lebanese crack thing with a pistachio filling. If you like short bread and pistachio. find this on the menu and order it. Maybe order two.

I was very impressed with Suraya and hope to get back here very soon for dinner.
[This review was made in 1/2021 during the COVID-19 pandemic]

In my four years living in Philadelphia back in college, Suraya had always been the spot that so many of my friends would mention when I asked them about their favorite restaurants. While I may be an alum, I'm still in the Philly area and was able to enjoy a meal at Suraya with my friends for the first time and tldr it was just amazing.

While we were in the middle of the pandemic and seating was outdoors, it did not stop us from enjoying the evening. Outdoor heaters were abundant not only for heat but as sources for light -- not to mention we were given a pretty warm welcome.

I will confess, I've never had Lebanese food before, but after my experience at Suraya, I will be on the lookout for more Lebanese food -- that or I can just come back to Suraya for seconds. For tonight we enjoyed the hummous, fatteh, kafta kebab, shish taouk, and kawarma. For the three of us, all of this was more than enough to fill us up.

The food was delicious, the staff was extremely attentive, and the design of the place was beautiful especially at night time. There really wasn't too much more I could ask from a restaurant. Will see you soon, Suraya!
If you're in Philly you MUST visit Suraya. Was in town for a quick day trip but had seen so many glowing reviews about this restaurant so had to check this place out.

The two of us did the prix fixe which was $68 per person "a taste of suraya". It came with an assortment on appetizer / mezza for the table. 

Appetizers / Mezza: My favorite was the walnut hummus dip (the colors were just amazing and it was nutty / sweet yet savory) and the eggplant dip (slightly smoky). For the prix fixe, you also get to pick a mezza in addition to the ones preset for the table. We opted for the fatteh, which was a warm dish with chickpea, grilled eggplants (chopped into rounds, not mush!), with pita and yogurt toppings. We also got the kibbeh nayyeh - raw lamb with lots of seasoning. I thought the lamb was fresh but the seasoning and flavor was a novelty for me but I REALLY liked the fatteh (eggplants, sauce, pita mix). The appetizers were SO colorful and came with pita to dip, so many sauces to try.

Main dish: By this point, I was honestly already full but we still had the mains to eat! For the prixe fixe, each person gets to pick one main. We got the kawarma - lamb with yogurt dip and the grilled shrimp The lamb flavoring was amazing, super stringy and the texture paired with the yogurt sauce was just wow. The shrimp was good too, it was grilled so you can definitely taste the grilled flavoring. The main dishes were a great portion but I was definitely stuffed at this point.

Dessert: This meal was already pretty awesome and then came the dessert, which I was basically dying at this point because I was so full (but there's always room for dessert). These desserts are chef's choice. These desserts were HUGE. There was one that I REALLY liked, which was a light minty / herb foam topping with ice cream, served in a very fancy glass goblet, the layers were amazing and it was refreshing, not too sweet (no pictures because I was too excited to eat this). The other dessert dish was puff pastry that had a soft cream inside, this was served on a bed of strawberries - these strawberries were extra flavorful because it was coated in a reduction of berries, berries on berries!

At the end of the meal, I definitely was beyond full but was so content with the food. We STILL had leftovers which made for a nice after dinner snack later that night. Overall, highly highly recommend this spot. The service is also really great here (we didn't know we were able to order two mains at first since the ordering is via an app but the waiter came on to check on us to make sure we actually meant to order one type of main, they also came by frequently to check on us as we were eating). Food here is phenomenal. Book a reservation in advance because they fill up but you will leave very happy and very full!
Dined at the cafe area twice and won't be back.

* bland food
* insane prices (17 dollars for a tiny, tasteless chicken kebab sandwich??)
* robotic, cagey counter help

Perhaps the restaurant area is more enticing, but you'll have to let me know. They're laughing all the way to the bank 

ps. It kinda goes without saying, but Fishtown's nouveau riche is on full display here.
This restaurant definitely deserves to be on the Top Restaurants in Philly for their food but definitely not for their service. Make sure you have plenty of time when you go to this restaurant because everything takes a longgggg time to come out. 

They offer a tasting menu but we didn't think it was worth it so we didn't do the tasting menu. 

We started out with the hummus and fried kibbeh. Both were delicious. The fried kibbeh was interesting to say the least. It's basically a beef dumpling with a cinnamon sugar taste. The sweetness threw me off a bit but it was great. 

Then for the main course, we ordered DJEJ MESHWI (chicken) and ABU SAYF (swordfish). The chicken was unbelievable. Cooked so well and the potatoes that came with it were great. The swordfish was ok. I've never been a huge fan of sword fish but it was recommended by the waiter so we tried it. The sauce was so yummy (dipped the potatoes from the chicken dish into it) but the fish was just ok. Good dinner overall but not dying to get back there.
