I always shop at swag when the wait is long at Dos Segundos, and I always walk out with a cool little treat. I love the selection of greeting cards, they include Rifle Card Co (prettiest designs!). Be sure to check out the jewelry towards the back... gorgeous pieces! This little boutique has a great selection of quirky and kitschy gift items for all ages- from babies to adults. Stop by between margaritas.
I frequently walk past this shop and peer into the window at all the knick-knacks. This place is right on 2nd Street in Northern Liberties. SWAG has tons of kitschy things like Philly themed mugs, weird cards, handmade soap, local art, and a wall of crazy socks.

One of my favorite things to pick up here is cards because they are funny - similar to what you might see in Paper Source. They also have great gifts for anyone on your list.

The people who work here are super nice as well. They are willing to have a conversation with you and recommend something in the shop. On my last visit, I just happen to be there while they were participating in a shop local event and was giving a whipped vanilla drink. Definitely a must shop boutique in the Northern Liberties!
Swag is one of my go to "I need a gift for someone and am at a loss" stores. They have a really great assortment of random, fun gadgets and gifts with a focus on funky kitchen stuff. The back of the store is mostly jewelry--very reasonable priced and lovely jewelry that is. My absolute favorite is their selection of greeting cards. I have laughed out loud while reading them. I almost always walk out with a gift, a card, and a little something something for myself when I visit Swag. My wallet has never weeped after either. They're closed Mondays and Tuesdays. I always find Tuesday closures a real bummer, but they are open pretty late in the evening for a NoLibs boutique, so I'll give them that.  

Purchases I've made include awesome rings, mustache sandwich/cookie cutters, a pen holder in the shape of a body outline, awesome cards, squirrel ornaments, etc. etc. Parking around Swag is also pretty easy. Go.
Love Swag!! Every time I go into the store I find something adorable to purchase!

I have 'munchstaches' I bought a few years ago which are mustache shaped cookie cutters! I have had such fun baking with them and they have become a signature baked good of mine when attending guests houses! Everyone loves them! 

The owner is the sweetest too, she always makes the experience pleasant. I have never left Swag without a smile on my face!
This place is just about as adorable as they come.  It's a great store for the perfect gift, particularly for the person that's hard to buy for.  They have creative and clever products which I haven't seen anywhere else.  They also have gorgeous jewelry (mostly costume), which is reasonably priced and trendy.  The store owner is really sweet and usually mans the store herself.  Definitely plan to be stopping here for all of my gift shopping!
Damn we're lucky to have so many cute boutiques in Philadelphia! I stopped by Swag after seeing some of the cute things Christine and Katrina picked up there during last weekend's NoLibs Shopping Spree. I didn't have a clear plan going in so I left empty-handed, but that doesn't mean I didn't enjoy ogling all the cards, jewelry, kitchen gadgets and other trinkets that stocked the shelves. This would be a great shop to visit before a housewarming party or a visit to a friend who has everything. I'll definitely return, next time with a game plan!
Really cute little store with a super friendly girl behind the counter. There is an assorted collection and here are some of the highlights:
- All kinds of stuff for crazy cat ladies - books, mugs, socks, etc
- Jewelry
- Kitchen/food/beverage goodies - everything from glass water bottles (I almost bought one) to specialty drink/cocktail/tea items to actual cooking gadgets
- Kid stuff - including cute onsies, toys, etc
- Paper items - books, cards, stationary, things to keep you organized
- Stuff that smells good - candles, perfumes, lotions

We stopped in after eating lunch at Cantina Dos Segundos to grab a gift for our weekend hosts. Items like books or kitchen gadgets can probably be found for less on Amazon if you know what you're looking for but for ad hoc purchases and as a place to get gift ideas when you're uninspired, the prices were mostly reasonable and I was particularly surprised that the handcrafted jewelry wasn't exorbitantly priced. Swag Boutique also wraps gifts in complimentary gift bags and ribbon - a nice touch and very convenient when you're picking something up en route to your host/party.
Wow I could get into a lot of trouble here.  Swag has a bunch of cool odds and ends and I could easily do allll my Christmas shopping here this year.  Great jewelry selection in the back of the store and super reasonable prices on everything too.
I am falling more and more in love with this boutique every time I visit!  Too bad it is a semi-long distance relationship for me.  Worth the trip every time.  

First and foremost, it is such a joy that the owner of the boutique is so involved with the daily goings-on of the place and is such a fixture there.  She is not only knowledgeable, but friendly as well. And it's clear that she stands behind every item in the store and will only put out for sale items that she feels will stay true to the boutique's overall brand.  

Luckily, those items are all - time and time again - great!  From the housewares to the jewelry, you'll be hard-pressed to visit SWAG without leaving with something fun to take home.  Even better, you won't have to spend too much money on anything there either.   Don't worry - you won't be foregoing quality by spending less.  It's just that SWAG has many, many items that are beyond reasonably priced.  

So really, the only question that remains is:  why haven't you gone yet?
My friend and I decided to have a Christmas shopping session and Swag was the first little shop we stumbled across.  We were instantly greeted by the store's adorable and super-friendly owner and drawn in by all of the unique and fun finds that Swag has to offer.  We started oohing and aahing over items and were super excited to see that these great gifts were so affordably priced!  Even better was that the store was celebrating its anniversary and was offering 25% almost everything in the shop.  I was also very impressed with the owner's ability to be totally available and engaged with us but never overly attentive (you know...in that creepy/obnoxious shopkeeper shadow kind of way).  In the end, I walked away with some great jewelry and a quirky little Christmas gift and my friend knocked off a whole side of her family tree's Christmas shopping.  I will definitely be checking this store out more regularly in the future and I suggest that you guys do the same!
This is a great store to go to for unique and fun gifts! They also have a great jewelry and accessory selection. I always leave the store with something in my hand and about 10 other things I wish I could buy too! 
The girls working are always kind and helpful & the gift wrap option is always convenient and beautifully done! Overall this is a great store and always a great place to stop in when you're in the neighborhood!
This store is SO DARN CUTE.  My BF and I were walking in the snow coming back from an art opening at Jinxed when we stopped in to get out of the windy cold.  We had just been talking about getting key caps for our keys (he just moved to No Libs) and there were some really cute ones with little monkey heads making faces.  They had other cute kitchen items and lots of cool arts and crafts from Philadelphia artists/artisans.  And Hello Kitty.  I am a sucker for her and I will never outgrow her.  

The salesperson was super sweet and helpful.  Definitely will return to get gifts whenever a birthday or special occasion happens, they seem to have something for everyone.
What a great little boutique! After walking past about a million times since it opened, I finally stopped in on Saturday to do a little Christmas shopping. I was really impressed with all the cute and reasonably priced kitchen items.  I picked up an adorable Fred brand silicone oven mitt (that kind of looks like Kermit the Frog) for one lucky person on my list.  I browsed the card section and will definitely do my birthday card shopping here from now on. Sooo much better than the generic variety you find at your local Walgreen's or Target. 

In the back there were a bunch of jewelry and locally made crocheted baby items (cute little hats, booties, etc). This is a great store for gifts but note the strict return policy: per my receipt, you must return the item within 10 days and only for store credit.
I live in one of the Philly burbs and stubbled upon this store while spending the afternoon in Northern Liberties.  Absolutely loved it!!! I would have bought at least one of everything if I could have ;)  I ended up buying a couple Christmas gifts and something for myself.  I will definitely be back!  

The young woman who owns the store is also very sweet and sociable.
Aww it's no longer a secret, but then how could I expect it to be??? Awesome boutique for gifts (and things for yourself :)) Butttt since Xmas is approaching we were being good and only went in with buying for others in mind...Even better was the holiday shopping promotion in Northern Liberties this weekend!! Discounts on the already good prices?? SCORE!!

We walked away with 2 bags filled with goodies.  Some of which I've been eyeing online and some of which I've been eyeing at the MoMA store in nyc.  But you cant beat the prices at Swag, the promotions they join in and well the super friendly service doesn't hurt.

Next time I'm setting aside time to shop for myself!! (ugly doll mugs? YES pls! ugly doll cookie jar? OK! pure soy candle i can use to battle winter? Add it on. funky cookie cutters? Ooooh!  The list goes on.....*hint hint wish list hint hint*)
Cute, great, affordable, unique, and something for everyone.  Just go in and check out the jewelry (pretty and inexpensive).  Lots of different stuff.  You won't be disappointed and you will probably find more to buy than not.
Super cute boutique located right next to Dos Segundos in Northern Liberties - with its Tiffany Blue walls,  the owners being uber congenial and an inventory full of surprises, this is a great one stop shop for unique gifts of all kinds.

What I love about this place is that it features, much like Art Star,  loads of Philly-made artisan things.  The shop is nicely curated and laid out, and it mixes in some whimsical modern lines of interesting kitchen ware, tools, tchotchkes, stationery, jewelry and some Philly-centric things (check out their LOVE coffee mugs -adorable!).  Prices are reasonable, they offer complimentary gift wrap with cute gift bags - and in a pinch, they are perfect to stop in, buy a gift and go!
Wonderful new boutique in Northern Liberties!!  Definitely a lot of "swag" to be had.  Tons of cute gifts and items you'd totally want for yourself.  Everything from funky cookie pans, goofy stickers to jazz up your everyday items, chopsticks for those who have NO idea how to hold them, soaps, tshirts, handmade cards....you name it!  Cute stop for the holiday and even after since everyone needs swag all year long!! ok so i totally sounds like im trying to sell ad space but really...so much to buy, so little time (and $$ haha).

If you haven't checked it out?? Do!  Fun to be had in cute gift bags or baskets and 10 cent candies to entice you at checkout :)
Small card, book, local shops are my favorite. But these boutiques are just amazing.

I happened to stumble across this place as we were walking to the bar for Sunday Funday. I snuck out of the bar so I could walk around this place in peace and yay for me! It was so adorable inside this place, I LOVED the cards. I ended up buying two cards for a birthday and Valentine's Day. The jewelry section caught my eye as well and I really wanted to buy something, I just couldn't force myself to do it but I love the handmade and local sellers. It's so much better then corporate places.

The manager at the counter was super helpful about the different cards. Theres tons of gadgets and trinkets to buy for gifts, things you wouldn't normally think of buying but when you see it, you're like AH HA! 

Great place to shop. I highly recommend it.
this place is so cute.  this is a great place to stumble into on your way to cantina. 

i have bought good quality - but fakey - statement necklaces here and this is a good spot for lil trinkets, gifts for the neighborhood hipster, or even as little treats for yourself. 

also the people who own swag are related to the people who own my fave sandwich shop in newark, de - and THEY were the ones who told me about it- so 5 stars to swag for sure.
Super cute boutique, perfect for unique gifts. I always seem to walk out of Swag with something for someone (or myself) .. Fun baby items (onesies, toys, shoes..), decorative kitchen items, coffee table books, quirky trinkets, pretty jewelry ... Lots of random stuff, highly recommend stopping by!
I'm obsessed with this store! Every birthday, anniversary, engagement party I attend, my swag bag is in hand! There gifts suit every occasion :)
What an awesome little store with a great selection of things from household items to perfume ,candles , and jewelry , very cute trendy stuff , the best of the best !   Great place to shop for a gift !
Great for unique gifts.  I love their jewelry selection.  Beautiful pieces.  Service is also friendly, but not pushy.
This is a wonderful little shop located very close to our home.  Love the fact that I can always find a hostess gift and greeting cards here.  Such sweet folks and wonderful
addition to our neighborhood.
Love, love, love this place. I always find the perfect gift here, whether it's for my foul-mouthed coworker or my stodgy father in law. Super friendly staff, always a pleasant experience.
Super cute store with very affordable items.  The owners are very friendly, and happy to help you select a gift.  There are a lot of fun kitchen items, jewelry, and some kids stuff.  A must-stop spot if you are looking for a present in Northern Liberties.
Great service. Friendly staff. My go to store for gift giving. They have awesome trinkets you won't find anywhere else. Very cute baby items like Philly onesies, organic toys and clothing. Love love this local shop! It's almost impossible to walk in and not purchase something.
This place is just awesome. There are a bazillion different things that I will never need, but would love to have anyway. Fun, quirky gifts out the wazoo. If you can't find something in this store that makes you smile, you don't have a soul. It's the perfect place to buy a gift for somebody when you have no clue what to get for them, because it's a safe bet that they won't have anything in this store. Just be warned, you won't be able to walk out without getting a few things for yourself as well.
Super cute store to buy gifts! Very friendly atmosphere.
Happened upon this store one evening when I was debating whether or not I should wait for two hours for a lane at North Bowl. I had read about it on the Yelp Newsletter as place to get some fun gifts, so I walked in and it was definitely a happy experience. The chick at the shop was really really nice and easy going. They had a lot of funny gifts that you see on like uncommon goods website or items that Urban Outfitters would carry like mugs with mustaches etc. Lots of fun kitchen items. They also had a lot of fun and local jewelry in the back and I had to slap my own hand away from buying something for myself. This is definitely a place where you can find something for a girl friend... harder to find stuff for the man in here, but not impossible.
I love swag... who doesn't?! Perfect for those unique, funny, sweet gifts you are looking for. And they are sure to be a hit! The staff is friendly and welcoming. They will gift wrap for you with colorful paper and a cute bag. It's the best!

Need a birthday gift... go to swag. 

Need a card for a special occasion... go to swag. 

Going to a house warming... go to swag. 

Heading to a bachelorette... go to swag. 

Want a cute piece of jewelry... go to swag. 

Your options are endless and you won't be disappointed!!
