Opened in 1924, The Swann Memorial Fountain is located in the center of Logan Square Park in Philadelphia.  It's by artist Alexander Stirling Calder and is a memorial to Dr. Wilson Cary Swann, founder and president of the Philadelphia Fountain Society.

There are three bronze figures (Native American "river gods") which represent Philadelphia's three main waterways.  The figure of a woman holding the neck of a swan represents the Schuylkill River; the male figure reaching for his bow represents the Delaware River; and the girl leaning against a swan represents the Wissahickon Creek.  In addition to these figures, there are also frogs and turtles spouting water.

[Yelp collections: East Coast 2016; Monuments, Memorials, and Historical Markers]
Stopped by this fountain during my 1-day stay in Philly in late-October. The afternoon sun made for some nice picture-taking. This fountain reminds of the main titles in that 80s TV-show "Married With Children". 

Anyway, a day-long stroll around downtown Philly ended here. It's wonderful place to have lunch, coffee or simply to rest one's weary feet.
Swann Memorial Fountain is a Philadelphia landmark. If you've never been to Philly before, I recommend checking it out. It's located in the center and is the highlight of Logan Circle (https://www.yelp.com/biz/logan-circle-philadelphia-2) a.k.a. Logan Square, the midpoint of the scenic and wide Benjamin Franklin Parkway (https://www.yelp.com/biz/ben-franklin-parkway-philadelphia). The fountain opened in 1924 and is named after Dr. Wilson Cary Swann, founder of the Philadelphia Fountain Society. The society provided sources of fresh drinking water for the city.

My fiancee and I visited this fountain on a sunny and hot Sunday afternoon after having brunch at the nearby James Restaurant & Bar (https://www.yelp.com/biz/james-restaurant-and-bar-philadelphia). The fountain and surrounding park were filled with both locals and tourists; a popular spot for sure. There were lots of families and many children swimming and playing in the fountain despite there being signs that said no swimming was allowed. What's up with that?

This fountain reminds me of Buckingham Fountain in Chicago (https://www.yelp.com/biz/buckingham-fountain-chicago) due to its vintage, size, design, and art style. Buckingham Fountain opened in 1927, is huge, and was designed in art deco style, all very similar or the same as this fountain. Both fountains have multiple spouts that spew water way up high. Buckingham's center spout shoots water as high as 150 feet, while Swann's center spout shoots "only" as high as 50 feet. Buckingham has sea horse water jets while Swann has frogs, turtles, fish, and swan jets. Buckingham has water shows, but Swann does not. Apparently, people swim in the Swann, but not in the Buckingham.

Statues of Native Americans in the center of the fountain represent three nearby waterways: the Delaware River (man), Schuylkill River (woman), and Wissahickon Creek (girl). The man who designed this fountain, Alexander Stirling Calder, is the son of Alexander Milne Calder, who designed the statue of William Penn which sits atop City Hall.

This is a scenic spot and it's great for taking photos. The fountain is mostly bright blue, there are several spouts/jets of water, and you have a nice 360-degree view of the city, from City Hall to the south to the Philadelphia Museum of Art to the north. There are many sights and attractions nearby. For sightseers, I recommend walking the entire length of Benjamin Franklin Parkway (the aforementioned city hall and museum are the termini). Benches, grass, and trees surround the fountain. The fountain was clean and in good working condition during our visit.
What a pretty fountain in the middle of the city. Nice for photos. Admire all the artistry in the details of these delightful figures!! 
It's not far from a AMOR aculture too. There are nearby restaurants if you need a bite. 
I think it's nice for a picnic!! Adorable frog and turtles statues!!
This fountain is so impressive and elegant.  I was so disappointed when the replaced the formally grand fountain in Love Park with what is there now. Every time I see this fountain it makes me miss the one that was formerly in Love Park. This is a beautiful place to take a stroll too and conveniently located near to all the best museums in Philly
The Swann Memorial Fountain, aka the Fountain of the Three Rivers, is located at Logan Circle in Philadelphia. The sculptor, Alexander Calder, created Native American figures, each of them symbolizing the area's three major streams or rivers; the Delaware (the warrior reaching for his bow), the Schuylkill (the mature woman on her back holding the neck of a swan), and the Wissahickon (the young girl on her side with a swan). There are frogs and turtles spouting water towards the center of the fountain where a geyser throws water anywhere between 25 and 50 feet in the air. The Art Deco style fountain was dedicated in 1924 and sits at the center of Logan Circle aka Logan Square in the northwest quadrant of Philadelphia. When it is warm, swimming in the fountain is allowed, though it was banned briefly between 2006 and 2009. So, if you visit in the summer, bring your swim suit. Only a 4 as there is not a whole lot to do, but it is a very nice fountain. :-)
