Great friendly service! Reasonably priced alternative  when attending an event at the convention center.
I had  a mozzarella, spinach, and pesto sandwich w/balsamic. I got it from the refrigerated section and planned to eat it as-is, but the cashier asked if i wanted it heated up. I was game, so he put it on a panini press, hence the grill marks. He even brought the sandwich out to me as I waited outside. Excellent Service!!! Now the taste of the sandwich was just ok. The pesto could have used some flavor, maybe a lil salt and more balsamic would have been nice, it was almost nonexistence. The flavor and texture of the bread was perfect. I would go back again for a quick bite to eat, but i would try something else.
Tableau has potential, it really does. It is spacious, bright, Ikea-esque chic, and the bathroom is superbly clean and lovely smelling. With not many people hoarding tables, it is a good place to sneak to to do work/homework. With all these pros, there are only 4 things that bring this establishment down for me: (1) mediocre coffee, (2) bland, non-unique food items, (3) lack of outlets, and (4) no heat insulation. 

The first hour or 2 is perfectly fine, but then the winter cold seeps in and sure enough, you are shivering in your seat! Thinking a warm cup of coffee will help, you come to be disappointed with the lack of flavor and aroma that you would expect from a good cup of coffee. Wawa has better coffee! The chocolate croissant mind as well have been something from Aramark (do they even make pastries?).

I will give this place another shot again come warm weather conditions.
I was excited to see this offering come to North Broad St., a veritable desert of decent lunch offerings. Unfortunately because of a bad experience with a staff member, I won't be going back nor recommending.

During the summer I had been making this a regular early morning stop. Enjoying coffee and a paper outside on nice days or inside when it was too hot. One day in particular, I arrived at 7:55, five minutes prior to their posted opening time. The doors were open and the staff were present. A staff member met me at the counter where I asked for a large coffee with room for cream. Her response was "What time is it?". Not suspecting anything amiss, I looked at my phone and replied "5 minutes to 8:00". Her retort was we don't open until 8:00. I was surprised and answered I just wanted a coffee and that I would be staying there to drink it and  read my paper, we could settle up when they opened. I was asked a second time "What time is it?". I knew where this was going, but asked once more, indicating that I was a regular customer would be happy to leave $5.00 on the counter and she could make change later. Well, the witch was on some sort of power trip and was clearly not going to budge even as the clock ticked closer to 8:00. She made some comment about the cash drawer not being opened/available until 8:00 and that I would have to wait or come back. 

I haven't been back, haven't brought my staff there for meals/breaks and discouraged anyone I know from frequenting.
Stopped in for breakfast on a Friday morning before a Mural Arts trolley tour by PAFA. Got a flat white and a cheddar-bacon scone since they were all out of chocolate croissants. Not terribly busy, plenty of tables to sit at inside and out.  Really interesting to have the airplane sculpture right there outside the cafe, talk about a local landmark. Nice business, full menu can be found here: https://www.pafa.org/sites/default/files/media-assets/pafa_tableau_0.pdf
Considering how much you pay for the food and that it's a Steven Starr restaurant, it's overpriced and disappointing. The staff is really friendly though so five stars to them. 

So Steven dropped the ball on this one. The ambiance I feel like he was going for was modern chic with a retro twist, and he missed the mark. There's little ambiance and it's not very comfortable. 

This cafe is in a school building and the discount they give the students is pretty slim considering they're in COLLEGE and this cafe is often the only place they can get to and make it in time for class. It feels a bit like a mean joke. The way they pack the sandwiches in the refrigerated section cracks me up because the long ones look pretty big but when you open it you realize they left a big open space in the center of the package where you can't see. It's something siblings would do to each other. The food tastes a bit off too. Not like it's gone bad or anything but it's like gourmet food on cough syrup. Just not quite right. And a bit underwhelming and bland. I will say however the pastries are tasty but overpriced. 

It's not a bad place but I wouldn't recommend it considering all the other places around. Unless you're a student or a faculty member. Then it's just convenient.
This is one of my favorite coffee shops to visit.  The tables are large and spacious and the sandwiches/ salads are really tasty!  I do wish there were more outlets and longer hours, but I overall love this spot.
Also now that the weather is getting nicer, they have tons of outdoor tables which is an extra bonus.  Even when the weather's been bad, the large windows have given a lot of natural light which can be hard to find.

(They also offer a discount on your food and drink if your a member of PAFA, so be sure to mention that before they ring you up)
I love this new cafe. It's open, airy, and modern. There are lots of tasty pastries to choose from and the bagels are awesome. Coffee portions are small, but quality. This is definitely a great addition to the area!
Good spot to work. The space is bright and airy, and it opens up onto the Cherry Street Mall when the weather is good. Has wifi, never had a problem with the plugs...although looking around, there aren't that many.

Major plusses: In the PAFA, across from the Convention Center, and a short walk to Reading Terminal Market!
This café is a great spot to work in and there is a lot of sunlight, making it a warm space to eat, chat and work. Also, you get a great view of some local art when eating here. Really good coffee, and I would suggest trying one of the sandwiches. I had a mozzarella and red pepper sandwich & it was delicious. 

The croissant wasn't the best, but it was decent-- 3 out of 5, and the coffee was okay, too. 

Stop by here for some lunch time love, breakfast goods & coffee! 

Renee Rises in Philly
The brand new Tableau Café at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts is easy both on the eyes and the palate. This Stephen Starr enterprise is located in the Hamilton Building on the glass-enclosed Cherry Street Mall side.  It is open seven days a week.  All the usual café suspects are served here ... but especially light and tasty are the scones.  They go great with a fine tea.  So if you're heading to the PAFA Art Museum or just in the neighborhood, check out this new culinary addition.
The short girl with the bright red/purple curly hair is one of the rudest people I have ever met. She usually makes the sandwiches and gets soup. I have no idea why she is still allowed to work here. 

Even if it's busy there is no reason to be rude. I promise you I am not a needy costumer by any means. Just hand me my soup and I keep on moving.

I usually let it go because I work nearby and some of the food is really good. Some of it is not so good and overpriced. 

Today I asked for soup that I waited very patiently for despite being skipped. I must have interrupted the smoothie she was drinking because and was set off because she basically threw my soup on the counter and didn't give me bread of crackers even though the cashier told her I ordered bread twice.

I will not be back and it's not because the soup was bland today.
