Feeling punkish? Go here. Even if you're not, still go; they welcome patrons of all types. (You'll leave with color in your hair.)

Their interior is eclectic, yet somehow manages to stay low-key. There's something about sharing a couch that lends a casual feel to a place, and Tattooed Mom's is no exception. If the spinning tops and lollipops lying around don't keep you busy, their delicious tater tots will.

Service was lukewarm, but friendly enough. Never found out if they had house drinks, but we knocked back shots with impunity: Swedish Fish shots fell, plus a random blend of pineapple and mango liquor ($5/each; credit cards accepted).

Oh, and they have music or something.
Tattooed Mom is in a great spot on South Street! I've stopped by for (DIY) bar crawl day drinking and the occasional week night and truly love it here. The decor is incredibly unique, the upstairs is full of individual bumper cars that make for great photo ops. The staff is very kind and helpful too!

My most recent visit was on a Tuesday night after going for a piercing appointment across the street with a friend. We were delighted that the indoor seating has finally opened again! There is still abundant outdoor seating, if that is more your vibe.

We headed upstairs and grabbed a table in the back room. After looking at the menu, we decided we'd eat and drink. A friend and I decided to try the Chubbsteak Wrap (meat version). We were given a little table card and after about 20 minutes our food was delivered to us. Another friend ordered a vegan or veggie corndog, as she's had it before and loves it.

The wrap was delicious. My only wish was that it had more tots inside. After seeing that the wrap had them inside, I opt-ed not to add a side of them. Next time, I'd add the side of tots too. The friend with the corndog thoroughly enjoyed it, as usual.

The prices are super affordable, and they take cards. We'll definitely continue to stop by Tattooed Mom whenever we can!
Over before it ever began. First off, let me start by saying that my boyfriend and I were very excited to try this place because we saw poutine was on the menu. We also thought were going to a restaurant. So you walk in and are awkwardly "greeted" but more like bombarded with a "bouncer" of sorts asking for ID. My boyfriend made a silly joke about our IDs being freshly out the bootlegged or something like that and we both laughed and proceeded to show ID. The guy said why would you say that as soon as you walk in.. my boyfriend clarified, hey man, it was just a corny joke here are our IDs and tried to hand it to him. The "bouncer" said no you guys are done here, refused to check our IDs to see whether they were real or fresh out the bootleg machine. He told us to leave. And so we stepped outside, called and asked for a manager to come to the door to talk to us about our experience. We stepped back in and he said.. I told you guys to leave. I told him we're waiting for a manager so relax. He went over to the bar and "talked to the manager" & returned to say he said we have to go. We refused to leave without talking to the manager on duty. So he went back to the bar and talked to someone else who then came to talk to us. This person said there was no manager on duty but he could help us. We described to him our experience and he said "oh well, it's a legal thing. If someone says they have a fake ID the guy has a right to check it and refuse entry". My boyfriend explained again that our IDs were never even checked. We just were told to leave. He said "oh well you know this guy has to deal with so much surely you guys can cut him some slack". Ha! I know nothing of the sort. I do know he's being paid to do a job and if that job isnt for him maybe he ought to seek employment elsewhere, but I know as a customer it's not my duty to cut anyone slack after they were EXTREMELY rude. He tried to turned things around finally after going back and forth with us and said lets have him check your IDs (which he should've done from the inception) and we'll get you a round on the house and put this behind us. Now had he said this from the beginning MAYBE we'd consider it. I said that's not enough I'd like an apology because he was out of line and we feel discriminated against based on our race. The "bouncer" who was directly behind us laughed . The bartender said well i cant make him do that the offer is the best i can do. (Important to note he never even asked the "bouncer" to apologize since he was "acting manager you'd think that was the least he could do). 
I looked around at everyone who so just happened to be white and i walked out. Better training is needed to handle customer complaints especially when a customer feels they are being treated unfairly and it's motivated by their race. If you're of African decent or just non white you can probably understand why this felt disgusting to us and racially motivated. Racism isn't always this very overt exchange of words. It's just the little things sometimes. Never going to this establishment and would not recommend it to a soul.
Not even a flash mob can stop these people from serving me a late night cheeseburger. Even though I nearly got tear-gased on South Street, I ate my bacon cheeseburger in bliss and then fell asleep into a dollop of ketchup. Yay, I'm a fan.
1/2 burger and veggie burgers on Monday and Thursday!
Taco Tuesday!
Pierogie Wednesday!
$1 PBR pounders on Friday and Saturday nights!
Crafts day and other theme events on Sundays!

Tattooed Mom is indeed a bar that gives you an abnormal excuse to be happy everyday of the week! Grant it Sugar Moms does too, But I feel that Tattooed mom does it with less smoke and pretentiousness. It also doesn't do it in a basement and brings out a better crowd.

I should have bought that up in the last review. But hanging out with 20 plus of the Yelp crew, eating Unicorn cake, basking in all the incredible figurines and artwork, and encountering an incredible server named Bobby has helped me up my love for Tattooed Mom.
"T-Mom's" as the regulars call it is a really bizarre experience. I call it that because that's what it is. It's not just a bar or just a place to eat. It's a perfectly strange, visually stimulating interesting time. 

I would frequent in college with my crazy cool art school friends for their famous Taco Tuesday deals ($1 tacos -meat or veggie & 2.50 cans). I'm going to say that they coined that term as this was a loooooong time ago and the very first place I remember hearing it. 

Years later I came back with our heavily tattooed friends (RIP Jessie) to drink upstairs where the walls are covered in graffiti  and where you'll discover kitschy, weird decor at every turn! We had a ball! We played pool, we rocked out and we drank...and drank...and drank. It was super laid back and a real good time.  

Fast forward years and I returned now married to that guy I was getting wasted with and our two children. Who would've thought to come here with a family? Let me explain...they actually have a very kid friendly Sunday brunch from 12-4:30 with a craft table that will put Martha Stewart to shame! The craft changes often but really they allow you to dig right in and color and create. Not only that, but there are little toys like the kind kiddos get at the dentist office scattered for them to take as well as well as Classic board games. We ate junk food such as a really tasty vegan cheesesteak, delicious tots, hubs had a breakfast burrito, we sipped beermosas (a rock and roll play on a mimosa), colored, hung out on the vintage furniture, took photos on the bumper cars and played "Operation". We had an awesome time! The kids loved it and still had their hair dyed from Halloween the night before so they fit right in! :) 

They often have really neat events (see their website!) and each night features a different special:

Meatless Monday- 1/2 off ALL veggie items noon-10pm 

Taco Tuesday- $1 beef or veggie tacos $2.50 Tecate and a taco of the month. This month is "shepherds pie" 

$4 Burger Wednesday- vegan or regular $2 Gansett Lager 

Pierogi Thursday- 50¢ Pierogis * noon - 10pm (no take out/ toppings extra) Half off all drafts 5-7 & 10-11pm

Sunday arts & crafts & suds and spuds-Sunday Arts & Crafts all night long. $2 Pabst Blue Ribbon 16oz. pounders 1/2 price tater totsEvery Sunday night from 7pm - closing.

Every day 5-7pm 10-11pm 
Half off all drafts! Two Happy Hours EVERY day!
Regular draft prices $5 and up
 
If you have an open mind, don't take life too seriously and are looking to change things up a bit, try TMoms. The food was pretty tasty and cheap! It's makes a great pre TLA show option!

They of course have a regular clientele, but they were very welcoming to me and my fam each and every time we've come! We dig it.
This is one of my favorite bars in the world. And Lord knows I've been to more than my share. Great music, fun crowd, reasonably priced drinks, and the best bartenders in Philly. (Hi Foss!) Oh, and hot skater boys everywhere you turn. Damn, I miss this place!
I'm re-visiting this review because last night Mom showed us that she was both large and in charge. Our Unofficial Yelp Happy Hour pulled in a massive amount of people and Bobby, the dude who was basically running the entire restaurant, took such good care of us that all night long we kept wondering if he was an actual human or a robot. With speed, agility and humor he kept the drinks and pierogies coming all night. So Bobby, we salute you and Mom's. You continue to have a special place in my heart.
I had been here before, to grab a drink or 12 and honestly didn't even know they did food or at least quality food. So when Philly Burger Club was scheduled to meet here, I was intrigued.

We showed up on a Wednesday night and congregated at the upstairs bar. They do a $3.75 burger special on Wednesdays (which was most likely the impetus for our outing). Now, for that price, I wasn't expecting anything special, but right off the bat I was impressed. 

They give you a cool burger sheet, where you can customize a burger. Mind you, by the time you are done creating, your burger could be closer to $10...but it's still a great deal.

I went with a bacon /onion/ bleu cheese burger. It took a little while because of our big group but I'm happy to say it was worth the wait. A good sized burger on a brioche-like bun (I'm told it was vegan but I couldn't tell the difference and I'm a baker), cooked to perfection with quality toppings. I went with the tot option for side but waffle fries looked solid too. 

Overall, I would rank Tattooed Mom's burgers in the top 10 in the city, which is good for a guy who isn't even know they did food. That plus free city parking  is among the great reasons to schlep into the city on a Wednesday.
Tmom's scores big on bar food. The burgers are awesome because they use potato buns, the fries are awesome because they're waffled and the corn dogs are awesome because they're corn dogs. Mom's also has a vegetarian/vegan menu to boot! There's almost always a drink and food special, so you're never really missing out.

2 pool tables upstairs and a back room where you can smoke. At Tmom's, you can do drunks 'n' crafts and they let you graffiti on their walls. It's a throw'em back establishment and they typically play great music (The Smiths meets crust punk). It's a weekly refuge for me.
I haven't ventured in Mom's in quite a while...chalk it up to me not spending too much time down in the South Street area or maybe I just have bitter, bitter memories of the place. Either way, I ended up there on a recent Sunday night and was pleasantly surprised to find that it was better than ever before. I love me a dive bar, and Mom's manages to embody the best of that world while not making me feel like I'm going to get cooties by sitting down in a seat. 

I knocked back a few Hoegardens (with orange slices - nice!), listened to some good, loud music and had a solid conversation with my BFF without being hassled by people who were looking to get lucky. The bathroom is cleaner than I remember, too, so obviously some good changes have been made. I thought I was too old for this place...but now I know that, just like at home, I'll always have a place at Mom's.
Ok, so I am going to be a little biased since Mom's is my FAVORITE hangout, ever!

I am absolutely addicted to Mom's cheap Veggie food and PBR specials. There are always food specials going on including $3 regular and veggie burgers on Monday and Thursday, Taco Tuesdays, Pierogie Wednesdays, and half price sandwiches on the weekend during the day. There are also tons of beer specials and even when there's not everything is reasonable.

Free craft Sundays are the perfect place for cheap fun. They have a craft table open to guests including coloring books, felt, construction paper, and even GIMP! There are also tons of great board games to play while hanging out and once a month they so a specialty craft like making sock puppets or ties for father's day.

The atmosphere is both chill and artistic punk at the same time. The memorabilia is everywhere and ranges from a bumper car in the front window to a 16" Stay Puffed Marshmallow Man on one of the shelves. The little alleyway has some great exhibits of crafts past including two robots that strangely resemble c3po and the robot from Mystery Science Theater.

You'll notice a lot of different crowds hanging at moms including what's left of the dwindling Philly punk scene, bike messengers, your indie artists and even some of the "newer" South Street crowd is making their way to the bar for a new experience.

The bar tenders and wait staff are all great without a doubt. Add a blend of old school punk, new wave, indie and even country tunes from the jukebox and you're set for the night.

Thanks, mom.
Tattooed Mom has never been my favorite spot (my last visit was probably about five years ago), but I definitely get why people dig it. On my recent visit, I discovered the upstairs for the first time. Interesting. I enjoyed finding Doggystyle in the jukebox and played almost the entire album. I also played pool (terribly) alongside Vinny P, who amazingly kept me as his partner for more than one game. Speaking of my pool partner, he graciously shared his basket of tots and I found them to be quite delicious. 

Until we meet again, T-Mom's.
Tattooed Mom is always a solid choice. There's two floors, both offering plentiful seating and no shortage of weird art and knick-knacks to peruse. It's not only an Instagram-worthy bar, but the price is right for their drinks especially given their prime South Street real estate, and their rotating daily specials are really awesome. 

Their pierogis are bomb, and they have a really interesting - dare I say "magical" - cocktail list. The food is great and the vibe is really fun. The downstairs area is bright and welcoming, giving of some very Tim Burton vibes. The upstairs looks like punk paradise - very dim-lit, grungy, decorated with plastic spiders, graffiti, and various "provocative" music and political posters. Big fan.

This place is everything I want to be when I grow up: stable and cool without trying too hard.
Tattooed Mom is not like any bar/ restaurant that I have ever been in. 

Located on busy South Street in a shopping area, parking is a challenge! I had to circle the area a few times before finding metered parking. 

Once we found the place, the guy at the door carded my daughter. As I sat there and saw other patrons enter, he carded (i believe) anybody that looked under 30 years old.

Like i said......I've never seen any place like Tattooed Mom! Everywhere you look, there is something to see. All kinds of crazy decor all around even on the ceiling. 
I would describe it as a Punk Rock aesthetic.  Also very collectic with the seating.  Mismatched tables and chairs and even a couch and coffee tables to eat at. Even though I was clearly out of my element everyone was so nice. Waiter, very pleasant!
Bartender equally as nice!

Now......for the food, me and my daughter have completely different eating challenges,  but what brings us together is places like Tattooed Mom. They have a great variety of Vegan and Non-Vegan options which is hard to find at most restaurants.
I decided to be nice and get a Vegan option so we could share. I got a Chubbsteak wrap and BBQ Tater Tots, my daughter got a Pickled Fried Chicken Sandwich and Cheesy Tots.
I was surprised that everything was fresh and really good!  The portions are a good size and I was satisfied with my meal.
We didn't get anything from the bar, so can't speak of the drinks.
So sorry we didn't go upstairs,  but hear it's even more interesting stuff to see up there.
Overall, I would go back for the food if i were in the area.
Tattooed mom for the win

3$ drafts on happy hour? Color me intrigued. South Street is rapidly changing from the scene I remember as a kid. There's less live music / dive bars and more clubs (old man rant complete). Such is life right? Tattooed mom feels like one of the last hold outs to the change; Bad Religion is playing over the speakers, the beer is cheap, the staff is gruff, and upstairs is a legit dive bar. I love all of it. 

If you're in the neighborhood, I highly recommend checking this place out, it made for both a perfect Mets V Phillies pregame spot, and a great night cap dive.
This was the second time that I ate at Tattoed Mom, I brought a friend and her brother visiting from DC. Upon arrival our IDs were checked at the door and told to sit wherever. A woman came to our table to take our order. She was very rude, no listing of the specials or even what was on tap. We ordered drinks 2 not your fathers root beers and a water with no lemon. The root beers came out and a water with lemon, STRIKE 1. She proceeded to take our order...Spanish fries to share, 2 philly cheese steaks and a chicken wrap. We were very hungry and figured that the fries would come out first but after waiting 5 mins, I got the waitresses attention by saying "excuse me", she turned around and said "yeah" I asked if our fries could come out first, she simple walked away. STRIKE 2! She later came back with a basket with condiments and silverware and dropped them on our table. The fries came out and shortly after our meals arrived, just the way we ordered them! Never once did she check to see if we needed a refill on our waters or if everything came out as ordered. My friend asked for a water refill and the check. I figured the rudeness was apart of the atmosphere but as other tables sat down around us, she greeted them with enthusiasm, a listing of the drinks on draft and food specials and provided feedback to drinks they were ordering. STRIKE 3! I paid the check and did not feel she was warranted a tip so I left it blank. There was nothing extraordinary about her service or attention to detail. As we were leaving she approached me and asked "was there something wrong with the service or are you accustomed to not tipping?" I said "well yes there was something wrong" and as I was explaining the above lack of interaction and disregard for our dining experience she cut me off and said "don't use that as an excuse for being cheap" and walked to the bar. In shock that she would even ask and not let me explain I approached her at the bar and said "if you wouldn't cut me off I could explain to you why I feel your service was not good and give you some constructive criticism" she cut me off again, laughed and said "you should just leave" 

I'm not sure if it's a business practice of tattooed mom to allow employees to talk to customers in this manner but being a member of the armed services we were extremely disappointed in how we were treated during the entire experience in your establishment. I would have liked to  talk to someone who was receptive to an opinion rather than someone who was defensive and rude.
Wow.  I was not prepared for the awesomeness of Tattooed Mom.  We had an unofficial Yelp Happy Hour here - read: about 20 of us took over the place without any warning.  There was one server, Bobby, tending to all of us, and he did an amazing job.  He got our food to us quickly, ditto for drinks, he split the tab several times, and not once did he even seem the slightest bit frazzled.  He was downright graceful and cheerful the whole time - he even brought us plates for the amazing UNICORN CAKE baked by Jenna C.  Needless to say, I am extremely impressed by the service.

My food got lost and I ended up waiting about an hour to actually get it, but the pancake-sausage thing on a stick was actually totally awesome. (Curiosity overwhelms my sense of reason sometimes, but this strange food had a satisfying payoff.)  The pierogies were also excellent, and for 25 cents a piece, you couldn't go wrong.  I don't even like pierogies, but these were little fried pockets of heaven.  Mmm... trans fat.

The atmosphere was absolutely perfect for the event.  I found it to be a little campy at first (it's very obviously owned/operated by the same people from Sugarmom's), but since it's on South Street, the camp works.  It meant we could act totally ridiculous and not get thrown out.  So feel free to bring a lot of friends, play with plastic novelties on the table and relive your childhood nostalgia, or get racy and start ladyposing next to the leopard-print cushions on the couch... Mom wants you to have a good time.
What can be better than to have a pint while playing w/ lil' plastic toys that came from those bubble cup dispensers? 

This family tied "rebel rebel yell" dive flavor is what not only makes South St. "SOUTH STREET!" but it's a well known establishment to most of the Philly residents etc. 

You won't find a group of servers more scurvy and unique, much like the illustrations of oddities that deck the exterior of this hodgepodge collage paradise. (That goes for the patrons too)

Many walks of life take shape here daily and it's good to have a mix up from the norm. Even if you just stumble in alone your bound not to be bored and can write down some "Bohemian Dreams" of sorts in your poetry journal. Heck, ya might make a friend who'll ask, 

"So whatcha writing? I'm an artist too!" 
Aren't we all Hemingway? Skip that guy, you can do better. The one over there... He has that "Hunter S. Thompson" sophisticato mystique that you need in your bed tonight lady. Errr... I mean to write poetry of course, of course. 

*RECORD SCRATCH* 

Oh, oh... Ya he's wearing a pink fedora hat. Ya... sorry.

A.D.D. BUTTON!

Tuesday tacos is the best! Try a medley of all their different beefs and yes there's veggie too Vegan Girl...

Vegan Girl: What? I wasn't talking to you. So anyway...

A.D.D. BUTTON!

Look at that freaky sculpture out the window!

A.D.D. BUTTON!!

Omg! Is that Voltron on that mantle?

A.D.D. BUTTON!!!

Leap frog go! 

Bartender: Excuse me dude you gotta go! 

Me: Excuse me?

Bartender: You're totally freaking everyone out. Oh and stop pressing the A.D.D. button, I think you broke it.

Me: Oh.

Vegan Girl: Lame.

Me: Go twitter your girlfriend!

Vegan Girl: I already did and like how did you know I'm a lesbian? OMG! Is that an A.D.D. button?

ALL: NOOOOOOO!!!!!

((((((EXPLOSION))))))

Where am I? 
Is this heaven?

Voice: No.

Hell?

Voice: No.

Walmart? 

Voice: Oh hell no!

Where *gulp* am I than?

Voice: Jersey.

Oh that makes so much sense! Of course! How stupid of me? Right? Right? Goodnight folks.
Tattooed Mom's is great. The drinks are stiff and the beer is cheap. But better than all of that are the perogies. I just ate some. potato-y and greasy. Wednesdays they are 25 cents a piece, and pan fried to perfection. Decor is kitchy and cool, and the free lolly pops and toys add to the experience. Like Chrissy R., i don't hang out on south street all that often, but tattooed mom's is where i go when i am there.
sorry I am just not a fan. The bartenders have been rude every single time I have been there, practically ingnoring us. It makes for an uncomfortable and unenjoyable experience.  If only the bartender knew that I tip really well for great service.
Just another reason to not visit south street. Sorry Mom's, I've given you several chances and been spat in the face each time.
Ultra hipster dive bar. In the 2 or so hours I was here, I witness (inside the bar) a teacup dog being passed around, a shiny schwinn wheeled in, and several backpacks. The draft beer selection has opportunity for improvement, but you can't beat a Saturday happy hour (half off draft beer!). I had a kinzinger. This is a dive bar gone shiny hipster. Inside see vintage furniture painted pink against freshly painted green walls. There are dum dums to suck on at the table and thoughtful seating areas to relax in. Nice touches all the way around. Pass on the chips and guac - it's that store-bought fake tasting kind. The hummus platter was allright  -  hummus comes from a locally made joint nearby. Only gripe would be a grumpy bear bar tender who hoovered over me waiting to get his tip before his shift was out, but the dude needed to leave and get after his Saturday night.
Today I decided to go to Tmoms because it was an old haunt that had quality food and inexpensive drinks for the area.  My boyfriend and I met two friends and shared a "vegan steak" and a small cheese fries.  We also had 4 drinks total.  

The "vegan steak" was a freezer burnt garden burger in a stale roll.  We added cheese, lettuce and tomato and we got a few springs of wilted greens and two slices of Roma tomato.  It cost almost 12 dollars for something disgusting.  

Now to the drinks.  I asked for a big gin and tonic.  The bartender did not ask me if it was a talk or a double, just brought it out in their "trick" pint glasses that are not 16 oz. that was also mostly ice.  I had two and my boyfriend had one and a local beer.  

Our bill came to 58 dollars for 5 sips of cocktail each and the worst "veggie steak" ever.  Each drink was apparently $13!  I basically bought them 2 whole bottles of gin for about 4 shots.  

I remember when Tmoms was awesome and I used to recommend it.  Now I will tell people how much the food is unacceptable and the bartenders overcharge.  I would have thought that the bartender might have told me that the crappy ice filled drinks he was making me were $13.  I could have had a few nice martinis at a classy joint.  Not a seeming dive bar filled with teenagers.  That's another thing.  Why was a group of 14 year olds eating in a bar?  

I never complain, but I left Tmoms hungry and not even feeling slightly happy from $45 worth of booze.
Well, I feel like a real lush for having back-to-back reviews in which my drunkenness played the starring role, but, as my mother would say, them's the breaks. Sue G., Hunter (my boyfriend), and I stumbled (literally, at least in my case) in here after the incredibly awesome UYE at ZoT last night (thanks to Bill for organizing!). Unfortunately, however, ZoT managed to run me pretty dry, so I was happy to find a cheap dive that was close by. Though I usually turn my nose up at shitty beer, I was too drunk at this point to care. The PBR went down like water.

I enjoyed their decorations. It reminded me of an old ice cream parlor, just with booze instead of ice cream. The people there were... interesting, to say the least. They made us laugh, and not much beats laughing at people when you're drunk. 

I don't remember seeing many games, but there was a big bowl of Dum-Dum lollipops in front of us, which brought on a welcome wave of nostalgia.

Extra star for the mouse-friend that scuttled across the floor, which drove Sue to push her beer as far away from her as possible and yell at the bartender. Good times.
This is a cute, funky little bar/restaurant. I wish I had a place like this near me that has fun cocktails and vegan bar food. They leave little toys on the table for each party that comes in which is fun.

I drank Pickletini's all night. While they tasted good and refreshing on the blisteringly hot day, they were very, very weak. I was pretty sober after drinking a few of them. I just appreciate the fact that they a pickle drink on the menu because it's something I love to drink at home. Just wish it had a little more of a kick.

The mozzarella sticks were good and crisp and gooey inside. Good "cheese pulls" as they say.

After we left I offered an employee outside a dollar for a cigarette (bad habit when I drink) and he just said "No" so rudely and with no explanation. Never had that happen before. I detracted stars for that because he worked there and I was so taken aback by his rudeness. 

That said, I would still recommend this place to anyone visiting or any local who hasn't checked it out.
Had a great time here. The decor is what you should go for. Drinks are pretty good, a reasonable tap beer selection, some weird funky furniture, and best of all -- two pool tables. I forgot my ID but was with my parents and the bouncer was pretty funny. He wouldn't let me in until my mom went up to him and said "I was there. I remember it perfectly. And it was many more than 21 years ago." He laughed and let us in, and was just an all-around cool dude. 

The downstairs was packed so we got drinks upstairs and lounged on the retro couch. Got in a couple games of pool for just a buck a game.  The clientele is... eccentric, but I guess that's just part of the experience. Cool dive on South Street with fair prices worth checking out.
this place feels a bit too much like home

a familiar mix of my brother's room and grandmother's kitchen

but with alcohol cute boys and girls and corndogs which sounds like a really naughty good party
This is one of those "wait, what? I haven't reviewed this place yet??" reviews.

I've been here many times over the last few years -- probably most notably after the 2014 Yelp pre-Halloween gathering in South Philly. Nothing like walking into a dive bar wearing a flight attendant costume.

But, ya know, stuff like that just goes here. It's that type of place. No one's going to judge you for what you're wearing, and that's what I love so much about it.

Expect fun events, weekly promotions, good specials, pretty good food/drinks, and a fun, eclectic vibe. The bathrooms are a little ehhhh, but what do you expect?

I most recently popped in for their annual barleywine festival. The clientele is pretty mixed, depending on the day, and at that particular time, it seemed to be geared toward older men. Our group of Yelp-girls felt a wee bit out of place! But whatever, barleywine is an awesome style.

I'll obviously be back. Probably without a prior plan to visit. Because Tattooed Mom is good for that.
100% Five Stars. You have to go for Meatless Monday's! Awesome veggie burgers, vegan cheesesteaks and chicken cheesesteaks. I love their very South Street vibe and a really nice owner and staff. They have great specials on Wednesdays too. 

If you're coming in from out of town make Tattooed Mom's your go-to Happy Hour spot.
What a find! Fun and eclectic. My kinda perfect place. 
Happy hour every evening 5-7?
Even better. 
The upstairs bartender was friendly and very very welcoming. There weren't much people hence lots of seats were available. 
The prices are great and ask him to make you anything and I guess he will be able to do it. 
When I am back I'll be visiting this place for sure.
I had to have a serious, sit down, sobering conversation with a friend. So we met at Mom's, had several beers and talked about the decor instead. 5 stars for their punk rock granny ambiance that keeps me from awkward confrontations.
My rating is probably closer to a 2.5, here's why:

I'll start will the good:

1. It is completely different from any other pub/bar that I have been to before; it's a very creative place. The booths have little couches and pillows hidden in the wall and the tables have an assortment of toys and candy reminiscent of childhood, kinda cool. 

2. The beer is half off during their happy hour times which are everyday at reasonable happy hour times ( I believe it's like 4-7 and 10-11, but dont quote me...)

The staff is friendly enough.

Here's what I didn't like:

The beer was a bit warmish. I'm not sure if the kegs are not cooled well... they don't chill their glasses so that might be a factor.

The food selection was pretty small, though they have a vegetarian menu if your into that.

We sat down to eat about 650pm and we had a few minors with us. This wasn't a problem at first until 7pm rolled around and the waiter asked us all for ID's and we told him we had a few minors. He said that minors weren't allowed after 7pm. This is fine, but, it would be nice if they had something posted or he had let us know about this policy before we ordered. I asked him if we could just finish our food and leave and he seemed a bit stressed out by this concept, but he allowed it. That kind of killed the mood and we all felt like we had to rush.
I mean this place is okay if you just want a drink. But the advice is highly questionable. I'm also a black woman so I do know that sometimes servers greet me with a pre-judge mental mindset. I had this one male sever with blonde hair who was not the greatest server. He comes over after my table has been waiting for a while and he begins to take our order. I express to him that we are ready to put our drink and food order in (we had been waiting long enough where we were able to pick both) he tells us "well im just putting drinks in" takes the drink order then comes back to take the full order. I specifically asked for cheese tots, he comes out with cheesed waffle fries then says "well I'm sorry I got you the wrong potato" in a very sarcastic tone. I just would not recommend  this place.
Does your MOM have a "Tramp Stamp"? 

Drink your pain away at Tattooed Mom's! ;-)

I recently found out about Tattooed Mom from Yelp Elite Member Caroline. She really did save my Friday night on Halloween Weekend!

I wanted something out of the box, different, laid back and just a great freakin time with other artistic or creative folks who decided to actually put together a "Kick A" costume. I can only take soo many Halloween Stripper Costumes and Store Bought Garbage!

The Indy Hall & Geekadelphia hosted a Halloween party that night. Now just the NAME of those groups caught my attention and I knew I was in for a good time.

The vibe was great, the bartenders and staff were friendly, music matched the decor and it was not your typical Philadelphia Bar. 

It's nice to think out the box.... and I'm glad Tattooed Mom's helped me get my fix on Halloween Weekend!
It's easy to hate on South Street bars, but similar to what Nate F. said - TM has remained consistently awesome despite the area's rapid decline.  The downstairs and upstairs provide two very different climes for drinking - I usually opt for the sea foam green downstairs for lounging on the couches and conversation, and upstairs for pool and drunken cigarettes.  

The food isn't particularly anything special - it's bar food, but GOOD bar food at that.  Like most have already mentioned, the pierogies are top notch - so much I went for the Wednesday special last night.  And I love the basket of condiments they give you.  I'm a sucker for condiments.

Good times all around.
Ughh. I don't feel very good.

This place has a pretty cool atmosphere/decor, but the nice parts tend to end there.

$4.50 for a side of waffle fries is a little much. I had a $9 chicken parm sandwich and my friend got a burger. I could have made something better myself. And I would've saved money.

Bottom line: Don't go here for the food.
I love Tattooed Moms. I have been there countless times and have always had fun there. Sadly I moved to LA and don't get to visit as often, but I was just home and stopped in for some food and drink before the Phils game. 

I recently have been exploring a vegetarian lifestyle so I was super excited to check out the vegan options at moms. I was in on a Wednesday and it was $3 vegan burgers. No brainer. And it was delicious. My friend got a regular burger and he said that was good too. 

I've always come to moms to party and not so much for the food. But the food is great and fairly priced. So glad I stopped in. 

Don't forget to check out the upstairs. Floor to ceiling graffiti and charm. Thanks Moms for helping to make my trip a success.
This bar is eclectic, quirky, inclusive, and awesome all rolled into one. Their menu options have something for everyone of all dietary ranges to enjoy, and they also host small art shows that support local artists. SUPPORT LOCAL ARTISTS! 
 
Stop by grab a bite to eat (I have to come back to try the Pierogies!) and check out the upstairs bar with the walls covered in stickers and wheat pasta of your favorite philly artists-- Marisa V.R, Nero One, Sixteen Cats, Amberella, Hope Hummingbird, inphltrate, Angry Elephants, and many more!
Pierogie night, Taco Tuesdays, Craft Sundays... Could a girl want anything more out of a bar?! Absolutely not! Tattooed Mom's has been one of my favorite bars of all time even before I lived in Philly! It's a great bar to go to whether you want a relaxing couple-a-drinks and good conversation with some good buds or if you want to drink your face off and get crazy wasted with those same good buds. With two stories to do either in, it's got way more than enough room. It also has one of my favorite "bar food" menus because it features selections for both carnivores and herbivores alike. For instance, on one menu you can find your carnivorous sandwiches and on a seperate menu, you can find those same exact sandwiches veggie-style! That way, nobody misses out. Mom's definitely has something for everybody.
I haven't spent much time downstairs, I'm more of a fan of UPSTAIRS. I like sitting in the bumper cars or watching someone play pinball. I don't drink beer but the drinks I got were affordable and strong. The bar food is great. I guess I have yet to go to a bar where the food sucked. It's a fun place, I really like the atmosphere. I've only gone here during the weeknight so I'm not sure about the weekend experience.
Taco Tuesday is now $1 tacos.

Wednesday is $3 burgers (veg or beef)

Pierogies are 50 cents every Thursday.


Half off drafts everyday 5-7PM and 10-11PM

$2.50 Pabst and free Dum-Dums 24-7-365
I visited Tattooed Mom for Taco Tuesday yesterday. The place was very busy but we were seated quickly. I ordered 3 tacos and a beer. My total was $6. I couldn't believe it. The decor was fun and eclectic. I love the big chairs scattered around. I had a lot of fun looking at the walls. The table had plastic tops and a dish of dum dums on it. SO CUTE. The service was excellent, the tacoswere delicious, and did I mention it was $6? It's cheap as heck so you should leave a good tip. :)
Yes, it's dirty and yes, it's loud, but really, what's not to love?  I'm utterly charmed by this place.  The food is wonderful and they have specials throughout the week (ie perogies, burgers, etc).  The beer is relatively cheap.  There's bumper cars in the back where you can woo your date.  There are pool tables.  There's arts and crafts.  Fliers and graffiti line the inside.  Seriously, do you really need any more reasons to come here?  Let your hair down for a night and stop in.
I am probably biased because I am a huge fan of dive bars in general, but who cares.  

I love this place because it is big, it's cheap, and it's everything you would expect.  The bartenders I have experienced have been great and the entire atmosphere has been comfortable.  

I love a good hole in the wall and it delivers.  If anyone is traveling from Chicago and sees this review, it is highly comparable to Delilah's in Lincoln Park!
Good spot for some good fried bar food. decent beer selection. service can be spotty for this almost-dive. Really this is the only bar on South Street worth anything. I kick it in here every now and then. 
Try the pancake wrapped sausage corn dog thingy. Also, taco night and pirogi night are must attend philadelphia events. srsly. 

cheap cheap cheap. good shiz.
If anyone ever asked me to name some of the coolest pubs I've ever been in around the world, Tattooed Mom would be on the list.  This place is legendary in Philly for good reason - it is a legend.  The upstairs bar has some of the best graffiti you'll ever see along with pool tables, bumper cars, and a performing art space.  Downstairs is slightly more subdued ... but only slightly.  Their famous reclining nude picture over the bar sets the tone on the ground floor.  And of course they serve beers and all your favorite Philly pub grub.  They might not have been the first in the world to have done a Taco Tuesday but Tattooed Mom is the most famous in Phillytown for this favorite weekly culinary treat.  On Tuesdays tacos are a dollar a piece and Tecate beer only $2.50.  If you enjoy pronouncing the "T" sound, you are in luck ... just remember -  Taco Tuesdays & Tecates at Tattooed Mom!
 
Oh by the way -  don't forget 50-cent Pierogi Thursdays!
Mom's has been a favorite of mine since they opened. Service is usually pretty good, the drinks are reasonably priced, and the kitchen is open fairly late. Now that the smoking ban is in place, there really is no downside from a 'features' perspective.

As mentioned in other reviews, Mom's embraces the punk/rock aesthetic, along with toys, so you're sure to find lound music playing at a range of volumes (depending on the whimsy of the staff) and the tables and bar littered with 5-and-dime toys. The clientele is an inked bunch, and there are sure to be a few messenger bikes locked up outside. If this is not your type of scene, cheap PBR pounders on Taco Tuesday and Pieroghi Wednesday will probably not be enough to win you over. There is by no means a dress code, but white collars stick out - if you normally change out of said white collar when heading out for beers, this place will most likely just make you feel old.

Upstairs you'll find two pool tables, frequently occupied by tavern league teams and more often just occupied. There's also another bar, and a back room where the smoking ban may or may not be strictly enforced. The back room also has a set of restrooms, lest you walk all the way downstairs for relief.
When things are hectic on South Street, it's usually a lot more mellow inside Mom's, if only because the punk-esque (and fairly white) vibe is not really attractive to the diverse but predictable mix (NJ 'burbs and Grays Ferry...holla!) of people strolling and cruising South.
Another factor is that there are no TVs on in this bar, which also affects the make-up of the regulars.

Best feature is Sarah the waitress, who is the perfect mix of experience, sweetness and no-nonsenseness. If you find it strange that she's wearing dark sunglasses at midnight on a Saturday, come back a few more times and it'll seem more natural.
I don't hang out on South Street very often, but this was a nice little diamond in the rough for me. The decor is my favorite part -- bright and fun and artsy in an avant garde way. A bit of a dive [which I like in my bars].

Prices are fair -- not too crazy -- and they certainly give you what you pay for. I drank whiskey and Coke the night I was there, and they definitely gave me a little Coke with my whiskey. :) I had dinner there, as well, and they had some excellent food, for bar food.

And as is common with Philly's Mom's bars, they had a super fun jukebox and crayons/toys on every table to play with -- and lollipops! Can't forget those, hehe. 

As usual on South Street, though, I got a little bit of a cooler-than-thou vibe from the patrons. Nothing too serious as to make me yawn and leave, but a little uptight for a dive bar. But the bartenders and waiter were really cool, so that definitely balanced it out.
I've been putting off writing a review for Tattooed Mom's because I want to be able to give an accurate description while also conveying my love for it. So now I will try:

Atmosphere: Tattoed Mom's is a niche bar with generally very specific clientele. With a tasteful painting of a woman exposing her breasts above the mirror in the bar, paintings of demons, goblins and ghouls thrown on the walls, lolipops and toy plastic rings and spinners on the bar, and old victorian furniture and race cars as seating (yes, decommissioned race cars), this place is what I would imagine it's like to be on LSD...but in the best way! Every time you come there will be a new piece of art to explore and little details you missed the for 10 times you came here, and this makes it feel novel yet familiar at the same time. I love this place for many reasons and the atmosphere is absolutely one of them. It's warm and inviting in that scary dark part of your brain type of way. Like you're afraid but with familiar fear that hides in your nightmares. 

The Clientele: This is not the type of place one would normally venture into after work- if that person happens to work in an office. That's not to say you can't, because lord knows I have, but expect the weird looks. If the above description didn't give way to the types of folks that frequent this place then I don't know what to say. They are quirky, they are odd, they are you high school best friends, they are those kids who hung out under the bleachers and smoked and listed to Pink Floyd while squares like me studied. Now, that isn't to say you HAVE to be that type to eat there. I was a square who studied, was a very good student, and wears suits to work and I love this place. It's more of an "FYI" than anything. I love the people that go there and am secretly one of them, I just also happen to be a bit too lame to commit to the whole lifestyle. 

The drinks: Beer and liquor. I don't know about wine (it's really not the type of place you order wine). I usually just stick with beer

The events: So I am told that they have arts and craft days on Sunday where you and your friends and kids (yes, this place IS kid-friendly esp. during the day). They also have a monthly comedy show called "Tattoed Momedy" that I'd like to see one day. I think it's on a Tuesday. Other events throughout the week/month as well.

and finally....the food: This place is an absolute dream for me because, while I'm not a vegan, I love vegan foods. They have vegan pierogies with vegan sour cream (!!!), a blackened chick'n veggie burger with vegan cheese (!!!) and so many more options. I mean it's like vegan late night drunk bar food! Who could ask for anything better? I've also had their wings which were phenomenal (very spicy in my opinion). I am so excited to try all of the things on their menu. Be forewarned that their food is served on paper plates with plastic forks and knives, so if you're looking for fancier then this is not the place for you. 

Overall, it's one of my favorite places in the city because it's solid, reliable, convenient, and I feel right at home. There is no pressure to order food, nobody bothers you if you're sitting alone at the bar (as I have been known to do), and the staff are the perfect mix of attentive and non-attentive in that they will generally only acknowledge you if you do so first. Check it out!
This place is pretty great.  It's a very relaxed atmosphere which is great for hanging out.  They have pretty cheap drinks, especially PBR.  I thoroughly enjoy cheap drinks.  I haven't really checked, but I don't get the feeling they have a lot of beers to choose from.  Beer (other than PBR) doesn't seem to be what most people come here for though.  The bar tenders and waiters are friendly, sometimes surly and quick.  The food isn't the best, but it's not bad either.  They have a lot of veggie and vegan options and different food specials everyday (I think).  You will find bowls of candy on the tables, usually dum-dums and chocolate at the bar.  

cheap booze + cheap food + free candy  = WIN

The decor is eclectic and fun, just like their patrons.  It's a decent size as well.  I'm told there is an upstairs with smoking, but have never ventured up there.

Give this place a go, it's fun!
This is the first bar I had been to in Philly. My first visit was about 3 years ago. One look at the jukebox selection was enough to add TM to my regular rotation of watering holes. I love the decor and especially when they have the arts and crafts made by customers up around the holidays. I went to TM last spring around Mother's Day on a study break to simply grab food and instead ended up spending a couple hours making a card for my Mom with the table of arts and crafts goodies they had laid out. Best study break I can remember!
$1.50 tacos?  Awesome.  $1.50 PBR tallboys?  Awesome.  (Only on Tuesdays?  Hey, I can't get drunk every night anyway, whatever.)  I love how the downstairs feels like a totally different place from the upstairs.  If only the rest of South Street wasn't so awful.

I'll have to go back and try this sausage-wrapped-in-a-pancake-on-a-stick business.
I really don't like this section of South Street, especially at night when it fills up with drunk bro dudes looking fight. 

I've never had the food but it's a great place to go with a bunch of friends and get sloppy drunk off of cheap PBR's. The Jukebox is really good and offers a solid mix of punk, metal, indie, soul, 80's etc. 

The upstairs bar has a really great shitty punk rock vibe and is pretty large (good for groups!). From these other reviews it sounds like I need to try the food soon!
If you dress in all black, hate your parents, have a few piercings and tattoos, and enjoy riding your fixie on the sidewalk, you probably love this place. 

I have no problem with the bar itself. The place has a unique graffiti inspired decorating scheme. The beer selection is not very good, but better than a lot of places. Most people are drinking canned PBR anyway, which tastes like crap, but its better than Bud, I guess. 

The clientele is pretty interesting. I would quite call them hipsters, maybe wanna-be again hipsters of a various demographics. You also have some city kids and tourists mixed in to the pot.
This is one of the few places I really hope Covid wipes out. Because I hate this place. It used to be a fun metal and punk bar with ok drinks and ok food, but cool people. Now it's an Antifa nursery where you're more likely to get jumped for having the wrong type of musical, social or political taste. The staff suck, the food and drinks suck, and most important, the people and atmosphere suck. It's baffling how cringe inducing this place has become. 

This place blows. I genuinely hope it does not survive the pandemic. it doesn't deserve to.
Previous Punk Scene, now Hip Scene, great grunge design upstairs.  Great to grab a beer/food downstairs EARLY, any day.  These earn the 2 stars from the rating.

But at night, go here once, then never again.  Avoid.

I have gotten a throw-up smelling glass of beer here three of the night visits. Once there was actually throw-up on it.  Order cans or bottles.

The upstairs bar and pool tables are packed at night, and the bartender will purposefully ignore you if you don't tip $1 per PBR, even if you order 3 at once for friends.  Once, a bartender started a facebook petition for "ordering etiquette" that explained how they will do this, in some sort of Bizzarro union tactic against the customer instead of the management.  If you're not paid enough, its not the customer's fault: the beer isn't even cheaper for us.  It's the management's fault.  But I guess they decided they have a better chance against customers?

Let's be honest, this is a nostalgia destination for the fledging punk scene being commercialized on South St.  If you're young, "not from" or "new" to the city, or want to bring an out-of-towner to a place they'll think has a hip design, here's your place.  If you are trying to look hip, with others trying the same thing, here's your place.

If you're just looking to have a good time, you'll have to dial one of the numbers on the bathroom stall.
Nested amongst the print shops and cheesesteak joints along South Street is this great little dive. The first thing I noticed was the decor, which is unlike any bar I've seen. First off, carpet?!? In a dive bar? Are those action figurines on the shelves? Are the walls seriously this disgusting sea green color? Are those G.I. Joes on the bar, with little jumping frogs and spider rings? Are those Buddah statues guarding the liquor? Is that a naked lady painting above the bar?

Confusion soon turned to awe. 

I was handed a $1 PBR Tall Boy by the disgruntled and tattooed (who would've guessed?) bartender, and started up a conversation with a  tattooed regular (see a theme here anybody?). A sports discussion came up and I jokingly brought up how the Penguins (my team) were playing in the Stanley Cup, and got the full wrath of two Philadelphia sports fans. Wouldn't recommend doing that. We reconciled over our multal love of Yeungling and the naked lady painting.

The next day, I awoke with 2 G.I. Joes in my pocket. It made me smile.
This place has the best bar stools at the downstairs bar.  That would be enough for greatness, but they take it further with a good veggie burger and tater tots, and decent cheap beer.  Every time I've been there the service is pretty good, the bathroom is clean, and the atmosphere is cozy and interesting; i.e. if the conversation is boring there's plenty to gaze at!
When I asked the bartender a very serious question, "What is the better drink to try first from your cocktail menu, the POP ROCKET (comes with poprocks in it), the DARIQURI CLOUD (the god dam drink has cotton candy in it with an assortment of liquor poured over it!), or the TIKI KITTY (freaking drink comes in a Cat waving to you with the straw placed in its Paw!) he starred me down and said they are all brilliant!

He was not lying my friends, the drinks here are something very special! I tried the Dariquri Cloud which is a work of art and very good! I then went on to try the Tiki Kitty which is a bit stronger coming with 3.5 oz of alcohol but for an extra 5 bucks you can keep the cat mug (Yes, I bought the mug and would easily buy some of there other awesome decor spaced throughout there establishment. I would like to mention there are dum dum pops all throughout the bar....a little werid but ahhh you want to cleanse the palate or want a bit of sugar here you go take 1, take 2, hell it is close to Halloween take as many as you want.

Ordered the Burger and it was good, nothing exceptional but it fills you up and does the job. Got the Ass Basket, that is right there Ass Basket comes with mozzeralla sticks, waffle fries, and chicken tenders. The chicken tenders were actually much better then average, mozzerall sticks I felt were a bit too cold, and the waffle fries they give you a ton so all in all for the price point you can totally just come here for drinks and snack on this appeziter with another and get away fairly cheap.

If there was ever a question as to whether I will be back I would answer that with a simple question.... "Are you deaf, dumb, retarded or all three?!" Of course I will be back!! As always SYOY!!
I have been going to Tattooed Mom for almost a decade - this place is my style and I feel very comfortable and safe here! I like the staff a lot and recognize that TM is a busy bar and restaurant. Their serving style is efficient and I've never had to wait long for food. I like all of the fun cocktails and I think the prices are great. Thanks TM!!
Went yesterday afternoon for the Philly Sewing Collective Sublime Stitching event.

Service was great. Only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because my sandwich was burnt to a nice, rust color (fish sandwich). I could barely eat it.

Met the owner for the first time, he was really nice and just wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves.

So I had to come back and change my review because my experience last night was really pleasant!

Horray for good reviews!
After a lousy over priced brunch at Brick & Mortar, I came here with my dining buddy and it completely erased the prior bad experience we'd just had.

The place has a funky fun house on acid kind of look and it immediately felt friendly. We seated ourselves at a table on the ground floor, ordered drinks and Frank, our server, was extremely pleasant without being ass kissing, too cool for school or phony. He kept his eye on us and always arrived just when we felt it was time for another round, but we never felt like he was pushing drinks. 

I'm a native and my buddy has relocated from New Mexico and is always looking for a "Philly bar." This is definitely one! There were all kinds of people of all ages in here, everyone was enjoying themselves, no one had or gave any rotten attitude, the drinks tasted like they had booze in them, the music was good, not too loud and the food smelled great. We had 3 drinks each, sat for several hours and our tab was $11. I left a very generous tip because Frank was so cool and my friend and I both said as we left, "this place warrants repeat visits!"
One of the best bars in Philly (South Street, specifically).  Very dank and charming, with helpful and friendly staff.

You also have to love a place that has happy hour EVERY DAY!  (D.C. unfortunately has not drank the Kool-Aid yet).  I was also pleasantly surprised by the food.  $6 for poutine fries, which were tasty.
Tattooed Mom's is quickly climbing as one of my favorite bars in philadelphia. But I almost wanted to give them 4 stars. Why? 

Because it's not in my neighborhood and I have to come all the way down to south street to hang out here.
Each day, before the entire population of South Jersey Jagerbombs South Street, there is a place you can go to sit on a throne, craft something out of pipecleaners, and suck on a dum dum while you wait for someone to bring you food.

No, it's not your mom's living room, it's actually Tattooed Mom. 

And oh yeah, the food is good too..

Can't speak for carnivorous options, but the vegetarian/vegan menu is awesome. And it's HALF PRICE ON MEATLESS MONDAYS! (5-7 or 10-11)

If you eat honey, the Honey Sriracha "Chicken" Wrap is essential. Even better with "bacon" & guac. Also veg corn dogs, burgers, and steak sandwiches. Here's a caution though: don't mis-steak the "vegan steak sandwich" for a loaded cheesesteak - the one I got was just "steak" on a roll, kinda dry and definitely in need of a sauce. Good news is you can add a cornucopia of FREE veggie toppings/sauces, or pay a bit extra for special ones like Daiya, guac, "bacon", etc.
Rude, 'too cool' staff, my cheesesteak was overly-dry and my fries were limp. 
I can handle staff who are a-holes, but make sure the food is on point. 

Avoid this 'hip' dump, it's a waste of money. And although I didn't sit, it looks like it smells inside.
I cannot believe that I have not been to this location until recently. They have 50 cent pierogis on Thursdays and Taco Tuesdays ($1 bean or beef tacos). They have a vast drink selection and a wide range of food options. 

First walking in I was taken aback by the décor and the odd but satisfying ambiance. It's different, unique and pleasing. I was immediately drawn to this place due to the tattoos, weird-ness and vegetarian options. Unfortunately when looking closer, it was pretty dirty in there. 

I was with a group of four and we all ordered drinks and an order of mozzarella sticks. For dinner I had the vegan pickle sandwich. I felt like I was actually eating fried chicken again. The sandwich was pretty big and I still wanted more afterward because it was delicious. It was 50 cent pierogi night which was cool because you get a paper that tells you all of your options. You can get anything from sour cream to fried onions to veganaise with your pierogis. My mom order the pierogis and was extremely impressed. The mozzarella sticks were delicious as well.  There was a second server who was running our food and was nothing short of rude. He would drop food and looked completely miserable to be there. I thanked him about 5 times and each time I was ignored. Thankfully our server was extremely friendly and helped me decide which beer to choose.

We got an order of cheese tater tots but there was so much cheese that the tater tots were too mushy and you could not take them out of the cheese to eat. 

Despite the off-putting server and cleanliness, I will definitely be back for more of their delicious food and to see the upstairs.
When someone has written smack about you on the bathroom wall, you feel more at home in a place, nahmean?
I've been going to Mom's for over ten years, and it's generally a great place to hang out, have a beer, and get some good bar food.  The burgers, tacos, nachos, and waffle fries are always very good, and they almost always have cider on tap.

I avoid Mom's on the weekends, though, because the hipster quotient is way too high for my taste, and people are usually crammed in the place like sardines.  Weeknights are the time to hit Mom's
Such a fun spot to grab a drink! They have a variety of cocktails and beers available, as well as food (that I didn't get to try) in a laid back and cool environment. The whole bar is decorated with stickers/graffiti with vintage furniture and lollipops and kid tattoos thrown all over the tables, which I found so fun.

I went during the day on Saturday and it wasn't very busy but with two stories I can imagine it gets really full on weekend nights. Definitely a cool relaxed place to grab a drink and take some good insta pics at this cute hipster bar!
I've been coming to this bar  for over 20 years. Tonight, a random Tuesday in January at 10pm, the door guy decided to be so outright  rude to me that my whole party and I couldn't bear to stay. My pocketbook had been stolen a few days before. I was telling the door man that I didn't have my  ID due to theft but that I did have my passport. I began to joke about my age, saying, "who would lie about their age and say they're in their 40's..." and as the people behind us began to laugh and agree, the door man loudly said, "STOP YELLING AT ME AND STEP BACK!"  It was extremely awkward. I was not yelling, perhaps speaking over the music and crowd, but I was definitely not out of line in any way. Rude af upon walking in  =  we don't want to drink here now, or maybe ever.
Ecto-Cooler colored walls have bathed my memories of Tattooed Mom in a greenish glow. Its gleam is not unlike that of an aquarium, in my mind. Coincidentally fish-style drinking has happened there over the years. Hmm.

The first floor is punk meets some ole granny's parlour. I kinda covet the light lime Victorian-y seating group, but I'd happily relax on any of those thrift store special sofa seats I could snag. Strange and comfortable. Good for hanging out.

 There are alcoves and nooks and all manner of vintage kitsch surrounding you as you drink and possibly enjoy some 50 cent pierogies on Thurday nights. Even though deep frying pierogies isn't my favorite preparation of those fellas, I can still get down, and I have. 

At the rail, the padded vinyl retro bar stools are like Queen Anne lounge-stools. Most comfortable bar stools in the business, I say. Perched there, I've mentioned to pretty much whoever I'm sitting next to at the time, "What if I came in here like everyday and never talked to a soul and drank and drank while leering creepily at that nudie painting?" Then I act it out for my lucky neighbor, licking my lips lecherously, drinking and staring unblinkingly at the topless broad in the oil painting above the bar. The gag gets some laughs but I'm thinking that it might be more successful if I looked more like Stan Zbornak. Gotta work on that.

Upstairs is covered with graffiti and plastered with posters and band flyers like the hallways of the punk clubs of my yoot. And I like it. Good jukeboxes here, indeed.

Now South Street is my touristy backyard and I do my share of complaining bout the hullabaloo and nonsense that it can attract. Weekend nights especially are when I steer clear. (Yeah that WAS me you saw dead-arm running across South, frantically uttering, "Home, home, get home...") It can be a zoo...but there are still places that we appreciate on the strip, and Tattooed Mom is one of em. 

Not that weeknights don't get busy. Monday through Thursday's food specials draw. So do double happy hours.  5-7PM and then 10-11 PM, all drafts are half off. See, that's what's up.

Another thing, we're always treated really well at Mom's...and WE look like filthy hippies!
Mom's is my go-to bar when I just want to relax with friends while drinking cheap beer and eating cheap food... without feeling cheap. It's sort of like hanging out in your crazy great-aunt's living room, if your aunt had disaffected hipsters lounging about and a velvet nude on the wall. You can't beat the specials, either. Wednesdays are my favorite, featuring 25 cent pierogies. Taco Tuesdays aren't bad either. If, like me, you're OK with drinking shitty cheap beer when it only costs a dollar, head over on Fridays or Saturdays for $1 PBRs. And don't miss the monthly craft days, held on Sundays. You might decorate anything from a potato to a construction paper heart with paint, glitter, pipe cleaners and googly eyes. And be still my heart--they added tater tots to the menu!
I'd been here before with a friend and liked their food, and I was enthusiastic about showing my boyfriend with food allergies the cool place we'd found. Attempted to go with my boyfriend in tow, who uses a wheelchair, only to be told that they didn't have a portable ramp for their ONE ~14" high step, nor outdoor seating. Too bad, another business got that $100 lunch tab. Said friend had been there a few years ago and they had a portable ramp. It's a shame they couldn't be bothered with basic accessibility.
Two words NEVER AGAIN!  My boyfriend and I went for the arts and crafts on Sunday.  We left because of the rude girl working behind the bar.  We've never been treated this badly anywhere before.  If you like bad service with a bad attitude than this is the place for you.  Sorry I will take my business to one of the other 50 bars on South St.
I have been reluctant to write this review because of my years of loyalty to this place but this needs to be said....
  About 2 weeks ago my friend and I decided to pop into T Moms for a quick afternoon beer while shopping on South St, keep in mind this being one of my rare days off working as a chef. I have been coming to T Moms for almost a decade now and always found it a great place to bring friends from out of town and a great place to make new friends, but I CANNOT believe the way my friend and I were treated. We walk in to sit down at the bar and the bartender (a black lady wearing sunglasses indoors mind you) asked for our IDs. I had found it strange because Im almost never asked for my ID, and I'm a familiar with the place. I handed her my ID completely forgetting that it was expired, and once she noticed it, started to immediately get hostile with me....NOT RUDE but HOSTILE. She looked at my friends ID, him being 44yrs old and having a Louisiana ID, stared at it for about a good 5min before asking us what we wanted to drink. We ordered 2 pabst and she went to go give them to us. I was exclaiming how I can't believe my license was expired for that long to my friend, the she stops....She then tells us that she isn't going to serve us with "those bullshit ass IDs" and "quit disrespecting us by coming in here with those bullshit IDs" and then finally to "get the fuck outta here with your lame asses". I was waiting for her to come over the bar and start swinging at me. The way she was screaming at us was like she wanted me to start screaming back at her, but I didn't. I work in the industry and if she didn't want to serve us then why did she almost hand us a beer and why couldn't she have politely asked us to leave? Of all the times I have been to Moms, I have never caused a problem, always tipped well and had a good time but after that I WILL NEVER GO BACK! 

    T Mom's I hate to say you lost a very loyal customer that brought you years of business because of one bartender. I understand it is a liability, no doubt, but I've been treated better in South Philly dive bars, and wasn't expecting to be screamed at like that in there of all places. I'm shocked if you allow her to continue working there after knowing she cursed at, insulted and pretty much attacked 2 loyal patrons. I love the rest of the staff there, but she really needs to go.
Hands down the best place on South Street to grab a bite and a beer.  

Lunchtime is usually pretty chill, with a few tables taken downstairs (upstairs doesn't seem to open until later on in the early evening).  There is a bar with the coolest gold, glittery vinyl barstools evah.

Be a nice person here, and the waitstaff will be nice to you.  I would highly, HIGHLY recommend the fAlafel and hummus, or the vegan steak sandwich(ITS WHAT I IMAGINE FOOD IN VEGAN HEAVEN TASTES LIKE).

They cater to vegetarians as well as meat eaters, and I find their veg dishes way more appetizing.  

If you have the chance to visit at night, make sure you drink upstairs.  There are pool tables, little penny toys scattered around for your pocket's pleasure (tops, jumping frogs, those red fishy things that curl up in the palm of your hand).  There are bumper car tables, and graffiti and band stickers covering every single inch of wallspace, even in the bathrooms.

Just an experience that everyone should have at least once.

DON'T MISS IT!!!!!!!
Came in for happy hour/taco tuesday with a couple coworkers. As a happy hour experience I have to say I was quite pleased. The food came out quick, prices were reasonable, and the staff super friendly.

We got the mango bubble rita, tiki kitty, 5 of their special tacos (ginger lemongrass beef with miso mayo, daicon and carrot) and cheese fries. 

The special tacos were $1.50 each and worth every bite with no sign of fusion confusion in sight (their regular beef and vegetable tacos were $1 each).  I was also surprised to see these tacos were hard shell as i was expecting cantina tacos in a corn tortillas.  The cheese fries were nice and crispy and covered in thick cheese. Definately one to share.

I didnt get to explore upstairs, maybe next time.  What I do know is I'm definately coming back for tacos.
i love this place. it's just a chill, laid-back, fun place. I don't know what it's like on the weekends, but on the weekdays, it's just been a great place to hang out - quiet enough to be able to converse with your friends and laid back enough that you can laugh so hard that you snort. bud and pbr are pretty cheap, but other beers aren't (a strongbow is $6!) i also love all the toys that they leave on the tables. maybe i'm easily amused, but i can spend all night spinning plastic tops or putting fortune fish in my friends' palms. 

pierogie nights are now 50 cents each (up from 25 cents). still delicious!
I love Mom's. There's writing all over the walls, go karts to sit in, and a loud jukebox with punk.   They have special food days of the week, Taco Tuesday being my favorite.  It's best to go upstairs with a group of your friends and shoot some pool.  Lately, though, it seems like a lot of unsual characters have been frequenting the place.  I don't know what this is about, but I feel like there may be a rumble a brewin'.
Though coming here as huge yelp crowd was entertaining for some booze-fueled good times this place has few redeeming qualities beyond cost. The food, if it can be called such, is of Philadelphia Public School cafeteria caliber - bringing back such horrors as Tater tots and Chicken fingers. The Mrs. T Pirogues were palatable, however, as was the Falafel but both require the culinary expertise and patience of ... well, me. Preheat Oven...Open package... Insert item... Done in 1o-15 minutes. I generally refrain from eating while out what I can prepare at home in a 30 minute time crunch.
My take on this place was not helped by its dank basement feel. What some have called in earlier reviews the bars "punk-rock appeal" - seems to me like a bullshit excuse by the owners not to invest back into the business and pocket cash instead. Shit furniture, institutional green colored walls (???) that badly need repainting, 80's retro memorabilia and half-assed arts and crafts projects does not a punk bar make.  Where is the anti-establishment message? The anti-authoritarian ideologies? 
All I see is PBR specials... No thanks.
Cheap Pabst and the hooker on the wall is the only thing that makes this place worthwhile...expensive and dirty yuengling draughts, a clientele of played out punk rock guys and size-you-up-hipsters, shitty service and a we're so cool it hurts atmosphere make this place suck. this place has seen its day. ten years ago called, it wants it's bar back. fucking blaaaahh..and this is coming from a person who loves sugar moms...the toys and shtick are great, this south street locale just straight sucks.
Cons:
Creepy dolls behind glass that may haunt your dreams 
Rushed unfriendly service that will have you clutching your half-full beer as they breeze by. 

Pros:
on Wednesdays...
2 dollar 16oz bud bottles
Delicious 25 cent fried pierogies.

9 pierogies and a bud please. I'll take the nightmares to go.
Let's see... is it cool to hate this place now because it's becoming too cool to hang out here? Or is it so cool to hate this place that it's even more cool to come here anyway even though you know you're better than that?

Augh. You know what? I don't care. This bar is unique, fun, and no matter what some people say, you still don't have to deal with a lot of bullshit here, and I like that. So what if a few hipster fuckers want to sit around and be annoying? I'd rather have that than a bunch of frat boys. At least I can kick a hipster's ass if need be.
Wow, what a great dive bar!  We came here for a friend's bday party, and I really like the unique atmosphere of the bar-graffiti on the walls, punk rock on the juke box and $1 PBRs. Unlike other bars, I could actually talk to my friends without having to yell or be really loud,

It definitely seems like a fun place to hang out and play pool and drink $1 PBRs.
I need to update my Tattooed Mom review for one reason:

Best. Vegan. Cheesesteak. In. The. City.

Also, toys, beer, being carded, ambiance, music, tatertots, vegenaise, Taco Tuesday, Burger Wednesday, consistent & awesome vegan options, & rad customer service.

But really, I'm so all about one thing:

Best. Vegan. Cheesesteak. In. The. City.
FOUR STARS FOR HAVING A TOY ON THE TABLE THAT GAVE ME THE ABILITY TO BEAT UP ON MY DATE WITH! 
Nothing says "This is going well" like hitting someone in the face with a 'silly band'. *

The only time I've eaten there, I was in a state of wild inebriation. I had a veggie burger; it was ok. My most recent visit had nothing to do with food and everything to do with getting silly in the company of an attractive stranger from the internet.

For an incredibly reasonable price, my 'friend' and I had about 10 drinks each over a few hours. The delightful bartender kept putting more and more gin in my drink (bless your heart, you are a true humanitarian) so I was a fucking happy camper. My glass was never empty, it was easy to get a table, blah blah blah all around a good time.


*I regret nothing.
Yeah, I guess I can give Mom's five majical stars.  It's got what I'm looking for in a bar.  

Things like:  tatted up drunk dudes that I want to bang, fatteningly delicious food, drink specials, sushi-grade jukebox(es), smoking area, filthy rockandroll graffiti, surly cocktail waitress.

They also have some things that I didn't necessarily want, but make other people like it a real lot.  Things like: roller coaster cars, carpeted non-sketchy area, pool tables, and toy figures.

An area of contention is a thing that, as far as I know, they DON'T have....ROCK AND ROLL DANCE PARTIES!  ROCK AND ROLL DANCE PARTIES!  Come on, the smoking room is perrrrfect for that shit!  Just think of the possibilities for iniquity!
This spot is so good for a lot of reasons so I'll keep it brief.

Aside from it being really cool inside the service is great.
 [First floor being more classy punk w the green walls, tables, vintage furniture, lollipops and little tchotchke toys everywhere, nook area and cute artwork on the walls]

Sat at the bar downstairs to wait for friends, greeted immediately, beer/drink lists were very reasonable, and they have full food menu.

Friends came and we finished our first round upstairs. CLOSE OUT DOWNSTAIRS if you're staying upstairs. The tabs don't transfer. 

[Second floor] is more the classic shit hole- covered in graffiti and stickers-metal blasting kinda spot which I also love. There's pool, juke box, another bar, reclaimed bumper cars and bus seats for seating, HUGE hang out spot in the way back past the bar.

JOEL was my man. He handled the crowd like a pro, still kept it light cracking jokes but got the job done. 
I'd come back just to be his regular lol full disclosure we can during the last afternoon like 3ish and left around 7 when the obnoxious crowd started rolling in. So our experience was far better than some I've heard.

Got the kitty cocktail w the ceramic Chinese cat cup Bc I had to keep it. Pretty good, kinda sweeter than I'd want but he measured everything out w the jiggers so that's just how the drink is I guess.

FOOD:
Lots of vegan or vegetarian options or healthy alternatives to classic bar food like a vegan cheesesteak wrap?!?
Really good portion sizes and the prices were perfect. 
Pirogies (6) were great, crispy, came w any side sauce/condiment.
Waffle fries and shriacha ketchup also banging.
Chicken fingers were HUGE and about like 8 pieces to an order so make sure you're ready for that. It's listed under snacks but it's a meal.  
Hummus and falafel platter was okay. They were pretty dry (peta and falafel) but came w a side salad and plenty of hummus so I kinda used them to mask it.

BATHROOMS:
Hidden upstairs all the way in the back area, guys and girls, still covered in graffiti and stickers but were actually pretty clean which I appreciated. No broken toilet paper holders or overflowed shit anywhere like regular punk bars. Stalls are pretty tight tho, no big person friendly lol.
Ok, so I went to TM on 3/9/12 with 3 other friends.  I was extremely upset with the service and food! One server (who seemed like she was strung out), stuffing posed as "veggie meat", and a dry throat because I wasn't offered anything to drink.  I HATE this place and I will never go again!
Tattooed Mom is a MUST if you're ever on South Street and looking for a good meal. Lots of vegan options, too. 

Seating is "sit wherever you'd like" so it's cool that you get to choose a table when you walk in. There is an upstairs lounge area that I didn't get a chance to check out. 

Our waitress came over for our drink order and we also put in an appetizer order of mozzarella sticks. The mozzarella sticks were hot and very cheesy. Strings of cheese kept oozing out. That's how you know they were good. 

None of the sandwiches/wraps come with a side. I guess that's why the menu has one section of only fries and tots. I'm assuming the fries and tots come in shareable portions. The pricing is a bit high for a sandwich and nothing else. But the food is delicious and fresh so I can't complain. 

I ordered a Beyond Mom burger. For those who don't know, it's a plant-based patty. The patty sat beneath  pickles, lettuce, tomato, fried onion and Beyond Mom sauce. It was cooked perfectly. I enjoyed it. 

My boyfriend ordered the Honey Sriracha Fried Chicken wrap. He said it was great but too spicy for his liking. They also make a vegan version of this wrap. 

Definitely recommend. It's an awesome spot for foods and hangs!
My wife and I stopped in to get food and drinks with our parents. We saw how cool this place was so we had to try it. As soon as I walked in the place smelled like mold, the floors were sticky, and we stood there waiting to find out if we seat ourselves. "Turns out you do" We take our seats and the menu has a ton of options for me and my vegetarian wife which is cool. We ordered appetizers like mozzarella sticks, tots, and pierogies. All the food was delicious and will keep me coming back. Just was not a fan of the moldy grandmother's house. A little tlc can go a long way.
You could picture sid vicous sitting in one of the bumper cars in with his nancy in the back room.

I mean bumper cars. It attracts all walks of life and ages. It is a younger crowd but nobody really cares. If you like dive bars this is a good one. Say hi to Sparks.
I recently visited this place with a few friends . At the end of the night we split the check into 3 equal bills . The next day I woke up to realize that the bar charged the entire bill on my card. I've called this establishment 3 times! I still have yet to hear back. When I asked them when a manager will be available to rectify the issue , they gave me the complete run around! Please don't waste your time visiting this restaurant.
Stopped in here the other night after a show at the TLA. It's the only bar on South Street that I have any interest in entering. The beer is cold, the lollipops are free, and there are TONS of options (for a place that serves comfort 1970s mom bar food) for vegetarians and vegans, which I love. 

Now, if only they wouldn't run out of tater tots EVERYTIME I go there, I'd be a happier girl.
I found my sanctuary here. As soon as I walked in and saw the tagged-up walls and the half price draft beers, I was amped. I've been living in Philly for about four months now (but travel often for work), so its really taking some time to find some good spots. The bartenders were chill, and the underground hip hop they played upstairs was on point. No pretense and no bullshit. I'll definitely be back.
This is such a great bar! They have a great happy hour and a menu to satisfy all. Their vegan options are amazing, constantly changing​ but still delicious. They are bike friendly, support local artists, and have an eclectic​ inside. I love, love, love their vegan burgers. 

I do think it would be better if they had more than one person on busy nights​. Some nights we have to wait 20 mins (or more) to get food or drinks. Regardless, I will continue to go here at least once a week.

If you're vegan, try the pickle fried chicken steak! It's​ SO GOOD. I don't know what the real version​ tastes like but my friends (who eat meat) have remarked that it's delicious.
This happened over a month ago, but I still feel as hurt and humiliated as I felt on the night of my visit. I didn't want to post this review but the pain of what happened on that night comes back every time I think of it. They way these people hurt me still stays with me. I simple visit to a bar doesn't have to scar you for life. They served me food that made me sick and then  they humiliated me. 
My boyfriend and I were visiting Philadelphia for the first time and we were looking for vegan food. We ordered vegan tacos and beer which were OK. He even left a positive review on the app he found this place before we left. Just few minutes after we left the establishment, I started feeling very sick and needed to use a bathroom urgently. We were a couple blocks away and I gave my purse and a coat to my boyfriend and ran back as fast as I could praying that I am able to make it in time. When I got back, the guy at a front door asked me for an ID.  No one asked us to show IDs when we walked into the place earlier in the evening, or when we ordered alcohol. Had they asked us for IDs the first time we walked in, I would've grabbed a valet before leaving a purse with my boyfriend. But now, when I was in so much pain and distress and in urgent need of a bathroom they wanted to see my ID.  I explained to the guy that my boyfriend had my purse and that he is just behind me. I told him that we were there  10 minutes before and I need to use a bathroom urgently.  But still he wouldn't let me in. I repeatedly said that I just needed to use a bathroom and nothing else, but he wouldn't let me in. By the time my boyfriend got there with my ID, the guy was telling me to leave. At that point I was in a state of a shock, embarrassment and a complete disbelief and in bad pain and discomfort. I now had my ID, but that no longer mattered. He told me I could use a bathroom somewhere else, but frankly, I wasn't sure if I could walk around looking for another bathroom in the neighborhood I don't know. Plus, it was their food that was making me sick in a first place. I kept repeatedly saying that I just needed to use the bathroom.  Eventually they threatened to call the cops if I didn't leave. 
At that point I was starting to cry. I walked out and my boyfriend literally had to walk me to another bar where I was allowed to use a bathroom after he bought a beer there. 
I have never been that humiliated and embarrassed and hurting in my entire life.  Their food put me in a physical pain and then they embarrassed and humiliated me and then they threatened to call police if I didn't leave even when they saw that I was in physical pain and  in a considerable distress.
Think skaters. Now think tattooed skaters. Now think tattooed skaters saying "chilllll duuude" while lounging on a couch with a bag of Doritos. Now you're getting a little warmer in terms of the clientele at this bar. 

I'm mostly just being facetious since this place, while catering more towards a hipster/skater crowd, is very welcoming and does indeed attract people from all walks of life! They got some super cool drinks and cocktails and the food is totally rad. Their tots are fire as are their pierogies. Definitely a very hip place with the interior being exactly what you'd expect from a place called "tattooed mom" with lots of graffiti, stickers, and all the other things that those edgy kids from the 90s like. 

It's a cool place to grab a drink and talk with friends, with the first place having table-side service until late and the second floor becoming more of a true, bar scene with light dancing and whatnot.
The employees are pretty rude in person and on the phone .. they all act very entitled ...
