To be candid, my usual go-to food truck for cheap sandwiches is Lyn's, but I haven't seen the cart since the beginning of the semester. I gave Terry's a try and I'm pleasantly surprised. Terry's is usually on 36th and Spruce Street. Kudos to them for staying open even during the midst of a pandemic and during the cold weather. The cart accepts both cash and Venmo (for purchases $7 or more), which is a huge plus. 

The person who worked the truck was friendly and asked politely about how I'd like to customize my sandwich. I got mushroom, spinach, egg, cheese, and sausage on a roll ($5). For the price and quantity of the food, I have no complaints. I liked how soft the bread was and Terry's doesn't skimp on ingredients. My only gripe would be that Lyn's is just a bit cheaper. 

TLDR: A comparable substitute for Lyn's and the place to go if you're looking for cheap, yummy sandwiches. Cash and Venmo (for purchases $7 or more) accepted.
Yummy.  So good and so hungry that there was no time to take a photo. You won't be disappointed by this food truck. Great price too.
My go-to place for breakfast!!! The sandwiches are SO filling and amazing quality, especially for the price. The people who work the truck are very kind and even remember my order.
One of the most underrated food trucks on campus. I always get the same thing: mushroom, spinach, egg and cheese on a plate with avocado, onions, and hot sauce. That comes out to $4 - obviously a great deal. The owners are extremely friendly and hardworking. The truck is out every day (seriously - even on weekends and SNOW DAYS). Overall, great people, great food, great service, great value.
Terry's is my go-to for a cheap cheesesteak in UCity. The first time I went, I was pleased with the quality of the cheesesteak for its value. I wanted to go back again but couldn't remember what the food cart was called, tried looking it up on Yelp, and didn't find a listing for it. I went back on Spruce Street to look for the truck today and decided to list their business on Yelp for them.

Terry's is quite popular--today, I watched a family in a van park along the street, send a child out to buy couple cheese steaks and drinks at the cart, and drive away. It's definitely a good sign when someone goes out of their way to come here, as most food cart customers purchase food from these carts because they are within walking distance. There is also always a line at lunchtime, so make sure you arrive either a little earlier before noon or after 1. 

Terry's offers a variety of breakfast and lunch items at a very reasonable price.  A plain steak is $4, and a cheesesteak is $5 (onions at no cost, and generous amount of cheese as well as steak). The thing I like about Terry's steaks the most is that they don't fall apart in your hand when you take them out of the wrapper; steak joints like Pat's and Geno's make them so ridiculously greasy that the bread gets soggy before you even open the wrapping.

On top of being delicious and reasonably priced, the two men who usually work at the food cart are always incredibly friendly and courteous.
