Who the hell is Thaddeus Kosciuszko? Well, after visiting this National Memorial on 3rd and Pine you'll get your answer. But okay, I'll give you a little background information before you go. Kosciuszko was from Poland, but during the American Revolution he worked as a brilliant military engineer and designed successful fortifications. This is the house where the Revolutionary hero lived for six months.

If you're in the area, why not pop in for a quick tour? It's American/Philadelphia history so you'll learn something interesting. Nothing wrong with that!

The operating hours are Saturday and Sunday from 12:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m. and no tickets are needed.

Fun Fact: This is the smallest unit of the National Park System.

Australian Fun Fact: The highest mountain in Australia is named after him, Mount Kosciuszko.
Interesting site - the smallest in the National Parks System.

This house is where Thaddeus Kosciuszko, a Polish engineer, stayed while in Philadelphia in the winter of 1798. The exhibition is just a couple of rooms and a room with a short video about Kosciuszko's life and experience as a military engineer. 

Only open on weekend afternoons, so plan your visit accordingly. We went on a Sunday around 1:30pm and there were just a few other visitors. Half an hour felt like enough time to get a sense of the place. 

They have the NPS stamp on site for those looking to stamp their passports.
Polish military engineer, Kosciuszko designed and constructed fortifications, most notably at Saratoga and West Point in New York. This site, a room he rented in 1797-98, is the smallest in the National Park System.
Movie available. No tours.
This is a bit off the beaten path from downtown historic Philadelphia, but I knew I had to check this place out. I was aware that the museum would only be open on weekends, so I didn't get to go in that day (Wednesday). Interestingly, of all the places in the U.S. National Park System, this is the smallest unit. The place is also dedicated as a U.S. National Memorial site. It does have two historical markers outside the place. Maybe if I'm in Philly on a weekend sometime in the future, I'll visit. It is free to visit when available.
If there was such a thing as My Life on the D-List: Colonial Edition, quite possibly Mr. Kosciuszko would host from The Great Beyond because when compared to the other more well known Revolutionary War figures in Philly history that's about where he fits in.

The house that the memorial is in is located in a very nice area around Society Hill and getting there is only about a five/six block walk from Market Street.

The house is very, very small with only four rooms of displays.

Room 1 is right when you enter and you have the Ranger's desk with a small display of a few books on one side with a display showing where Kosciuszko was during his years in the US.

Room 2 has a computer display showing all of the cities and countries that have statues/monuments/streets of him and in Australia's case a mountain named after him along with a timeline showing where he was before and after he left the US.

Room 3 is upstairs and that is the small theater room where you watch a short video about his time mostly in Philly and NY.  The video can be watched with or without subtitles and in either English or in Polish.

Room 4 has a mock up of the room he rented for a few months at the house and some displays of people he befriended in and around Philly.

That's it.

So to summarize:

Artist - Solider - Engineer - Freedom Fighter - He was Polish

Does he actually need his own memorial?  I don't know. 
I love history but to me this is about as dry and as wonkish as it comes.

If you go the house is only open Saturday and Sunday from Noon - 4pm.

(Fun Fact: The house was bought, saved and donated to the NPS by Edward Piszek.  Who is Edward Piszek you ask?  He would be better known as half of the team who founded Mrs. Paul's and he like Mr. Kosciuszko was Polish.)
