The Philadelphia Orchestra has always been known as one of America's "big five" orchestras and continues to be relevant and prolific today at its beautiful Kimmel Center / Verizon Hall home.

Music director Yannick Nezet-Seguin has injected cosmopolitan energy anew into the ensemble. On a recent performance of Schubert's Great Symphony, it was clear that the entire orchestra was indeed working as a well-oiled machine. The strings, of course, will always want to take the lead in any orchestra, but many of the performers in the rear, like the brass, woodwinds, and percussion, also had their own shining moments and were singled out for applause by both Yannick and an appreciative audience that knows its stuff.

The acoustics and modern splendor of Verizon Hall also add to the occasion. As far as I could tell, there was no amplification in the hall, yet the orchestra managed to reach every single rafter. This is truly a first-rate ensemble that continues to put Philly on the map on a global scale when it comes to music, and it's well worth your support.
Finally found something on Philly Yelp with less than 10 reviews -- and it's our orchestra. No wonder they're in Chapter 11. 

It's a real shame to see this local, national and international treasure wasting away. Among the handful of things that Philly can claim to do in a world-class fashion, our classical music scene is one of them. Regardless of the egos, battles between the players and conductors, union contract issues, ticket prices, the repertoire, the orchestra's faulty website and a hundred other issues, the Philadelphia Orchestra is an incredibly talented group that shouldn't be taken for granted or worse, ignored, by so many people.

Michael J is right about the natives. My mother has lived here her whole life and had never been to the orchestra until we went to see one of our local classical legends, Charles Dutoit, lead two Stravinsky pieces composed for the Ballets Russes. It was perfect for the PIFA theme of Paris, the Kimmel Center was lively before and after the stellar performance, and everyone enjoyed it. 

Watching Yannick Nezet-Seguin lead the orchestra through Mozart's Requiem a few months earlier was equally as impressive. The fiery, spirited incoming music director could -- and hopefully, will -- lead the Philadelphia Orchestra back to even greater prominence locally. 

Is classical music deemed to be too frou-frou now? Too boring? Once you've heard Beethoven in Bugs Bunny, that's enough? Or is it too intimidating and impenetrable? When I read a review like Julia A's, it reminds me how little I really *know* about classical music, but even though I'll never understand all the ins and outs, or play it myself, it's still a unique pleasure to hear and experience this music in person.

Every time I'm at a classical concert, I see how few people my own age are in the crowd, and I can't help wondering if there's some switch that turns on in people when they hit 55-60, and whether this genre of music will all but disappear in 20 years, if current generations aren't willing to help institutions like the Philadelphia Orchestra survive. 

I'm almost certain part of the drop-off in interest is due to cutbacks in the music programs in schools at all levels. Melissa W covered the students angle: they get a sweet deal, and should take advantage of it -- I'd love to get in one concert for $25, much less the season. (And if the ticket prices are an issue for you, I'd encourage you to check out the Philadelphia Chamber Music Society concerts, which are ~$20.)

Maybe the current financial problems will help the orchestra find more ways to connect with patrons and concertgoers, attract new and younger audiences, and dig out of the hole. The economy in recent years has obviously been an issue, but the programing here is among the best and most diverse I've seen compared to other cities, and there is never any question about the talent level. So if you haven't visited the orchestra before, or in a while, I'd urge you to check them out and see what you've been missing.
What's the difference between yogurt and America?

Yogurt has more culture.

...

Sad, but true. 

Get cultured. Go the the orchestra. $8 student rush tickets or $25 for the entire season. If you're a student, you have no excuse.
The Philadelphia O. is simply majestic.  Can't stop back in town without paying homage.
Wow! That is the best I can say to describe my experience of the Philadelphia Orchestra rendition of Tchaikovsky 5th Symphony.  If a picture is worth 1000 words, one onomatopoeia is worth 100k.

 Destiny  ! Inscrutable. Unavoidable. Destiny walks to our side, like a faithful friend.  Some say you can save yourself from it, but the sun melts their wings. Only the young can afford  Icaro's dream..  But destiny surly will knock at their door like a terrible angel delivering his cataclysmic message.  Such is the team of Tchaikovsky 5th Symphony.

 On May 12 my son invited me to attend the performance of one of my favorite's symphonies, Tchaikovsky's 5th   at the impressive Kimmel Center for the Performing Arts in Philadelphia., a true 21st century marvel;, designed by architect Rafael Viñoly and acoustician Russell Johnson. The Kimmel Center, with its cello-shaped 2,500 seat auditorium, is one of the world's best performance venues. Impresive!

 The concert program was 100% Russian, Liadov - Kikimora, Op. 63; Korngold - Violin Concerto in D major, Op. 35 and Tchaikovsky - Symphony No. 5 in E minor, Op. 64. The violin virtuoso, was of curse, beyond believe But what I want to tell you is not that. What I do want to share with you is my experience of the 5th symphony performed by one of the "Big Five" American orchestras.  

 Life and its happenings is what most concerns us, and life is the hardest thing you ever do. What happens in life, what concerns us most, we call fate; what is inevitable. When you don't like something, when you wish it would be different, fate has entered your room. 

 So what? You may have guessed it; fate is the team of Tchaikovsky's 5th symphony.   IN his note book, the master wrote about the 5th " :... a complete resignation before fate, which is the same as the inscrutable predestination of fate. 

 The 5th , roman numeral V, is the work of struggle against fate and of victory. The most popular and best known work of classical music is bears also the number 5, Beethoven's 5th symphony. Fate is also the team of Beethoven's master piece.  In Morse code the "short, short, short long" stands for "V" for victory. In both 5 ths the theme of fate is reputed throughout the entire price.    

 The greatness of this work has been controversial from the very beginning. Even the master wrote that "I have come to the conclusion that it is a failure."  Such is life itself .Unlike the master's other symphonies; the 5th has no clear program. But life itself has no clear program, at least not at the first, superficial glance.  It is a walk, a random walk, seemingly wit no direction. Andante is musical tempo described as a "slow walk". It is a masterful touch that 3 movements of the 5th are, you guessed it,  Andante, a walk. And a dance, Valse. They are:

1) Andante - Alegro con anima
2) Andante Cantable, con alcuna licenza
3) Valse, Allegro moderato
4) Finale. Andante maestoso

This "failure" has survived. It comes walking slowly, Andante.  Walking with no direction, no program. Destiny. Songs. "Walker, there are no paths; you make the path as you walk."  (Machado). There is no program, no beginning, no end  Eternal repetition, like the team of the 5th. Like the Eternal Return of the same that terrorized Nietzsche so much.  Also in Beethoven 5th the team of destiny returns throughout the symphony.  
Destiny hits us, like a siege city. Leningrad under the Nazi siege as recorded by Shostakovich in his Symphony No. 7.  Shostakovich took the team of occupation from the first movement of Tchaikovsky 5th.  During the occupation people were dying of starvation, and their love ones had to witness street dogs feeding on their corps. War. Destiny. Conflict.  Yet the  Andante  is  Alegro con anima., with spirit.. 
The walk continues, respiting for evermore.... Decaying into Andante Cantable con alcuna licenza, with some freedom. Freedom? What? Is there freedom under siege?  Whoever has ears, to hear, let them hear.  The "song" of the second movement inspirer the song "Moon Love", sang by Frank Sinatran. But only the melody is based on the second movement, not the theme. 
The Kimmel Center holds 2,500 listeners, I am sure it was almost full to capacity. That is 5,000 ears, and 2,500 beings hearing perhaps a different song. America is a young country, adolescent at best. Has there been enogth time in her history to experience :"La Forza del Destino"? I think not. It is perhaps due to this that I don't think Tchaikovsky Symphony can be fully understood and appreciated in this in these latitudes. From the very first time it was performed in America, the reaction was hostile. In Boston in 1892 it was compared to "...a torrent of demands struggling in a torrent of brandy, the music getting drunker and drunker."  For a critic the 5th was the weakest of the master's symphonies.  He observed that, "...the entire symphony seems to spring from some dark spiritual experience." Is this a minus or a plus? He didn't say.
I just returned from a free "pop-up" Philadelphia Orchestra concert at the Kimmel Center.  What an amazing experience!  Everyone should go to this Orchestra at least once in their lives to hear pure perfection.  And, everyone coming to Philadelphia as tourists owes it to themselves to try to see one concert while they are here.  If you're on a budget, check out the "rush" tickets available a few hours before the concert begins.  You will be glad you did!
Yes, it's official. The Philadelphia Orchestra has entered another Golden Age. 

   I don't know how many of us know how lucky we are to have one of the best, if not THE best orchestra in the world in Philadelphia right now. The only American orchestra Ever to be signed to Deutsch Gramophone makes its home at Broad and Spruce streets. 

   Any one of the singular components contributing to the orchestra's overall greatness  (A gifted conductor...amazing individual musicianship...a definable 'sound' as a an orchestra) would be enough to lure concert-goers to an evening out. The fact this orchestra demonstrates all of those characteristics makes it truly special. The season reflects the passion the orchestra in currently exuding. The Firebird, Shos. 5, Brahms 1 from an orchestra of this caliber are life altering experiences. 

   Yelp may be the wrong forum for advocacy of this sort, but if you have the opportunity to enrich your, or a loved one's, life with the gift of music, the Philadelphia Orchestra is the place to do it.
Really nice place, came to see a Christmas show and the orchestra did an amazing! It was sounds of the season since we were close to the holidays. Got tickets from this really awesome Veteran ticket site I usually get tickets from and had a great time out with my sister, mom and niece. 

We got dressed to the Nines and were looking our best so we would fit in with everyone else who we were sure would be dressed up for the show. As soon as we entered we were greeted by all the staff who were very welcoming and friendly. 

We were shown our seats promptly and had some seats up in the balcony where we saw everything. The show lasted about an hour and songs from, silent night, to jingle bells was played by the orchestra and during the show a Santa came out and brought out candy canes for the very few children who came to the show. 

Overall I enjoyed this experience and would return.
The Philadelphia Orchestra's performance of Prokofiev's Symphony No. 5 was a particularly vivid demonstration of the strength of the orchestra. Carol Jantsch has mastered the tuba part, not easily done before turning 30. Her masking of breaths and seemless transitions between tessitura match or exceed performances by greats of the previous generation. David Bilger's steely calm at principal trumpet perfectly capped the drama.
One of the best orchestras in the nation. I come here regularly, especially when they have student deals. Most recently, a group of friends and I got $10 tickets to see Cirque de Symphonie-- a fantastic experience of merging two incredible art forms together! The orchestra performed many classic works ranging from Swan Lake to the Theme from Superman, snd kept up a lighthearted atmosphere the whole time. 

We also arrived 15 minutes late, and the ushers were extremely accomodating with finding our seats with minimal disturbances, and really seemed to enjoy their jobs.

Always a pleasure to come here and remind myself of the beauty of the arts and classical music!! Once in a while I splurge on a sold out concert, like Rachmaninoff's Second Concerto by Lang Lang, but overall the program is extremely accomodating of sharing music with those on a budget.
I can't believe it took me 5 years to get to the Philadelphia Symphony!  Vivaldi's Four Seasons was the perfect introduction to this venue and this orchestra.  It was performed flawlessly, and the pieces that followed were equally as impressive.  

The Kimmel Center is an interesting venue, a different shape than other concert halls I have been to, with seats all around the stage including behind it.  The box seats were a fantastic vantage point and the acoustics at that level were also amazing.  

I know the orchestra has had some issues in the past couple years, but I was pleased to see almost a full house.  I would absolutely consider buying season tickets or a concert package...
I'm always amazed with people who have lived here their entire lives, yet never gone to the philadelphia orchestra.  Ah, what you are missing.

If you haven't given the orchestra a spin I highly recommend it.  They have some truly affordable tickets, which you guys should take advantage of.
Pretty amazing. Incredible history of incredible musicians (and conductors) that have come through this town. Did you know that Eric Leinsdorff once spit on a musician and all the members of the orchestra refused to play under Leinsdorff until he apologized for his unprofessional behavior?
If you live in Philadelphia, you definitely need to see the orchestra at least once. I am surprised with how many of my friends walk by The Kimmel Center everyday and never think twice about seeing a performance.

If you are visiting the city, it is also great for tourists. Ample garage parking nearby, (oftentimes free) street parking if you are patient, and plenty of great restaurants that offer pre-show courses. It is easy as a one-stop visit to the city; simply drive in and drive out or take Septa. 

The repertoire is constantly changing, so keep an eye out for something you may like or have heard on Pandora. The variety is great, and they bring forward several soloists. If you are a student, it is so cheap and easy to get a seat a few rows from the front.

I met Yannick the music director by chance, and he is a really friendly and polite guy. He has really turned the orchestra around, and I am excited to see where it will be in five years.
we are season subscribers; usually 4-6 concerts a season.  the philadelphia orchestra is among the top ten, and arguably the top five in the world.  

it is by far the best entertainment value in philadelphia.  we've been going to the orchestra since the 1980s when Muti conducted, but while ticket prices have remained relatively stable for the orchestra, rock concert prices have skyrocketed.  

thus, last night, our average price of seats (and they were great seats) for a prime philly orchestra performance featuring a world class pianist doing the solo to Beethoven's Emperor Piano Comcerto, a very famous piece, plus two more great pieces after intermission, was less than fifty bucks a seat.  

down broad street, really good springsteen seats were going for $750 and up a seat on StubHub--$1500 for two seats.  

Now i love the Boss--but in 1977 i paid like three bucks to get a 3rd row seat to hear him play five hours.  I doubt he's gotten better since then; and as my lovely wife says, we can listen to him on cd or youtube.  

Verizon Hall is magnificent.  we have a few minor quibble with the acoustics--if you have perfect pitch you will notice them--but the facility is terrific.  it is spacious, modern, well lit, there is a great refreshment bar, a 2d performance hall for chamber music, they present pop & jazz music here, and there is easy parking within walking distance or you can easily walk if you live in town or take transit.  

there are so many excellent restaurants nearby that dinner before or dessert and coffee after makes so much sense.  

and with the money you save not buying rock tickets, that will be quite a nice dinner!
I credit our new Creative Director Yannick with the turn around of the orchestra.  As subscribers, we've noticed outstanding programming this year with many different and entertaining selections.  Last week Carmina Burana was the best I've heard.  I encourage any musical person to try an orchestra concert...you will not be disappointed.
My husband and I attended the Orchestra's Glorious Sound of Christmas.  Never having been to the orchestra before, the music was so beautiful, it brought tears to our eyes.  The conductor was hilarious.  It was a night filled with beautiful music and laughter, which really put us in the Christmas spirit!  We will definitely go back for a regular orchestra performance!
Went for a Christmas show- it was an awesome show, seats were great. Very spacious and it's not like you're sitting on top of the other person next to you. Very friendly staff and helpful as you navigate to where you need to sit. The tickets I got were donated from Vettix and it was great I got to see such an amazing show for basically free.
Gianandrea Noseda - Conductor
Leonidas Kavakos - Violin
Liszt - Mazeppa
Sibelius - Violin Concerto
Tchaikovsky - Symphony No. 1 ("Winter Daydreams")

We walked from our hotel about a 1/2 mile away and this neighborhood is a lovely, entertaining walk. It is like the best parts of NYC & DC combined. 

We sat in the club seats, so we made our way up the stairs towards the front of the hall away from the entrance. (*Quick tip order your intermission drinks/food BEFORE the show with the bartenders!*) Our Box seats were much less boxy than I envisioned, it is not like the Opera box seats with only 4 seats and a bit of seclusion from everyone around you. You're seats are padded chairs separated only by wooden railings. 

The sound quality was great! I loved my experience! I highly recommend.
Best Orchestra in the world! I have listened to them all, Berlin, Vienna, London, Royal, Chicago and the usual suspects - all more than once. No wonder why Carnegie Hall simply adores them. The venue however, Kimmel Center Verizon Hall is a mess. Uncomfortable seats, diffused tones, and outright muffled sounds. You can, literally, sit in a slightly different area in the same section and lose an instrument. And it is also hotter than Hell - I am guessing because of the old ladies? But there is a complimentary coat check- complete with bad art! 

Yannick
David Kim
and Yumi

Are all musical geniuses! An assemblage of talent like this is once-in-a-lifetime!
I came here last night with my friend who was able to get me a free ticket since she has a handicap and I was her helper.  We sat in the Perelman Theater and listened to a glorious performance-Telemann 360, Tempesta di Mare.  The music was beautiful, riveting and captivating, kept my friend and I seat dancing along to the beat of the peppy, rhythmic music.  At times, the music was so calming, relaxing and peaceful that I almost drifted off to sleep, so relaxing and calming.

The instruments played were: flute and recorder, oboe, bassoon, violin, viola, cello, bass, percussion, theorbo, harpsichord and horn.  This performance was the last concert of this series!  While my friend and I absolutely loved this concert, we both were a bit confused as to where we were in the program because of the various pauses after various performances, that was puzzling.  The program consisted of a quartet, another quartet, trio, concerto, intermission then quartet and German closing, finale.  

Lovely concert!  Lots of fun!  I gave 2 standing O's!  Would definitely return!!
Shame on you! If you go on strike you should give a timely warning instead of showing a blatant disrespect to your listeners many of whom traveled a long distance to attend your concert! You spat in the face of people who have nothing to do with your negotiations.
I, for one, will never again attend your performances.
After walking this Earth for almost 50 years I finally got the chance to hear a live classical orchestra!!!

Son has to take a music class and part of his assignment was to attend a classical concert. Our little family decided to make it an event and last Saturday we saw Yannick conduct The Philadelphia Orchestra performing Berlioz Symphonie fantastique - absolutely amazing!!!!! 

Impressive! Fabulous! The performance was an hour and fifty minutes and it went by way too fast! The macho guys in our group were afraid they'd fall asleep but they were mesmerized and thoroughly enjoyed the entire evening!

One thing we all agreed on that made it even more memorable was when Yannick halted the performance during the second half because there were some members of the audience that couldn't control their coughing and sniffling. He politely turned and addressed the audience and ask if they could try and refrain. "My dear friends...." our group right then had a newfound respect for the art of music. At the end of the performance Yannick again addressed the audience and apologized if he had come off as being rude...in unison the audience answer "oh no!" Truly special feeling for these wonderful masters of music!
