Great experience here. Went here on a Friday night for a birthday party turn up. It was $20 to get in and it was $50 to rent a room upstairs. We used the "blacklight" room. There were 2 couches two tables and a TV. My friends/family enjoyed the room. It was a 10 person VIP limit. Great hookah great friendly staff. Great music.. Some songs were like edited (no profanity) though lol not sure why but we enjoyed ourselves. There's a pizza place right next door which they had menus for... you can bring the food in.. Hubble Bubble had free WiFi . BYOB !! . clean bathrooms ..this place was perfect. 
*I gave 4 stars because they hold your ID all night if you rent a room. I was lit by the end of the night and forgot about it. Now I have to go back to Philly just to grab it. Wish they had a better policy :( *
They charge a flat rate for unlimited flavor changes. There is a ton of Social Smoke, Fantasia, and Starbuzz flavors. They use social Smoke hookahs there is byob, and the staff is pretty awesome. They also have theme rooms for $25 and they have tv's in them. Temple Students get a discount on Tuesdays $12 instead of $15.
Not a bad hookah lounge. Uses coconut Coals which is a plus and the fact they have social smoke is a huge plus in my book. The biggest thing that drew me into this place was the price. 15 Dollars a person and that covers your entire night of hookah. The hookahs they use itself arent bad especially if youre just an occasional smoker. For those who have their own they do allow you to bring your own hookah. I saw some guy bring in his PLX and oh boy was it ripping clouds compared to the setups they have there. The staff is attentive and check up on you every 30 or so minutes. I did however have some ghosting going on with my hose and the flavors came out a little weird but hey its kind of the nature of the beast when you go to lounges and you dont bring your own gear.
Ok so this is my first review on yelp and the only reason I'm writing this is because this is how a business is ran so we went there around 9pm everyone was very nice we rented one of the rooms which cost about $50 it has a tv and just more of a private setting, hookah is great and worth the price.  So we went outside to get some soda from next door which is a nice pizza place now we did go in an out and your allowed to but just as long as you get a stamp from the security.  When we came back this time around one of the owners came up to us his name was Carlos and said I'm so sorry we thought you guys left so one of his staff members put another party in our room.  Well here's the problem we had food and it's byob so we had drinks that they threw away.  I was pissed at that point, like who does that ??? now here's where every thing takes a turn for the better.  Not only did Carlos genuinely apologize over and over but he offered to return the money we paid for the room plus our stuff there and give us a free room the next time we came back.  In my book that's excellent customer service and you could tell he has his heart in making the people that come there enjoy themselves.  We headed back inside and the security,  also very nice guys, came and gave us the money and attended to us right away.  This place is a place that's open for a reason these guys are very helpful and really i wish them the best they actually wanna see you come back but not just to spend your money but to have a good time and just for that I will be a customer for life and also honestly their hookah is realllllly good.  This situation could have gone to no stars and a bad review but like I said great atmosphere, great service great music great hookah and great people you can't ask for more!!!!  Thank you Carlos for being a genuine business man, you don't find people nowadays who genuinely love what they do and wanna make sure that customers are satisfied.  Highly recommended!!!
Came here a couple weeks ago with my boyfriend (he loves hookah) & I must say I'm very impressed. You pay $15 a person for the whole night. No extra charge for hookahs, new coal, new flavor. BYOB which sealed the deal for me. I literally have no complaints. Oh yeah....you'll have a jukebox war.
I went to a birthday party there it was really laid back and chill perfect spot for something grown and sexy
Really like this place! My boyfriend and I came here on a snowy Friday night. Was so glad they were open. The hookah is really good. They have a wide variety of flavors. Believe the cover charge was $15 for unlimited hookah. Best part about this place is its BYOB. I hate Gettin drunk at the bar, runs up a crazy unnecessary tab. Cool spot to do hookah and pre game. Music is cool as well as the vibes. A bunch on temple students come here to hang out. Can't wait to go back.
Friendly,clean,comfortable hookah smoke bar. Comfortable seating 5 star service. Would highly recommend...
the area around is not that good but the place itself is great , the entree fee is $15 per person which is include the hookah
I went here on my birthday. Great atmosphere . The hookah and Flavors were wonderful. Friendly staff and clientele. They refilled without a long wait. I will return again.
This is the best hookah spot in the city! I came cross this place driving aimlessly one night and fell in love. The staff is very welcoming and the price is hard to beat! 20.00 unlimited smoke, and they have the best flavor selection as well, if you want a spot that carries Fumari...this is it! You are allowed to bring your own hookah in as well. Carlos(the owner) is great. When you walk in they make you feel like family! The people are nice, easy to make friends if you want to switch your circle up, I love the music as well, the atmosphere is calming but welcoming. It is BYOB with no charge as well! I would again highly suggest you check this place out.
This was my first visit here and from the moment we walked in, the customer service was great. I smoke hookah often and consider myself an expert in my own right. They used natural coals, washable hoses and the hookah smoke was clean. They also give you bubbles so you can blow smoke bubbles. The atmosphere was inviting and comfortable and the music kept you excited all night. They are BYOB, which is a plus also. They charge $20 a person and unlimited hookah all night til 2 AM, one hookah for every two people. The only issue I ran into was that I had to wait for a repack for about 40 mins after asking two people. When I asked the waitress again, she said she didn't hear me. Other than that, I would definitely recommend this place to try good hookah and great service in Philadelphia.
4 stars because the staff is very nice. The hookah overall is decent, but the bubble theme makes a mess with all the soapy water on the tables and floors. However, cool concept and recommend checking it out.
I've been in only once and I was disappointed. We were a group of 4 and we went in on a Fri night it was dead. The place was empty we ended up walking out of the place. Also, I love that they have private rooms for hookah! I def have to update this review once I give this place another shot! ‍
