Cash cow!!  The museum transformed into something that was never meant to happen.  Dr. Barnes is rolling over in his grave.  From a cozy, warm, but breathtaking experience in Lower Merion, to just another money-grubbing, predatory institution.  I was FOR the move into Philadelphia as I am a person who loves to share with others and the new location would make this gem more accessible, even though I never had any problems myself visiting the suburban locale.

The museum was soliciting Founding members last fall.  The museum in Lower Merion was already closed.  So I jumped on the opportunity to join what I already knew as a special find.  Little did I know there was NO cap put on the memberships, they took everyone's money, and promised unlimited, and at certain membership levels, unrestricted entry.  When all was said and done, I have heard from others they now have in excess of 25,000 members, where before the number may have hovered around 2,000.

I was so excited to join I sent my money in 7 months in advance of the opening of  the Barnes in Philadelphia.  The Barnes opened, and as you read May and June's Yelp reviews, to one of the biggest clusterfucks in Philadelphia Museum history.

And to add insult to injury, in September I receive notice that my annual membership is expiring in one month.  Oh REALLY???  True, I had sent my check for an upscale membership in November last year, but afterward  (1) I had to email to make sure they got my membership fee, they said they did (2) I had to write no less than 3 times to ask where my membership info and membership card was (3) I received the membership info as to what were my member benefits, etc in February, 4 months later  (4) In April I received my membership card for the first time after another 2 emails asking the status (5) the Museum opened in May.  

OK, so out of all of this when I recently called to inform them of the timeline, they extended my membership to December 31st, a two month carrot to try to keep me happy.  Guess what, it didn't fucking work.  My "Supporter" membership for one year, ended up for 8 months, no apology, just a two month kick in the face.

Kiss my ass, membership department of the Barnes.  Lesson learned.  Sometimes you just have to have wonderful memories of a better place and time, and I do, The Barnes Foundation in Lower Merion.
I recently scheduled a day trip to Philly largely around my visit to the Barnes Foundation. And I'm finding it hard to give it a star rating, because I feel like the art should have 10+ stars, and the staff should get a negative rating, no stars, even negative stars.

I had tickets for the late afternoon of my trip, I was running late, and it had begun to rain, so when I got into the museum space itself I was feeling a bit scattered. Security ruffled through my things without really asking and then brusquely directed me to coat check; it was a day trip, so I wasn't carrying much, but I decided that I could live with that, since the coat check was near the bathrooms and I figured I could take a moment to get settled after coming in out of the weather. 

Boy, was that a mistake. After checking my bag and taking a moment to reorder myself in the ladies', I came up with my ticket. I printed it from home and it printed ever so slightly imperfectly, and it was the biggest deal, y'all. I couldn't believe what a fuss they made, when the ticket very clearly stated the correct date and time. But finally I get that sorted out, and I'm going to enter the rooms that actually have the paintings in them--and I'm almost immediately overrun by zealous security staff. Their attitude shocked me. They weren't just overbearing in an effort to protect the art, they were loud and obnoxious and got in patrons' way when people were just trying to carefully walk from one room to another. One of them pushed me over the carefully marked lines in the rooms that you're not supposed to cross, and then dared to blame me for it!

Furthermore, they were incredibly dismissive and rude to elderly and disabled visitors in my presence. I saw a man in a wheelchair, an elderly man with one of those canes that folds into a little seat, and several other people with special needs followed and harassed by security--simply, it seemed, for daring to be less than perfectly able and still wanting to experience art. It made me very uncomfortable to witness this. I didn't see anyone I could talk to about this when it happened, since the staff was so harried and generally short with me, so I left the museum more upset than when I came in. As I sat outside at the grounds, collecting my things and preparing to move on, security came out again to give me a look and ask me why I was there. I had only been sitting for a moment, but I was very clearly being shoo'ed away, when I had paid for my ticket just like everyone else.

As I was wandering the rooms, a tour came through. The visitors were corporate types, and they were ushered through by some very pleasant and VERY LOUD guides, who seemed to cater to the wishes (and stupid questions) of these people. You could just see the words "Potential Donors" stamped on the heads of the people in suits. It made it all the more clear to me that this space is not for the regular person who is interested in art.

The space is gorgeous, and the art itself is amazing--but if you were even thinking about visiting, you already know that. What you should be prepared for is a relatively inhumane experience in a transcendental setting. The only staff member who was the slightest bit gracious was the person in the gift shop, who got a little bit more of my money. Otherwise, every single person I encountered at the Barnes Foundation obviously thought I wasn't good enough to be there. I can only imagine how I would have been treated if I had any special needs.
GET TO THIS EXHIBIT BEFORE IT CLOSES ON JULY 3RD!!! 

After seeing the documentary "Art Of The Steal" a few years ago, we had earmarked a trip to PA to see this amazing collection but much to our chagrin, we waited too long & now only 1 floor was open for public viewing.....but IT IS SO WORTH IT!!!! 

Renoir, Cezanne, Van Gogh, Monet, Matisse, Pissarro....too many treats for the eye to behold! It was an absolute privilege to be able to see these masterpieces in their "native" home - as originally purchased and displayed by Dr Barnes. Not only did he recognize greatness and have the foresight to collect these works ( or commission pieces himself - like the Matisse mural ) but he was fortunate enough to personally interact with the Masters.....I can only imagine what stories he must have heard as they were creating these Impressionists Masterpieces 

Each wall of his gallery had a theme of colors & shapes & sight-lines that I would have totally missed if it were not for the Docent tour we took, or the audio tour we listened to afterwards... paintings, metal wall fixtures, furniture & vases were specifically placed to create a mood or atmosphere & upon first blush, one might see clutter - but after listening to the interpretation of why he placed what he placed, it all made sense & his true brilliance really came to light. 

Dr Barnes was very involved in the layout of each wall & designed each room - very impressive!! 

I've seen art in a whole new way - THANKS Dr Barnes! 

We spent 4 hours in complete awe
Loved this art museum.  Don't skip this.  It's intimate yet grand.   I adored the art and masterpieces.   Come and have some coffee and enjoy your time in this space.  What a great city full of history and beauty.
Amazing place!  We came here on a Saturday and had such a great time.

We were fortunate enough to find parking on the street. Walking to the museum was easy enough. The place is huge and extremely well thought out architecture.

Renoir is one of my favorite artist so I was in heaven.  There are several pieces from Picasso and Monet as well.  There is free coat check on lower level.  We liked the outdoor cafe.

Overall it was so modern, chic and aesthetically pleasing.  Had a fantastic time!
I read through the reviews here and agree with a lot of what was said. Because the collection is so large and we live in Philly, we got a membership.  This theoretically makes sense because the space is cramped, art is arranged in a way that makes it hard to appreciate everything individually and easy to overlook, and it's really crowded.

About memberships - if you go more than a couple of times, it maybe makes sense.  But it's hard to figure out the membership system.  And they really have no idea what they're doing. Really.  The membership levels are confusing, and the membership services are really bad.  The website is impossible to navigate - the membership rep (when I finally got a human on the phone) acknowledged this. If you want to change your membership status?  Too confusing. Good luck. Leave a message, they may call you back.

Anyway, the feeling I get is that the art is kind of being held hostage by a bunch of self-important d-bags who don't really know what they're doing, but they're pretty happy with themselves.  The building - beautiful.  The art, worth seeing once.  But then, it's just too cramped, too cluttered, and you have to negotiate around all the wannabe a-listers.

My recommendation - see it once. Go early in the morning. Don't get a membership.  This is not art for the people. Drive the 2 hours to DC and see museums full of breathtaking art for free. And leave the kids at home. Not a baby friendly place. Last point - the podcasts are a collection of irrelevant factoids told in fake British accents. Like great iphone-based art tours? Try the ICA in Boston.
This review is not going to be for the actual art collection. It's wonderful 5/5 stars. This review is for my experience as a first time visitor to The Barnes Foundation today:

Today, I experienced the strangest atmosphere at a museum ever in my life during my first visit to the Barnes. My husband and I purchased our timed tickets online ($25 each) and were immediately greeted my staff person at the door, who directed me to another staff person 20ft to have my purse looked at before entering (no big deal). 

We get to the purse reviewer and he glances in my bag and asks if I have any liquids. I say no just my wallet and umbrella. He then proceeds to tell me that umbrellas are not allowed in the galleries. I say, 'o ok it's staying in my purse.' He says no, it can't stay there and that I need to check it downstairs in the coat check. I find this odd, but head downstairs. The coat check person is baffled when I tell him what the staff said upstairs but checks my tiny umbrella with a return tag (this is free of charge). Whatever, we move back upstairs.

At the entrance of the opening gallery we are greeted by 3 more staff people who review with us the gallery rules (no photographs and we have to stay behind the lines on the floor of each of the display rooms). Ok no big deal and we head upstairs. 

The galleries are comprised of tiny rooms (with the exception of two or three larger spaces) and there are security guards almost every where. I immediately get yelled at in the first gallery because I'm wearing pointy toed shoes and the tip (Yes, really!) of my shoe is on the line barrier on the floor. I hear multiple others get snapped at during the span of 5 minutes. 

We move on enjoying ourselves and eventually make our way downstairs. My purse has tiny convertible backpack straps and when I head downstairs I put it on my back. Security guard downstairs tells me this is definitely not ok, that I either have to have "both straps on one arm" or "hold it in front". Ok people, this is where I start getting irritated. This bag is not large (I'll post a picture) and when it's on my back it's actually less of a risk to the art as it lays flat against me then if I put both straps on one side and swing it out from my side. I complied with the rules and moved on. My husband is like wtf at this point and thinks I should ask the next room's staff about the bag rule. I do, and I'm told by a smirking gal that she also thinks this is ridiculous and they 'weren't given a reason for this rule'. 

Bottom line: I've been in a ton of art museums here and abroad and this is the craziest security I've ever seen. Staff members seem to be on individual power trips and it interrupts the fluidity of the viewing process and quite honestly ruins the experience of a great collection of works.
I was a huge fan of the old Barnes Foundation museum in Merion.  Part of me cried a bit when I learned that Barnes' classic mansion was being shuttered, and that his world-class collection of Impressionist and early contemporary paintings, as well as ancient Egyptian and Chinese artifacts, were being moved to a sterile ultramodern building in Center City.

That said... the new Barnes is pretty cool.  

First, the layout.  It's pretty hard to navigate, with little signage to speak of.  There's a ticketing booth outside, but going there is only necessary during peak times.  Coat check and gift shop are downstairs, but don't expect to find them unless a helpful security guard points the way.

The exhibits themselves are spread over two floors, and they're as stunning as ever.  Renoir, Prendergast, Soutine, Rousseau, Cassatt, Cezanne, Monet, Matisse, Picasso, Modigliani, Glackens, Demuth -- they (and others!) are all there and beautifully represented.  The little complementary info booklet will give you all the backstory about how Dr. Albert Barnes decided his spend his immense fortunes on amassing an absolutely insane art collection.  He might be rolling in his grave if he saw how it's being displayed today, though. 

Since the paintings are grouped by subjective aesthetics and not by style or era or artist, don't expect any feelings of progression or transition as you walk from room to room.  This may be a good thing for some, but not for others.

One other thing -- the Barnes Foundation needs to fix its lighting situation, stat.  On a midday afternoon, light was steaming in all of the windows, throwing shadows and glare on all of the paintings.  This can't possibly be good for the paintings themselves (right?), and it also detracts for the experience.  Just keep the blinds pulled down, please!
Before it moves next year make every effort to visit this fabulous collection of over 2500 art objects which includes 800 paintings estimated to be worth well over $25 billion.  Among the paintings are 181 works by Renoir, 69 by Cézanne, and 59 by Matisse,   Try to get tickets for a Saturday with an arrival at 1pm to line up for the docent tour at 1:30pm.  I can not recommend a museum more highly.  Get there before the collection is moved next year to Benjamin Franklin Parkway.
Purely from the standpoint of quality of art amassed under one roof, the Barnes Foundation is truly one of the greatest collections in the world, with the last valuation in 2009 of over $25 BILLION.  There's enough Impressionist masterpieces here to lure infamous con-man Neal Caffrey out of hiding to attempt one final score (if only there was a season 7 to White Collar).

The story of the origin of the Barnes Foundation is an interesting one.  Dr. Albert C. Barnes was a Philly native who trained to become a medical doctor but ultimately became a chemist who created an antiseptic to prevent eye infections and blindness in newborns. Having prospered off of this discovery he began to purchase paintings from contacts in Paris amassing thousands of priceless art to be displayed in a residence that would serve as an educational institution for the arts and not as a general museum for the public.  In his will, he specifically specified strict rules to keep everything as is in the original location just outside of Philadelphia, but following his death, several businessman and politicians managed to move the collection into a more spacious and modern conventional museum downtown.   Many of the pieces and wall displays are the same as they were in the original structure, organized by aesthetic similarities in light, color, line, and space rather than historical context, subject matter, genre, or artist, providing a unique viewing experience.  

It's a beautiful space that reminds me of the Tate Modern in London, but I often wish I had the chance to visit the original location and get a glimpse of the space that fostered several African American musicians and artists and the life of an eclectic art collector/patron who defied convention and shunned the upper class, having grown up in a working class family.  It's no surprise that one would make enemies in the art world, business world, and political world with a collection for the ages, so I'm sure Dr. Barnes is rolling in his grave at the grandiosity and commercialism defying his original vision.   

Pro-tip: free admission on first Sundays of every month
Barnes Foundation is NOT a museum, it is an INSTITUTION!

When Dr. Barnes (the founder) founded Barnes Foundation, he meant to make it into an INSTITUTION, a SCHOOL, it was never meant to be a museum! This is also why the paintings have no label and Dr. Barnes himself organized them in a way that he felt these pieces are interacting with each other, he wanted us to use these paintings as references and see them from our own perspectives, learn and interpret them in a different way. Unfortunately, the current Barnes Foundation has loss this idea of Dr. Barnes.

First, they set the ticket price HIGH! Now its $22 for adults, although students have discount, ($10), but it is still consider pricey. Other art museums (such as PAFA), are giving free admission to students. Furthermore, I do not understand the premier ticket idea and the membership idea, does that means those who can afford to pay more have priority to get in first, art lovers and students have to line up and wait?!!!

Second, is the atmosphere. I understand the paintings here are incredibly beautiful, many people want to see it, but that doesn't mean you need to squeeze multiple tour groupS into it. I have been trying to avoid tour group (chat very loud) and tour guides (speak very loud) so that I can some time alone and enjoy the art, but no matter which room I go, I will bump into one of these tour groups! sigh

Third, is the attitude of the staff. I was in line with my friends, I did not know they have limit on number of visitors for the gallery. I handed my ticket to the lady, she asked us to wait WITHOUT looking at us! I mean when you speak to someone, you look at them! I have been to quite a number of art galleries, they have much higher volume of visitors, but the staff are polite and friendly! Barnes Foundation's staff gave me a feeling of "coldness".

This is a shame, the paintings are amazing and attractive, but the organization and staff are not creating a warm and welcoming atmosphere!
Brian H. said it well.  Cash cow indeed.  

I've visited the Barnes in Lower Merion and, like many, been enchanted by Dr. Barnes' vision.  Having heard good things about the new locale, I booked tickets for my daughter and I to attend for our annual Christmas holiday treat.  Alas, we both came down with the flu so I called to see if I could transfer my tickets to another day.  Actually I called and emailed several times before reaching anyone and then was coolly informed that, no, I had to eat my loss.  Some of the absolute worst customer service that I have ever received, bar none.

And, as a professional fundraiser I was astounded by the atmosphere of disorganization and the most decidedly non-donor/customer-centered treatment.  

As another reviewer noted, I wish that I could leave two reviews. The collection of post-impressionist art is not to be missed. The way Dr. Barnes grouped them makes all the sense in the world. The new facility is stunning. And Philadelphia is always a wonderful visit.
I would leave 5 stars for the collection, but the handling of guests and especially premium ticket guests leaves me confused. 

My friend and I paid $45 to get "premium tickets" which are to include an early entrance and the audio guided tour. 

To start...we waited in line at the entrance to the Barnes for at least 10 minutes while the front desk attendant helped a group of 4. We were THEN told..."oh, you could just pass this line because you have early entry." Well, not anymore we don't. 
That should have been explained. 
Secondly, security...while understandably tight in this multi-million dollar building and collection...are insensitive. I was more than once almost man-handled when I tried to pass a security station after going to the restroom. I don't appreciate being barked at when I am clearly holding a ticket in my hand and waving it around. 

The attendant at the audio tour seemed to absolutely hate his existence. He literally asked us twice to "please move this way" in order to do a transaction with him. By "move this way", he meant..."take two steps over to your right or left while I turn my back to you and make you jump through ridiculous hoops to get a device."

Once inside, my friend and I looked around for about an hour and a half and decided to get a snack and take a break. 
Upon re-entering, we were told that the exhibit was "at capacity" and that we needed to wait in a 20 person line to get back in. 
We told the security that we had purchased premium tickets and they just sighed as if they were annoyed and told us that our premium status did not matter. 
Nice. 

After finishing floor two, we tried to walk down the stairs to leave and were rudely and abruptly corralled into a corner and told to take the elevator down. We could not understand why...exactly. There were three huge carts of audio ipods waiting to go down as well and we were all crammed together for who knows what reason - waiting and waiting for the elevator when the stairs were 5 steps away. 

I understand that this collection is exclusive, but all the more reason to treat your customers with respect and not like school children. 
The art is worthwhile - the visit may leave you confused.
On opening weekend, a certain amount of confusion and back-up should be expected. My boyfriend and I heard the news that entry was delayed by a couple hours. We were bummed, but accepting of the fact that we would be able to receive free tickets to attend at a later date. Since we were in the area anyway, we decided to walk over just to see if anything had changed from the earlier reports. Luckily, we picked the right time because we were able to get in only a half hour after our original appointment time. While we waited, a glass of wine and some live jazz helped pass the time. 

Once inside the collection, it was clear that we wouldn't be able to take everything in during the designated hour. But what we did see was absolutely incredible. And I'm pretty sure my buzz from the wine (and okay, the beers we had at a bar nearby before that) added to our enjoyment. We'll definitely return once the initial excitement wears off so that we can enjoy the works with less of a crowd. But in the meantime, a walk around the gorgeous grounds (that are actually still in-process) isn't out of the question.
I visited the Barnes Foundation with a friend during a short trip to Philadelphia last weekend, and I really enjoyed our visit. The museum houses works collected by Albert C. Barnes between 1912 and 1951. The collection includes works by Renoir, Cezanne, Matisse, Picasso, Van Gogh, and Modigliani, as well as African art, Native American ceramics, Greek antiquities, and Pennsylvania German furniture. When we visited, they also had a great temporary exhibit: "Suzanne Valadorn: Model, Painter, Rebel" (it's there through January 9, 2022, and included in the cost of admission). The museum is laid out in an interesting way (I believe in the manner and layout conceived of by Barnes), which makes the museum a unique experience. The building itself is also really impressive - mid century inspiration everywhere. The museum isn't huge, but it has a lot to see. It's definitely at the top of the end of the pricey scale when it comes to museums ($25 - same prices as the Met), so plan to spend extra time here if you want to take everything in on a first visit. We only made it to one museum on our short trip, and I'm glad it was the Barnes!
It should be a school! I am a public school art teacher and can only dream of what this place had the potential of becoming. What Philadelphia could have done for art education they have instead done for themselves at the expense of it.

People think being able to see this art is wonderful and that's as far as their thinking goes. But I am sure that my fellow art educators see what has become of this place and their hearts just sink. What a disgrace to the history of art education!

Boycott this place in Dr. Barnes' honor!
Pulled directly from the Barnes Foundation website: The mission of the Barnes Foundation, which dates back to its founding in 1922, is "the promotion of the advancement of education and the appreciation of the fine arts." My review operates from the knowledge that this is their stated purpose for existence.

I have never, in all my museum loving days, had such a hostile, off-putting, rude museum experience as I did on my very first (and last) visit to the Barnes on the Parkway. I was treated with condescension, suspicion and hostility by nearly every representative of the museum and frankly, by the design.

The architecture of the building is spectacular. The exterior and grounds are worth walking through just for that. However, the gaping dearth of signage is simply unacceptable for a public facing institution. There are a handful of signs directly you to a small outbuilding to buy tickets. Fine, cool, good. When I got there, a handful of security guards looked at me like I had four heads and an IQ of 50 and told me that no, the signs were incorrect and I had to buy a ticket inside. Fine, I can do that.

When I arrived inside, I took a wild guess as to where in the lobby one buys a ticket. I'm a grad student at a Philadelphia school and when I presented by student ID for the student discount, I was quizzed on my school, as if I had created a fake ID to get discounts. After buying my ticket, I wandered away, again, no signs, and was aggressively stopped by a woman who demanded that I check my bag. The guidelines for bags, which I checked from home, are 8"x10"x6". My bag falls within that, but whatever. Okay. Did she direct me to where bag check is? Nope. Simply stared imperiously and huffed when I bothered her with my silly bourgeois questions. I made my way to bag check downstairs and checked my bag successfully. The bag check girl was lovely and friendly (hurray!)

Now back upstairs, from the beautiful atrium, there is no direction of any kind as to where the collection begins. I wandered to what I now know to be a special exhibit where I was asked for my ticket. Don't you think that anywhere in the previous process they would have told me that I would need to present my ticket later? Having just come from the Philadelphia Museum of Art where my ticket was done after it was paid for, I left it in my bag at bag check. Silly me. So I was held, at the special exhibit, by staff until a 2nd ticket could be printed for me. This was the solution suggested by the staff member, which yes, is probably more convenient for me than going back down to bag check, but seriously?

After this is resolved, I look through the special collection. I was easily the youngest visitor in the room by at least 30 years and found that there were at least 2 security guards within 10 feet of me at all times. Did they think I was going to rip a piece of ornamental metal off the wall and make a break for it? I don't know. I finished quickly in there and went back to the atrium. At this point, I did ask the staff member at the door where the main collection is and why there is absolutely nothing directing visitors as to where to go. "The architects didn't plan for that" Well, gosh, then I guess that's it then. Pack it in. Never mind maps or floor stanchions or floor markers. We mustn't interfere with the integrity of the atrium architecture.

After presenting my new ticket at the main collection, I entered the collection. Shock of all shocks, there are no signs or employees taking initiative to tell you that you will need to audio guide to do anything but gaze briefly (before you're bumped by another visitor) at the paintings. So I did not have an audio guide. My art history knowledge is pretty solid, so I wasn't utterly bereft of insight, but the experience likely would have been greatly enriched with it.  

As part of the flooring, there is a dark wood embed penning in visitors throughout both floors and all rooms (unidentified or explained). At one point, with no less than 10 feet between me and any art, I dared cross this hallowed line to look out a window and see if it had yet begun to rain. Man, the security guards are on. the. ball. At this point, I was entirely fed up and rolled quickly through the remaining galleries and got ready to leave. 

My key frustration with the entire experience is that the purpose, the very most central idea of Dr. Barnes purchasing and sharing this enormous collection of art, was to expose people to a wider range of art and teach them about art appreciation. This is noble and well executed. Moving the museum from Merion to the Parkway was controversial and was justified by the fact that the Parkway location will give far greater access to more people. I agree with that as well. So when your very existence, the expense of millions of dollars in construction and design are both predicated on education and access, how exactly do you justify the total impenetrability of your institution to newcomers?
The Barnes is both amazing and slightly frustrating, appropriate considering the arduous history of the foundation itself.  

On their own, the grounds and new building are excellent.  I like the modern, spacious, peaceful design that surrounds the galleries.  First entering the galleries area itself is a little shocking though.  The design of the new museum abuts directly against a replica of the collection's previous Merion home.  Modern tranquility instantly replaced by the zealously packed ensembles of furniture, paintings, and hinges that are at times four or five high on the wall.

Of course, all this chaos is in accordance with the Barnes canon, thou shalt not rearrange my shit.  I actually did a double take looking through pictures of the old museum.  The new rooms so closely resemble the original that the only give away is modern windows and a change to the wood pattern of the floor.  The flip side of this is that the problems of small, crowded rooms aren't going anywhere.  Timed tickets are definitely a necessity, and visiting on a winter weekday afternoon in an effort to hit low tide is worth the inconvenience because at the heart of all this is a great collection worth taking the time to enjoy. 

Post-Impressionism is great, and there's a wealth of it here.  It's one of the few museums where I really felt able to easily compare several important artists of this style in one sitting.  With an estimated worth of $25+ billion, it's a mind blowing collection for any city, let alone Philadelphia.  The audio guide is great and convenient.  It's substantial without droning on.  Just download the free Barnes app and they'll loan you headphones, or pay a $5 fee of shame for not having a smart phone.  The galleries are small, but there is a lot packed into each room.  For us this resulted in a nearly two hour endeavor.

Definitely a must visit.
Normal admission is $25. But the first Sunday of the month is free. You need to line up early to get a timed-ticket, you can't just show up on the free day at anytime and expect to get in. Glad we found out about that before we went! We got in line around 9:30am, were in line for less than 40 minutes to receive our tickets. We got the 1:30pm time slot. The first available time. So...get there early for free tix!
Also, being a member doesn't earn you guaranteed tickets on Free First Sundays. And it does not earn you line-cutting privileges. Maybe don't act like an entitled jerk on Free Sundays and you get caught in line. Most of this information is easily findable and prominently displayed on the website. If you are a member, you should already be aware of Free First Sunday and might like to avoid it. YOU NEED A TICKET ON THOSE DAYS TOO. Calm down, lady right behind us....and deal with it.

I didn't know much about the museum before going, and honestly....I don't know much about it AFTER visiting. 
There is a LOT of art. The walls of the rooms are packed almost floor to ceiling with paintings (and little historic doo-dads). And it feels like at least 50% of the paintings are Renoirs. That is not an actual number, but that is what it feels like. It doesn't seem like there is a lot of variety.
I was glad to spot a few Van Goghs, Cezannes and Degas'. And some Modigliani.But they are few and far between. 
The art is displayed in a frame with only the last name of the artist. There are booklets in each room which provides the title of each piece in the room. But that is *literally* all the information you will get. 

The main takeaways for me:
-I am glad I went on a Free First Sunday. If I had spent $25 to visit the museum I would have felt a little ripped off.
-My favorite part was the room with contemporary, temporary exhibits. I wish the whole museum was like that. Maybe this kind of 'foundation' just isn't for me...
-If you have an art-boner for Renoir, you will shoot your load here.
-If you want to get anything substantive out of your visit....get an audio guide or come when they are offering a guided tour.
They didn't let us in because I had a stroller!!!!!!!!!!!

Completely incompetent!!!! They also wouldn't give our money back!!! I was forced to wait an hour.  The security supervisor could not explain why other strollers and wheelchairs got in.   The lady at the frond desk laughed and they sent someone that wasn't a supervisor to talk to us..we were forced to be humiliated at the front!!!!!
What a silly comparison to the original, total tourist trap. Just what I would expect from Philly Thugs and their crooked Politicians. It is the DisneyLand of "art", congrats with your theft  Gov. Rendell
Before you go you should know that this collection of art was stolen from the will of Dr Barnes by so called charitable trusts and politicians.  See " The Art of the Steal". It's on Netflix.  After watching it I would never give a dime to see it as housed now.
Eccentric. Dr. Barnes's dog would send him telegrams about how much he missed him.  (The dog's telegram is on display, along with the dog's bed).

As for the art, it's pretty spectacular. The collection has some excellent works by Van Gogh, El Greco, Renoir, Cezanne, Picasso, Rousseau, Rubens... These works rarely travel, so if you want to see them, you have to come here. 

What's odd is the display. Dr. Barnes did not arrange the artwork by era or style. Instead, he carefully composed "ensembles" that illustrated certain formal themes or concepts. For example, he'd display a painting of bodacious nude breasts next to a still life of curvy round fruit next to a round teapot that looked vaguely breast-like. Or, he'd display an African sculpture wearing a pointy head-dress next to a European painting of Christ's crown of thorns next to some metallic tool emanating with pointy things. 

These "ensembles" can be fun to decode, but I imagine that many professional curators are horrified. After all, often the only way to guess an ensemble's theme is to stand back as far as possible, then squint. Then maybe you can see "Ahh, they all have the same shade of green!" or something random like that.

On the plus side, at least it's in a more convenient location than Merion.
Before, during and after your trip to the Barnes Foundation, take a deep breath and take a moment to reflect. The Barnes Foundation is the home to some of the most magnificent artwork in the world and one of the world's largest private collections.  To be in the same room as some of the pieces, and to be in the proximity of all of these pieces at once, is absolutely mind blowing. 

You can stare artwork by Picasso, Degas, Cézanne, Renoir, van Gogh in the face. There are no ropes, glass or other physical boundaries. All that is between you and the paintings is a dark line on the floor, indicating that you shouldn't get any closer. 

The magnitude of the collection is absolutely overwhelming. All of my trips have been brief and were limited to an hour a visit. In order to truly appreciate and observe the collection I feel like numerous hours, days, months or even years are needed. With that being said, even by just walking through the foundation and observing, it is still possible have a completely fulfilling experience. 

I would recommend preparing yourself with a bit of the history of Albert Barnes before your visit, as that will make the trip even more enjoyable. There is a purpose and reason for every single aspect of the foundation. The way the artwork was set up. The way the building was designed. Even the way the light shines in. Everything had a distinct purpose and rationale. Plus, Barnes was just a really interesting guy and his story was fairly enjoyable... up until his tragic end. 

If you ever get an opportunity to visit for a private viewing absolutely jump on it. This morning I attended a private viewing and due to the number of attendees, was able to get some one-on-one time in the collection gallery. The number of attendees in a private viewing will probably vary from event to event, but for many moments I was alone with the artwork. It was just me, regular Philly local Michelle P, and rooms filled with lifeblood of Matisse, Rousseau, Soutine and many more. Amazing. Simply amazing. 

The grounds are gorgeous and you can enjoy them without even entering the building. From inside the building, you can see out to the rest of Philly. 

We should be honored to have it Philadelphia and really take a moment to appreciate the greatness that is on our backyard.
Don't go see this amazing art collection.  Watch the "The Art of the Steal".  The Pew stole the Art from a private collection against Dr. Barnes Will and wishes. Shame on them all.  Don't support thieves, even worst political thieves with lawyers n newspapers.
The museum itself is interesting with a very diverse collection of post-Impressionist painting, sculptures, as well as furniture and Egyptian, African and Asian art. The rooms are small and if you take the audio tour, it will take you around 2.5 hours to walk through the museum. 

I took away one star because the guards and personnel were extremely rude to me and to the other patrons. The museum only allows you to take in very small purses. There's no notice if this before you go in. Only a guard telling you you'll have to check your purse on the first level. They'll give you a small plastic tote in case there's something you want to carry with you, like your wallet and phone. There are a limited number of free lockers available by the coat check. But with no directions on how to use the keypads for the lockers, I would have expected the coat check clerks to be more helpful. Instead, I was met with sarcastic and patronizing comments. It's 90 degrees outside. It's not like try we're busy dealing with coats. Sorry to interrupt your afternoon of sitting around. That with the intrusive and talkative guards in the rooms of the museum themselves put a damper on my Barnes experience.
I am very sorry to have missed the collection while it was in Merion, in true form. However, it is still highly impressive.

A small group of friends and I came here recently. The building itself is a work of art, even from afar. I'm glad they offer a student discount--the graduate student life is not a lucrative one! 

This is pretty sad, but the first thing I noticed is how intense the staff is about making sure patrons do not cross the tape. I guess too many artsy mouth-breathers would deteriorate the paintings over time. Did these people all graduate from the Whistleblower Academy or something??

Also, I am certainly not an expert, but the display of the paintings overwhelmed me. The rooms were too small and it felt like every inch of wall space was being utilized. Maybe this was a deliberate attempt to emphasize the sheer number of paintings in Barnes' possession? Either way, I felt emotionally drained when I walked outside again.

Let me be clear: the art itself is stunning. I wish I could have taken each painting in, one at a time, to better appreciate the collection. It is a magnificent place and well worth a visit.
After watching the documentary The Art of Steal, I was really anxious and excited to come visit the Barnes Museum. I had mixed feelings purchasing tickets and at the same time felt like it was honor to actually view the collection since this went against all of Dr. Barnes' will. But eager minds are often driven and so by boyfriend and I bought tickets a few weeks if not weeks prior to our actual visit. 

Post thoughts: Honestly, it was a little overwhelming and disappointing. The man collected an obscene amount Renoir, it's impeccable. The Postman painting by Van Gogh was more vibrant that one on display at the MoMA. You become more in love with Matisse than you ever were before. You really get a full study of figure drawing from all sketches done by Degas and Picasso. But despite the fact that tickets to this museum are timed, I felt like there were too many people in here to actually enjoy this place all in one viewing. You obviously need to visit the Barnes Museum multiple times like any other museums, but it's really just a bothersome with everyone just being there and the paintings and drawings so closely placed together. It's true that white space really does you good. 

TIPS: 
1. Buy your tickets in advanced.
2. Don't use their parking garage. There are plenty of side street parking around the museum. $5 for 3-4 hours? If only they had such prices in Manhattan!
3. IPHONE users! - You can download the audio tour as an app in the app store. Save yourself $5.
4. Head phones are there if you forget to bring your own. 

The gift store is small but their jewelry collection is top notch. They also have replica canvas paintings which is nice considering most museums just have postcards and posters.
I have to defend the Barnes. I don't know what's up with all the low reviews. First off, it's art. And art is amazing. I can guarantee you've probably never seen art presented in this way. It's kind of like stepping into the home of an old eccentric with stuff EVERYWHERE. You'll walk into a room and there will be just rows of artwork on each wall juxtaposed with other elements, such as cast iron and metal objects. There are also no placards depicting the artists' name and their work. However, the frames usually have the name of the artist on them, though this may be hard to see if it is a painting closer to the ceiling.

I don't know why people have such gripes with this. For the most part, it's going to be a Renoir, Manet, Monet, Cezannè, Modigliani, ect. I'm able to tell the differences between the artists, but then again my undergrad and my master's degree is in art and I've been an art teacher for several years now. You might get more appreciation out of the art by just admiring it and not obsessing with what the title of the piece is. Jackson Pollock for one started naming his paintings by number because it made him po'd that people would read too much into his work and not just let it absorb individual meaning based upon the viewer. 

You will get nifty Ipods that you can punch in a corresponding number to learn more about the collection in the room and certain works of arts. This I like much better than a docent, though I did see a docent lead tour group while I was there - not sure how often they do this. 

I like that the tickets are given out by times, so if you have one for 12pm, you can enter 12pm or later. They do this to ensure that the museum is not overly crowded and people aren't shoving other people. Also, no big bags are allowed - which I like. I hate when people have bags five times the size of them and they never realize that they are smacking you with it when they walk around or if you're in front of/behind them. Leave your junk at home, just enjoy the art! And of course you have to stand at a certain respectable distance from the art. There are lines in the wood indicating the proper distance, which is fine with me. No sneezing on the Cezannès, people! 

To those making comments on the gift shop, hello, have you never been to a museum gift shop before? They are always obscenely overpriced, which is why you go to look and not to buy. Unless you've got a surplus amount of cash. The museum entrance fee is free to students, not sure how much it regularly costs to get in, but I'm used to paying $20+ for the NY museums and I am okay with that because I strongly believe in supporting the arts. 

Last note, no photos are allowed except for outside of the museums where you can snap shots of the reflective pool, trees or whatever else strikes your fancy. Ignore the negative reviews and go to be in awe of an impressive collection of art ranging from the 1500's to the post-impressionism period (mostly the latter).
Having just watched "The Art of the Steal" last night, the documentary about the blatant theft of the Barnes collection by big-wigs in city government for profit and tourism, I'm inclined to give this beautiful museum a 5 star review, before I have to relegate it to the list of things that existed in my lifetime I have to tell my children about one day (like when Pluto was a planet, pay-phones existed, and when gum was a quarter).

The Barnes Foundation houses(housed) a staggering and gorgeous collection of some of the finest Post-Impressionist and Modern art anywhere in the world. It is a true shame that what was once so pure and good has now been corrupted and will forever be associated with one of the largest political scandals in our city's history. I only had the opportunity to visit the Foundation once, but I was awe-struck at the collection, the presentation, the grounds, and the genuine sense of respect you feel for the entire idea behind it. 

Do yourself a favor and watch "Art of the Steal." Unfortunately, the chance to see the Barnes collection in its rightful home has passed.
Twenty-three (23) rooms spanning two floors full of art as arranged by Dr. Barnes.  What I believe was the largest private collection in the world, many (many) great works can be seen together as ensembles demonstrating the works to be values both singularly and as a group.  Honestly, I don't know much about Art, but I do know what I like.  Furthermore, the iPod audio tour more than filled me in on the details I might be missing.  What's better than an awesome art tour?  A free awesome art tour!  The 1st Sunday of every month, the Barnes is free compliments of PECO.  No better way to check it out!

On a side note, the back story of Dr. Barnes and the art community of Philadelphia is an interesting one, but left untold by the Foundation.  I guess I can't blame them.  Still, we wouldn't have this lovely museum on the parkway without it...
If you like Renoir then this is the gallery to come to! 
The architecture of this building is pretty amazing. Although, the layout is a little odd and there is alot of wasted space inside. There are multiple rooms to walk through, with at least one Renoir painting in just about all of them. Some of the rooms are quite small When we first arrived it seemed a bit disorganized and it was kind of confusing as far as where to start. Side note: check big, puffy jackets at the coat check downstairs before trying to enter the gallery.
It is a little expensive to come here and you may want to come when they have the free entrance day ( I want to say it's the first Sunday of the month, but can't remember 100%).
It is a little sad that the wish of Mr. Barnes was to have his collection of artwork available to the public for free, and now the gallery is charging a hefty admission fee. If you can put that aside, then definitely come check out the collection!
I still consider myself a museum novice, getting better with every visit but still a novice.  

I was back in the Philadelphia area visiting family and we were looking for something to do on Monday.  The Barnes Foundation was a wonderful decision.  I highly recommend buying tickets online for the time you'd like since the place books up quickly and the likelihood of walking in and being able to get a ticket is not likely to happen.  

The Barnes Foundation is located right off the Benjamin Franklin Parkway and parking can be tricky.  Make sure you allow some time to look for parking in the area. 

Others have mentioned difficulty with the front desk people.  We didn't have any issues with the front desk or security.  Security will go through large bags and purses and will ask that those that have larger bags to check them downstairs.  I don't find this to be a problem.  Do you really want to carry around your large bag throughout the entire space?  They have a coat check as well as individual lockers downstairs that you can program with a unique number and securely stow away your personal belongings.  I found it very convenient and was thankful I didn't have to carry my large purse throughout the entire area.  

I love the architecture of the building, and how it adds to the experience.  This is a prime example of how technology adds to the overall experience.  I recommend using the IPOD given when entering the first room.  The use of the IPOD is free and under certain paintings or on specific walls there are numbers that you can enter into the IPOD for narration about that specific painting or wall.  In my opinion it adds a lot to the experience within The Barnes Foundation.  

The layout is truly genius.  Barnes amassed an incredible collection of pieces in his lifetime and I feel fortunate to be able to enjoy it today.  He put a lot of thought into how the pieces worked together on each wall and in each room.  I would have never thought of arrangements he was able to put together.  Even the furniture added to the cohesiveness of the collection.  This is the largest collection of Renoir in one place, 181 pieces in fact.  Each piece is more breathtaking than the last.  In addition to Renoir the collection includes Cezanne, Matisse, Picasso and so many more.  Barnes had an eye for beauty and collected what he loved and I'm so happy to enjoy his passion so many years later.  

This is beyond a doubt one of the best art collections to see.  Experiencing so much art in one visit is overwhelming and magnificent all at the same time.  We spent three hours here and we could have used another hour.  Don't forget the upstairs; it's just as wonderful as the first floor.  You will certainly be tired after seeing all the art in all the rooms, be prepared to need some down time after your visit here.  I would plan a lunch or dinner in the area once you're done.
An unique museum, it really stands out as the vision of one eccentric rich person who had unusual ideas about how to arrange paintings around a wall.  

Lucky for us that he had good taste, and also that the state of Pennsylvania went through legal hoops to get his collection out of his old house and to Philly for all of us to enjoy.(1)

There are so many Renoirs here you'll get sick of Renoir.  If I never see another Renoir again, I'll be fine.  There are almost as many Cezannes, but I could never tire of Cezanne.  Cezanne's painted oranges are almost better than the eating of real, ripe oranges.  

There's a Cross and a Signac, both beautiful.  Not so many Picassos but the ones here are from his Blue period and are excellent.  One rare Van Gogh nude, and also his famous Postman, which is referenced a billion times in movies and pop media anytime someone stands in front of colorful wallpaper.  Also Modiglianis and Soutines and Pascins, and quite a few painters less known.  (There's also non-European art, but European modern art from the 19th-20th centuries really dominates.)

It's a small museum compared to places like the Met or even MoMA, but it's densely and uniquely packed.  You could probably have a good visit in under two hours, but I was here 4-5 and it felt like not enough.  To quote a stranger I chatted with during my visit, "This place really keeps on giving."

(1) Speaking of legal hoops, if you're curious, there's a movie about this: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Art_of_the_Steal_%282009_film%29
Do you love museums? Enjoy experiencing more un-traditional forms of exhibition? The Barnes Foundation may just be the place for you.

The former residence of the late Dr. Barnes houses collections of Impressionist, Post-Impressionist and early Modern paintings, with extensive holdings by Picasso, Matisse, Cézanne, Renoir and Modigliani, as well as examples of African sculpture (I might have been the only one to stoop down to get a better look at them, but there are some really amazing pieces). The collection remains hung in the design that Barnes planned out, juxtaposing paintings with architectural details and furniture to create a harmonious integration of visual language. 

It's pretty amazing, and for most a very overwhelming and confusing experience since the small rooms are overloaded with art in its various forms and in no easily discernible manner - the Cezannes are not located in the same room. But I love the quirky charm behind Barnes' museum, and its really worth a visit if you're in the Philly area since the collection contains some amazing masterpieces. 

I personally don't agree with the decision to move the artwork and display it in the more traditional art museum manner since it makes viewing the art less personal and more, well, sterile. But the space itself is MAD small, and even though you have to make a reservation for an entry time slot, the rooms can get crowded really quickly. The nice thing is that the size of the place means that you can enjoy the entire collection in only a few hours! Way less exhausting than visiting, oh, the Philadelphia Museum of Art.
Wow.  The place is nuts.  There is an astounding collection of art here, along with some really out-of-place pieces.  I noted that one really did look like a child's drawing (not an insult like those dorks who talk about Pollock). Turns out it was indeed a drawing by a little girl that Barnes knew.  Next to incredibly fabulous pieces!

The collection is impressive and deserves a look. But the arrangement is overwhelming and made it hard to really concentrate on a single piece at times.  And since Barnes said the pieces couldn't be loaned out, we'll never get to appreciate that Soutine on its own.

And wait...is that a HINGE mounted between those priceless Impressionist paintings?  And a trowel over there?  Whuh?

But when you look at the place as an art installation itself, it's pretty interesting.  Barnes's ideas about art and how it should be viewed are fascinating, though I also find them pretentious and even condescending.  It's like getting into the mind of a mad man...a very wealthy mad man.

I'm glad I got to see it before the move.
10,000 stars for the art collection and gardens.
0 stars for the douchebags who work here.

Here's the low-down.  The people at the Barnes Foundation haven't figured out how to deal with the public (who they've been dealing with for 20 years now) so here is your guide to the Barnes.

1. you need to reserve and purchase your tickets in advance.  go to their website or call. I'm talking at least a month in advance.  plan for it so they know you're coming and can treat you like crap when you get there.
2. you have to pay extra for parking, which you also pay for in advance.  apparently the R5 is close by, but we drove. when you get there, you need to have proof that you have tickets (read: are allowed in--seriously, it reminds me of the days when certain groups of people weren't allowed into country clubs, soda shops, etc.- it's redic). you have to talk to 2 people (both douches) before you get your tickets.
3. After you park, they may or may not tell you where to go to enter. signage is fine once you're on your way, but by this point you're on your toes hoping not to get kicked out.
4. you wait outside the front of the building until it's your ticketed time to enter. like literally, at the front door like a group of elementary students. at least they didn't make us line up in straight rows of boys and girls.
5. once you go in, ignore the person who asks you to put your bag downstairs, and immediately ask when the next guided tour is, and if there are places for everyone in your party.  
6. go downstairs and pay a quarter to stash your purse/camera/small child.
7. get your purse out of storage in order to pay for the audio tour that you need if there aren't any more spots available on the guided tour.  get some attitude from the high schooler managing the audio tour desk. oh, and it's cash or check only.
8. re-stash your stuff (another $0.25)
9. FINALLY experience the glorious art of the Barnes.  the art is arranged by Dr. Barnes himself using his theories of art.  it is awesome.  
10. enjoy and try not to set off the alarms if you step over the black lines.  Alternatively, set off as many of the alarms as possible--the guards will love you and so will I.
This place is just beautiful.  The artwork is spectacular and the architecture is breathtaking.

Nothing I can say would be worthy enough to even approximate the sheer awesomeness of The Barnes.

You'll have to see it for yourself.
The artwork displayed is magnificent . . . featuring the largest collection of Renoirs that I have ever experienced.  The "museum," unfortunately, is a cruel joke.  Paintings are so profuse and crowded together that many visitors will find that after an hour they are visually overloaded.  Whatever gave Dr. Barnes the idea that he knew anything about displaying art remains a mystery to me.

My advice: wait until these treasures are installed in their new home.
So long, farewell, Barnes collection in Merion.  Hello, new, schmancy location on the Parkway.  It's heartbreaking either way, folks - and there is nothing we can do, except, please go see the collection before it's all shipped out and unavailable.  As it stands right now, four of the galleries on the second floor are closed, some of their central pieces are undergoing restoration - and the entire 2nd floor will be closed by January 3rd.  Sadness!

Dr. Barnes was a man ahead of this time and his collection is truly out of this world.  The Renoir's, Matisse's (a personal commissioned mural- lovely!) Seurat's, Cézanne's, Soutine's, Rousseau's, Modigliani's, Degas, Manet's, Monet's, Van Gogh's, the Old Masters, oh my!  Not to mention, he juxtaposes all of these with some splendid surrealists, De Chirico's, Picasso's and Miro's, and some amazing African tribal masks, phew - it is supreme, all of it.  What's even better, are his arrangements, mixed in with furniture and metal work - and it is just depressing to think that these will be no longer once the whole lot of it is moved to Museum row.  I've seen the renderings of the buildings, but I have no idea how they will curate the artwork.  I hope they stay true to Dr. Barnes vision as much as possible, but I'm afraid it won't be the case.

Pay $7 (cash or check only) for the audio guide - it's worth it- you can even hear Dr. Barnes narrate a couple pieces of the artwork.  You must buy tickets in advance and the venue only allows 200 people a day.  Most of the days are already sold out.  So, that being said, go NOW.  Like, now, now - and see the unique brilliance and arrangement of the Barnes collection - as it should be.
Like many of the reviewers here, I too saw "Art of the Steal" and came to the Barnes with a critical eye.  Those who know the Barnes story know what to expect here - this isn't a museum in the conventional sense of the word; it's a collection.  (And I'd certainly encourage those planning to go to the Barnes to read up on it before they go -- there are, for example, no placards in the galleries, just small brochures in each gallery that offer the date/title/artist of each work.  Most visitors buy the headsets so they can hear more about the works as they move through the galleries).

The galleries are tiny, poorly lit (in the evening, in particular, it can be hard to really see the paintings in the detail you might be used to), and cramped (I'd recommend buying tickets for a quieter time- a Friday at 4pm was fairly peaceful by Barnes standards) but much of what is here is really incredible. I've never seen more Renoir paintings in one place in my entire life (not to mention Cezanne or Matisse - and some incredible Henri Rousseau work).  Truth be told, some of the galleries interested me more than others -- I'm more of a post-impressionist fan, so the later galleries (8 on) were more my speed, and I loved the African masks in the upstairs galleries.  

I should say, the dreaded museum fatigue can set in here quicker than other museums - the galleries are small, guests have to stay within certain areas in the galleries to preserve the art, and there's SO much to see in every gallery that one's eye (and critical sensibility) can quickly get fatigued. 

In short, this is well worth the trip to Philly- it's an incredible collection. I'm not sure it's the kind of museum I'd revisit in the way, say, I go to MoMA or the Hischhorn again and again -- but it was well worth the trip.
Barnes Foundation is worthy of a visit, especially before it's relocated from its current Merion location when it shall be in Philadelphia.  A documentary The Art of the Steal (2009) should be watched if you have an opportunity.  The neighborhood restricts the number of visitors to 1200 each month including students, so you must arrange for an appointment in advance and the number of guests in your party.  The security guard at the gate will not allow you entry if your name isn't on their guest roster.  USD 15 per person admission fee, allow at least two to three hours to walk through.  There's a self audio guide available for USD 7, there's also a free guided tour available.  We went for one at noon and takes about an hour or so.

Once your done with the collection inside, take a walk around and notice the artwork along the top edge of the building you were just inside of, and admire the grounds, there's a pond.  The atmosphere here is quite peaceful and will be different once it's relocated in Philadelphia.

There's no food nor drinks sold on the grounds, best to eat before arriving at the grounds.  We arrived by bus, got off where the Barnes was, backtracked to where the bus turned, found a Wendy's at 259 West City Ave for a meal first.  If arriving by train, eat prior to boarding.

Lust for Life (1956) and Modigliani (2004) best depicting the life of artists Van Gogh and Modigliani.
Am I glad I went? Sort of. Would I go again? I'd rather not. My experience level is that I've been to lots of art museums around the U.S. and Europe, including New York, Washington, Amsterdam, London, Paris and The Hague. 

The story  of Albert Barnes and his attempts to school the public on art has fascinated me for years. I watched the movie, "The Art of the Steal," which prompted me to read numerous articles on Barnes and his collection. The best part of the museum is of course the art. It's easy to get jaded as in, "Oh, another Renoir" and "Oh, another Cezanne." 

Outside of that, the museum is lacking. For $25 per ticket, I think Barnes would be disgusted. The areas of the building leading up to the collection are ostentatious and difficult to navigate. Once inside the displays are a faithful replication of the original museum, or so I'm told. There are arrows in most rooms to point people around and brochures in each room with only basic information about the paintings. There isn't an audio tour, which for me is a must. There are docents here and there doing pop up talks. So, the patrons need to catch a docent talk or to ask questions catch a docent between talks. For a museum originally designed around teaching the ignorant masses about great works of art this is incredibly disappointing. I spent the majority of my time walking around the museum wondering about the significance of what I was looking at and wishing to know the stories behind the art and it's acquisition. 

Some may be put off by the displays. To protect the art, visitors are asked to stay behind a designated line. While this is understandable, it makes it difficult to get a direct view of the art in the corners, especially in the smaller rooms. Security staff were diligent about patrons not crossing the line. A gentleman behind me was admonished for pointing at a painting because his hand crossed over the demarcation line. 

Another annoyance is the required coat and bag check. As soon as patrons enter they are asked to check coats and bags, again to protect the art. This annoyance could be less aggravating if there were warnings on the website and at the entrance.

The coffee, tea, and brownie we had at the coffee shop were delectable. There is a restaurant on site that we didn't try. Bathrooms were irritatingly extravagant. I don't really want to go into details here, but each toilet is like it's own little powder room, without a fan. 

Overall, what could have been a great experience was persistently marred by everything outside of the art.
I'm a museum snob and an amateur art historian.

I'm one of those freaks that can stare at a piece of art on the wall for like 10 minutes and it like moves me to the point of tears.  And my phenomenological trip to the Barnes was no exception.

One of the things I really dislike about large collections and grandiose museums is their rule about hanging pieces at "eye level."  Being that I'm an early childhood educator and a person who stands at 5 feet tall, "eye level" doesn't really help me or my students out.  I (and my students most definitely) deal with unpleasant glares and having to stand on my tip toes sometimes to get the full effect of the art piece... ugh!

But the random and somewhat frenzied organization of the art at the Barnes breaks this posh museum mold.  I love when I can get close and personal with paintings in particular so I can REALLY see the brush strokes- somehow it makes me feel like I can flashback to when the painting was created...

If you're hungry after a round at the Barnes, I suggest just walking down the street towards the university and grab something at Starbucks or Wendy's.  It's literally a 15 minute walk, even in my New York City boots.  don't bother paying for a cab- it's so not worth it.  Well unless it's snowing of course.
The collection itself gets 5 stars. I've traveled quite a bit, and this collection rivals the best. Furthermore, it offers a unique experience with its educationally-guided layout. The Barnes collection is something that deserves to be savored and experienced again and again.

Minus one star for certain components of the accompanying controversy and the steep price of admission, though. 

I will admit that it was painful to hear that Dr. Barnes' art was being moved from Merion to Philadelphia. The original Barnes was a beautiful jewelbox full of art treasures, presented in an unpretentious way that nevertheless served an educational function. It was hard to imagine preserving the original spirit of the Barnes in a sterile, sleek, somewhat soulless modern building in Philadelphia. I still think the building, while beautiful, feels incongruous with the art within and general aesthetic spirit of the city. I was also touched by some of the arguments made in "The Art of the Steal" and agree that the people involved with the move were more interested in the tourism money than the masterpieces. But the documentary really never adequately address the issue of access, which, to me, is what ultimately makes the change a net positive. 

I've been able to make it here many, many times since its opening in Philadelphia. As a former art student myself, I love being able to discuss Barnes' clever arrangements every time I come with a group. I especially enjoy taking friends without an art background here because it's so much fun to introduce them to the different uses of color, line, and negative space through Barnes' arrangements. The new location stayed true to the original layouts and improved visibility of many of the paintings hanging over doorways or high up on the taller walls. At the original Barnes, many of these more obscure paintings were pretty much indistinguishable due to glare. It's not perfect, but the new lighting setup is much improved. The headsets are informative, and a must if you are unfamiliar with Dr. Barnes and his ideas. They also host interesting events, including a young professionals night once or twice a year, which I went to once and had a pretty fun time. I like that this place is now more frequently visited by students from Philadelphia's many colleges and universities. 

At the end of the day, is making art publicly available and accessible to a large urban population the worst crime in the world? Is it a tragedy that this engaging collection can now be viewed by generations that might not have been able to do so under the previous circumstances? Methinks not. To characterize the story as a black-and-white tale of righteous art defenders versus greedy philistines is to ignore this argument. And to dissuade someone from seeing the collection because of its tumultuous history seems just plain silly and misguided. Go here and let it just be about the art.
Is it actually possible to have too much Cezanne, Renoir, Manet, Monet, Modigliani, et al? Could that actually be a thing? Well, I'll have to find out the next time, because they only gave me 40 minutes to find out on my first visit.

With tickets for 1:30 on Friday, we arrived about 15 minutes early, and were told that everything was pushed back half an hour, and that we would get in to the main gallery at 2 with a new ticket they gave us. So we headed over to the temporary gallery, and came back half an hour later. Oops, the delay was now a full hour, wait til 2:30. We went downstairs and checked out the gift shop, and after another half hour, we got in line.

There was tons of confusion in the line, as people held tickets for everywhere from 1:30 to 3:00, and only one Barnes employee hiding behind the crowd to sort things out. They finally got the line moving at about 2:35, but stopped it unexpectedly to let about 30 people who had not been waiting in line into the gallery, with no explanation. We finally got to the front of the line at about 2:45, and they cut off the line halfway through our group, saying the gallery was full. It took some pleading from both inside the gallery and out to let the rest of our group through, but we were finally in.

The galleries themselves are spectacular. It's unlike any museum you've ever been to, with multiple, incredible works of art sharing wall and case space. Too dense for customary placards, instead each room has a bench with portfolio books identifying the works. It would probably work better if we hadn't needed to rush through everything.

Half an hour after we entered, we realised we were barely 1/3 through the gallery, even at our hurried pace. We sped through the rest of the second floor, but as we walked downstairs 40 minutes after we entered, we saw security guards positioned to clear the gallery. a 10 minute warning was followed moments later by a 5 minute warning, followed shortly by being guided out. Less than 45 minutes after we entered, we were back in the atrium, and the line was twice as long as it had been for us.

Despite getting into the gallery 75 minutes late, we actually ended up leaving earlier than we expected. The Barnes really dropped the ball on managing this opening. It was a crushing disappointment to be rushed through this incredible gallery in so short a time.

The building itself is impressive. They did a good job of merging the original style of the interiors with a modern exterior. Unfortunately, the landscaping is only partially complete, so the full effect isn't quite there yet. Also, they bizarrely included a large parking lot on the Callowhill side, separated from the museum by a large wall, so where 3 sides of the block feel like an impressive city museum, the north side feels like a low-rent suburban office park.

I hope a return visit earns the Barnes as a whole the 5 stars the galleries deserve, but the first visit was far to frustrating.
Took advantage of being here on the first Sunday of the month which meant that admission was FREE! Downside, there was a two hour wait. There happened to be some music in the gardens so we stayed a bit for that and then walked a few blocks and got some beer, it was a win-win.

With a nice buzz on we went back at our allotted time and started to fill our eyes with art.....I was mainly looking for Modi's (Modigliani) and was bummed I never had a chance to sneak in a photograph (there are cameras, even if there aren't any guards).  Upon seeing my first Modi, I literally got goosebumps and started to get teary-eyed.  Never expected to get that emotional over his work, but I did.  

The gallery rooms inside reminded me of the Walters Art Museum in Baltimore as they had that same kind of feel.  You need to mind the lines on the floor and not step over them.  Another thing to be careful of, as you will get reprimanded, is to not remove the info-guides from each room.  They are to be browsed only while in that particular room.

Definitely a lot bigger than I assumed it would be.  Love how each wall is a collection that had some kind of theme or reasoning or idea that led it to be displayed the way that it is.  It was fun trying to figure the why and how of some of the pieces.

Don't debate, just go.
I kind of hate to give The Barnes three stars because I was so excited, but the museum for me was disappointing. 

Needless to say most of it was probably due to factors out of the museum's control since I understand that the museum is laid out exactly as the original in Merion, Pa., but I do have to say that the cons outweighed the pros. 

The downsides:

We went on a Sunday with free tickets (nice perk), but the line was slow and long. Once in, you're greeted with a boggling, unorganized clash of paintings filling every wall in every room. I say this about the curation not because of personal taste but because it makes the art truly hard to take in--some paintings are too high up to observe, others get lost in the shuffle, and it's difficult to pay attention to any one thing. Not to mention that paintings and artifacts from various styles and periods are grouped together in strange ways. This guy sure had his own style.

Also, the museum does not have the placards you normally see by paintings with their description. They are replaced instead by paper booklets found in each room showing exact replicas of each wall and a number system of which paintings are where. This is unfortunate for two reasons: 1) The books don't provide descriptions, which I always enjoy and 2) I found myself several times looking intently at the booklets to learn about the paintings and ignoring the real thing right in front of me. 

The upsides: 

The reflecting pond with the pebbles outside was beautiful as well as the intricate stone walls and the mosaic floor. The collection did contain some really enjoyable major and lesser works by Cezanne, Picasso ("The Ascetic" was great), Matisse, and the list goes on. Those with iPhones get lucky because The Barnes has a free app which features great audio guides, and they give you headphones to use for free.
You know there's something off about a museum when you A) don't normally write reviews about museums, B) have to start the review off with how douchey their attendants are.

So, yes, their attendants are a bit anal and unfriendly about people stepping over a brown line on the floor that is probably just a bit further away from the wall than most people seem natural, but the reason I'm giving the Barnes one star for allowing a particularly prissy and overly aggressive attendant to roam around the museum on Mothers Day this year.  

I had two unfortunate encounters with him.  The first time, he felt the need to communicate by putting his hands on me.  Can you imagine that happening at any other museum?  The second encounter was worse.  I had my seven-year-old daughter with me, and she was taking a break sitting on a bench looking out a window in a room without any art.  I was standing about 15 feet away, with her in the corner of my eye, just across the door threshold of a small gallery listening to one of the audio recordings the Barnes provides on its earphones.  So, this attendant confronts me rather aggressively saying something like, "Sir, children have to be in the same room as their parents."  Keep in mind that this is not actually in the "guidelines" the Barnes posts online, which say only that children under 14 have to be accompanied by adults.  It's not like she was anywhere near any art, or as if she was a three-year-old touching everything in sight.  So, anyhow, I basically ignore the attendant because of his tone of voice.  That pisses him off, and he starts getting in my face saying something like, "Sir, do you understand what I'm saying?"  His tone of voice got my daughter's attention, so she came into the room where I was and I moved away from the attendant, walking toward another room where my wife was.  This attendant then physically moves in front of me to block me moving to the other room and continues interrogating me in a loud voice (keep in mind that there are other people in the room) and he radios in something about the situation.  At this point, my daughter was walking into the other room, so the attendant was actually blocking me from following her.  For a museum to condone this sort of behavior, it must have a really dim view of its customers.

The attendant aside, the Barnes has a large collection -- particularly of Cezannes, Renoirs, and Matisses.

One other note -- it's a very vertical gallery, making it not so kid friendly.
A fantastic collection turned into a mess of an exhibit.  I didn't see the collection in the original venue, but there is something unconscionable about changing venues without changing the way the works are displayed.  Instead of grouping works in a comprehensible way, things just appear to be thrown on the walls in a generally random way.  It is probably the worst exhibit of the some of the finest art I have ever seen.  In the event, as I suspect, there were stipulations about moving things to the new location, then those stipulations need to be revisited and, if at all possible, broken.  There is simply no need to show everything all the time.  My sense is they need to select a large room full of the 'required' masterpieces, then exhibit the rest on a rotating basis.  As things stand, you pay $30 then are so assaulted by the jumble presented that the desire to escape wins out after about an hour.  If you live in the Philadelphia area, then becoming a member and being able to go in and visit small areas would be sensible.  But for the visitor, it is really not worth it.  The nearby Museum of Art is a far more sensible museum to visit.  

By the way, the building itself far more interesting from the outside than on the inside.
Very disappointing, especially as I had wanted to see the collection for so many years.
Barnes had a lot of money early in the 20th century and (with advice from Glackens) he bought a lot of great art: Cezannes, Renoirs, Matisses, Seurats, etc.  He thought he was clever in the way he displayed his art, but he was a fool.  Just because two paintings have red in them doesn't mean they should be near each other.  And hanging paintings more than twelve feet above the floor is totally unacceptable.   When his exclusive (limited access) gallery was in Merion, the overcrowding of pictures and poor curating could be somewhat excused.  But then, they construct a huge building in Philadelphia and repeat the Merion mistakes!   Moreover, Barnes (and now The Barnes) was/is very selfish - not loaning major works to other museums for retrospective exhibitions (eg a show on Cezanne).  Why?  Because it would leave an empty spot on the wall where Barnes decided that painting belonged in 1950 and it was never moved.  
From 1993 to 1995, more than 80 of the best works went on a world tour (like a rock band) to raise money for the Merion building. Paintings were properly displayed (hung with the bottom of the frame around 3 feet above the floor) in The National Gallery in Washington and other venues. Unfortunately, it seems like we will never see these great Impressionist, Post-Impressionist, and Early Modern paintings properly hung again. So we have to go to the Barnes.
The Barnes is like having a delicious gourmet meal in a noisy, smokey, overcrowded restaurant with terrible service:  the aesthetic experience is greatly diminished.
Bottom line: 
Overall it's pretty good and worth a visit, preferably earlier in the day.

The good:
Some of the artwork
Some of the architecture
Some of the staff

The bad:
Some of the artwork
Some of the architecture
Some of the staff

So now you are probably a bit confused (welcome to my world). So here's the scoop: 

1. The art: Some of it is good, some of it is not. There is a lot of it though, so you are bound to find some pieces of art you like. And probably a lot that you don't like either. And don't even ask about why it's arranged in the manner it is, why some rooms are sort of dark, and what is the deal with all of those little metal adornments on the wall. Barnes was a rich, eclectic guy and he more or less dictated where the artwork is hung, how it is arranged, what it is next to, etc. 

2. The architecture: Overall it's a really cool building except for the barely used airplane hanger sized space before you enter the galleries. The gardens and water features out back are nice as is the open space between the galleries that opens to a plant-filled atrium in the basement. I still have no clue why there is so much empty space before you enter the galleries, though.

3. The staff: Some are nice and helpful. Others seem a bit lost as to what they are supposed to be doing but at least they are friendly. Some of the guards are downright scary, though. Some seem to take their job way too seriously and I have even seen one follow people around waiting for them to grab a painting (maybe a good one, maybe not) and take a run for it. It makes me appreciate the friendliness of the guards at places like the ICA.

Anyway, the Barnes is good too see at least once. And when you are done you can head out the back and grab a pie at Pizzeria Vetri or a bite at Whole Foods.

Insiders tips: Read up about Barnes as much as you can before visiting because if you do the whole experience will make more sense. Also download the free app for your phone that describes the art in the galleries. It will save you from paying for the audio tour when you visit. Also try to visit the museum as early in the day as you can because it gets crowded and they limit how many people are in the museum at once. Finally, make sure to get a timed ticket ahead of time rather than just walking up and trying to gain admission.
The collection is amazing. Truly incredible. But most of the employees working there appear to hate other people. If you are 90, want to walk/shuffle around in a bubble created by ear phones then it's perfect for you. If you want to whisper to a companion about what you see and are experiencing, prefer to not be yelled at every 5 feet or would prefer not to be treated as though your presence is a bother -- then you might head down the road to another museum. Any other museum. 

It's a shame really as the building is amazing and the collection awe inspiring and unique. If I rated just the physical elements it would be 5 stars but the people element killed it for me.
The Barnes Foundation is one of the Seven Wonders of the Modern World.  The collection of impressionist and post-impressionist paintings is unparalleled for a private collection.  It was assembled by patent medicine millionaire Dr. Albert Barnes in the early 20th century, who promptly shut down public access to his collection following media criticism.  He used the collection as a teaching tool, and the trust established on behalf of a local university to administer the collection after Barnes died has tried to stay true to these principles. Although access is (for now) hampered by certain conditions imposed by the good Dr. Barnes in the trust, seeing these works in their original setting before they're moved to Center City is worth the hassle.  Where else will you see dozens of Renoirs, Modiglianis, Matisses, Cezannes and Picassos, interposed with the African and other non-western art that inspired them?  The arrangement of the art, like much else about the foundation, reflects the idiosyncrasies of Dr. Barnes, and must be experienced to be appreciated.  If you live in NY, make a weekend trip to Philly to see the Barnes before it's moved.  You'll be glad you did.
For review 1500 (not including updates), I give it up to the legendary art museum that has alluded me for almost my entire life even though there was a time when I lived within a very short walking distance to the original!

When you look at the current Barnes Foundation it's just as important to look at the original Barnes Foundation which was the Lower Merion-based home of Albert C. Barnes personal art collection which has oftentimes been dubbed the best personal collection in the world. The famous chemist, businessman, and art collector was a very eccentric individual who didn't believe in presenting his art in a museum-style curation, which is why to this day The main rooms have it's art scattered throughout in a way that might not make much sense to any art historian.

a few decades after his death, his collection was gradually moved from its Lower Merion home to the city museum in a fashion that can for better or worse be described as nothing short of controversial (and the documentary movie about it covers it way better than I can -https://youtu.be/tKXaDy99OTI). But even so, its still a monumental collection that's worthy of a visit, and when I had a chance I finally decided to give it a visit during a Covid-19 Fall, and it was one that I ultimately enjoyed despite a few misgivings.

Ultimately the interior of the museum is a tale of two museums because you have the special exhibit wing which displays that art in a well placed traditional fashion, and then you have the main room where people where tasked with laying out the artwork in a way that aligned with Barnes' eccentric curiosities. It's hard to say whether they delivered upon that well enough or not, but its still somewhat impressive to walk into a room that has all of these styles of classic art scattered in such a fashion like they were just placed in someone's living room!

Ultimately I preferred that special exhibit room because it taught me that I ultimately prefer that order within my museum exhibits where I can walk around a room and read about the artist's work while I view it up close and personal and gain new insight from it instantaneously. 

This isn't to say that I didn't enjoy the Barnes style of presentation, I just found it to be much more chaotic and mismanaged, even more so during a time like Covid-19 because it seemed like the people looking at the art were more tuned into taking art photos and reading about the work on the app than they were to practicing social distancing within the art hallways. There was also something about taking a photo on the phone app to learn about the Van Gogh, Renoir, Matisse, etc pieces of art that you were looking at instead of ACTUALLY LOOKING AT THE ART that kind of took away from the overall experience.

Still, it was a great overall art museum experience that I'd definitely repeat. Unlike spots like MOMA and the Philadelphia Museum of Art, I just recommend basing a visit more on what they have for a special exhibit than I would for other art museums.
UNBELIEVABLE the way that the bookings were handled this week end - had a 3.30 pm ticket, booked through the benefits that came with my founder membership. Got the tickets, only to be told at the entrance that we could not get in until 7 PM. This was said NOWHERE on the web site during booking that there would be 3h30min between reservation time and actual entry into the museum. So totally unacceptable, UNPROFESSIONAL, and DISRESPECTFUL to be treated this way with no warning. In the end we did NOT make it into the museum cause a 7 pm entry would conflict with other week end activities that also had been booked way in advance. This is so sad to see an organization like this treating its customers this way. Mr Barnes would certainly be very unhappy about this. NOT A GOOD JOB, BARNES FOUNDATION!!! you should be ashamed!!!!
I've never seen such an extensive collection of Renoirs and Cézanne's as they have in this collection.  I've been to a number of world class museums, and while I recognized perhaps 90% of the artists displayed, most of their work at Barnes was unfamiliar to me.   It was a morning of exciting discoveries!

Logistics:
** Tickets range in price from $5 (teens and students) to $25.  Children 12 and under are free.   
** There is an outdoor lot, not all that big, attached to the building.  We paid $12 to park.
** While most of the art is labeled by artist, there are no placards with background.  Load your phone with their app when you enter.  Direct your cell towards the painting you want to learn about and voila -- the information appears on your phone.
** The museum is easy to navigate with signs advising you the direction to proceed.
** The lobby has plenty of seating.  If you want to take a break while looking, there are benches throughout the gallery.
** They say to allow three hours to go through the museum.  We did it in two-and-change.
The Barnes Foundation was so awesome.  Don't you dare step out of that square in each room, though.  Security is waiting to yell at you.  Do your research about Barnes and the whole evolution of the foundation before you come here to further appreciate your time.  It would take about 3 weeks to take everything in here.  

Get tickets in advance.  There is live music on Friday nights.  This is a great winter activity!

Parking around the museum is easy and normally plentiful so don't waste your money in a garage.
My husband and I were excited about going to the Barnes Museum. I went to the web site to get the location - we were staying in Philadelphia for this excursion and we're delighted to see we could take a bus right to the door.  The exterior courtyard was interesting.  The greeter was charming. Then we got to the ticket line. "Did we have a reservation"? What? I responded, your website didn't say reservations were necessary. "The galleries are small and we limit the visitors ."  Tickets are $25 each so we knew it would cost us $50 to visit and were willing to pay that. Imagine my surprise when the ticket seller said " For people who don't have reservations we do have a number of anytime entry tickets that we hold.  They are $35 each."  So, let me understand this. I can't get in because it is too crowded - unless I have a reservation. But, if I pay $10 more a ticket suddenly space opens up in the gallery?  It sounded like a simple shake down for more ticket revenue. I was so taken aback that - even though we had come into the city specifically to go to the Barnes - we left.
For many years, the Barnes Foundation intrigued me. I always heard great things about it, about how the collection of works is absolutely stunning and a unique experience. However, as much as I jhave been many times to Philadelphia, I never got the chance to go out to the suburb where the foundation was located. But now, the famous foundation has moved - not without controversy - to downtown Philadelphia. Many saw that as a smart move, others as a way to exploit the collection for cash. My opinion?

A mix of both.

Now don't get me wrong. The foundation is now within walking distance of most hotels in Philly, and you don't have to suffer too much hassle to see it. But most importantly, the collection in itself is gorgeous. I have never seen such an eclectic mix of styles, artists, and concepts be so well intertwined. You can really feel the power of the collection the moment you enter.

However, I have issues with the place:

1) The outside architecture is so bland and uninspiring that I ended up laughing like a madman at how bad it looks. Yeah, there is some sort of garden outside with a weird statue, but the overall look is just stupidly horrible.

2) Staff? STAFF? hahahahaha WOW! At most, two of them looked like they gave one stinking crap about the place and their job. Every time i had a query or question, I was told something either off-topic or contradictory. Also, I don't remeber anyone looking or appearing friendly.

3) The souvenir store has nothing interesting to offer.

4) No parking anywhere. I came in as a tourist, so i was not troubled by that. But still, many people from PA go there, and many have cars.

I respect the city of Philadelphia of trying to promote the place, but as many people have pointed out, it really looks and seems as if the long and hard work/dedication of Mr. Barnes to create a long-lasting collection has now been exploited as a cash-cow.
They have really let the quality of the experience go since the move. Yes most of the exhibit are the hung the same and you still feel packed in the halls as they only created hallways but the experience is lacking. They add exhibitions space for temporary exhibits but they art is not in keeping with or of quality in the Barnes. The exhibit I saw this time looked like a high school student did it. They added a concert space that is way too loud. The whole first floor required earplugs when a concert is going on.

They staff are untrained and seem to have little guidance. While entering the main hall someone said we couldn't enter but later came back saying we could. The security guard force is random in policy enforcement, conflicted about rules and lacks customer service skills. To stop a woman from using her camera (guard thought she was taking a picture but the woman was checking the audio tour), the guard just waves her hand an inch from the phone which was pointed at the floor. One guard was napping against a wall in the new hallways were there are no cameras. One guard answers questions like your an uninvited guest in her home. They have a wooden line not to cross, which is impossible not to for doors and benches, which changes distances within rooms. My foot passed it by 2 inches and the guard told me off because it was a "'free day' and I should be thankful for being there." What made me angry as she is telling me off for 2 inches, a man in the corner of the room was 6 inches from the wall looking at a painting and a person 6 feet from me was also standing on this line but she does nothing. 

The Barnes Museum has gotten more money driven since the move.
I wish I could leave two separate reviews for The Barnes Foundation. I have seen the collection at least six times and I never tire of it. I've been to the original setting in Lower Merion. I watched the construction on the Parkway while I did my two years at Moore and have now been there twice although the first time was for dinner only. They did a fantastic job recreating the mini mansion and that deserves 5 stars. 

BUT getting to the collection is a convoluted ONE STAR problem. You arrive. A guard greets you and examines your attire. Your bag can only be so big. Your coat can only be so long. If you fall outside these restrictions you must go DOWNSTAIRS and check said items. Then you go back UPSTAIRS, walk through the biggest emptiest room you can imagine until you reach a set of guarded doors to the mansions original rooms. The guards inspect your parties now adjusted attire and decide it's not edited enough because someone is wearing a SHIRT that is too long. A shirt.....really??? You will need to see original guard No#1 for special permission and a sticker in order to keep your shirt on. So you turn around and walk  back through the biggest, emptiest room you can imagine to do just that. Only after a third conversation with three different guards and a third march through biggest, emptiest room you can imagine were we finally allowed to view the coveted collection.  

None of this nonsense went on at the original Barnes. What are we going to do snatch a Renoir down from the wall, wrap it in our oversized shirt and try to stuff it in our backpacks??? And what the F is with the big empty room anyway???
Five stars for the art. Zero stars for the place and the staff. Tried to take some notes on paper and was told "no pens allowed", received a golf pencil from security. Was making some *quick* sketches of metal objects that surround the work and twice security looked over my shoulder to tell me no sketching allowed. I was alone in a room and not holding up any other visitors.

Also, I know the work is displayed as Barnes had it in his home before it was stolen by the Barnes Foundation, but it is a TERRIBLE way to view the amazing collection.

Get a list of works and look in books or online. You'll be a lot happier.
Recently relocated from the historic Merion campus to a striking modern building on The Parkway, The Barnes Foundation contains one of the most important and thorough art collections in the world.  While the museum is small in size compared to the PMA up the street, its galleries are jam packed with paintings, furniture, artifacts, and sculpture that spans over 400 years and four continents.  The museum's size also allows visitors to easily see the collection and all the artwork without feeling like they're missing anything important.

The art is organized into "ensembles", where each wall is carefully curated with a mix of painting, furniture, sculpture, and artifact.  The art represented contains some of the biggest names in modern western civilization: Matisse, Renoir, Modigliani, Cezanne, and Gaugin, to name a few.  First time visitors may find the galleries themselves to be cluttered and confusing, but this is due to the nature that the original collector, Albert Barnes, organized the work.  Each room also contains a book that helps viewers identify every item in each of the galleries.

While the museum's collection is incredible, it can be a bit overwhelming for first time visits.  I found that I didn't have enough time to really appreciate all of the art in the museum and left feeling that I should come back again to see the upper galleries properly.  Also, because the interior galleries are small, visitors may find themselves feeling clustered and claustrophobic, but can be relieved by visiting the larger entry areas outside which are much more spacious.  Admission is also a bit steep ($18 for Adults, $10 for students) given the size of the museum, but the collection is truly stunning and arguably worth the cost.  Lastly, while an audio tour isn't compulsory, I would highly recommend it, as it makes navigating the museum and understanding the work much easier.
I regret visiting this museum after finding out how this collection was acquired. For more information, one should watch the "Art of the Steal"
This is a tough review to write. I really love Impressionist art, and I also really enjoy spending hours upon hours walking through museums, so I was expecting to love the Barnes Foundation.

At the Barnes' original location, I appreciated how the art was presented salon-style in Dr. Barnes' old mansion and I fondly remember spending sunny afternoons in the gardens around the mansion. The new museum has a grand, modern exterior and a massive central hall complete with a stage. I respect that the museum designers decided to build galleries that mimicked the rooms in Barnes' home as closely as possible, but going from that airy, atrium-like main hall to the small, stuffy, yellow-walled gallery rooms felt claustrophobic. It failed to capture the charm of the original setting, and the small room sizes just could not handle the larger volume of visitors.

One positive aspect of the new, larger museum is the wing reserved for temporary exhibitions; I caught the Berthe Morisot one and thought it was really well-curated. Maybe I missed it, but I thought it was a real waste that the museum didn't have a little wing dedicated to Dr. Barnes' life, given he is the reason the collection exists.

Is the art beautiful and special? Absolutely. Dr. Barnes amassed a truly spectacular collection of Renoir, Modigliani, Toulouse-Lautrec, Cezanne, and Rousseau pieces, as well as many beautiful works by Prendergast, an American artist who I was not aware of before visiting the Barnes. I also enjoyed all the Pennsylvania Shaker and Dutch furniture and random antique hinges and trinkets adorning the walls. That being said, I really took my time walking through the galleries and leafing through the pamphlets, but it still took me under two hours. The size of the collection is dwarfed by the Metropolitan Museum of Art ($25), Rijks (€17), Musee d'Orsay (€12) and even the Philadelphia Museum of Art ($20) down the road. I heard someone mention that the Barnes Foundation ($30) is the most expensive museum in North America, and I simply cannot understand why. (Disclaimer: my former employer was kind enough to provide me with a corporate free ticket - thanks Eric!)

Perhaps living in DC, with its numerous, well-curated, free museums, has spoiled me. I did truly cherish my visits to the former Barnes location when I was younger and it made me sad to have left the new location so underwhelmed and disappointed. Back when I heard the Barnes was moved, I didn't understand why the decision was so controversial - now I totally get it, and part of me wishes the collection had stayed housed in its original home, presented as Barnes intended.
I struggle so much with this place before even walking in the door after watching "The Art of the Steal." I felt somewhat like a scoundrel for going to this place, so completely opposite of the wishes of the man who amassed this collection.

That aside, we happened to go on one of the free days, which was a bit of a pain, since you needed to get tickets in advance for entry time. Since it's not in a convenient location, that meant schlepping over there two times.

When we finally did get in, there was some weird interpretive dance thing going on the ground floor. The rooms were packed with humanity, and with the limited amount of space per room, it made viewing the art in such crowds difficult. Because Dr. Barnes never intended for such huge throngs of people--not in the original home, nor the recreated footprint of the original. 

I appreciate that they did recreate the exact footprint, yet it also feels like a 'lipstick on a pig' sort of situation. I keep coming back to how morally wrong and corrupt this place is to defile and annihilate the wishes of the man who did and paid for this collection. Money above principles.

Also, lots of people bemoan the way you must view the collection, the way it is organized, the lack of information...if you take into consideration that it was never meant to be seen in this context, and in the way you are seeing it...

The building's grounds are lovely, the concept is an interesting one, the execution is nicely done. 

The artwork includes so many masterpieces and beloved artists, what isn't to love about the work of these individuals and these styles? I appreciate that it is different than other museums, and that the eccentric man who compiled it had a unique vision. 

Restaurant meal was enjoyable. The gift shop was nice. Helping rake in the millions for someone...
Not worth it. $30 to get in is criminal. Truly. The new building is nice and the collection is stellar, but you are destroying the spirit of the arts within a community. But the topper is the bizarre dress code - it is beyond anything acceptable in this day and age. Nothing is posted and the rationale is elusive, but the security guards bother you to abide by these unknown rules. To essentially be harassed after overpaying, it's just not worth it. Stay away and send the message that this is not acceptable. If I had known, I would not have gone.
Beautiful impressionist/modern art collection owned by Dr. Barnes, a chemist who rose to fame and fortune selling an anti-gonorrheal drug back in the the early 1900s. The layout of this place is unique: each room has its own constellation of artwork arranged around a certain theme. For example, one room had bird sculptures with birds in the paintings, etc. 

Barnes loves Cezanne, Renoir, Picasso, and Matisse so you'll see lots of them, in addition to religious themed Renaissance painters. There's some ancient African sculptures and Asian art too. Don't forget to get the complimentary audio tour. Students with ID are free on weekdays!

I visited Nari Ward's exhibit recently- contemporary art that often gave social commentary on the African-American and Philadelphia communities, including performance arts.
Most people LOVE the Barnes Foundation - and I bet the new Center City space will be a true spectacle.

My parents had dragged us here since childhood and mom is/was a member and supporter, so we kids had art & culture shoved down our throats.

Thus, I too, love the Barnes foundation.  And the arts.

Thanks, Mom!
I can't believe I didn't come here sooner. This is a GREAT place to spend an afternoon and is so underrated. The architecture of the Barnes is beautiful and you're greeted by this very minimalist and modern building that's just as beautiful inside than the outside. We got out tickets first ($5 for students!) and then went to the Garden Restaurant inside. This is the perfect brunch spot. Their burger is great, and whatever you do decide to order, you should get the fingerling potatoes as a side. Afterward, we headed to the entrance of the museum. It's actually a LOT bigger than it looks and the collection is huge. Because works can never leave the Barnes, if you've never been, you've probably never have seen them in person! There are a lot of famous works here by a lot of well known artists that even the least art-versed person would know (Van Gogh, Renoir, Matisse, Picasso, etc.) and anyone can come and appreciate this museum. What makes this collection unique is how Dr. Barnes displayed the works in a gallery layout (common in modern day homes, but not so much in museums). 

Beside the collection and the restaurant, there is also a coffee bar downstairs, a garden, a gift shop, and many classrooms where you can register to take an art class, which is nice. I have yet to attend one, but the Barnes also hosts "young professionals" nights that are themed and I've been dying to go. 

This is a lovely place and within two weeks, I've already gone twice, with plans to go back. I highly recommend coming if you're looking for something cultural to do!

TIPS:
- Definitely try to get a ticket in advance online. They give a limited number of tickets out in time blocks and you won't be able to enter until the time listed on your ticket (but anytime afterward).
- If you forget to get a ticket online, purchase at the ticket counter and then make your way to the Garden Restaurant for a great meal or bottomless mimosas!
- Bring a student ID card if you have one. The discount is incredible!
How have I never been to the Barnes before??? Oh yeah that's right, because it costs a small fortune ($30 is a lot of moolah!) to gain entrance . But seriously, now after coming here for the PECO sponsored (internally screaming PECO POWER PLAY) Free First Sunday Family Day, I can totally say that the price per person is worth it. THE COLLECTION IS EXTENSIVE. 

I really didn't know what to expect because I've only ever been to the PMA growing up, but you're totally in for a treat. Since this is a private collection, this establishment doesn't necessarily follow the same rules as other art houses; let's start by saying that there are no wires and boundaries on the floor, just a thin line of the ground "suggesting" how close you can and cannot be??? What even! I'm a respectful viewer-- but that freedom was cool AF, very "euro." 

There is so much at crammed into these walls you honestly don't even know where to look! There are 23 rooms for you to wander through in the main collection, and none of the pieces of art have name tags, which I thought was weird, but it forces you to pick up one of their little pamphlets located conveniently in cubbie goles within the benches in each room, or in pockets near each door and READ. Shout it from the rooftops! If you want to know something you need to put forth the effort and find it and learn a little versus strolling through aimlessly and not learning anything! Who'd've thought!

An impressive collection of Van Gogh pieces as well as Degas and a couple Picasso's I saw as well. I was also impressed by their special exhibition featuring works from the female artist Berthe Moriset-- a female impressionist whose work (in my opinion) is very much on par with the other impressionists of her time (Monet, Van Gogh, Degas, all the typical MALES you think of, awk) but yet I've never heard of her until now. Very sad on society's part, but I did really like her work (I actually didn't take any pictures of her pieces, all videos and for some reason, I can't upload them, bummer!)

All in all, it's worth the money. Plan to spend 2ish hours here if you really want to take in the sheer number of works.
This should be a 5 star. And it should be top of your list of "to-dos" if you're visiting Philly. The low ratings simply reflect the controversy and politics surrounding the collection, not the collection or the museum experience itself. 

All you need to know is what Wikipedia tells you: that it's one of the most impressive but unknown art collections in the world. And it's here, in a brand new space, in Philadelphia. 

Wikipedia: The collection includes 181 paintings by Pierre-Auguste Renoir, 69 by Paul Cézanne, 59 by Henri Matisse, 46 by Pablo Picasso, 21 by Chaim Soutine, 18 by Henri Rousseau, 16 by Amedeo Modigliani, 11 by Edgar Degas, 7 by Vincent van Gogh, and 6 by Georges Seurat. One of Matisse's works of dancers was created for the main gallery space, where the triptych is above Palladian windows.

So go. Book tickets in advance. Enjoy the eccentricity of the collection and it's display. Get a free audio tour.
I know individual artworks are considered masterpieces, but this place in itself is a masterpiece.

The collection of Renoir, Matisse, Cezanne, Picasso, and a whole lot more all placed beautifully next to each other in such a small space is something I've never seen before, and truly beautiful and moving.

Be sure to watch the 15 minute video explaining the history of Barnes. I usually don't sit in on these types of videos but this one was fascinating and helped me appreciate the artwork even more.

A+. I'm bringing all my out-of-town guests here. Also, free entry for grad/undergrad students Mon-Fri!

What an experience.
Barnes museum is fabulous. Free first Sundays make it even better. We got there at about 8:10am to get in line for free tickets and we were 5th in line. Line got longer by 8:30, but those people were still getting tickets. They started giving tickets at 9am for 10am admissions. We got our pick of times. 
Download the audio tour for your phone but don't forget to bring headphones. They will also lend you headphones. Mandatory bag and coat check. They'll give you a clear plastic handbag to carry personal belongings if needed.
The collection is impressive. Tons of Renoir. Some Van Gogh, Henri Rousseau, Manet, Degas, and the list goes on.
Beautiful space. Easy navigation. 
Don't cross the lines on the floor! 
You could go through in 2 hours.
So much artwork it may be worth the $20+ admission price, but free is better:)
Having seen "The Art of the Steal", I was prepared to not like the building and to love the brilliant way Barnes displayed the art, which has been copied in the new venue.  I came away with the opposite impression, greatly disliking the way the art is exhibited and admiring the architecture of the building.  The building is fun and modern, the exhibit itself, incredibly confusing and hard to sift through.  

The art is astounding in many, many, cases.  The presentation is a real challenge to the viewer  The paintings aren't labeled, beyond some frames which have the artists name.  An audio guide is available for $5 or as a free app for smart phones.  Each room, and there are many, has copies of a printed guide to the paintings in that particular room.  So to know what you're seeing, you're either working with a guide book which you have to pick up and put back in every single room, or by listening to audio which describes some of the paintings in each room.  In a world where most people are wired 24/7, welcome to the museum where people are plugged in.  It's the only way to identify what your are seeing and It's a lot of work. 

 I know that Barnes wanted people to be educated as a part of viewing the paintings so maybe this is partially accomplished by not labeling the paintings and forcing the use of printed and audio guides.  It also forces the viewer to evaluate the painting on its own terms, rather than knowing upfront that "this is a famous Matisse and you must cherish it".  

There is ongoing controversy about moving the collection to the Parkway, Barnes clearly didn't want this, an argument is that he was holding the art hostage, so why clearly go against his wishes by moving the art, but then pay homage to his original collection by duplicating the way it was displayed in it's original form? If I could hear a lucid explanation of how the current method of display serves either the art or the viewer, I'm all ears.

To me, a trip through the galleries is like a game of duck, duck, goose.  Every few feet is a masterwork, but  surrounded by paintings, above, below, to the right and to the left that are fine works, but not quite as interesting, as striking, or as beautiful as the master work (I know this is my opinion).  This crowding dilutes the effect of the masterwork and pulls focus from a lesser painting that is fine on it's own terms but doesn't quite stand up to the stunning work directly adjoining it.  This non-heirarchy does force the viewer to decide for themselves the quality and effect of what they are looking at, which probably is a good thing, but it exhausted me after an hour.  

There's ample public space in the gallery, but the space doesn't seem to have function other than herding the public in and out of the exhibit area.   Another issue is lighting.  A NYtimes article raved about improved lighting in comparison to the orginal home, but I couldn't see quite a few of the smaller paintings, especially if they were near a corner of the room, or just happened to be out of the light, I couldn't make out much detail at all.  

I think the overall building is well designed, especially the outdoor courtyards/pools.  Indoors, the space seems to break in half.  Really large public rooms that are used to filter people in and out of the overstocked gallery areas.  The public spaces are quite nice but function more as a relief from the exhibit area.  

The big debate was allowing the public easier access the art, vs. honoring the terms of a man's estate.  A higher thought might have been to consider honoring the artist, by giving every piece of art, masterwork or not, some breathing room.  I support many of Barnes' ideas, but I don't believe he knew how to display art in a way that serves either the artist or the patron.  I'd love to read a real un-politicized review of the Barnes in which the reviewer was free of any agenda or influence, but I don't think such a reviewer exists.  Sigh....
Astonishing. While this is an eclectic collection, the core is Impressionists, esp Renoir, Cezanne, and Matisse.  There are so many of these you can eg see how Renoir tried the same scene 2-3 times to tweak the painting. Or how EACH of these three  played with the SAME impressionist painting technique. Or how Renoir tried out different degrees of blurring in various types of his paintings.  You literally SEE these great artists RIFFING on themes and techniques, all in one place and LOTS of this.  I have never had this experience anywhere else, ever. So MAKE time to go here, we drove 4 hours and it was totally worth it. I defy you to find a better collection on the N American continent, possibly the world.
I was really excited about taking my family there and took the day mid-week to visit the museum. I stopped by at 11:00 am to find out you need a reservation to visit-so much for bringing art to the masses, what a scam. I asked the power hungry boys at the ticket counter if I could stop back later to see if there were any openings and they said sure. When I came back they said there were still no reservations available and while we were standing there, an off duty employee marched up to the desk with three out of town friends and the exception was made to them to go in. So, there was not enough space in the museum for 3 paying customers, however, there was plenty of space for four complementary attendees. I complained to management to no avail. Management needs to take a hard look at just how the admittance process is working  and address the issue of traffic flow.
5 stars for Art, but had to leave one out for various reasons. Here it goes ...

It seemed crowded, not that it is their fault, but I had a reservation and was on time, yet we had to wait 30min in line apparently because they were overcrowded. Lets just say I am not ok with that. Then what is the point of reservation? The lack of description by each artwork was also very disappointing. I was not a very big fan of looking at a booklet for names.

Staff seemed a tad rude. No i am not making it up. My work involves interacting with  people, and I am pretty good at telling who is fake service, and who is not.

As for the food in the Barnes restaurant, I ordered Quiche of the Day, Spinach and feta Quiche, with a side of Spring Mix. Yum! But I feel like the controlled elegance and  ridiculous price is a little unnecessary. I get it it should be pricey, but not crazy like this, since the portions aren't anything amazing. But all in all I won't complain too much.

I guess the purpose of this place is Art, and that it does do well! Must GO! [ not on a weekend though, if you like to be left alone with your Art like me] . Lets just say the endless Renoir paintings compensated for everything else that was lacking.
What an incredible collection of art - likely the greatest private collection in the world - displayed uniquely and precisely as Dr. Barnes had - measured down to the inch between pieces. It is eclectic, a word I probably use too often, but apropos in this case.

The collection houses one of the world's largest aggregations of Impressionist, Post-Impressionist and early Modern paintings, plus some African sculpture and some pieces of furniture, hinges (yes, hinges) plus other hardware Dr. Barnes found fascinating and reflective of things / lines / patterns in the paintings. Works by Renoir (181 pieces), Cézanne (69), Matisse (59) as well as Van Gogh, Manet, Degas, Seurat, Prendergast, Titian, and Picasso, and other artists too numerous to list here are displayed throughout the rooms. The dense groupings, hung or laid out in a manner unlike other museums, juxtapose objects from different cultures, time periods, and media, all side by side, in arrangements that Dr. Barnes called his "ensembles." 

Originally, the Barnes Foundation allowed a limited number of public visitors two days a week, as per his will. But visitors were almost second-class citizens compared to the students Dr. Barnes wanted to be able to view his collected works. In addition, implicit in his vision and stated in his will for the works, "The art could not be sold, reproduced, loaned, or traveled." 

But his will was both ignored and overruled and this singularly impressive collection is now open to the general public. It does require a timed reservation (obtained months in advance), and that certainly runs counter to Dr. Barnes' will. {Til death us do part.}

Yes. Yes. Yes. Undoubtedly, this is the most impressive private collection I've ever seen. I speak as a life-long artist, teacher, and traveller. And if my odd comment in brackets at the end of the previous paragraph confounds you, then please watch "The Art of the Steal" (Documentary MAJ Productions available on YouTube and Amazon.)

The history of the collection is mired in controversy, not related to the acquisition of the art by Dr Barnes himself, but, rather with respect to the role of the City of Philadelphia and the moving of the art from the Barnes Collection's original home in Merion, PA, to its present location in Philadelphia.

Regardless, the Barnes Collection is now open to the public and is stunning, mysterious, recondite, and somewhat abstruse in the arrangement of found objects (art in their own right) and universally recognized art masterpieces.

You have to visit only one or two rooms to begin to understand my admiration and appreciation. Visit all of the rooms and you are likely to be overcome with intellectual exhaustion absorbing the breadth of these 4000 objects, including over 900 paintings, valued at more than 25 billion dollars.

Go ahead and be dazzled by the numbers. Better yet, pause and look carefully ... be patient, be awed, and excited, filled with a sense of wonder at this remarkable collection of truly priceless art.
This is a review of the Garden Restaurant at the Barnes foundation, and not of the museum itself.  The museum is great. I recommend it highly.  

The restaurant is a different story. My recommendation is that the management changes the name from Garden Restaurant at the Barnes Museum to the People's Republic Restaurant. Here's why:

Recently, we (party of 2) went to the restaurant when it opened at noon. We asked for a table near the window, in a restaurant that was completely empty except for a party of two who were seated at the end, near the window. The response was very bureaucratic, basically that their policy is to reserve the tables for parties of four.  Okay, no big deal. We're adults and can deal with that.

However, a few minutes later, two parties each of two (with badges--I assume they were staff or donors) were seated at window tables behind a partition next to the entrance.

It's very clear that the restaurant operates by double-standards, a la, Animal Farm, as in, "All animals are equal, but some are more equal than others."  I suppose the next time we go there, we will have to kneel down and pay homage to "Our Dear Leader."  

Note to management: Don't insult your patrons by being duplicitous. Given that they are coming to a fine art museum, it's a fair bet they are educated, intelligent, and articulate..and know how to use social media.

Advice to the museum director: fire the head of the restaurant. He or she is destroying your brand and reputation.
The admissions price really pisses me off - not because the art isn't worth it but because it flies in the face of what the Barnes Foundation is supposed to be - an educational resource for art students first and removing it from the elite. He opened the collection limitedly to the public, for the art, not for profit. If you have to charge so damned much for admission, then maybe it shouldn't have moved. (This is coming from someone that doesn't have a stake in the move, nor really all that much of an opinion other than this particular point.)

Now on to the museum. The building seems an odd structure - very modern looking - given the artwork inside and the original building in which is sat in lower Merion. It's nice, but one that I'd expect for more contemporary art. Once inside, the collection is as it was in lower Merion - beautiful, vast, impressive, and overwhelming. You simply cannot take it all in. Just standing in any given room, your senses will be overloaded. The audio tour is great, but after spending forever listening to much of it for the first floor, we decided just to look at the paintings when we reached the second. Otherwise, we'd never get through! 

After seeing the main part, we took a detour over to the area that details Barnes himself and how he came about his collection. It's a nice little add on but you can do without it. 

I was a little surprised that the day we went there were no tickets available, yet the museum didn't seem very busy at all. One of the cited problems of the old location was that you could only let in a limited number of people, thus not able to collect much from admission. Without the restrictions that go with being located in a residential neighborhood, they should be able to admit many more people. You can decide on your own whether you think that's a good thing or not.
I woke up yesterday morning and was like, "Crap...I have to get to the Barnes before it closes?".  I don't know why I had this instant panic of having to go see it, but obviously it was my tuition telling me time was running out.  Boy was I right.  I went on their website and found only two days were available - yesterday and June 11th...and June 11th is no good for my schedule.  After this month, the Barnes is closing its doors :-(   

Yes, I did just use an emoticon in my review...

I took the last appointment of the day...  which was at 4 PM and the Barnes closes at 5 PM.  This was kismet that I was able to score the las 

I was morally opposed to buying a parking pass for $15 so I parked down the block for free and had a lovely 10 minute walk to the museum.  The grounds are beautiful and I wish I had known to go earlier to have more time to explore the outside.  Lady Barnes started the arboretum there and when the Barnes moves to the city next year, the grounds are still going to be a learning facility for horticulture.  

I entered the museum and purchased the audio tour.  It was crowded for being so late in the day and I understand why they do the appointments.  Security is serious up in here!  You have to put all your bags in the basement lockers and there is tape on the floor preventing you from getting close to the wall.

I have to preface that I am not a huge fan of impressionist paintings.  In fact, I kind of loathe them.  I know they were edgy when they were first coming to life, but now they seem like safe art.  I never understood what was so great about Cezanne - his colors and strokes are ugly to me.  I will say that Renoir on the other hand stole my heart.  Then again, he loved Rubenesque redheads, so why wouldn't this Rebenesque redhead love him back.  I really loved the Degas sketches.  I found these to be beautifully composed.  I loved the huge Matisse wall painting in the main gallery.  Also wonderful were the Van Gogh's and Picasso's.  I did appreciate the audio tour helping me see the importance of pairing the paintings together.  I am afraid of what will become of these compositions in the new museum.  

The second floor was already closed and a lot of the paintings were missing for conservation or out on loan. Even still, I am glad I went.  I am sure it is too late for everyone else.
I live in Philly, and I support the move, but I have to say, I'm so glad I saw it out here before it did.  The lack of stupid identifying cards for the work is refreshing.  The paintings are allowed to speak for themselves, and they do.  The collection itself is amazing, a summary of modern art resides in this building, collected and organized not by time or artist but by visual complement.

I went to Rome this summer, and experienced displays of art like I never thought I would see in the US, but who knew?  It was in this suburb all along.  The house is packed, wall-to-ceiling, just like the gorgeous palazzos in Italy.  The display may seem overwhelming at first, but it is truly European, far more interesting to me than the typical set up in museums today.  There's a reason Matisse thought it was the only sane place in the US to view art.  I only hope they keep it up in the new building!
I visited the museum today w my husband and some old friends. We are all in our mid sixties and have traveled extensively. The art was beautiful and all that we expected especially the impressionist work. 
Unfortunately the museum itself was disappointing. I appreciate the attempt to remain consistent w how this collection was created and displayed in the original location in Merion. This museum was not how Dr Barnes wanted his legacy represented. Apparently he never wanted his collection housed or viewed in a museum but at his school in Merion. It was rather sad to see the collection removed from the Foundation. 
Additionally there was little effort made to help a visitor even know anything about the work or how it was collected much less about this particular building. We paid a hefty admission fee and received no guide to the museum.
The most irritating and distracting problem was the security staff. They continuously walked between the visitor and the artwork while making up silly rules for folks to follow. My friend had worn a light jacket and removed it and tied it around her waist- a security guard warned her that the jacket could only be tied around her neck! Really? There were lines drawn on the floor that visitors were told not to cross; when my friend was discussing a particular piece she pointed to the painting and a security woman rushed over to advise my friend that her finger had crossed the line and she must stop immediately! 
We will likely never return to this museum. It was too difficult to focus on the work while trying to avoid interacting w the security.
I came here while visiting a friend in Philly. The museum is an architect marvel. The outside is very sleek and modern. The inside contains well preserved art from some of the most talented Impressionist and Modernist artists. Quite a rich collection of lesser known paintings. 

While browsing through the museum, I felt like there was continuity throughout the various rooms. I liked the contrast between the paintings and the metal work that Barnes collected. I thought it was a very creative juxtaposition. 

This is probably one of my top five favorite museums. I highly recommend this place if you are in the area. Well worth the trip.
I recently revisited the Barnes and had a significantly better experience. 

The new Barnes Focus app is game-changing. It allows museum goers to use their phone to scan any piece of art, and the app will show artist and date painted. Most also have a little write-up detailing the piece. It was fun to learn about Soutine, Glackens, and some of the other more obscure artists whose works Barnes collected. The app is surprisingly robust! I only had to refresh it a few times and could scan pieces from just about any angle. Make sure to pack a phone battery charger though; the app drains battery life at an alarming rate. On the day we visited, there were also some enthusiastic young employees giving talks about some of the more obscure pieces in the collection.  

The museum now feels much more in line with Dr. Barnes' mission to educate the masses about art. I certainly learned a lot more this time, and I felt that the high price of admission was much more justified.
Ok, listen. I saw "The Art of the Steal" and I'm just as pissed off as the next person about the museum being moved to Center City to become a cash cow and tourist attraction. It is greedy, disrespectful, and simply unethical. But, let's face it, this was inevitable, especially in a cash-strapped, corrupt city like Philly.

But put that aside, come in with a fresh mind, and the museum will blow you away. Start by reading a bit about Alfred Barnes and the history behind the collection. Learn about his eccentricities and his reasons behind creating such an esoteric arrangement of these paintings.

The first thing people need to realize is that Barnes didn't want this to be a "museum." It's a collection that originally existed for educational purposes. He arranged the art in his own way so that students could learn how the paintings compare and contrast. The crazy arrangements are part of this experience and they are a big part of what makes the collection great.

The sheer size of the collection is astounding: Van Gogh, Renoir, Cezanne, Picasso, El Greco, it goes on and on. Barnes was collecting these paintings when everyone else in the United States were writing them off as trash.

Definitely watch the movie "The Collector" which they show throughout the day at the museum. You can also watch it on Hulu.
-CLOSED ON TUESDAYS!
-Check website before going as they sometimes close for private events.
-They do examine your bags at the front and will likely make you check oversize items. 

Marvelous collection with a fascinating and controversial history.

STORY: This collection (belonging to the late Dr. Barnes) was originally housed in Merion, PA. Dr. Barnes had a very specific vision for his collection (from the salon-style way it is displayed to an explicit ban on any sort of sale, reproduction, loan, or transport). It was subsequently moved to its current location despite what was stated in Dr. Barnes' will. There is a documentary on the topic called "The Art of the Steal." 

ART: Amazing collection. I'm not huge on Impressionist and Post-Impressionist art overall but I do enjoy portraits in these styles. The human face is always more interesting to me than a landscape especially when certain liberties are taken. There were plenty of incredible portraits to see here. The collection is just stunning in its magnitude. There were upwards of 160 Renoirs (I'm fine if I never see another Renoir again, haha), Cezanne, Degas, Gauguin, Van Gogh, Monet, Manet, Matisse, Rousseau, Modigliani, Picasso. There were also a few much older pieces, from the 15th and 16th centuries (a couple pieces of religious art, an El Greco, a Tintoretto, etc). What makes it really special is the way that it's curated (spoiler alert: it's not organized by artist). I think Barnes wanted to really compare the styles of these artists and it worked. After a while, I no longer needed to look at the artist plate on the frame and could often recognize whose work it was. That was pretty cool since I'm not an art buff (although I certainly enjoy it). Additionally, the metal trinkets on the wall (hinges, locks, tools) were a nice touch. They do have special exhibits here as well. There was a contemporary video artist being shown - a brief but interesting and compelling exhibit. 

INFORMATION: No captions here. They honored Barnes' vision in regard to the salon-style arrangement of the art. To get more info, you have several options. You can take a tour. If you want to take the self-guided route, they have guidebooks in every room that have a legend that corresponds to the art. There is also an app that allows you to scan the painting with your phone to get more information. It sounded really easy to use but I didn't want to drain my phone's battery.

PRICE: $25 for adults. Pretty steep. Discounts available for youth, seniors, college students, military, teachers.

FOOD: There is a full restaurant on site. We had a lunch spot in mind so we skipped it and got a snack downstairs at the café instead. It was surprisingly vegan friendly as they had a pita and hummus dish. 

GIFT SHOP: A good selection of items. Saw a few cute and unique pieces.

BATHROOMS: Surprisingly nice. Very private. Heavy doors that meet the floor so you are really disconnected from the rest of the room (which is rare). There's even a private sink in there. Essentially, perfect for anything other than #1. :)
Dazzling.  Nearly overwhelming.  An inconceivable amount of art set in a modestly scaled, beautifully designed building.  The challenge is that nearly everything is worth your attention, and the salon-style presentation makes it difficult to prioritize.

I've never seen anything like it.

Regarding the staff: I found everyone to be perfectly--maybe even exceedingly--pleasant.  I'm guessing something's changed since the rash of complaints listed below.
This review is submitted by someone who was admittedly a Barnes, Merion snob.
That changed 13 months ago when I visited on one of the free Sundays and became an instant fan of Barnes, Parkway. Feb 7,2015 was my 3rd of 3 free visits. Today, I forked over the cash to become a member and I am proud to say I am now a Barnes, Parkway snob.  
This art lover has had her dreams fulfilled. Stunning architecture to house incredible works of post-Impressionist and some works of modern art. The lighting is much better than in Merion and thus your viewing enjoyment is greatly enhanced. And they stuck to Albert Barnes' vision in displaying it much the same as it was in Merion, for all to see. Today's visit was to the Glackens exhibition which in and of itself was divine.  
Twice I've had the opportunity to dine at the Garden Restaurant which is minimalist and pretty in its decor with wide, tall windows in which to blend with the outdoors, in season. The seasonal food was very good and beautifully presented. Can't wait to dine there again when spring has sprung!
Yes, I will return to Merion as they have the wonderful arboretum and they offer classes. But, as a reformed Barnes, Merion purist my heart dances when I see the Renoirs', Cézanne's, Matisse's and Degas' beautifully on display in this new venue
We really like this museum. Today we viewed paintings of Berthe Morisot, a woman impressionist. Who would have thought. Similar to Cassatt. Her paintings were wonderful and representative of the French movement. She was married to Manet's brother which might explain some of the style similarities.

We enjoyed it. I thought it was interesting all of her paintings of people were of women or girls. The only male in her work was her husband. Ok with me - just reporting. 

Afterwards we moved through the entire museum. So many works of Renoir, Cezanne and others. Even Klee. Quite an eclectic collection. 

Highly recommend a visit.

Mark
I will mention that my visit to the Barnes Foundation was paid for by the in-laws and we attended a special event with wine and snacks. That being said, I would have been glad to have attended this museum with or without the free wine and dine. Nevertheless, the Barnes is a breathtaking museum with famous artists such as Matisse, Picasso Van Gogh all cramped in a 45 min walking tour. My only recommendation is to have more information displayed on each painting, but given there's so much density of amazingness, I guess having a middle island of the information packet is sufficent.

Seriously, the Barnes is no joke and I strongly recommend visiting one of the best museums in Philly.
Wow. I heard incredible things about the Barnes Museum, but was simply floored by what I saw. The collection was simply breathtaking. The museum is filled with some of the most influential impressionist and modernist paintings in European and American art. The architecture of the new home for the collection is beautiful, and incredibly calming. The collection is incredibly extensive - make sure you carve out at least a few hours to savor the incredible art housed within. Alfred Barnes had incredible taste, and even the arrangements of the art was carefully orchestrated. Do not miss this incredible Philadelphia gem.
^ 5 stars & worth it to visit this art gallery if 1) you're a student (w/ valid id) and 2) it's a weekday bc then the admission is free. Otherwise, you have to pay $10 if you're a student visiting on a weekend or $25 if you're an adult. I would say the gallery is rather small to justify the hefty $25 fee, which, I gather, has led to the dissatisfaction of some reviewers.

Outside Barnes is quite beautiful and a great place to take artsy pictures. I really like how Barnes organized his collection. He didn't conform to the usual criterion of genre and time period to separate the artwork but juxtaposed pieces from the 1600s and 1900s in a way that made sense to him. I loved listening to the audio. I loved how the rooms were quite small, with a bench in the middle. You sit down and you're only 3 feet away from the artwork. There are no labels below each painting (the pieces are explained in a booklet you can find in a slot in the bench), so the ensemble of paintings really exude an organic feel to them.

There's a cafe and a complimentary coatcheck and seriously nice bathrooms (each individual stall has its own sink & mirror) in the basement. 

I do have to mention, though, some of the rude staff that we encountered during our visit. One security person practically yelled at visitors to stay at least a foot away from the artwork. Then, another staff member said with a glare, "I'm talking here" when we unintentionally interrupted him. I thought it was odd to face these experiences at a place like Barnes.

But overall, come if you can avoid the regular admission price; you won't be disappointed!
This is a sin! I understand that the artwork is amazing, however there are other reasons that this deserves one star. Having been to his house in Merion quite a few times, I loved it. The paintings were spectacular. SPECTACULAR! They weren't even behind glass! Mr. Barnes write in his will that he didn't want his collection to turn into a museum for the public, but instead remain a school for art students. This was against his will! Also, if you are going to do this, you would think that maybe they would make the galleries larger than the original home to accommodate the increasing amount of visitors. Nope! The exterior in an extremely modern building that does not in any way compliment the interior. 5 stars for art and 3 for the average service, but if you have been to the barnes in merion, i would;t recommend going here. In fact, I had to leave because it made me sick. Not the food or anything, but the thought of doing this. Yup, this is the house in merion plopped inside a modern shell. If you have not been the the merion location, this is not a location you will want to miss. If  you have, I wouldn't recommend going.
Amazing space, unbelievable collection.  I really enjoyed the experience.  However, there are some kinks they need to work out in the entrance process.

You need to buy tickets in advance so we had ours reserved for 1:30pm.  You can print them at home but we forgot so it was no problem to have them printed at the main entrance (a little building outside the main galleries).  They told us we could walk in and bypass the front desk since we already had our tickets.  We walked in, marveling at the building.  Before you enter the galleries there is a huge room with benches and on one side a kiosk to get iPods to hear the audio tour.  A volunteer directed us to the iPod stand but failed to tell us that we needed to pay for the audio tour/iPod rental at the front desk.  So after waiting in line for the iPods, you had to go back to the front desk and wait in a different line.  If you are going to bother to have volunteers and guards directing people, you should have them explain the protocol.  Also, you don't even NEED to rent the iPod if you have your own iPhone or iPod touch with you as you can download a free app with it.  

The audio tour really added a lot to our visit and I highly recommend it.  So my words of wisdom are:
1 - if you have an iPhone/iPod Touch/Android, bring it fully charged with headphones and you can download the Barnes Foundation app ahead of time.  If you forget, you can download it using the Barnes public wifi.  You can borrow headphones free of charge.
2- if you are going to purchase the iPod rental, it's $5 and you need to provide a major credit card at the front desk which you will present at the iPod kiosk. 

Regarding the previous posts about being rushed through the collection ... this was not an issue for us at all.  I am not sure how it could be ... you can go through the collection "in order" or not.  There is a restaurant and a coffee shop/gift shop so you can take a break from viewing in one of those spots.  Once you are in, I don't see how you could be rushed out.

Oh... there are two audio tours, Masterworks and a Family Tour.  There are many pieces featured in Masterworks and only about a dozen (?) in the Family Tour.  I have kids (who were not with me) so I was curious about the Family Tour and listened to a few of the descriptions.  Seemed great for an older child (8+) but if you are considering bringing children, you should know that some of the gallery rooms are small and the ensembles include furniture, ceramics, etc. that are on the floor and within reach.  I know they would be extremely tempting to a younger child so I'd leave the small kids at home.
How incredible that Philadelphia become home to one of the art world's richest splendors! This collection of impressionist, post-impressionist, and modernist masterpieces is so incredible and breathtaking. The collection serves as the legacy of the imperious altruist Albert C. Barnes. His unique character is enchantingly detailed in this space. 

Visiting the Barnes Foundation museum located along Ben Franklin Parkway in Center City is a truly amazing experience - a must see for natives of Philly and visitors. I came here with my parents after my dad received an admission for each of us as a holiday gift from a colleague. The 93,000-square-foot, two-story building preserves the scale, proportion, and configuration of the original Barnes' collection that was located in Merion, PA. It is evident how every aspect of the museum's design followed intensive study of the original architecture and collection but for relevance and not simply reproduction.

I highly recommended visitors to do the audio tour which uses iPod touch players; using it felt like stepping into a classroom at each available paintings or ensemble. It was educational without being overwhelming. Given that not all works are provided an explanation or background on the audio tour, you are left plenty of room for self-interpretation, imagination, and reflection. Take your time walking around the rooms. The museum holds the world's largest collection of Renoirs. His paintings are, unsurprisingly, my favorite next to the Cezanne and Prendergast pieces.  I also encourage visitors to take a look back from the doorway of the room at the symmetry of form and content. A placement of craft furniture, functional metal arts, textiles, and utilitarian objects along with the paintings is unlike anything I've ever seen before and it completely heightens the designs and themes.
Welcome to the enshrinement of the ego of Mr. Barnes, whose estate has encased masterworks according to the a single businessman's imposed contexts. Wonder aloud "why are these rooms so small?"as you enter the main collection of deliberately cramped rooms, juxtaposed to the surrounding open spaces of the rest of the museum. listen to the patrons and docents talk at ballpark volume. Groan and curse the world that has allowed the juvenile principles of symmetry and composition of form to be put on display in a namesake museum that drowns out what the artists themselves intended... Unless of course if they relate to the voracious appetite of Barnes's art buying. 

This museum is a shrine to the achievement of buying and displaying art, not the art itself.
Went to the Barnes with out of town guests on Sunday May 27th. I had made reservations for 2:00pm entry back in March. Once we got near the museum there was absolutely no parking available close to the museum. Then we had to wait in line to pick up tickets for 45 minutes. I don't understand why they couldn't have been mailed since the reservation was made back in March. We made it inside the museum just in time for our 2:00pm reservation and there was mass confusion at the door. We were finally given small white pieces of paper that said we couldn't enter until 4:00pm. We had to wait TWO hours to get in. Every time we asked someone that worked there what the problem was we were given a different explanation. None of them had the slightest idea of what to do. With a year to prepare you would think they would have some sort of training for the worker/volunteers. Then we finally were able to get into the gallery, we were very disappointed they didn't have the audio tour headphones that they use to have in Merion. Then we couldn't believe we were told once admitted we had to be out in one hour. There are over 20 rooms packed with art and we had to race through not being able to appreciate anything on display. Then after an hour were herded like cattle out the door. I WOULD STRONGLY ADVISE STAYING AWAY FROM THIS CIRCUS UNTIL THEY APOLOGIZE PUBLICLY AND ARE ABLE TO RUN THE BARNES AS A MUSEUM AND NOT EXPRESS ART!!!
