In the market for some penis pasta? Looking for the perfect boob candle for a romantic evening in? How about some edible undies? You'll find them all here.

Yep, it's in a basement, which is probably the un-sexiest place I can think of. And sure, most of the minuscule inventory is dedicated to bondage gear - not that there's anything wrong with that. What's that, you ask? You're looking for a slutty French maid's outfit and you want to spend more than $30? Score one for The Pleasure Chest!

The staff were in full swing the day I went in with the boy, talking up products and cracking jokes. I got a good sales pitch about the naughty bits cake pans (perfect for those occasions when you just can't figure out what to bring to the bake sale) but walked out of there empty handed. Maybe they would be adequate for a porn emergency, but I'll save my allowance for other toy stores.
I have passed by this store on my bus ride home for several years. I have always been interested in going inside to look around and purchase personal items because reviews said the store was helpful and professional, but was honestly very embarrassed and never had the time. I finally got the nerve to go inside today, and will never do it again. Inside the small store were two employees and a couple shopping for personal devices which one employee was showing them. When I entered, the unoccupied employee came up to me and asked to hold my shopping bag from a previous store while I shopped. I complied willingly with the fair request, recognizing its loss prevention value. Both employees, though busy with other tasks, continued to periodically look over at me as I looked around, though I gave it no notice at the time. I looked around for about ten minutes, wanting mostly to be undisturbed as I still felt embarrassed to be there. Deciding on an item I wanted to purchase, I picked up the box and stood around waiting for the previous couple to finish with their purchase, never staying more than 5 feet from the counter. When I came up to the counter to check out, the employee took my credit card information and ID, and then suddenly said she needed a moment and asked her junior associate to watch the desk. She then walked behind a screen just out of view, and proceeded to very loudly talk on the phone to the owner accusing me of shoplifting the item I was trying to purchase, as apparently the seal on the box had been broken. The other couple was still in the store, as were new customers who had walked in after me, and they were clearly listening in on the phone conversation. When the first employee reemerged she said "You can either turn out your pockets and give back the item you stole, or we can call the police". I was very angry, mostly out of embarrassment for all of the attention that was being drawn to me, and I indicated to the employees I had not stolen anything, and they confiscated my bag when I entered the store, but they insisted it was in my pockets. Embarrassed and upset, I turned put all of my empty pockets, and when they continued to insist I had the item I asked them to call the police as I hadn't stolen anything and asked them to check the security camera. The employee disappeared again to "call the owner", and I asked the other employee why I would attempt to pay for an item I had stolen to which she had no response. Eventually, the first employee returned and had the nerve to say this was "very upsetting" for them, and that this course of action was the result of explicit instructions from the owner on how to handle situations like this. This should have been a misunderstanding, but because the owner's innappropropriate and illogical operating protocols, I was humiliated in front of other customers while I was trying to shop for sensitive items. 

I will not shop here again and I will not recommend this store to my friends. I knew I should have just shopped online for the same items and saved myself the embarrassment and unwelcome atmosphere of visiting this store.
I researched this place before I went actually and it was not at all what I was hoping for. I'm used to shops like Babeland and I was hoping to find a similar woman friendly sex toy shop in Philly. There are other Pleasure Chest in other major cities which are nice, but this didn't fit the bill. 

When you walk in you have to go down a flight of stairs because it's in a basement. There were a lot of novelties around, but for some reason it was giving off the shadiest vibes and the person working there seemed like a total creepo. They didn't have very good prices and their bondage section (not that I am against s&m) was a little much. It's just weird to have such a small store with such an extensive collection or hardcore bondage supplies. 

Not the place for me. I guess next time we'll be checking out somewhere else.
Employees were extremely rude. I was hoping for a woman friendly toy store, but this isn't it. They had a very small selection, and when I was trying to examine some of the items, the employees kept staring at me. I could pretty much feel their eyes on my back. It was very uncomfortable and made me feel really unwelcomed. I had told them that I didn't need help shortly after I came in, as I mostly like to shop by myself, especially in stores like this. Definitely will take my business elsewhere.
Going over lunch...definitely an adult store and not a toy store, though maybe a "toy" store.
I would not recommend this shop the two ladies that where working today had a miserable welcoming and where extremely unpleasant to talk to I can't imagine asking them about sex toys.. The worst experience!
The store may be a little small, but they have a huge selection with competitive prices. Very knowledgable and helpful staff make shopping a real pleasure.
While shopping for a bachelorette party & goody bag for my bride friend, the Pleasure Chest had everything I needed & then some.

The two ladies behind the counter were friendly and non-obtrusive.  They answered such questions as, "Does this burn?" and, "Does this taste good?" with aplomb.  They mastered the whole non-judgement zone attitude, making for a pleasurable shopping experience.

As for the products, they had tons of naughty party favors* and gag gifts, including games - hello, penis pick up sticks - up front.  While the, ahem, larger items were stowed in the rear, opposite the bondage wall.  

Edible panties?  Check.  A rainbow of massage oils?  Check, check.  Vegan, organic lubricants?  How thoughtful!  Check, check, check.  The basement level shopping area provided a welcome shield of anonymity, unless you want to be seen with a pile full of sex paraphernalia.

*Phallic & mammary cake pans, lollipops, cookie cutters, whistles, confetti, small candies, blow up toys, etc.

-Visa & MasterCard accepted-
Although I have been there a few times , I will not go back. Today, one of the girls (the more manager type one) gave me such a hard time about using a credit card with my son's name on it despite 1. using it before and they got their money 2. the account is in MY name but card has his name as a way for me to allow him to use MY ACCOUNT and his card has EXACT same account numbers as the card with MY name on it (that just wasn't in my wallet then).  That said, she accused me: "What you are doing is against the law" (completely false) and when I tried to explain to her that it WAS, in fact, MY account, not my son's and not against the law, she BARKED at me, REALLY OBNOXIOUSLY, " I really don't want to hear it" (nice!). Finally, she BARKED just give me your driver's license and spoke to me in the MOST ABUSIVE tone of voice and attitude. I wanted my purchase or I would have walked out the door right then. Kind of an S and M treatment, and as a paying customer, that was completely unwarranted. UGH.
I love my local sex shop. Who even gets to say that. I love that it is a neighborhood establishment, I love the owners holiday/seasonal flags, and I love its adorable window displays. Artful and sexy, just one of the fine lines the pleasure chest dances on so well. 

 I have a very low tolerance for invasive sales people, especially in a sensitive environment such as a sex shop, doubly so when said shop is such an intimate space (lol). Its a small spot, but what it lacks in sq footage it makes up for in educated, knowledgeable, unobtrusive staff and an extremely well curated stock.I can easily see how the Pleasure Chest would be hard to set foot in initially, but do yourself the favor and stop by. 

 I'm a scientist by trade and I've learned more about my intimate areas and what to lubricate them with from these ladies than a lifetime of blog reading and gynecological visits (and truth be told so much of that information is flat out WRONG!). I had been plagued with UTIs and yeast infections for the later years of my 20s, but after Laurens recommended lube switches (one for front and one for back door use) I am haunted no longer. Honestly, people. This lady changed my life. 

Not only that, but the stores brand of service is right up my alley, completely non invasive (browse the interesting wares at your leisure!),  but ready with ANY information you could request. It is a REALLY fine line, and all the ladies there walk it with grace and poise. Grace Kelly would have shopped here. For cereal. Again, the pleasure chest, like so many of the vibes it sells, is small and mighty and the service is served up Goldilocks style. JUST. RIGHT.
This place is way passed its prime.  It's been around since the late eighties - and back then was one of the only "Adult" shops around.  Frankly, I can't believe they are still here.  

But yes, you can stock up on toys and party favors here - and other "naughty bits".

And yes, it is in the BASEMENT - and theirs just something psychological for me about going DOWN into a sex shop.  (Ba dum, bump!)
As it were, me and some friends rolled in, cis gender and a perhaps not the ideal customers. We were greeted with the friendliest and most helpful service we could ask for.
  Attempting to purchase a birthday present for a good friend, the staff seamlessly steered us around the store and offered only the most honest and constructive advice. 10/10 would shop again and would engage in conversation as the recommendations were not only sound but thoroughly apt. Thank you Pleasure Chest.
I've been to the Pleasure Chest in Chicago and was expecting the same out of this store, so I was a bit disappointed. I was expecting a larger selection of toys than they had. They did have a nice selection of party favor type stuff, but I didn't need that. Overall, the store sort of felt oddly empty, like they were about to get restocked or something. The staff was nice and not creepy, which is a big plus at stores like this.
Great selection of various products. Although not a large place, but very quaint and boutique style! The young woman was very good at recommending ideas and items!! All sales are final!
The staff is super helpful and welcoming. Great selection of products. Thank you! Dont be shy to ask any questions, staff is very knowledgable and happy to help.
Though I am not a frequent yelper... after my visit to the Pleasure Chest last week I feel compelled to share my outstanding experience! I live in Queen Village not far from South Street with a plethora of sex shops at my fingertips and nothing compares to the Pleasure Chest. 

Though I am no stranger to sex shops they still aren't places that I frequent very often, and the store associate Lauren seemed to understand this and know just the way to help me decide on my purchases. Lauren was impressively knowledgeable about all of the items I was considering but was also intuitive enough to know when to not be overbearing. Her professionalism and salesmanship put me at ease and I was able to find the perfect item for myself. 

I will definitely be back to the Pleasure Chest, this little basement sex shop is a true Rittenhouse gem!
Don't know why there are so many neg reviews, but this place was helpful, professional and awesome. Both people working there were super helpful with me and my two friends picking out toys (well, the friends were browsing, but alas, besides the point). 
Totally awesome guy with lots of piercings had great insight for the sex toys I was looking at, and the girl that worked there knew a lot about one model I was looking at (that was quite expensive) and actually encouraged me NOT to buy it due to some fatal design flaws.
All in all, MUCH appreciated the friendliness of the staff and selection! Good choice of rabbits, g spot, strap ons, lubes, whatnot. AND they had some sales on items that I had seen at other stores for much more money.
