The Comcast HD wall is one of the world's largest LED screens and quite frankly, pretty cool! Their holiday show is a part of our family's annual Philly Holiday tour! We've been coming here to view this awesome FREE show since the very first year it opened back in 2008 and we still enjoy it very much. We think you will too if haven't been already. 

The show itself hasn't changed much nor have the crowds diminished over the years, but we still come and cram in to watch the 15 minute show filled with everything you need to get you into the holiday spirit such as The Twelve Days of Christmas, dancing penguins, caroling, winter sleigh rides and my favorite part, The Nutcracker which is performed by The Pennsylvania Ballet. Oh, and the aerial scenes over Philly are really cool too! Make sure you stay to the end as there's some magical snow fall kiddos will love!

The holiday show runs from Thanksgiving to New Years at the top of each hour from 10am-8pm everyday except at 5pm on weekdays. 

We usually try to arrive early or make our way up front where parents and their wee ones usually grab a seat on the floor. Standing visitors stay towards the back. 

We usually visit here after a trip to Macy's, Rothman Rink and Christmas Village! We park once and walk to each location or Uber it to one and walk the rest. It all makes for a truly, lovely day in the city!
OK, this was cool. I was in Philadelphia just for the day on business and walking in my monkey suit with a colleague into the Comcast Center for an appointment. It turns out we were a bit early, so he excused himself to make a few calls. I was left to wait in the Winter Garden lobby. Lo and behold, I saw a huge widescreen that just blew me away. Oh the glory of high definition resolution.

It turns out to be the largest four-millimeter LED screen in the world. Stretching 83.3 feet wide and 25.4 feet high, the 2,100 square-foot video wall conforms with the tall doorways to the elevators and shows some sensational images - just about anything from a montage of Philadelphia to the expanding universe - all produced specifically for this venue. You really have to see it to believe it. Take a look at the photo gallery to get some idea. Or better yet, how about this video clip...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WSRcDrCse7c
Some people go to Vegas to watch the Bellagio fountains, I go to Philadelphia to stare at the HD Video Wall in the Comcast Building.

You can see the Video Wall from blocks away. The ever changing screen really pulls you in. What is it? There are people sculptures in mid air. The guy in the suit? He looks like Barack. I'd recommend visiting the Comcast Building/Video Wall at night when there is no glare from the daytime brightness. Plus there are less people going in and out. There is no office hour hustle and bustle. There is just peace and endless entertainment.

Each snippet of video is a feast for the eyes from montages of cities and travels through space to the making of a grand piano and aerial dancing. I watched the show for about half an hour before I had to go. If given the time, I would sit in the Winter Garden and just stare at the Video Wall in a trance. I once watched six Bellagio fountain shows in a row. I could totally get into the Video Wall. It's free entertainment and there are tables and seats provided which make viewing even more comfortable and enticing.

The Comcast Building is the tallest building in Philadelphia and has definitely become a landmark. The Video Wall is unique and offers 3D like imagery. What is presented on the wall is five times greater than HD. If you are impressed with watching the sweat fly off of athlete's faces on tv, then you will be blown away by the Video Wall. Plus it's an illusion. You may think you're staring at the wall but it's really an LED screen (and the largest in the world). It's like magic and its beautiful.
Guaranteed to provide hours of entertainment (no, seriously... we quite literally sat here for -hours- checking people into Yelp's Spring Feastival downstairs).

... and possibly cause some slight disorientation and nausea due to its mind-blowingly IMAX-like clarity and size.

P.S.  Does anyone know what that gigantic house that's sometimes shown is?  I'll take two of those to go, please.
It's an 85x23 foot TV screen. With 5x the clarity of HD.  It has a literally awesome depth illusion and renders macro images beautifully. And when I say "macro", I mean both the photographic close-ups meaning AND the super-large-scale, views-from-the-space-shuttle meaning. In addition to nature video, there's also a lot of fun, custom content, like Comcast employees strolling and dancing across the wall. Between scenes, the screen projects wood paneling that almost perfectly matches the rest of the actual wall.

DEFINITELY worth planning to stop in for a couple minutes if you're downtown, although I'm willing to bet that you'll stand there transfixed and entertained for much longer than you intended! :)


TRIVIA: A tiny statue of William Penn was installed on the top beam of the building. It was intended to break the "Curse of Billy Penn", a 20-year dearth of major-league sports championships reputedly due to the statue of William Penn on city hall being exceed by One Liberty Place as the highest point in the city. 16 months after installation at the top of the even-taller Comcast Center, it was successful - the Phillies won the 2008 World Series.
When you don't pay for your video, Comcast isn't giving you the good stuff. I still love to come here to see the HD Video Wall, despite the content of the shows they put out. Hope springs eternal. Come on, Comcast, I know you are up to the challenge and can produce a more lively holiday show than the 2015 holiday one I just saw. Okay, it started out on a decent note, with short rendition of the Nutcracker. But then the horror kicked in, with endless close ups of the skaters faces. Er... is there a reason I want to look at some grinning stranger for agonizing minutes? I think Mads Mikkelsen is wow and I don't even want to stare at his face projected onto a large screen. I'd opt for Comcast just showing Christmas traditions all around the world. What a great screen to show different countries bedecked for Christmas. Instead I was subjected to more strangers smiling and skating and instruments projected onto the wall. I tried to escape after a few minutes but was hemmed in by the wall of watchers. I surmised the adults were either drugged or just plain asleep. I pitied the guards who had to watch this over and over again. The Holiday show verdict?  Great for very young kids. Very good for adults with insomnia.
I was in town for a football game and decided to check this place out since it was a must see for the Holiday season. I will say it didn't disappoint! The show is free, located in lobby of the Comcast building, runs every hour except at 5pm and it lasted about 15 minutes. 

The show is projected on the lobby walls and is visually stunning. At some point snow men pop out of the sides and they actually make it snow. If you are in town around the holidays it is a must see!
OK, so Comcast has redeemed themselves a bit in my eyes.  Like anyone else living in Philadelphia, I have has my moments when I HATE Comcast.  That aside, I just took my 16 month old daughter to the 2012 Holiday Show. . . 

It takes place in the Comcast Center's main lobby, on the high definition screens.  It's free.  It takes place at the top of every hour during the day and takes about 15 minutes beginning to end.  I went on a Sunday at noon and its wasn't terribly crowded.

I thought it was pretty amazing.  Singing snowmen, a children's choir, the Philly skyline, the snowy view from a sleigh ride and even Santa in his sleigh make an appearance.  I enjoyed it and I am pretty sure my daughter did too.  The resolution is amazing.  A "real" Santa even made an appearance at the end.

I think this will become a new holiday tradition.
I've come to this skyscraper multiple times since it has opened up.  It has a beautiful huge lobby that when you enter and look up, you will see metal beams going across in different directions.  On them, are statues of people looking like they are walking.  Straight ahead when you enter above the elevators is a huge screen that you cannot see until a picture appears.

The shows they have here are impressive in that it makes you think how they go about doing the screen.  It looks like one giant screen but the videos they display make it look like smaller rectangular screens that make up one large screen.  It might be hard to explain but it is impressive.

The holiday light show, however, was undewhelming.  It starts at the top of the hour everyday from starting around 10am maybe.  It lasts about 15-20 minutes.  It has cool special effects, songs, and some impressive light visuals.  But that is about it.  Nothing overly impressive but it is not a bad show.
It's hard to be unbiased about this display when we all pay an arm and a leg for cable, internet, phone and the like - but this set-up is pretty impressive, it is one of a kind, you can't deny that.

The screen itself is really something to behold.  The colors, clarity and the size of it all, it's all very "Back to the Future". (I'm dating myself, here, aren't I?)  Sometimes they show a sports game, or do some cool visual stunts and it's something you'd expect in the lobby of a place that gouges its customers like Comcast.

Diatribes aside, the holiday show, in particular,  is a really nice added bonus, and like others have said and like the light show at the Wanamaker Building before it,  it has become a holiday tradition for families, including mine.  The whole show is much better suited for kids, but people of all ages and those kid-like too, can enjoy the show.   Music is great, they feature local Philadelphia dancers and performers and as one flies over the night city skyline,  it's fine holiday fun. The show has even added snow, spot lights, and better sound. Santa makes a cameo, live!, at the end.  The show is featured at the top of the hour, from Thanksgiving until the second week in January.  

It's worth a gander, and should be part of your holiday activities.  Actually, the proper holiday Center City tour actually goes like this:  Comcast center holiday show, walk east through Love Park and the tree, cross 15th street, meander through the Christmas village around City Hall and Dillworth Plaza, make your way to Macy's, catch the holiday show -  and let the visions of sugar plums dance in [your] heads!
This is probably the coolest thing you'll ever see in a lobby.  I really love that if you come at the right time, it just looks like a regular wall.  

All of the sudden, a guy drops down in a trapeze!  What are you doing, man??  Where did you come from?  He and a few friends will swing around for a while before the entire wall changes to a waterfall.  

The resolution and size of this wall are truly impressive.  It's free, and it's a great place to swing by if you're in Center City.  I've seen it a few times and still think it's impressive.
It makes it difficult to enjoy this lobby when I know my ridiculously high cable/internet/phone bill goes to pay for it.
Took el Kiddo (who is now 9) back to Comacst for the Christmas 2013 show - and it was very nice this year.  Some parts were the same as in prior year's and at least one segment seemed new.

The show is once per hour (sit on the floor unless you are lucky enough to snag a bench) and lasts about 18 minutes.

Free and fun for kids and families.
It's cool and it's free... why not check it out?  They change the content frequently and have a great show for the end of year holidays.  I guess the only downside is it can get extremely packed and seating is limited.  Get their early unless you don't mind standing or sitting on the floor.
My kid loves it!  Free entertainment just blocks from our house.  Nice at Xmas, too.
Experiencing this with my kiddo elevates this to another level and my toddler, not even two, could not tear her eyes away from this amazing screen.  Granted during the weekends, especially as one nears the holidays, the lobby gets packed - so get there early.  Every hour on the hour, the show is super fun, and in between, there are other little video segments that keeps the viewer entertained.  

It's a truly Philadelphia Christmas holiday experience, and the video each year, changes a little.  There's real snow!  And Santa arrives at the end!  

After you can go down to the Comcast market for free treats and a visit with Santa (this weekend, there was absolutely no line!)  And best of all, it's free (yes, Comcast, that's the least you could do!)
It's a big free high def video wall.  And you still think they (comcast) are evil.

Bring your kids, bring your parents then stop in downstairs and get something to eat.
While in the city we stopped in to see the "Holiday Show" at the Comcast Building. A large crowd was already there as we walked in.  The screen wall was huge! We were impressed by the clarity for such a large screen. The show itself lasted about 15 minutes with a sing along at the end.  The shows were run every hour. We will definitely be back in the future for other shows.
Amazing sight to see.  When it first opened, I went several times in the summer and just sat and watched.  The wall plays short snippets of video.  Usually the snippets are inspiring (they have athletes training, similar to Nike commercials), awe-worthy (great panoramic landscapes of the United States), funny (cute business people pop in and out on the wall), and/or entertaining (the cute business people also dance).  Altogether the wall is visually mesmerizing.  

Every Christmas they have a show.  This year's show was in 3D so they gave out free 3D glasses.  I went with my family, including my brother's girlfriend from Arizona.  There were many other families there, little kids, too all standing around in the lobby or sitting on the stairs.  We loved it.  

When the screen breaks in between videos, it mimics the wall that it's mounted to.  So the screen looks like it goes invisible.   

Free, fun, and great to bring friends from out of town to see.  At the very least, it is the highest building in Philly. =)
Liberty Bell who? THIS is the tourist site to show your visiting friends!!

I love this quick tourist adventure.... The security guards are always SUPER nice... and it makes me feel positive about all that money I pay to Comcast every month....
One of my goals in life is to make friends with someone who works in the Comcast building so I can venture to the top and frolic through the employee-only restaurant on the 43rd/44th floors and finally discover if William Penn #2 (#3?) is still there. 

But, alas no Comcast friends yet acquired. Sooo for now, I'll remain content hanging out in the lobby staring at the HD Video Wall. Think 2,100 square feet of pure virtual radiance. 

Come in and watch as wildly vibrant shapes, people, and landscapes emerge from the eerily camouflaged "wooden" panels. I love that you never know what you'll get here.  The other day I stopped in and was instantly transported to Franklin Lloyd Wright's architectural masterpiece "Fallingwater" replete with vividly realistic sounds of water sloshing up its stone walls.

They also present a holiday show every year -- music, dancing and sparkling lights -- all displayed with the brilliance of 10 million pixels (so uh, FIVE  times the resolution of HDTV). Very cool.  Honestly, I was expecting extreme cheesiness, but I actually really enjoyed the show.  It is every hour on the hour during the holiday season and it even ends with a flurry of fake snowfall.  

Perks during the show:  free samples of Godiva hot chocolate and an envelope of coupons for some nearby restaurants and stores.
Ok, this hd wall is pretty impressive.  Indeed, it is hard to take your eyes off of it.  I'd recommend checking it out if you are in the area and entertaining out of town guests.  My in-laws really got a kick out of it.  And it's free (well, your cable bill pays for it).
This is very impressive, and the many lighthearted aspects to the ongoing video make it fun.  I don't know that it's worth going out of your way to see, but it's worth a stop if you're within a few blocks, especially at night.  The building itself is pretty, and be sure to look up to see the numerous statues of people walking on the support beam.
The Christmas Show was LAME. I wouldn't even drag my hypothetical children here.

I have seen better during a regular day, so don't get excited about the holiday hoopla and save it for a boring, random day.
Solid 'experience', and it's in the lobby, but blends in when not going through a sequence, so just grab a seat or stand in between.
If your visiting or just walking in downtown Philadelphia, this is a must see. The HD video wall is located amongst the wall of the Comcast building as soon as you enter. What makes this unique is that their is nothing else like it in the city. The wall displays vivid images and scenes that are breath taking  and seem real. The wall is a nice touch to the already amazingly construed Comcast building. Despite your view on the company, this HD video wall makes it worth stopping in the building and taking a break from your day.
Growing up in the Philadelphia area, I used to go to the Christmas Light Show at Wannamker's, narrated by my favorite Philly Sportscaster, Mr. John Facenda. (Wow).

And Wow have things have changed!

Am I really that old?

From being delighted by tungsten light bulbs chasing each other around in colorful circles. (I still kinda get a kick out of that. :) )

To the high definition world of people crawling up walls (see my picture), and the walls transforming, right in front of your eyes.  (and so much more.  Sports, Rocket Ships,  etc. that look so real, you can almost touch them)

Sometimes we wonder, "where is the future?",  "Where are the flying cars?",  "Where is what I see in Minority Report?"

Look here.

The future...
....and the future of America, and Television (because the two seem to be inextricably linked)
are here NOW.

Stop by.   I guarantee you will be impressed.
At least until it's in your living room. :)
I don't know about the complaints about the recent Christmas shows or the crowds.  I took people visiting out of town when this first opened.  There weren't crowds and everyone thought it was cool.  I thought most of the little videos (or skits or whatever) that happen on the wall were pretty creative and fun.  It's a nice little stop on a tour of Philly.
Amazing and FREE.  Does it get any better?  The technology used on this thing is ridiculous.  It's always running and they do a special Christmas-themed show during the holiday season (reminds me of an upgraded version of the Macy's Light Show).  Just go.  You have nothing to lose and your retinas will practically shit themselves.
A cool Philly landmark where you can watch a LARGE tv screen courtesy of the Comcast Center folks! There are also restaurants downstairs if you are hungry & a pretty outdoor seating summer restaurant!
Thank you Comcast Wall for keeping us entertained for 3 hrs while working the check-in table at the fabulous Yelp Spring Feastival. Fortunately, the Philadelphia yelpers are one cool bunch so getting bored wasn't a problem, but when have to sit at a table for 3 hrs staring at a wall of a building it's pretty awesome if there's a show occurring right on that wall.

This is one cool wall! You'd think I'd be sick of watching it after 3 hrs, but not so much the case (maybe just a bit dizzy).  I do still question the tourists I watched stare at the wall for several hrs at a time. Yes, it was a rainy day in Philly, but surely there's cooler stuff to do than spend a day staring at a wall even as awesome as this one.
This is just plain cool -- and amazing.

The technology is spectacular. This is so clear and HD that I briefly thought some people who appeared to emerge from a door in the video wall were real. And the content is also terrific.. Wonderful panoramas of lush scenes, neat visual tricks, dancing; the artistry is great.

This is an absolute must-see -- and it's free.
Impressive!!  Not as fun when it's just wood (looks real enough to blend with the REAL wood walls around it) but when it's playing...great stuff!!

I missed this past holidays 3D show :( but i saw the one they had the first holiday season and it was great!!  Plus when the Phillies were in the series, they played the games!!!
A nice holiday tradition for a stop in the city during Christmas, along with the Holiday market up the street. The video changes a little each year, but it is nice that it isn't too long, but gets you in the holiday spirit. This year they also let the non-holiday videos run more often in between showings of the holiday show. The "snow" at the end of the holiday show was a nice touch. The security guards are all very pleasant, which is saying something considering all of the people, especially kids, that they must deal with.
In just a few short years, Comcast has managed to position the holiday show that they put on the wall in the lobby of their headquarters as a "2 for 1 special" to complement the retro chic of the Macy's Christmas Light Show that happens just a few blocks East.  

It is not as enthralling as - or as traditional - as the Macy's show, but it is worth the walk through the City Hall courtyard to get out of the cold for a few minutes and enjoy the complimentary show.  

Check it out next Christmas!
