I have never been there, however called them to get more information about who they are and what they offer. The man on the phone was extremely rude. Before I even got a chance to go there, I formed a pretty strong opinion of the kind of place it is. Lost a customer! or a few, negative feedback spreads like fire! Good job man on the phone!
I am writing this with a light heart because this has been a funny night.  After taking it in the keister from Benny the Bum's (see that review for more details), my dreamwoman and I walked a block to The Turf Club.  I had no idea what this place was but my hunch was off-track betting, old man's cigar house lounge, or strip club.  A sign said "due to the World Series, doors will close at 11:00pm."  Againm with no idea what we were walking into, we weren't sure if we'd be asked to leave or locked in at 11.  We chanced it and ascended the escalator.  No boobies, only a few old men, and not a lot of rowdies.  We asked a woman behind a desk, title and responsibilities unknown, "What is this?  Can we watch the game here?  Can we eat here."  The response: off-track betting, yes and yes.  Good.

So we grabbed a seat, the place was maybe a quarter full, or 3 quarters empty, depending on your level of optimism.  We ordered food around 8, and the waitress said it'd be a while.  Fine.  I went to the bar about 15 minutes later and nudged my way right up to the bar and held out my cash.  After getting the tender's attention 5 times in 30 minutes, they ran out of cups, then pitchers, then miller light (inconsequential to me), and almost everything else.  By the time I had forged a pact with about 4 guys (whoever gets there first, orders about 30 beers to split up), they were down to Corona and Budweiser (I like both).  I'm not kidding when I say that people started ordering 20 beers at a time and selling them to the rest of the people waiting.  By 9:00 we were so hungry we took the bag of sunflower seeds left at another table by people who got food.  Around 10 I checked on our food order.  The waitress said that she had put it in, but that the cooks were tossing tickets that asked for food out of which they had run (Check the grammar books, I'm correct in that sentence structure).  By 10:45 we had given up, and our waitress suggested the deli, which was in the building.  I went over to check on that, and the wait for hot dogs was 20 minutes (they didn't have anything else left), so we asked that the lady just nuke them.  So I got 6.  We ate 5... minus a bun and a half.  And we saw a table order pizza, not from there.  They got a large ovation.

The pros?  The waitress was really nice, we could see the field (Citizens Bank Park), we were inside, each table had 2 5 inch TVs (not 25 inches, 2... 5... Inch TVs), um... they had beer... some,  the untitled lady was nice, nobody got hurt... I think, mmm, it wasn't too crowded, I'm running out of things to say in this section.

I hope you have enjoyed this.  I know it's long, but what a night.

(below)
Good for: mmm, old people who bet on races... oh wait, our betting machine was broken.  I forgot about that.
Delivers: I saw food delivered to there, from another establishment.
Waiter Service: eh, sort of
Alcohol: eh, kinda
I was driving thru S.Philly and was at the stadiums last night.. I figure what the hell its 9pm and we still have some west coast ponies still going at it.. 

Pretty good view of the ball park is what they got going on, other than that the place looks like it needs a whole new sanitation crew. The tellars looked like they needed some kind of 5 hr energy drink .. or a straight I.V. of caffine

Went all this way  just to turn around, not even put a bet in to walk out cause i felt like i needed tetnis shot. Not even want to get into the food they serve cause it was well lets just say i would have rather eaten out of a roach cart(food cart) in North Philly.

Atleast for this turf club i wll not be heading back into... 2 stars for the stadiums you can view
This is a terribly mismanaged place.  I have gone there several times before Philadelphia Eagles games and with some competent management this place could shine.  

Instead due to insufficient number of staff and a very complicated cash register system, it can often take over 20 minutes to get a drink. I have gone there for the last time and.encourage everyone to stay away. 

Their property in Glen Mills is no better.
Could be a great place if they had owners and managers who cared. Instead, it's a total dump that has nothing going for it. Avoid!
This place is so mismanaged.  In the past, I used to go here weekly, but not much in the last 5-10 years.

Today, I stopped by to get some $$ out of phonebet.  My plan was to grab a few beers and a sandwich and bet off of the tiny tim machine in the dining room.  There were about maybe 30% at most of the tables that had a working betting machine, and the ones that I saw at open tables seemed like they were broken.  I do not know how ALL the tables do not have working machines.  It is incomprehensible to me.  I think these guys need to get out of the gambling business.  They do not want my money.  

Any way, I got out of there in a hurry.  I guess I will have to stay closer to home and bet at the local casino.   I just don't get it.  Why operate a business, if you run it like that?

Oh, and if you like clean bathrooms, this is not the place for you.  It was always that way, but never a deal breaker for me.  But the lack of basic amenities to the bettors is mindboggling.  It is almost like they gave up.  I could have written this type of review probably 8 years ago, and it just continues the downward spiral.
Terrible customer service. The General Manager was such a displeasure to talk to. Don't waste your time visiting.
Only place to bet on horse racing in phila. Yes even with new sports gambling laws, no horse betting at sugar house. I typically swing by for the big races and parking is fine. People may throw shade at it, but they have nice cheap domestic drinks and it's a little bit like hanging at a food court. I would give it 5 stars but the food situation is definitely rough. Their is a small deli in the back, that resembles a high School football concession stand. It's not glamorous or fancy, but definitely a convenient otb if you live in phila
