It's such a great use of basically empty concrete! Bravo 30th Street Station and UC for making this place happen. I just wish there was more shade!
A solid addition to 30th Street Station that actually succeeds at making it a fairly solid destination when you don't need to ride a train.

On the warmer weather days you'll find plenty of activities that range from craft and farmers markets to food truck crawls and mini golf. They've even had some interesting concert events like Man Man doing a special XPN Free at Noon. But even when there's not a big activity going on there's plenty of cozy chairs and benches that make it a good spot to chillax to a good book and some quality people watching.
The Porch - the newly constructed slab of fresh sidewalk and tables & chairs - provides FREE miniature golf all during July 2012.
Concerts at lunchtime.
A new Farmers Market on Wednesdays (11 AM - 2 PM thru beginning of October) complete with Mom Pops (YUM - read that review next!).

Check them out - and let's help get 30th Street re-re-revitalized.
I'm not sure if this is new-new, or seasonal since I have not been a regular in Philly for long enough, but either way, it's an awesome addition to the 30th street station!

I didn't think much of it when I first saw all the tables, umbrellas, etc going up.... but it's a crowd pleaser. It's colorful, well kept (cleaning staff are often out there), there is eco friendly decor around, tons of flowers... and food trucks! You ARE kind of literally steps away from a main road, but if you're stuck at 30th waiting for a transfer, why not sit outside. 

Just last week I also saw some events happening there. An area was roped off for drinks, there was music, good times all around - apparently.
I'm here literally every single M-F (weather permitting) so I figured I might as well give it a damn review.  The Porch has only improved since it's debut a few years back.  

For relaxation, I'd prefer to sit at Cira Green where it's EONS quieter.  Hence, my main complaint about the Porch is the noise level.  I always end up here, though, because it's much closer to my work and generally more convenient to eat at because of the plethora of tables and chairs and shade from umbrellas.  Plus, you obviously can't go wrong with rotating food trucks!

There's SO much seating to pick from: in the shade, in the sun, big swings, small swings, adirondack-like chairs, regular chairs, long picnic tables, fake grass, etc.  If I'm not eating at the long picnic table with friends right by the trucks, I usually pick the adirondack chairs in the grass areas to recline and get some sun or the big swings by the street for breeze (hard to snag in peak times, though).  I do wish they would bring back those long lawn chairs - they were the best for tanning. 

They keep the park VERY clean (you'll ALWAYS see UCD and Porch staff picking up trash and generally maintaining the space).  There's also UCD security on bikes from time to time, which helps for those pickpocketers and hecklers that stay past their welcome or cause a scene (like the day some dude spit on his girlfriend cause she threw all his belongings in the river).  The only complaint in this area would be the bird poop that gathers on some of the chairs that seem to go unnoticed for quite some time before being cleaned up.

Every now and again, there's random events there like brass band performances, singers, dancers, yoga, etc.  It livens up an already lively area.

As said before, the noise level is atrocious due to the 30th Street station's ongoing, year-long construction on the façade of the building that faces the Porch.  Unfortunately, this is out of UCD's control and there's really nothing you can do about it, but the construction noise, combined with certain food trucks' loud ass generators, plus the CONSTANT sirens and beeps and helicopters and general traffic noise, starts to wear on my lunchtime relaxation.  Throw into the mix the ever-present creepy dudes that hustle the place looking to chat up young women who are alone, and it can get quite annoying.

Hustle and bustle aside, it's definitely worth a stop if you're in the area and need a place to sit down and people watch.
This is more about a band than the Porch.  WXPN hosted a live concert at the Porch today (9/7/12)  The band was Sheep Dogs, from Canada.  Awesome concert.  Reminiscent of the Allman Brothers.  I tried to find a way on Yelp to review a band but failed.  Either they need to add that or make it easier.  As to the Porch, nice outdoor space.  I commute into Philly every workday and I like what they've done with that space.  Besides the July golf and Wed. farmers market they have also hosted a 3 day Beer Garden.  Hope they do an Oktoberfest.  There is usually something going on down there at noon.  They have tables, chairs, lounges, and 30th street station, an Amtrak hub and local commuter (SEPTA) station  where it is located has plenty of food venues including a nice pub.   But I really came here to post about the band, Sheep Dogs.  Check them out.
I don't know whats better the swings where you can put your legs up or the relaxing feels you get while lounging...

OK, it definitely is the city, so you can't avoid the occasional aggressive driver who is beeping their horn incesstanly. But when you want to get away from school or office and the temptature is mild enough, this is the place to be! The little spot along the side of the Amtrak station offers much needed greenery and outdoor seating. You may run into a few homeless people begging for money. So be prepared for that. I don't recommend hanging around late at night though!

There is a schedule of food trucks which change every month, so you could check Facebook for " The Porch at 30th Street Station" and find all the good eats that will be available when you swing by. 

The view of the city is amazing and the Schuylkill River trail is a short walk down from the station/porch. Also check out the schedule for yoga classes, concerts and more! Fun place overall.
