I wanted to like this museum (for it's importance if nothing else) but, alas, it's disappointing. It's not the museum I remember from the school trips of my childhood. I bought a $30 family membership on groupon so I wasn't too broken up about the cost. The first two levels were great. They had 2  interactive exhibits about African Americans in Philadelphia. The third level's Smalls' exhibit was lackluster and tiny (think photos, a walking stick and musket and 2 model ships). As we ended our visit in 30 minutes, the museum attendant informed us that a movie was playing in the auditorium's basement. That PBS movie was the star of the museum; however, I could catch it on PBS. The museum's location across from the detention center is awful.  I'm not sure who allowed that to happen but it's not ideal at all. 2.5 for this museum. Support them though because apparently they need the funding.
The New Year does different things for different people. For me it brings about a since of renewal overall and excitement for the approach of February. There's excitement because of my birthday which my bestie appropriately renamed Sho-eBruary due to my month long celebration and activities. With that excitement there is an appreciation that has matured as I get older for the awareness that I'm blessed to be born during the month when my ancestors are acknowledged and also celebrated. 

This year I wanted to visit the African American Museum in DC, but as much as my other bestie tried, tickets where not attainable. She decided we will start off Sho-eBruary with a trip to Philly the last weekend in January to the African American Museum in Philly. Prior to coming, I of course read the reviews while many are fair serval highlight disappointment and discouraging comments. 

I say that's unfortunate because while I'm sure this Museum doesn't compare to DC, I believe instead of highlighting the negatives everyone should approach this museum with an open mind. Unless you lived through slavery, the civil rights movement and are an African American historian all in one, everyone and anyone can find a piece of information here that is new knowledge to add to their expanding understanding of our history in America.

The AAM is compact with an abundance of information clustered in some interactive displays. One of the first displays is in essence a time line and if you press the "play all" button it will go through the entire display by illuminating certain areas as it pertains to the audio. The second level has individual interactive story displays about some AA historical figures. As well as an area off to the right that would be nice for kids. In this area if all displays are pressed simultaneously it will make it difficult to hear the audio but there is an option to have the words displayed so you can read along. In January the 3rd level was John Dowell's COTTON exhibit. 

COTTON- The Soft Dangerous Beauty Of The Past. This exhibit displayed photos and installations demonstrating his creative way of taking something that has been a source of pain and anger driven by economic greed and turn it into a portrait of strength and power. In the photo portion he creatively overlaid pictures of Cotton over photographs of areas, landmarks and neighborhoods that were built on the blood, sweat and tears of slaves.  

His photos highlighting Seneca Village and the intersection of Wall Street between Pearl and Waters Street are very eye opening. As New York was the 2nd largest slave market in the US and the official Municipal Slave Market that opened in 1711 was located on Wall St. 

"Seneca Village was NYC's first predominantly middle-class African American community. The settlement of almost 300 residents had its own school and churches and was integrated with Irish and German immigrants. Over half of Seneca Village residents owned their land. In 1857, after 30 years of existence, it was demolished via eminent domain to create Central Park" 

In the city that is known for "brotherly love" and highlights the founding fathers (whom were Slave owners) and the creation of the USA, without properly accepting or acknowledging the tournament that was inflicted to do so. I appreciate any establishment that acknowledges African American's contribution and culture by emphasizing a truer version of American history. 

P.S. On the lower level is an auditorium with some awesome historic photos on the wall by Maurice Sorrell (1914-1998) titled Photographic Memory. 

I included as many pics as possible not all are attached to this review. 

Just A Note:

I suggest arriving early it gives you the opportunity to view the museum virtually uninterrupted by other patrons. You can opt for street parking, which is a two hour max limit and you will be able to fully complete the museum. 

Hope you find a gem here that is just for you and Enjoy!
I used a Groupon for 2 to check out the AAM. The bldg. is well kept and nicely decorated inside/ out, with a small shop. Im will keep this short and positive, this was not a really informative museum compared to others Ive visited. Im positive Philly has more AAM blk history for others to learn from, I left feeling like maybe this should be a art museum. Lots of lovely art upstairs, great way for local talent to display.

Staff was friendly, Im sure they have other events that locals attend at this facility, this review is strictly for my museum visit only.


Tip: Maybe research and visit other museum for ideas on how to make this more informative for others.
Very informative and well maintained museum. Great family outing spot. 

If you are buying City Pass/Philadelphia Pass, this museum is included in one of the attractions.
So, this is my second visit to the African American Museum of Philadelphia. Although a bit underwhelming due to its small collection of exhibits & art, no modern technology and overall few artistic options but none the less it still offers something to be gained. I'm hopeful there will be an effort soon to obtain benefactors to upgrade the potential of this museum. Made my donation on the way out.

Came with a group of nine as an educational social outing and it was enjoyable. It was Family Fun Day and there were several stations for kids to stop by to be artistic and creative. Always a fan of children starting young in learning about and being exposed to art.

The highlight of the visit was the various videos and photographic art about the LGBT community. Wonderful photographic art exhibit by Gerard H. Gaskin who captured the beauty, energy, creativity and originality of the House & Ballroom community through photographs in various cities throughout the northeast and mid-atlantic areas. I felt he brought a pure and raw insight into a world many know nothing about, have no interest or just discovering with curiosity and understanding.

Yoruba Richen's 2013 The New Black, documenting a segment of the Black community's view on legalizing gay marriage, was playing in a small area of the museum. It gave a friend and I an opportunity to discuss our polar beliefs but mutual respect on the issue.

That's why Art is so important. It brings controversial and impactful medium to a venue where people can view, discuss, emot and think how it is akin to their ideology, ideas or just plan like or dislike. 

That's Art and that's why it's important.
The African American Muesem is not very large, however I will give it 4 stars because it supports the black culture in a positive way.

I came here for a natural hair event called "Embracing your Roots" and the event was super fab and informative. After the event was over I was able to explore the museum. 

The featured exhibit was "Collective Conscious" which highlights local black artist  in Philadelphia whose artwork promotes social change in our community. The artwork was very beautiful. I also enjoyed exploring past exhibits of Black Philadelphians who has made a difference in society.

Overall the AAMP is 14.00 for general admission and it offers different workshops throughout the month. Come visit and learn a piece of history!
5 stars for the first floor exhibit and the unnerving second floor exhibit!  My friend and I were randomly walking around Philadelphia exploring when we came across the African American Museum.  She wanted to check it out so we went inside.  Since it was the first weekend of the month, I was able to go in for free as a Bank of America cardholder. Yay for that!

On the first floor, there is a lot to read and see.  Once someone chooses a topic on the control panel, most people step back to listen to history unfold.  It's hard to describe but using lights and photos/pictures/images, the lights highlight the areas that it is referring to as it goes through history.  This was my favorite part of the museum.

The second floor contained the "Audacious Freedom: African Americans in Philadelphia 1776-1876" exhibit.  The actors seemed 4D so almost as if they were only separated to us by the screen since they were our height, it seemed.  By pushing buttons, the likes of Octavius Catto or Richard Allen will tell their stories.  It's easily to be mesmerized and sucked into their couple minute long stories or to be able to relate to the stories they tell and the stories you've heard before.

The upper galleries, although interesting, weren't as exciting for me.  I'm more into written history so photos of shoes and clothing aren't quite the same as stories with photos.

All in all, this was one of my favorite spots during my visit to Philadelphia and I would definitely come back again with my friends if we're ever in the area!
I have been wanting to come here the last couple months to bring my daughter so she can learn about her dads side and her culture and it was a nice experience for her. We attended a free family event that they were having and there were so many crafts for her and her friend to do while we were there. 

I thought the museum was bigger and I guess I expected to see more in the exhibit but there wasn't too much to really explore or learn besides a few articles of clothing and handmade cups, bowls and things. There was a sign however that said sorry for the look, they were remodeling and expanding, so that makes sense of why there wasn't really much to observe. 

When we went up to the other floor there were these TV things showing a character and explaining who they were and what they did in the African American community during the time when they were living. I thought that was pretty cool, because you would push a button and you could hear some things about them. The activities were pretty cool for the kids and they had the chance to design notebooks, bags and their own book markers. 

The staff was so friendly and helpful. I would go back once the new remodel is finished, I would like to see what else they add.
This museum underwent a multi million dollar face lift, features numerous exhibits through out the year, and hosts awsome seminars.
+
- The video walls of prominent Philadelphia African Americans is pretty cool. It can get tedious to sit through every presentation

-
- Half the museum was closed, they did give reduced fee, but the rest of the museum wasn't worth the $5 that we paid
- The bottom half of the museum is more for children

TIPS:
- FYI, this is a museum of the history of African Americans in the city of Philadelphia, not the history of African Americans in the United States. It would be nice to know this beforehand, to avoid any confusion
This was a nice place to visit on a random day. A great mix of history, culture and art. I wasn't entirely sure of what I was expecting. While not disappointed I wasn't overwhelmed. 

We used discounted tickets through a third party but left a donation for the cause. A lot of the information is Philadelphia based which is appropriate. I learned many things I wasn't aware of and new details of things I was aware of.  

I was told this would take approximately 45 minutes to get through. It's advertised as "great for kids" while the information can be useful, my children did not get much from our visit unfortunately.
My boyfriend and I were highly disappointed! Such a disgrace to see a beautiful building that has so much potential have such lack of history and wasted space. The best exhibit was in the 1st room. Like others have mentioned the room is poorly lit and it's so much information to review at one time that you kind of want to move on to the next floor to see more.

The 2nd floor were videos with buttons you could push to learn interesting facts aboyt that individual. They were long winded and i found myself loosing interest in waiting to find iut the answer.  Also, two of them were broken and had an "out of service" sign posted on them. Such an eye sore and poorly done. 

The 3rd floor was an art exhibit of "Black Pulp" or something...it was random pieces of art and pictures that were very confusing to us. I almost forgot that there was a large school group that were very noisy and the docent leading their tour was not helpful by constantly fussing and yellin at the kids to settle down. It added to the dislike of our time there. They should have scheduled a private tour there were at least 30 kids in that tour all running around and not listening.

The staff and administration of the museum should be ashamed at the lack of attention in the exhibits and lack of using this beautiful space to make the museum a true musesum.

I'm so glad we bought our tickets on Groupon to save a little money. It was not worth our time or money.
Disclosure: I went here on MLK day and saw a performance in the auditorium that was amazing--like truly worth the two dollars we paid for admission (and possibly more). 

This museum is an absolutely disaster. First of all the only room with a detailed black history exhibit was so dimly lit that even young people were using their phones as flashlights. I just knew the next floor of the exhibit would be better..... nope. 

The second floor had about 8-10 talking exhibits that when you press a button it talks about their backstory. The concept is great, but two of the exhibits weren't functioning properly and one of them had the volume so low and no captions so it might as well have been take out of service too. But again, I figured there was more so I didn't sweat it. I was wrong. 

The last floor was dedicated to art exhibits that were very loosely related to black history in that they were created people who were black. I asked three volunteers to show me to the next part of the museum--they all told me that was it. For two dollars you get one room with a very, very broad timeline of black history, 6 talking machines and an art exhibit. This is so pitiful for a city with such a rich black history. Disappointed is not even the word for this. It was shameful. 

Oh before I forget, the museum is right across the street from the federal detention center where criminals are held before being transferred to prison for their federal crimes. If you come on a sunny day, they can see you and they'll be beating on the windows as you walk into the museum. Don't look up.
I was here for a welcome reception as part of a work conference I attended. The exhibit I got to see seemed pretty cool. It was on the second floor and consisted of a wall of info and interactive blocks you could flip up as well as about 10 life sized videos of people (well, actors) telling about parts of their lives. 

I didn't get to see all the exhibits (I'm assuming there were more) since some were blocked off, but it was very cool to be able to visit it for free during the welcome event. I would be curious to see the other exhibits, but not sure I would pay the $14 admission when there are so many other free museums around.
I held a movie premiere at the African American Museum in September 2017 for about 100 people and it couldn't have gone better.  The staff took ownership for my event and met every need I had. They were available before the event, during the event and after the event. I am a stickler for detail so I had to go over everything in advance of the program and the staff was patient as I made sure everything would work smoothly. My guests complimented me on the choice of venue and had a wonderful time. Using the museum was good for my brand as guests were very impressed.  I highly recommend the museum for events.
I'm glad we have this institution here in Philly. 

I came here to see a collection of Gerard H. Gaskin's photographs from the underground house ball scene. They were exhibited in gallery 3, upstairs. The gallery was airy and well-lit, with ample space to walk around and see each of the photographs. There was also a video installation with headphones set up, which allowed you to listen to interviews with various members of the Philadelphia ball scene.

The museum also featured an installation by Colin Quashie called Plan-ta-shun. It was an ironic skewering of America's romanticization of plantation life. The exhibit was wonderful, and again, the gallery housing it was spacious and well-lit. There was also a nice amount of seating available. The Quashie installation was amazing--bitterly humorous and very keenly observant of America's obsession with romanticizing a lifestyle built on ugliness.

The museum has a room full of life-size video displays with actors giving monologues that tell the story of African-Americans in Philadelphia. This is better in theory than in practice, maybe. I was enjoying it well enough until a bunch of kids came in and started pressing buttons all over the room. This resulted in a wild cacophony of scenery-chewing from every corner. At that point, I couldn't get out of there soon enough.

All in all, it took my friends and I just about an hour to tour the entire museum. I was a little disappointed by that. I thought there'd be more to see. I also feel like the museum has a bit of an identity crisis. I would honestly call it more of a gallery and educational space than a museum, per se.
Overall I was disappointed.

Pros:
It was free admission today, 6/19/19 so I saved $14
It's walking distance to the other museums and Chinatown
3rd floor Do or Die by Fahamu Pecou was quite good.
That this museum even exists is a pro

Cons:
I visited on 6/19/19, Juneteenth and was hoping for some special events. There weren't any that I could see. There were some guys dressed up as soldiers. I waited for the 1:30 tour but no one showed up so I went through the museum on my own. It is really small. Basically there are two displays and that's it. 

1st floor:
The first display you come upon has text in front and images in back. I read through some of them and then noticed this kiosk in the middle of the room. I pressed one of the soft keys and all the lights went out and this narration started. Three people were reading the text displays and I felt bad and apologized and turned it off. This is really a poor design that a visitor can disrupt another visitors viewing like this. Anyways, I waited until the room was empty and played all. It's narration with spotlights that shine on what the narrator is talking about. This first display is too text heavy with no video. There should be an introduction video like the American Indian Museum in DC or the Constitution Museum a block away. Anyways, I read through most of the text and felt it was like pages from an African American History book, not really all that user friendly or accessible. The bench to sit on is broken and rocks back and forth. It's also too far away to see the displays so standing is required.

2nd floor
The ramp leads up to the second floor where there are vertical screens of various historical people telling you about their lives. There was a kids program going on on the same floor so I couldn't hear the audio from the narrators voice due to all the kids talking. This was frustrating. I read the captions for a couple and then just went up to the 3rd floor.

3rd floor was just an art gallery. Do or Die by Fahamu Pecou was quite good, but belongs more in an art gallery than a museum right?

So there were only 2 displays which is really underwhelming.
No artifacts
No documents
No timelines
No videos giving an overview of African American history in general or specific to Philly. 
No docents
One museum can't tackle the entirety of African American History since it would be a massive undertaking, so I suppose the museum should at least focus on the local African American History.

Overall I was disappointed and what I learned I could have just gone to the internet to do the same.

Still as hypocritical as this may sound I hope you visit and donate since this museum is clearly underfunded and needs community support and funds to improve.
It was amazing to go and see of the galleries, however I will keep this review very short as the site is pretty straight forward in what you would be getting...or maybe not. The fee is $14 for adult admission. There are only 4 galleries with one visual presentation and one audio presentation. The site claims that it takes three hours to get through but it takes more along the lines of one hour and that's reviewing each gallery and listening to the audio presentation and watching the film. I along with my entire party were highly disappointed. Looking forward to the Smithsonian African American Museum in D.C.
I can't believe some of these reviews- I thought the museum was incredible. The top two floors housed their fantastic current exhibit: The Art Of Social Change. That had sculpture, photography, a great and powerful range of work. The interactive exhibits that feature actors telling the stories of historic figures in Philadelphia history were honest, accessible for adults and kids and it was a pretty powerful way to get the information across. People got very into it. I couldn't get into the first room to watch the history exhibit because it was full. People are insane if they miss this museum.  This article has helpful ideas of other places to see some great African American art in Philadelphia. Black culture and history seemed to be the heart of the city to me. I was so glad to see this museum.
https://www.visitphilly.com/articles/philadelphia/where-to-see-african-american-art-in-philadelphia/
I was delighted to have this institution available that tells the story of the role that African Americans played in the development of Philadelphia. The most memorable display for me was the silent bells in front of the museum that signify the silent, ongoing struggles of African Americans.

There's a $14 entrance fee to visit, but when I visited it was 50% off due to the fact that one of the four galleries was not open to the public because of a private event. 

While there were some interesting, interactive audio/visual timelines and historic individuals central to the struggle, I would have loved to have seen more original photographs and artifacts. These are essential in connecting the past with the present. I also believe that there should be street signage (similar to those that lead to Independence Historic Park and the larger Philadelphia Museum) to increase foot traffic to the institution.

Overall, I'm proud that this institution exists and hope to see more original artifacts when I visit again.
Went here on MLK day. What the hell. This museum was a disgrace to just life in general.  They claim they just spent half a million dollars on redoing the place and for what?! Half of the museum is closed and the interactive portion has been there since 2010. Sounds like they should have spent their money on a curator

Unless it's free, just walk on by.
Road trip to Philadelphia led us to this museum. I enjoyed my experience and based on the other reviews I came here with an open mind. This museum is small, but I appreciate the rich history of our ancestors. As I sat listening to the journey of so many it made me smile at their strength. 
As I headed up the ramp to the next floor I listen to the stories intently. I have to say that it's best to go early to beat the crowd, because if everyone is listening to the interactive screens all at the same time it can get chaotic and you can't enjoy each character. The interactive wall of history is great for children. It will keep them engaged and they will get a kick out of trying to check their answers based on the the questions provided. 

John E. Dowell's cotton collection was creative. He took a period in history that is so painful for African Americans and turned it into strength, resiliency and beauty. Him honoring his grandmother created a gallery of beauty.
I thought I was coming to a "African American Museum" the artwork and the supposed sculptures didn't in my opinion depict that. 

I feel like it was more of like an abstract art gallery. 
I was personally confused. 

Please do not be fooled by the name of this place 

If you like to waste $14 then by all means
I really love coming to this museum it recaptures the history of the African-American experience in a poignant way.  Not only do you have the daily displays of any ordinary museum there are a lot of sponsored events that are very exciting and fun to attend. Often you may find authors, poets, artist, musicians people of all walks of life professional and aspirational presenting their art or craft. These experiences are memorable and should be cherished not to mention appreciation for the African-American Museum should be shown by you offering a generous donation or simply having a membership.  These are stories that must be told and kept alive and the only way to do it is by the generosity of those who appreciate all this museum has to offer. 

Check the museums website for events there are a lot of free events especially for children during the weekends.
If you or the child you are with is older than 10 years, do not waste your money here!
This "museum" has no original artifacts.  It has artful reproductions of people, documents and photos that are displayed in a juvenile fashion.  
The first hall bears a mish-mash of all of these things mounted on wood and positioned so far away that you can't read them.  Perhaps the placards in front would provide information, but when someone is pressing buttons to hear the interactive display (and don't kids love pressing buttons???), the lights go down and you can't read a damn thing.  The interactive display is the recording of someone reading a script, blithely glossing over what you are supposedly looking at.
The second hall has several large screens that show actors portraying people of the past.  They speak in the first person to describe their lives and opinions.  This is a great way to teach a child about history but far too simplistic to satisfy an adult who has paid $14 for a museum experience.
The top floor had an exhibit about a prominent artistic family in Philly but was poorly done.  There was no information introducing the art or explaining why it was there, and no dates on anything.
This is a tourist trap.
The Museum is affiliated with the Smithsonian but the employee I spoke to said that only means that they pay annual dues to be able to smack the Smithsonian label on doors and websites.  This is absolutely nothing like the Smithsonian.
Unique Venue
If your looking for something different to explore I suggest stopping in for a visit. They have really cool videos with actors telling the story of the historical figure each station portrays. The galleries are open and inviting and share a wealth of history. 
They also have an auditorium to host private events. 
The staff is welcoming and friendly.
I went here on a weekend trip for my bday! I love museums they are my favorite thing to do! This museum was a little different but wasn't terrible. Access around were ramps. I don't believe there was an elevator but I'm sure I just didn't see it. They had interesting history of Blacks in colonial Philadelphia. They also had these videos of about 9 African Americans that made contributions to certain movements, such as suffragist or contributions to Methodist church or union army enlistment. I found that interesting would never know about their contribution or African Americans if it would not have been for this museum. I wish it was just a little more history in the museum. They had a picture gallery that had a lot of interesting images! One of my favorites were a black man dressed up like a cop then the same black man dressed in a hoodie! That image spoke to me! Other images had some nudity but the museum made you aware of that section before you approached! I didn't visit the gift shop but it looked cute!
I was super excited about coming here only to be kinda disappointed. The displays on the second floor look good but most are hard to hear because the volume on some are extremely loud and drown the other ones out. I ended up skipping the last two after planning and attempting to listen to them all. I went upstairs to see two floors of cotton.... After paying the admission for 5 people and being really hype about being there I was let down on soooo many levels. I expected more. I have tickets to the one in DC and can't wait.
Come look and see a piece of your history. During any travels, stopping by am African American museum is a must. There are definitely some interesting exhibits and there are really good reads for sale.
Even watching and reading every single exhibit all the way through, I only spent about an hour here.  The top floor is closed right now--I'm assuming for the new exhibit coming later this month (which I would love to see).

The basement has a few photos from the civil rights era.  

The first floor has an interesting collage? Mural? of many figures and events from black history.  There is an audio component that takes you through multiple facets of a black person's life--home, family, religion, politics etc.  there is a large semicircular surface that has short explanations for all of the photos included in the collage.  It's very different from what most are used to--one photo and one placard.  This is presented as an amalgam of works and little tiny micro explanations.  It may be off putting for some, but it's very creative and unique.

The second floor has some displays that play videos of actors playing historical black figures.  You can push various buttons (with your feet, it's been adapted to covid times) and hear about their lives and trials as black people.

Folks on site were nice.  Price was 14.00.  Not the biggest or fanciest, but creative and interesting.
This is a good place that I didn't know existed.  We were following our daughter for her class assignment.  At this time only two of the four exhibit areas are open to the public, so we have to return to see the other two floors.  What we were able to view was very good.  Give this place a try.  A must see for any history buff.   The museum is located right near all of the other national sights in Philly.  I enjoyed what I was able to see and will return to see the rest.   The staff was friendly and helpful when asked.  Tickets can be purchased in advance or at the door.   Visits are broken into time slots.  They currently close at 3pm for cleaning and open again at 3.30.
Great space and exhibits. Attended a book signing here  by Jennifer Lewis, and she was great.
I enjoyed visiting this museum , nice staff and exhibits . I really enjoy the interactive experience to learn more about the lives and experience at that time period . It was nice to see some class experience take place at the museum by both field trips students and students at a table doing activities.i would've liked to see the T-shirt's available for sale and souvenir items stocked to further support although I was able to leave. Donation. I recommend anyone to visit while in Philly.
Great museum. I stopped in on a Sunday and definitely dont recommend the parking lot next door. It was pricey. Lots of good info about Black History in Philly. With a Pennsylvania EBT card up to 4 people can get in for $2 each. I'll certainly come back when I'm in town.
