I was sweatin' this place for a while, like as in years! FINALLY got to go during First Friday!

I love folk art, and dabble in it, with (hopefully) improving skill. I mention this because I have come across most "objects de bois" in folky settings, so it often seems to be a more informal category of art, despite the fineness of craft in so many artists' pieces. For example, at the PMA, the best you get by way of wooden art (that is the art of wood crafting, not art that happens to be made of wood) is furniture, or Escherick creations. So it is pertinent, IMO, that The Center for Art in Wood exist in the artistic conversation of our city. While germane to a well-rounded representation of the arts themselves, this place is still a treat in its depth of enrichment, and a very cool resource for fans of this medium.

As mentioned, I'd wanted to see TCfAiW, since my visit to the Esherick home in Malvern, in 2014. I watched a lot of spectacular exhibits come and go. The exhibit coinciding with our visit was interesting, but I didn't connect with it the way I would have some of the ones I missed. I look forward to returning for new shows. They run about 3-4 exhibitions a year, with side film projects, and sometimes other small shows on the side. It is very similar in size and schedule to the ICA at U-Penn.

The permanent collection is really cool. Housed upstairs, mostly in glass cases, are pieces from around the world, all kinds of styles, and a pretty good range of scale. I'd have liked to see a case of pieces from antiquity, and areas between then and now. It would also be awesome to see larger scale pieces, like installations, mobiles, or sculpture larger than a human. In the current lofty upstairs space, they do not have room for more, but there is so much floorspace downstairs for the exhibits, perhaps some of that could be sacrificed? Anyway, while the museum itself was small as far as museums go, there was still so much packed into those cases, that I did not have enough time to ingest it all in my visit.  

Their museum shop has beautiful items for gifts, or to treat your own home. I was reluctant to stop and look, as I am with any gift shop, but this is truly a gallery store, with functional pieces, that happen to be fabulously chic! The recycled skateboard jewelry was to die for!

Admission is whatever you care to donate (suggested $5pp), so it's a bargain for the mental stimulation! 

Stop by and see what clever hands can do with a tree!
What an unusual gallery space...I love it!

First of all, I've been wanting to check this place out for a while. It stands out from the rest of the galleries in the area. It's design, their signage, and they way they display things is very clean and professional, reminding me more of the galleries in Chicago and NYC rather than some of it's kitschy-er neighbors down the street. It was great to finally pay a visit while everything was in full swing for First Friday. 

[I'm not embarrassed to say that I absolutely tried to enter through the large, non-functioning wooden doors on the outside. They are gigantic, and the very notion that they could open made me very happy and feeling like Alice In Wonderland.]

The gallery interior is large as well. A show featuring downed trees from Hurricane Sandy in NYC was opening; walking into a large room with tons of abstracted, organic objects was pretty surreal. It seemed as though it would be right on cue that a very enthusiastic gallery attendant greeted us and began telling all about the artist and his show. This lady was the fun fact queen! My friend and I made our way around the show and ended up in another room where the gallery attendant started chatting with us again. She was really knowledgable and excited to engage in conversations about the work, artists, and the gallery owner himself.  I enjoyed talking to her and hearing her stories. 

I will definitely be hitting up The Center for Art in Wood whenever I'm in Old City to see who's showing! The upstairs museum is also a must-see anytime, and forever. A true Philly gem!
Bamn! There it is! It's official. The Wood Turning Center has opened in its beautiful new home and is now known as The Center For Art In Wood. 

My jaw never ceases to drop when I gaze upon some of the astounding woodwork I've seen displayed within these (sadly not wooden) walls.

They're celebrating their 25th anniversary.

Happy Silver Anniversary!  Keep on turnin'!

Got wood? Go wood! Good. You should.
The Bartram Boxes exhibit is extraordinary.  It's up through July 19--don't miss it!  Created from Bartram Gardens trees downed by a storm, and inspired by Founding era horticulturalist John Bartram sending New World plants to Europe in creatively designed wooden boxes.  The works combine history, poetry, imagination, playfulness, the great themes of life and amazing beauty.  Bravo!
