Pretty cool place... Clean and safe.  I "visit" the Navy Yard often for pick ups and drop offs.  I love seeing the big Navy ships and other cool boats as well as the Navy offices.  They have restaurants in the yard as well as in businesses that are there like Urban Outfitters and they even have a small food spot right in the yard.  There are security guards at every entrance and they always wave to you.  The scenery is amazing, especially on the Urban Outfitters campus.
Quite a scene to take in on this Navy Yard.

Picturesque and floats in isolation. 

There's barely anybody here and one can admire it quite nicely when in their own zone. 

Ship happy.  Be happy.
When I tell people that I work in the Navy Yard, I usually get a confused look, followed by a "did you join the military...??"  For those of you who don't know, the Navy Yard USED to be used by the US Navy, however now it just holds office buildings for cube-dwellers like me to work in.

There are a bunch of reasons why I like working down here in the Navy Yard:

Easy to get to off 95, easy to access from all areas of Philadelphia, close to the Broad Street Line's Pattison (I mean.. AT&T Station... eye roll), and has a dedicated SEPTA bus line that runs through it throughout the day, Urban Outfitters has an awesome cafeteria, there are PSSC sports leagues during the week in the spring, summer and fall, and there is plenty of parking!
What a difference 2 years makes.  Still need more dining and after 6 PM this place is DEAD - but during the work day we need LUNCH - and breakfast.  And another Starbucks (There is one in the hotel) - or better a La Colombe or Old City Coffee.

Keep it coming.  This area has such great potential.
More shopping would be good.
A spa?
I'll admit it's not much of a tourist attraction; you can't get on the docked ships or even get next to them. The majority of the yard is inactive or just completely abandoned.

That said, as a photographer with 6 hours to kill before a Coldplay concert, this place was awesome. It's right next to Wells Fargo Center and Lincoln Financial Field. and security isn't very tight so you can get less than 50ft from a warship, which there are plenty of. Some of the ships include carriers John F Kennedy and Forrestal, a few Ticonderoga class cruisers (not sure which ones), and one or two Forrest Sherman class destroyers, among other ships. I took some excellent photos of the docked ships, which can be seen at:

 http://dynamicphotography-bycarterpost.tumblr.com/

There is also the Urban Outfitters HQ at the yard, which is actually a very cool building. Other than that, theres not really much to do but walk around and kill time watching the planes land at Philadelphia International Airport. So if you're in the area with nothing to do, be sure to bring your camera and check it out
I was here for the CiderFest this past weekend. Beautiful land and I'm glad to see it being used for social events! It was a little confusing getting out as our Lyft driver brought us on a road that is apparently closed but not blocked off and not well marked. Better signage would be helpful.
The Navy Yard is an amazing place, full of our nation's military history -- yet full of new vibrancy! While the yard was the country's first naval shipyard, with origins dating back to the founding of the country with the 1776 Continental Congress, there are now 130 businesses here! The City and Mayor Nutter's Office just celebrated the 10,000 jobs landmark in January 2013, and their goal is to get up to 30,000 jobs in the Navy Yard in the next few years. That being said - this place is obviously starting to BOOM! 

The PNY Shuttle (operated by Krapfs Coaches) runs Monday through Friday to both Center City at Market East AND the AT&T Station at Broad/Pattison. It's easy to get around, and I think, even better than using SEPTA! (I do hope that one day the BSL extends beyond 95 - but we'll see). 

For now, there isn't a wealth of dining options, but Dinic's, Urban Outfitters, and Yardbirds Cafe all offer their own unique dishes. There should be a Marriott opening up later this year, and I've heard talk of another possible restaurant/bar at the entrance. For now, the best best for "after work" is to head to XFinity at the ballfields, which are only a few blocks outside of the Yard. 

Overall, the PIDC is doing a great job with renovations and real estate. Nine new buildings at PNY are USGBC LEED certified - and more are on their way!
Came to the last Night Market of the year at the Navy Yard! It was great weather and food truck paradise. This was my first time at this event so my tastebuds were a little overwhelmed with the number of food trucks and tents ( easily over 40) that ran along streets.  I hit up the Tot Cart and Mama's meatballs, which both exceeded my expectations. Although it was a little dark, the ships were majestic and a great view as I walked around. I hope to come back to the Navy Yard during the day soon!
A great Philly landmark that is open to the public on the weekdays!  There is a bunch of cool stuff to see - historic buildings, huge docked ships, LEED buildings, Tastykake green baking facilities, Urban Outfitter's awesome HQs, and tons of park space.  Grab some lunch at Cafe 543 (16th & Flagship) and sit by Urban's docks to watch the ships being worked on, dogs playing, and planes flying by (the airport is a skip away).

The Navy Yard also offers a self-guided walking tour, where you can learn about the campus' rich history (download on www.navyyard.org).
The Navy Yard has undergone some serious renovations over the past few years, turning the East side into a campus of innovation for corporation development. In addition, it is still an active shipyard, with those operations on the west side of the yard near Tasty Cake! 

The Penn State campus is expanding their presence, and several other businesses such as GSK, FS investments, and most notably URBN (Urban Outfitters) are all located here. Even if you don't work here, it's worth a visit. More bustling on the weekdays, if you can make the trip, it's definitely worth it. 

The Parade Grounds are the location of the end of the famous Broad Street run. Enter the Navy Yard through the gates and you will see the ships to your right, and Bar Amis to your left. Bring a bike or car to navigate as the Navy Yard is HUGE. If you are a walker / runner, there is a pathway along the water with great views of the Delaware and the old Captains quarters. 

If you're looking for historical tours, you will be better served finding a walking tour/biking tour and printing it off online before you come. It's more corporate than touristy, so if you are looking for history, you may want to bring it with you to assist. It's full of it, but there won't be tour guides waiting for you!
The Navy Yard is a nice place to come if you want to go for a run/walk by the river, watch the planes come in for landing at the airport, or look for waterfowl. It is easy to get lost or turned around if you don't know exactly where you're going or if you're not following GPS coordinates on a map. There are no bathrooms for the public that I could see.
Surprisingly easy to get to, well thought out and nicely landscaped. This place is awesome! Look to your right and there are all kinds of huge navy ships docked. To your left are the stadiums. Grab a packed lunch and just sit and watch the planes land in the great setting!
The Philadelphia Experiment.

Need I say more?

(Actually, my government handlers have just interrupted me while I write this review and demand I speak no more on this subject. Sorry.)
Drove through here to get to the URBN headquarters warehouses for a #BHLDN sample dress sale. We loved the charm of the navy yard: the old school traffic lights, the majestic ships, the beautifully detailed buildings. Everything was covered in snow which made the place even more peaceful, but I would love to see the tree-lined parade grounds in summer time. No real security to enter...
The Navy Yard is totally cool.... but really sucks for parking. Was told there is less than 9 parking spots for 10 people that work in the vicinity. Tons of options to eat, got sushi, a spicy tuna roll and salmon avocado roll was around $18. They were freshly made in front of me.

Place has plenty of tables, it's beautiful and has great people watching. Plus a great view of old Naval ships.
Always come here when I come to Philadelphia. Love looking at the great architecture of the old buildings, visiting the graving docks and seeing the old decommissioned ships....some I even served on. So much history on the Yard. Really glad it has been turned over to renovations.  Urban outfitters took over some of the buildings and the old officer quarters are different businesses. A must do when in Philly.
I was at the navy yard today for the Broad street run. I have never actually been inside before until today. First off it being on the water is amazing. There are a bunch of decommissioned ships still there from the US Navy. It's a pretty cool sight to see. There are also a few restaurants, a hotel and a bank. It's like a small city inside of the city. It was pretty cool to experience today and see the history the Philadelphia Navy yard has to offer.
It's getting better & better.
Lunch truck invasion the grilled cheese pulled chicken was absolutely outstanding Vernalicious was the truck!!!  I also had some authentic perogies that were really tasty would definitely eat again Mom Mom's polish food cart.
as an open space its fine, new building come old buildings go. needs better food choices, the urban cafeteria is super expensive without the urban discount(i think they do id checks now). the shuttle is convenient and free to passengers but scatter brained, no such thing as a route manager here as its hit or miss in communicating change(even though they have an app, hint hint real time service change notifcations please, an updated time table). plus at times your just thinking, "is today the day i'm going to die?"
In tegenstelling met Nederland is de Navy yard voor publiek op (9-18u). Je kan op bijna alle plaatsen op het terrein komen. Er liggen veel schepen afgemeerd, de ene wat mooier als de ander. Maar dat heeft dan ook een reden. Op de yard worden niet alleen nieuwe marine schepen gebouwd, ze worden hier ook gerepareerd/ opgeknapt! Het is overweldigend wat je hier ziet, van fregatten, super catamarans tot vliegdekschepen. Ook de gebouwen zijn uiterst gevarieerd, de ene is zwaar vervallen en een blok verder op wordt een nieuw complex uit de grond gestampt. Het hele complex ademt sfeer en nostalgie uit. 
Mocht je in de buurt zijn en van techniek, oudheid of schepen houden, dan is dit een absolute must see!
If you have never been to the Navy Yard, you should really visit.  They have a cafeteria that is FABULOUS!  The food selection, quality and excellent service make me want to return again soon.  The decor in the place is just amazing.  A really nice place.  I used to only go to the Navy Yard to shop at Revzilla, but now I know that this place has even more to offer, not to  mention the naval history.
I had never heard such a place called "The Navy Yard" but went for a BHLDN sample sale at their headquarters -- odd that they do not have a BHLDN storefront in the city (or even state) which houses their headquarters. The place is unexpectedly interesting. Standing in line for over an hour in the single-digit temperatures and snow was made less excruciating with the huge ocean steel beasts docked less than 100 meters away. I will have to return when sun returns from its vacation.
