Auf unserem Spaziergang durch das historische Philadelphia haben wir auch das Irish Memorial gestreift. Es befindet sich nur unweit vom Delaware River und von Penns Landing über der I95 in einem Park.

Das Denkmal ist etwa 12 Meter hoch, 30 Meter lang und 12 Meter breit und befindet sich auf einem gewaltigen Granitsockel. Die 35 lebensgroßen Skulpturen sollen den Hunger und das Leid in Irland darstellen. Am östlichen unteren Ende des Memorials wird das harte Leben und die Armut in Irland gezeigt. Von der anderen Seite erkennt man ein Schiff mit Kurs auf Amerika.

Folgende Inschrift von Peter Qinn kann man lesen:

The hunger ended but it never went away. It was there in silent memories from one generation to the next.

The time to take away the silence has come, to commemorate, to mourne what was lost, to celebrate what survives - without apology or fear.

We have it in our power not only to remember what took place but to relive it ... To find in the hungry and lost, not a different race ... but the faces of our ancestors ... An image of ourselves.

Zum 150 Jahrestag der großen Hungersnot in Irland wurde dieses Denkmal von Glenna Goodacre erschaffen. Mehr als 1 Million Iren sind damals gestorben. Aber auch an die vielen Toten, die auf verseuchten Schiffen gestorben sind, soll hier gedacht werden.

Auf vielen Schautafeln kann man die Geschichte rund um die historische Hungerkatastrophe nachlesen. Ein wirklich sehenswertes Denkmal.
So humbling to see this monument...  If you are of Irish decent you need to make it a point to see this creation.  It is a massive structure.  From the side that depicts our forefathers exiting a ship after their passage to America, to the misery of the grave yards depicted on the other side, it is just so moving.  It reminded me of our how grateful I should be every time I walk to the fridge, and how grateful my family should be for the sacrifices of those that came before us to bring us to this great country.  I could scarcely imagine what it feels to be truly starving to death during the potato famine.  To watch your family perish, completely waste away, not in some barren desert, but in a green and lush countryside.  For the poor of Ireland, from that dark time in history, I am so sad that so many people just starved to death in a Western country.  It should not happen anywhere, but in a country controlled by one of the greatest empires in history, the British Empire, it should never have happened.  I do not know how I would have dealt with the tyranny of the land owners and ruling British authority, but I know for sure that I would have done everything to protect my family and that likely would have meant traveling to America or some other place where food was bountiful.  The monument is just inspiring it captures so many emotions and stories of average people leaving everything behind to find new hope in a land limited only by their imagination.  I could go into a long commentary about the famine and injustice and greed, but to what end?  It is part of our past, and it proves our ability, as a culture, to overcome incredible odds, while struggling in a weakened state to not just survive, but to endure.  Go see this monument, if you are Irish it should mean more to you than many of the other monuments you see around Philadelphia. It is truly the story of us. Happy Thanksgiving.
My Irish relatives would roll in their graves if I visited Philadelphia and didn't make a point of stopping at the Irish Memorial.  Aside from the large bronze statue (designed by Vietnam Memorial artist Glenna Goodacre), there's not a whole lot to see here.  No visitor's center, no gift shop, no guided tour.  But I find this intricate work of art a simple and emotional tribute to the 1 million Irish lost during the mid-19th century potato famine, and the plight of those who chose to immigrate to America in search of a better life.

The memorial is designed to be observed from all angles.  As you walk around it the Irish immigrant's story slowly unfolds, from the graveyards in Ireland to the arrival in America.  Many Irish first set foot on American soil in Philadelphia, so the location of this memorial seems quite fitting.  And the life-size figures that compose the statue are silently evocative in their detail.  

These days St. Patrick's Day is one of those holidays Americans love to celebrate and have adopted as their own.  Everyone's Irish on March 17!  It's easy to forget that being Irish wasn't easy *or* desirable in the United States 150 years ago.  Goodacre's Memorial reminds us of that not-too-far-removed discrimination and, for me, reinforces a fierce pride in an Irish heritage.
One of those serene yet sombering moments of Philly Parklife that I haven't dropped a review on sooner!

As someone who's grandmother came out of County Mayo, Ireland, I can't help but be served a passing reminder of the trials and tribulations that she faced during her journey here. You only need to read a book like Angela's Ashes, or watch a movie like The Wind That Shakes The Barley for a brief but impactful history lesson. But from family burial, to uncertain boat journey, to arrival on a new frontier; you can't help but feel a passing moment that might resonate with you whether you've had family who've lived it or not!

In addition to this statuesque memorial, you'll also come across a Scottish Heritage Memorial which is good even if it isn't as profound. Add in a mini dog park and plenty of benches, and you have one of the better parks to relax in and low key people watch on this side of Old City.
How in the heck do you review a memorial monument? 

No idea, so I'm just going to say: I'm Irish and I like it.
An important monument to see in Philadelphia, particularly for me as an Irish person. I really do appreciate the effort American cities have put in to creating nice monuments remembering Irish suffering. 

This monument is simple, but very powerful, and I spent a good chunk of time just looking at it. I felt a strange connection to the many Irish people before me who struggled and suffered to create better lives for their families. It was a moving experience.

There's not much I can write in a review. If you are in Philly, please do visit the monument and learn a little bit about the role of the Irish in building America.
We were just walking east for a very long time as I wanted to hit the little promenade/walkway on Front St. It was quite dead, but we were visiting on a weekday so maybe that was it or perhaps it's just a little too far from everything that was more touristy. But I love a good ol' walk in quieter parts of town. Well we stumbled on this monument. It's was quite intricate and very moving. There was also a little monument I believe for a historical pub which was pretty cool!

Definitely try to see it. It's a nice little walk.
A very important monument.  Took my kid here at age 5 and again at 6 & 7 to play and learn simultaneously.  Plus there is a cool dog park next to it.

A painless way to teach your kids about the concepts of immigration/emmigration, famine and Irish history.
Disgusted. As an Irish immigrant I think the grounds to this monument are a smack in the face to those who came before me. It looks like a place for homeless people to sleep at night. I don't think a landscaping crew has been here i years.

If you do come here be careful with small kids as there is broken glass around in the grass and light poles knocked over!

Get it together groundskeepers... If it was important enough to build a monument for then its important enough to take care of.
Beautiful outdoor work of art compares well with one Boston has.  This one is unique with the Ben Franklin Bridge behind having towers that contribute to the background.  The park has lost its brass coated lettering though the Irish Flag ads to the work.  Mr Peanut is impress with the murral like flow.

Scotch Memorial is close in the same park.
Great group of dogs who come here in the morning, but wish I knew who was responsible for the upkeep of this park. God forbid it rains, I can't take my dog here for 3 days at least. Plant more grass, please! There is also a huge homeless issue there at night.
