It's a dream come true for Philadelphia and architecture appreciators alike! 

Did you know, you can schedule a research appointment here? You can use http://www.philadelphiabuildings.org/pab/index.cfm to confirm they'll have what you're looking for, grab the call number(s), and schedule an appointment. You don't have to be a member, either!

That's what I did. The Athenaeum gave me a chance to actually *touch* (can you believe that!?) and look through the architect's original drawings for Alden Park apartments from 1925-1928. I've scheduled another appointment with the Curator of Architecture, who is so helpful, to go back and look at the drawings for the Alden Park Inn & Restaurant. 

The museum itself is beautiful, and they seem to have a lot of great exhibits. Also, it's free to go in and look around!

If you love this kind of stuff...you can't miss the Athenaeum!
A must visit for any history buff and lover of all things historically architectural. I spent an entire day here doing research for a project during a class that was arranged by the professor, himself a working architect. 

Its a beautiful building inside with incredible archives and exhibits. And it couldn't be in a better location. Washington Square is just across the street while all the sites along Independence Mall are just up the street. Great place to immerse yourself in the city's culture.
The Athenaeum of Philadelphia has long been one of Philadelphia's important cultural centers.  I've been in this building since I was a kid, and you know what? .... it hasn't changed much.  At a recent function here, one could almost feel like time has stopped.  For outside visitors, there is always something to see from a special exhibition gallery to the Bonaparte Room to the magnificent second floor library and its adjacent game room.  And all this in one old classically designed building on Washington Square!
I am RECOMMENDING the Athenaeum for fine art large format scanning. They have a $150,000 Cruse scanner that gets the job done. Technician Jim was a pleasure to deal with. The location is interesting and comfortable. All of this, combined with their pricing, adds up to good value. I advocate supporting this organization with your large format scan work.
This is a small museum off Washington Square. The exhibits are free, and also quite interesting. The current one documents 250 years of Independence Hall, and the changes that occurred to it and the surrounding vicinity.
A must-see!

I recommend a visit for one of two reasons; either you are (1) a member of the library and wish to conduct research, check out books, and/or study, etc., or (2) a visitor and enjoyer of architecture, history, and art. 

As a visitor, I was delighted by the privilege to visit the Philly Athenaeum in its entirety for FREE! (At the Boston Athenaeum, as a visitor, I only had access to the ground level.) 

After checking-in at the receptionist area (first room on the left after entering the building), I was given a brief history of the Athenaeum by one of the docents;

Something along the lines of..
--"A member-supported non-profit library and historic site with fine and decorative arts from the first half of the 19th century, featuring free exhibitions."

After grabbing a pamphlet or two, the bf and I were off to explore the building! 
Note the Napoleon Bonaparte room (permanent exhibit), decadent and dramatic ceilings and staircase, and of course, the two reading rooms!

For a quiet, at-your-own-pace, and off-the-beaten path look at early 19th century art and architecture, this is your one-stop shop, if you will. 

The only letdown was that the place was in-between traveling exhibits, thus there was less to see this time around. One of the other friendly docents explained, in great detail, the future exhibit (Yellow-back Novels), which will be on display March 2nd - 31st. Her enthusiasm for the subject was contagious; I can't wait to come back next month to check it out!

A note on the hours;
M-F; 9-5
FIRST THREE saturdays of the month; 11a-3p

All this, plus online resources, 5 stars!
