The Franklin Institute is a great place for kids, I spent a lot of time here when my children were young. We still go to every large exhibit they have, and today we went to see the terra-cotta warriors. At first I was a little concerned that taking the warriors out of their tomb in China was very un-cool, and completely against what the emperor had wanted since this army was to protect him in the afterlife and after all this was built for him, and Qui still remains there in his unopened tomb...here we are a modern civilization not respecting his original intentions. I suppose without getting too philosophical most artifacts we see in museums have been moved out of their original resting place. We saw the Tut exhibit a few years ago at Franklin Institute, and well hey the Barnes museum was moved from Lower Marion and that wasn't what Mr. Barnes wanted either so I guess once you die, the greedy money loving living people will decide what happens with your belongings right? OK, enough of my tangent. The terra-cotta warriors today were incredible! There were six warriors, many horses, chariots... Really amazing story about how emperor Qui got 8,000 terra-cotta warriors built in 10 years. I would like to go to China someday and see the real thing!
Fun for kids of all ages including me!

I was thinking this would be another kids friendly place and I would find a chair somewhere to sit and wait.... I was wrong. I ended up having more fun than I originally thought.

Yes it is kids friendly but they are made very well with depth of information. 

My favorite section was about trains. They talked about science behind the train, how it works. I might have known most of the information but it was still fun to read all about trains.

Planetarium was open and play different show hourly. It wasn't all about stars, I felt like I was just watching an educational show about the planet earth.

They have hand sanitizer and wipes throughout. Staff constantly cleaning every possible place we might have touched. I kept a wipe with me and wiped every place I touched for the next person.

We stayed just about 3 hours but when everything is back open, it will be easy to stay all day.
Just realized that I've never reviewed FI?! Forgive me! We love this place! My kid (now 10) loves coming here. We always seem to find some fab deals on memberships (this year it was half off the family membership). The Franklin is a wonderful place for the 5 and up set. My son had his 6th party there and it was a blast, a very, very expensive blast. But his friends still talk about that party. I recommend finding 2-3 hour parking nearby and walking to the museum. Inside there are tons of permanent and new science exhibits, demonstrations and movies. I can't speak to the museum being expensive because the membership pays for itself and we get discounts on traveling exhibits, movies and the store. We also pack lunch because their food is expensive (like most museums). The franklin is a must see Philadelphia staple and still fun for my little big guy and me.
The Franklin Institute Science Museum is one of those childhood landmarks. It's the quintessential class trip that I went to almost every year in elementary and middle school, and I always had fun learning about science!

Thanks to yelp, my nephews and I were able to veiw their latest exhibit called "Game Masters- The Exhibition. Game masters is an exhibit that pays homage to the origin of video games. It had an array of video games from the creation of arcades in the 70's, to games featured on the latest consoles like PlayStation 4. 

My favorite was the just dance exhibit and I enjoyed dancing to Ciara - 2 step song, on this mega screen, with this cute little girl! 

My baby nephew as well as other 7 - 8 year olds enjoyed the Minecraft game exhibit, being as though they were willing to wait and wait until each person got finish to play the game.

My oldest nephew who informed to me that he actually would like to be a professional game programmer, enjoyed learning about the history of how video games are created through a thought, that gets sketch out in drawing and then visualize through graphics. Sidebar he's actually going away to video game camp next week in Seattle Washington- proud auntie lol.

Overall I enjoyed my time. I always love to move, learn, run and jump and the Franklin Institute definitely delivers with their historical exhibits like the brain and the heart! Come visit the Franklin Institute for some good ole educational fun!
The Franklin Insititute is perfect for all ages, as long as you dig science. Even as an adult, I enjoy sprinting through the giant heart. Plus, there's something about the Foucault pendulum (it's in the stairwell) that mesmerizes me. And have you seen the massive statue of Ben Franklin[1]? He looks so real you'd think he was going to stand and start breakdancing.

Check out the Tuttleman IMAX. Besides the opening video introducing Philly (one of my faves, it may now be updated or nonexistent) I've seen a few films: one on volcanoes, one on space, another on sharks, and maybe a Grand Canyon feature.

While some of the exhibits here are a bit dated, as an event venue, it's solid. Once I snacked on hors d'ouevres at a reception in the Fels Planetarium. Tasty bites - probably catered.


[1] that's the Ben Franklin National Memorial!
This review is solely based on the exhibit 'Worst Case Scenario'!  I had the opportunity to get free tickets to check the exhibit out and I was excited!  That excitement quickly left my body when you see many stations where there were 'worst case scenarios' (floods; bear or snake attacks) presented and how would you deal with it!  This exhibit is more informational (lots of reading involved) of survival facts and minimal amounts of interactive items!  

The exhibit is geared definitely towards school aged groups...who would enjoy the ball pit and wall climbing (similar to rock wall) because those stations got the juices flowing!  The ball pit simulated being stuck in quick sand and the wall climbing was illustrating could you survive rising flood waters!

I love the Franklin Institute and all exhibits can't be winners and this one was a miss in my opinion!  

No matter...I will be back for future exhibits!
Hooray Science.  It can be fun!

The Franklin Institute is one of my favorite places to visit in Philadelphia.  The standard exhibits are cool for the entire family.  I still think back to the first time I 'walked the heart'.  The new brain exhibit carries the same level of joy.  The specialty exhibits vary in size and length, but never carry a huge price tag.  The science of Pixar may be my new favorite, however, Body Works and Body Works 2 are hard to beat.

The staff is fun and knowledgeable.  Keep an eye on the schedule to make sure you catch all the demonstrations. The place is kept clean and can be enjoyed in a short trip or a dedicated afternoon depending on how much time you want to spend.

Remember, its more than just a museum.  There is the IMAX.  There is Science After Hours (mix science with a beer).  And there are the laser light shows.

So to end.  Hooray Science.  It can be fun!  Especially at the Franklin Institute.
*** Last but not least ... my final stop in Philly. ***

I attended an event held in the magnificiently domed
atrium area of the Franklin Institute Science Museum.
Did I spend most of my time hobnobbing and shaking
hands and networking?  Nope, the geek in me took over.
I went back in the exhibit hall to peruse all of the displays.

What I found were some wonderful backlit illustrations of
how Earth developed from 6 billion years ago and exists
today.  Boring to some, but certainly not me.  I loved it!
Ocean current patterns, weather patterns, evolution,
electricity development and generation, anatomy ...
I think I would have been in heaven if I were a kid.

*** Visit w/ kids or just for the curious kid in you. ***
You are a Marvel fan.... you don't want to miss this special exhibition!!! This is always a popular place for school field trip. This museum is very well maintained. 

Several museums in the neighborhood, all walking distance. If you are in the Philly, definitely check out this museum!!
The Franklin Institute has been, well, an institution in Philly for a very long time.  It's like the Liberty Bell, or Independence Hall, it's just there, always has been and everyone goes at least once in their lifetime.  Your parents take you, you go with your school, you grow up and take your kids, their school takes them. It's part of growing up Philly.  

Having both been a kid here and raised a kid here, I've been to the museum many times. We had a membership for many years.  The NMT even went to a Bar Mitzvah party there once (SUPER COOL idea by the way).  What I haven't done yet is to go without a child (or two or six or however many friends are along) in tow.  

It's pretty freakin cool.  

THANK YOU to Michelle C and the Yelp Philly team and the Franklin Institute for 'Elites Go Free" tickets to see their new Vikings exhibit.  Lion, also a child of Philly who went to the FI when he was a school kid, came along. He hadn't been back since he left elementary school because, well, he has no kids and lived out somewhere in Chester County (aka "the boonies" as far as this city kid understands) his whole life. SO, this was much 'newer' for him.

We both had a great time.  The Vikings exhibit is very interesting and really well done, we loved all the artifacts and both thought the re-constructed parts of the ship with the waves playing behind it was awesome.  I left knowing much more about their lives, beliefs, and practices than ever.  

We then visited the rest of the museum, starting on the 3rd floor with Newton's Hall and moving our way all the way down to the Baldwin 60000 Locomotive (which, for those who haven't been there in a while, doesn't move any more). All in all we spent about 4 hours taking everything in, with our favorite other exhibits being the Brain (very cool), Electricity (hello, Tesla coil!) and watching the pendulum swing until it knocked down another peg.  

As others have mentioned, there are interactive exhibits that are not working every time I go, it's different ones, and I think that's to be expected seeing as how there are thousands of marauding kids using them every single day. Have you SEEN what a 3 year old can do in just 15 minutes with, say, an expensive stereo receiver?  Yeah, I'm impressed anything works there.  

Of course I'm going again, the NMT is still a teen, he and his friends love the place still (and so do I).  I'm so grateful to go WITHOUT a child though and will be doing that again.  It's a different experience, and one that's really quite fun.
I love the Franklin Institute. This update is strictly for the Marvel exhibits 
 The Exhibits and the Marvel experience deserves a 10. The price is reasonable. 
The parking garage was around $20.00
That was the maximum for the day.
We enjoyed the whole museum but the highlight was the Marvel. We are huge fans in my house. EVERYTHING WAS VERY IMPRESSIVE.  If you want to deal with less of a crowd. I highly recommend you go on a weekday or Sunday. We scheduled our tour time for 11am on a Sunday and it was perfect!We toured some of the other exhibits. Still definitely worth the ticket price. 
Definitely worth the travel. We stayed one Weekend in Philadelphia and covered a lot. 
I Had to go to work and brag about how much fun we had. They have a cafeteria. I can't comment on it though because we have never eaten there. They have two gift shops. The marvel one was priced ridiculously. Even being a huge fan l wasn't paying those prices. The other gift  at the  sci-store gives you 15 percent off when you check in thru yelp. Loved it!!
Well, I guess I should be embarrassed to say that I didn't partake of the many wonders of the Franklin Institute.  But, honestly, I think that I and most every other crazy tourist in town was more interested in King Tut.  The Institute is awesome, and from what I saw of the other displays, the place is really great.  Now as for the King, I thought the exhibit was astounding.  I was totally amazed by all the items on display.  The movie that I saw in the Fels Planetarium was about the Pharaohs and astronomy.  Do not miss the IMAX films, I got to see The Mysteries of Egypt.  For me, it was the best part of my visit.  It filled in a little bit of information that I wasn't aware of.  I also really even enjoyed the little intro bit on Philadelphia.  Great city.
The Franklin Institute was a favorite of mine as a child and as a Philly Native - I have enjoyed visiting the exhibits over the years and bringing out-of-towners to the FI to see what an enriching learning and fun environment it can be.  

Today, I was visiting the "Game Masters" exhibit as a part of a Yelp Elite Event.  Upon arriving at the ticket counter - Jasmine greeted us warmly and educated us on the do's and don'ts and answered all of our curious questions.  I am so glad I signed up for this event because in my younger years I enjoyed video games so much that all my punishments were around me being AWOL  from home for hours spending time in the arcades playing:  Donkey Kong; Asteroids; Pacman; Space Invaders; Centipede and on and on...

Seeing these games from my youth was nostalgic, but also made me feel old AF!  My reflexes are not the same and I was down for the count in many of my favorite childhood games in under 5 minutes - WTH!  This exhibit was interactive and I put on the headphones and listened to the developers speak about the beginning and the advancement of the gaming industry.  As the exhibit progressed, you saw how the PC's grew the market with the SIM's games, home video game systems and so on....

Remembering yesteryear- me and my guest felt we couldn't leave the museum without seeing the "famous - Heart" exhibit.  Well, let me tell you - they cleaned up that Heart - it's not as funky and looks like it got a paint job!  LOL  

As we wandered throughout the museum to the other exhibits, it shows me that the FI is still on top of it's game - molding the young minds of today and it made me proud to have such an awesome institution in my home town!!

All and all - the FI delivered on the educational pieces and well as fun.  
The costs have gone up, but I feel it is worth every penny!  Parents - send the kiddos on the school trip if offered - it is worth it!
The Terracotta Warrior Exhibit was very overwhelming to see something so ornate, detailed and ancient. Then to realize how it was found and know how remarkable it was that it had survived the journey. I had never heard about this before I saw them and it was worth the money. The only downside was it was literally two rooms, but it was ok. Only if I had known I would have spent more time.
      In 1974, a farmer in China was digging a well when he struck fragments of terracotta. The farmer had no idea he had uncovered one of the most monumental achievements in human history. Buried beneath the surface of the land were thousands of life-sized statues, constructed over 2,000 years ago--silently and steadfastly guarding the tomb of their master: China's first emperor.
I'm knocking down 1 star because of the silly ride "Sky Bike". I can't believe I rode that thing for an extra fee. I should have just upgraded and watched the IMAX Film "Forces of Nature". 
However, I still enjoyed my visit. There weren't a lot of people when I visited the institution, so I was able to use a lot of the computer touch screens and other interactive devices. 
I recommend carrying a disinfectant gel though. Who knows how much germs lurks in those things.
I saw the traveling exhibit  "Leonardo DaVinci's Workshop" and thought 
that was entertaining. 
The hands-on, interactive models of DaVinci's inventions and machines were very informative.
I liked the huge I-pad touch screens that they used to recreate DaVinci's personal notebooks (codices).
His inventive imagination and visions were amazing. He drew and designed robots, flying machines, a mechanical lion and other devices.
I explored the rest of the building. I saw "Black Holes" in the Planetarium and went through the "Changing Earth" and "Isaac's Loft". I felt rushed though because I had to get back to my hotel to get ready for my flight, so I didn't get to see the rest of the exhibits.  I'd probably come back here and see the rest of them the next time I'm in Philadelphia.
This is a very good museum. I purchased VIP tickets from the website.  With these tickets you can come any day or time you want.  I do believe that they have scheduled times for every thirty minutes for Jurassic world. Our tickets did not include the photo that they take before going into the  Jurassic World exhibit. 
We decided to purchase the family photo for $25.00 it was a nice themed photo. They have different exhibits going-on and our tickets also included the area of the  heart and brain. 3D movies were additional.  This museum also included a cafeteria.  Can't comment on it though.  I have to say l was a little disappointed in the  length of time you spent in Jurassic World.  They didn't have a whole lot of exhibits but what they did have we all enjoyed.  I just was expecting so much more. Maybe its just me but I really enjoyed the movie and if you're going to represent that please put in more dinosaurs.  My son felt the same way.  Other than that it is a nice museum.  We did make a purchase from the gift shop and if you check in thru yelp you do receive a 15% discount.
En pocas palabras puedo decir que este museo me encanto.  Lo primero que me gusto del museo es que es interactivo, ya saben de esos en los que tanto niños como adultos nos divertimos. Yo no me considero una persona que vaya mucho a los museos por que se me hacen bastante aburridos algunos. Aquí me paso todo lo contrario porque es una forma didáctica de aprender cosas importantes y a la vez sencillas de la vida. Desde la entrada en donde se encuentra la estatua de Benjamin Franklin había una demostración de ciencia en la que los niños se estaban divirtiendo de lo lindo y lo mejor de todo es que estaban aprendiendo ciencia. Hasta para mí era divertido ver al exponente hacerles las demostraciones a los pequeños.

Ya dentro del museo puedes ver diferentes inventos y aparatos que te demuestran cómo funciona la televisión y muchos aparatos eléctricos. Había una pantalla en la que podías tratar de dar el clima como lo vemos en TV en casa, ahora comprendo lo complicado que es para estas personas dar el clima. Cuenta con un sinfín de juegos didácticos para que todos aprendamos jugando. En el tercer piso el museo cuenta con diversas pinturas representativas de  animales y regiones del mundo.

El acceso al museo tiene un costo el cual es bastante caro desde mi punto de vista. También cuenta con servicio de cafetería con productos que desde mi punto de vista tienen un precio bastante elevado.
The Franklin Institute is not one of the better Science/Technology museums in the United States. It cannot compare on it's best day with Chicago's Museum of Science and Industry or San Francisco's Exploratorium. It is small with dated exhibits. I will give it credit for the number of things little ones can touch and play on. But the displays and topics are incredibly limited in scope.

Also, The special exhibits have been by and large disappointments (Tut, Titanic, etc.). And having to buy tickets through TicketMaster...well that just adds to its problems.
The Franklin Institute is perfect for anyone with a desire to learn. Or anyone with the desire for fun that will learn as a byproduct. 

As an adult, I fall into that first category. I was fascinated by all of the scientific exhibits. On the flip, I'm sure a child could go in there and have a blast and not even realize they were learning.

The Mirror of Mazes exhibit brought me in-thanks for the tickets, Yelp! On the ramp up to the exhibit, they had flags of all of their past special exhibits. They truly get some cool stuff that also makes that national circuit.

While it was mostly families with children during my visit, there were a handful of adults looking to get their science on. With regular attractions like the Heart and the sports room, I can understand why.

For those of you space food lovers, don't forget to check out the gift shop.

If you are ever really lucky, you'll get to attend a wedding or formal event there. I went to one a few years back and it was seriously the most fun, classy wedding I've ever been to.

So really, this really is a great Philadelphia institution for anyone to learn- whether they want to or not.
Was so excited to win tickets to the opening weekend of The Franklin Institute's new Karabots Pavilion: a three-story addition that houses the new permanent exhibition "Your Brain". Like the giant heart, I'm sure generations to come will remember their travels through the brain (which looks as though it takes some good scrambling abilities!).

The temporary "Circus! Science Under the Big Top" gave opportunity to fire up all senses. Loved watching the children walk the tightrope or do flips in the harnessed rigs. Enjoyed reading the history about the contortionists, sword swallowers, hearing the circus music and elephant trumpets. Got most of the familiar circus smells correct: guess the only thing I didn't really do was taste anything!

The new multimedia exhibit "101 Inventions That Changed the World" was a fantastic opportunity to snag a bench (or a spot on the floor) to rest the feet and watch the quick countdown on screens both on all the wall space and lighting up the floor. It was fun guessing what would make the list (and approximately where on the list)!
It seems that every adult that grew up in the Philadelphia Area has 'fond' memories of this museum, but as an adult going out to this science museum expecting something different than what I saw, I can't say that I'm fond of the Franklin Institute.

As there were no special exhibits that would be more 'for adults', my review is based on my experience in the regular museum.

Coming from the Boston Area and growing up with the Boston Museum of Science, I found the Franklin Institute to be a huge playground that offered very little in the way of stimulating education and science for children (or amusement for the adults that are with them).  The exhibits contained very little scientific information.  The special live shows were lacking in the depth that I have seen presented at other science centers in Connecticut, Boston, Los Angeles, And New York.  It felt like I was in a very expensive Chucky Cheese.

The majority of the interactive exhibits were broken and kids where left just pounding on things saying, "What's wrong with this thing," then running off to the next thing.  The human heart was claustrophobic to go through especially when there are children trying to play tag in it while others are going through.

Go here for the iMax theater or a special exhibit, but don't waste your time going through by yourself or with your kids.

The Franklin Institute needs to have a discussion about the direction of their museum especially as a center for education for youths.
Here's some advice for anyone going to a night viewing of BodyWorlds:

- do purchase tickets in advance & expect a $2 processing fee by phone or a $3.45 fee by web (popular times sell out quickly)

- do not try to enter from 20th street, this entrance is closed & you will get yelled at by the angry guard; enter from Winter Street (Parkway side)

- try not to forget your confirmation number; the unfriendly, angry ticket agent will roll his eyes and sigh before using your cc number to find your reservation

- don't get hung up in the first room, there are 2 larger rooms beyond

- if you have kids, please don't let them touch the bodies... so gross and disrespectful 

- make fun of the sleazy doctor on a first date trying to cop a feel while saying, "I see this everyday babe"

I am in a non-medical profession.  I have never dissected a body, nor do I have an interest in doing so. BodyWorlds was a little sad but really informative and well worth the money.  I didn't enjoy the angry staff.
This is a combination of 3 stars for the Body Worlds exhibit and 1 star for the remainder of the museum.  

For a layman, The Body Worlds is like a car crash you can't stop looking at or maybe one of those broken-leg skateboard video clips on Youtube.  It's grisly and  kinda nauseating,  but in a kinda fun way.  If you are interested in how your body looks "under the hood",  this is tres cool.  The dissections are just incredible and no system is left unexploded.  It's a little pricey at $54 for two tickets.

It seemed like there were quite a few very anotomically knowledgeable people there, "Oooh! Oooh, see how that posterior interventricular artery trifurcates?!"  I guess it's the med-school version of cork sniffing?!

The rest of the museum was pretty boring. I was not impressed by the space stuff. There was only one lousy meteorite. A lot of kids seemed to be enjoying climbing around in the interactive section. I did like the gigantic heart that you can walk through!  I would say the bodies are worth seeing, but unless there was another really compelling exhibit, I won't be back.
We wish someone had warned us that this is for kids. Generally the place was noisy, dirty and a lot of the exhibits were broken. We were disappointed and the number of kids running everywhere was just nuts. 

On the bright side when we first got to the Institute we were hungry and went to the cafe and were pleasantly surprised with the quality of the food we received and that the prices weren't terrible. 

If you have small kids this may be a place to visit while in the area but if you are with young children skip this tourist site. Teenagers would be bored to tears.
The cleopatra exhibit is a must!

I must say, I think the Franklin Institute did a bang up job with the Cleopatra: Unravel the Mystery exhibit. The last time I came to the museum (not counting the Star Wars exhibit) I was a child so I can hardly remember what the rest of the place looks like, but as far as this exhibit went, it was great. We were taken into a room to watch a short movie about what we were about to see, and then ta-da! the curtains raised up and we walked through to the exhibit. The entrance was a glass catwalk in which sand and treasures from the sea were underfoot, and then stepped into the first great room. Statues and photos and videos and text were everywhere, and we even had a little remote control looking thingy to put up to our ears to listen to the audio part of the tour. It was definitely made for all of your senses. Well, except for touch, that's a no-no when they have something from 300 BC on display. Anyway, the whole thing took us about an hour and a half to go through and I was extremely pleased. 

I guess this review is more about the exhibit than the museum itself, but the Franklin Institute should be applauded for the spectacular set up of the exhibit.
Red Tettemer, rebranding the Franklin Institute at The Franklin is just a bad idea.  It smacks of Flack PR up your own butt crap.  "this is young hip and cool".  No it's not.  It's stupid.  The logo is also awful.   You should totally put some mirrored raybans on the statue in the lobby because it just fits the rest of the crap going on.  

The Franklin (Institute) is something that all of us that grew up around here will remember--going through the heart, playing with the electrical experiments, etc.  Another thing those of us that grew up around here will remember is the first time they went as an adult and how disappointing it is that it isn't as cool as it was when you were a kid.  Especially all the broken exhibits and construction that is constantly going on.
The Franklin Institute is the only place in the country where you can make eye contact in the vena cava, be holding hands in the pulmonary artery, have your arms around each other in the left ventricle, and be full on making out by the time you hit the aorta.
It's been a while, but with my toddler in toe the Franklin Institute was a marvel. She really connected with the exhibits and loved the interactive features offered in each section of the institute. We stayed for part of the planetarium presentation but it was a bit long winded for a 1.5 year old. My favorite room was definitely the brain. It really had me thinking and all on board for my little one. Staff was very engaging and ready to direct/ help even at the slightest indication. My only complaint is price. I am ok with paying the $23 to get in but the amount of "extras" at extra cost were a bit frustrating. We elected to forgo any of the additional cost exhibits. I cannot comment on their worth.
***I am basing this review on the Jurassic Park Exhibit only. 

I am a HUGE Jurassic Park fan and so is my boyfriend so we went down here on a Monday to go take a look. This was actually on my birthday, I figured it would be a nice treat. I don't have much else to say about the exhibit other than: FANTASTIC! First of all because we went on a Monday, we were the only ones in the entire exhibit which was just awesome. They did such an incredible job. Everything looked so real: the movements, the sounds, everything. I really felt like I was in the movie. I'm not sure if the dinosaurs have lasers in their eyes that follow you around but the first couple dinosaurs were following my hand motions. I would wave at them and they would look right at me and then when my boyfriend tried that and they did the same to him. Not sure if that's a laser with motion detector or just a freak thing but it was cool! I wish the whole thing was longer but because we were the only ones in there, we took our sweet time. Seriously if you are considering going for this... GO NOW! They close in a week or so and this is something you don't want to miss!
I have a long association with this museum dating back to when I was a wee lad and I peered over the railing at the Foucault pendulum.  I fell in love with it and the museum.

When I was a boy this was the only museum I was permitted to touch anything in.  That made a huge impression upon me.  Our family visited several times.  I know I had a field trip or two here too.

Advance forward a couple decades . . . as an elementary school teacher, this was our field trip for many years.  What a fascinating place to bring my students to see (and participate) in the world of science.

After a few years, I was provided a fellowship with the museum.  I designed web sites for them geared toward elementary school children.  My work, after all these years, is still available at fi.edu.  They even allowed me to set the pins for the pendulum!

Then I took a break from the museum.  After three years, the fellowship ended, I changed schools and we take a different field trip now.  

But my children are growing and my boy kept requesting we come here.  We did.  He had a blast!

The museum has updated many of the halls since I was last here.  There is a much more modern feel.  We roamed, played, and enjoyed our stay.  We decided to become members of the museum so we will come back often this year.  My wife is planning on camping overnight here with the Girl Scouts just as she had when she was a girl.

And I still loved peering over the rail at the pendulum.  I took video this time. ;)
When I was little I was afraid of the giant heart.  Seriously, who wants to walk through a heart that has loud beating noises coming from it?

I do I do!  At least now I do.  Because coming back here as an adult is just as fun as being a kid.  This museum is very interactive but not in a patronizing way for kids to push random buttons and see what happens.  You really will learn something by doing, which is one of the things that is great about this museum.

The planetarium is huge (they do weddings!!) and a great stop on the visit

They always have some interesting traveling exhibits too... Body World, King Tut, Titanic, to name a few.

Come to the Franklin Institute and embrace your inner nerd.
The Franklin Institute feels like a smaller, more kid-friendly version of AMNH. Almost a cross between AMNH and the Liberty Science Center maybe? I really enjoyed my first visit -- though we only had time to visit the Spy Exhibit (Summer 2013). We pre-purchased our timed-entry tickets online -- highly recommended!

The exhibit was very nice! So much information packed into the rooms. If the Institute is more geared toward children, there were more than enough adult-friendly exhibits inside the Spy Exhibit. The crowds were a bit much; I'm small & I had some trouble being squished out of the way & seeing some of the displays. But since you're allowed as much time as you want, I timed myself between the crowd surges & managed to see everything I wanted.

I love how interactive everything was -- the spy cameras, the in-depth bios of the featured spies, & the spy gadgets were all amazing to see. I even convinced my boyfriend to come with me through the "laser room," where we channeled our inner "Entrapment" Catherine Zeta-Jones (or at least I did, lol) & navigated our way through a web of movement sensor lasers.

The special exhibit was wonderfully executed. I only wish that we had time to explore the entire museum -- we passed a lot of fun-looking exhibits on the way upstairs. There's also an IMAX theater which seems to be operated separately from the museum; lines were forming for that evening's movies as the museum was closing.

Parking was a stressor though. We lucked out & found a street spot around the block; however, it was only 2 hour parking & we had to run out of the exhibit to add more money. Thankfully the very nice attendant let us finish the remaining room of the exhibit when we came back (it was close to closing time anyway, & we are very trustworthy!). I wasn't sure if there was a garage nearby ... I'll try to find a better solution next time.

Did I say "next time?" You bet I did! I'd love to come back again to see everything else the Institute has to offer.

__________________________
PS: The museum, including the Spy Exhibit, is camera-friendly! So snap away :)
My kids were suffering from PTSD from our visit to The Mütter Museum earlier in the day so we had to do them a solid for our next adventure.

This place is phenomenal.  Of all the similar places we've hit over the years in various states this was by far our favorite.

Countless exhibits, displays and interactive activities to experience and maybe even get your kids to learn something (even though it's summer break).

5pm came way too soon and we still had more to see and do.

"You're going to sleep early tonight." - overheard on every floor by various parents to their (soon-to-be-overly-exhausted) kids who were all having the time of their lives.
Interactive, explorative, and full of fun learning! So glad I got to visit the Franklin Institute after so many years since the field trip I went on when I was younger! 

Thank you yelp!!! 

I enjoyed it just as much or even more as an adult through fresh lens. Regarding the general museum, my favorite was the brain exhibit! I love the anatomy and physiology of the brain and I really like the way it was brought to life and captured the magnificent inner workings of the brain. My memory was refreshed when I went into familiar exhibits of the heart, train and sports sections; they were very engaging too. 

I enjoyed the chronology and evolution of gaming in the Game Master's Exhibition. As a mild-to-moderate gamer myself, I knew I wanted to experience it. The staff was very friendly and helpful, and parking (on-street) was more feasible than I thought. 

Overall, it was fun and an exciting time to spend with my nephew. So fun and super grateful for yelp's compliments!
Don't let the interactive exhibits fool you into thinking that Franklin Institute is too kiddy! I almost made myself believe that, and if it wasn't for my family's insistence and my friends' suggestions, I would have lived in an eternal regret by not going in. I am currently 21, and had so much fun learning and playing with almost all the interactive exhibits!

The lobby of the Franklin Institute is a Pantheon-styled dome hall with the large Benjamin Franklin statue in the center that is flanked by walls with holographs of quotes from Franklin's almanac. This part of the building is free to public.

But why wouldn't you want to enter the ticketed exhibit if you are this far already? Inside, Franklin Institute is filled with many interactive exhibits with themes ranging from electricity to brain functions. The exhibits have facts that were presented simple enough for young kids to understand and intriguing enough for older audience not to feel like being puppy-talked. Every exhibit's interactive element is well-designed that that it's relevant and even helpful in teaching the audience understanding the knowledge better.

I originally allocated one hour to this museum, but I ended up spending more than two hours exploring the entire two floors of exhibits!

When I asked my friends in Philly what I should do in the city, both of them immediately suggested Franklin Institute before anything else. After exploring the whole museum, I have to agree that if you are traveling to Philadelphia, Franklin Institute is a must-visit attraction especially if you have kids or love science!

*Ticket is $18 for adults, $14? for children (No discount available)

---
tl;dr version:
1. Must-go especially with family or love for science!
2. Impressive, free-admission Franklin Memorial
3. Two floors of interesting interactive exhibits fitting for all ages
My brother got married here, and there was only one word for it: FLAWLESS. Incredible venue for a wedding. You can get married in one of the lesser used rooms upstairs, then have the reception in the Ben Franklin Room downstairs. I must say, growing up we always took field trips to the Franklin Institute and being able to party and dance in this main room made it 1000 times cooler than it had ever been before. They use an in house catering company, and they are good. My wine glass was always full, and i got to try all the appetizers, there was more than enough to go around. Service was impeccable. There was a small mishap with a table number, but the problem was immediately resolved. Acoustics in this venue are great and your pictures will be amazing since there are so many spots to take great shots. I would highly recommend this place to anybody with a higher budget. The rental itself is very moderately priced, but the extras are what makes this place a little more on the expensive side. 

Gotta love the HEART!
Fun museum filled with stuff for people of all ages.  Doesn't take more than a couple of hours.   Highly recommend.
Sorry, no 5-star rating for you Franklin Institute.  

When I was five the giant heart and dinosaur magnet-ring exhibits were awesome.  These days, the dinosaur exhibit is gone but the heart beats on. (Pun intended) Now the heart is kind of nasty inside with a strange mix of snotty kids running and screaming, claustrophobics deciding if they should be panicking, and a random teenage couple making out somewhere in the left ventricle. In my opinion the Franklin Institute needs a heart transplant.  At the very least give the heart a paint job.

Other exhibits range from cool to broken with an emphasis on broken. The Sports Area has some fun games that you can play and enough functioning exhibits that most kids under twelve seemed entertained. The Electricity and Power Exhibit (I'm taking guesses at the actual names of the exhibits) was my favorite as a twenty something in a museum built for children.  My only regret is that I would stand in front of a booth for thirty seconds waiting for it to do something only to realize it was broken and I was staring at a blank TV monitor. Doh!

While I was at the Franklin Institute the Tut Exhibit was in town. I dropped $60 for two tickets and $16 for the audio tour.  My advice, don't miss an opportunity to see objects in near pristine condition from 3500 years ago. While you don't actually see Tut or his gold sarcophagus you do see quite a few objects from his burial chamber as well as the sarcophagus of his grandfather.  Quick note: You MUST get the audio tour otherwise you're just staring at a vase not knowing that it was the vessel that held the liver of King Tut's mother. 

Bottom line, kids will like it b/c they can run around and play with stuff.  Even if a lot of stuff is broken kids don't seem to mind.  In fact, I think they like trying to find uses for the broken exhibits. If your going without the kids, catch an Imax and pay for the special exhibit as they are usually in good shape and appeal to a more mature crowd.

Have fun!
This place is so dumb. Its filled with a lot of random, uninspired exhibits. It seems like all the locals get a season pass and bring their brats to run wild throughout the museum. A security guard got mad at me cuz I fell asleep on one of the benches inside. If you don't want people to fall asleep, you gotta give them something more interesting to work with! Either that or start thinking about investing in some PADDED benches so visitors don't get those ugly marks on their face.
The Franklin Institute Science Museum is an amazing place to while away a few hours.

From Benjamin Franklin welcoming you in the front lobby to the heart exhibits to the mechanical exhibits to the flight exhibits, there is no shortage of things that will pique your interest. The museum is organized well and have interactive features here and there to make the experience more interesting and engaging. 

In a city full of interesting museums, The Franklin Institute Science Museum is one that is deserving of consideration. Happy exploring!
Since I was here for a medical device conference, it was only fitting that I visit this museum. As a plus, the Franklin Museum is part of the Philadelphia CityPASS. The transportation, The Big Bus Company and Philadelphia Trolley Works, is also included as well.

We arrived at the Franklin Institute around lunch time and the exterior of the museum was regal as it was illuminated by the high noon sunshine. The six pillars at the top of the stairway to the entrance were so elegant and part of an architect's dream. To beat the lunch crowd, we headed straight to the Franklin Foodworks. It is a cafeteria-style eatery with an array of choices. I grabbed a pre-made Cobb Salad. I wanted something light as we were doing a lot of walking and hopping on and off of the buses and trolleys. The lettuce was fresh and crisp. The chicken, bacon, and bleu cheese were a little light in portion, but the cupcake made up for it. The fresh-baked carrot cake cupcake was fluffy and not too heavy. The cream cheese icing was perfectly creamy and not too sweet. Overall food rating: 4/5

After lunch, we walked over to the Benjamin Franklin National Memorial. A 20-foot high marble statue of Benjamin Franklin is the centerpiece of the rotunda. It was sculpted by James Earle Fraser and weighs 30 tons. The statue sits upon a 92-ton pedestal made of white Seravezza marble. The rotunda was designed by architect John T. Windrim and modeled after the Pantheon in Rome. The marble in the rotuna are made of rare marbles imported from Portugal, Italy, and France.

The Giant Heart exhibit is the main place I wanted to check out at the Franklin Institute. The Giant Heart has been here for over 50 years. Fun fact: The Giant Heart is the right size for the Statue of Liberty if she ever needed a heart transplant. A surgical suite of current medical devices for cardiothoracic surgery was on display. The former company I worked for made a laser for Transmyocardial Revascularization (TMR), a therapy procedure to relieve chronic angina and it was on display. It was really neat to see our device in a museum.

Pendulum Staircase is a show in itself as you watch the pendulum swing constantly in the same direction as the Earth rotates beneath. In doing so, the pendulum will eventually knock down pegs as the Earth rotates on its axis. The pendulum ball is shiny; like a giant "steely" from childhood marble-playing days. We stayed there for a good 15 minutes just watching it. It was quite hypnotic.

There are many more exhibits to at the Franklin Institute and activities for children to play and learn.
I just came back from what was a decent exhibit at the Franklin Institute. Now, this may be construed as average or 3 stars so what's the deal with 2 stars. Well, I didn't pay for admission and there was free street parking on Sunday. Nice thing about grad students is that student groups will cover alot of these things. YEAH!!!! Otherwise, avoid this exhibit if you expected to walk inside of the Enterprise and be wowed with tons of set designs and costumes. Okay, if you are a die-hard fan, then I suppose you have to see it and afterward see the movie in IMAX at the Franklin Institute. However, I must warn you that the sign outside the exhibit makes for another yet disappointing realization. NO PHOTOGRAPHY. Okay, I see a bunch of no food, no smoking, no drinking, and skip everything else. I walk inside and take out my camera to this cool exhibit and the guard walks me to the front of the entrance pointing to the NO PHOTOGRAPHY. Also, he points to the other thing which says NO CHEWING GUM.


That was the first of the letdown which was a major biggie for me. NO PHOTOGRAPHY except for those photographers who take your poses in front of those people transporters as well as the captain's deck. Pretty lame and cheesy poses make for a bit childish attempt to win the hearts of fans. Costumes and some sets were shown but masks were not totally believable to me. Flesh tones were off and even those laser phasors were just replicas and not the real deal. The next letdown is the shear size of this exhibit. I only remember 3 rooms including the small deck of Enterprise. It was a bit disappointing to finish the entire exhibit under 30 minutes. That's when you look and read all the notes for the costumes and sets. People have paid $25 for this exhibit so at least give them some perks. That would include more exhibits as well as maybe some interactive ones too. I remembered this kind of letdown with the "Star Wars" exhibit at the Smithsonian Air and Space Museum in DC. This was when I was in high school so I am not too far off with my expectations with this "Star Trek" exhibit. Also, there was this motion ride on another floor with a "Star Trek" theme. However, it looked identical to the flight simulator at the Smithsonian Air and Space Museum. Probably only the film shown inside was different. Well, people lined up for it and paid $6. I would have tried the sky bike instead of the "Star Trek" flight simulator.

The only highlight was the end where all merchandise was marked another 30% on top of already discounted items. I got an original vintage figurine of Klingon for only $7 which was originally $29.99. Now, all the T-shirts are small and I wouldn't be caught dead in it. I am not that nerdy and don't want to label myself as one of those dorks from "The Big Bang Theory". Ha, ha, ha... Also, the rest of Franklin Institute is a major travesty. Only 3 floors and each floor has alot of construction zones which are blocked off. Not much to see and it's the beginning of the fall when school starts. Hopefully, the Human Body exhibit is better than the Star Trek exhibit. Oh yeah, someone told me that parking was ridiculous like $20. On Sundays, look for street parking around Cherry Street. It's a hike but it's free...
Attended the Science After Hours: Green: From Eco Friendly to Envy.
Science After hours is a Neat after hours night which featured exhibits on being greener, water's role in our environment and other eco friendly exhibits. 
We got to meet an owl and a south american armadillo. A surprise was the Science park being open at night, the Gem of which was getting to create our own Absinthe w wormwood, fennel and anise.
Made me feel positively scientific!
I try to come with every new exhibit.  This time around I came for Jurassic World.  I loved it. Just wish it was a little longer.  I will definitely go again being this time around I was a chaperone on a school trip & I couldn't read in detail all the information because kids wasn't trying to do that lol

Parking is a pain
I went here many times as a kid and loved it. As an adult I could say the giant heart just doesn't get old. I skip most of the exhibits now but luckily for me they occassionally have exhibits for adults. I would still go with kids in the family for their school trips. 

I recently went to the Pirates exhibit and loved it! It shows real pirate artifacts such as silverware and guns and of course some treasure. There is a good story behind the findings. 

They had before an exhibit about the human body. Although I don't know what it was called, it was a definitely amazing exhibit. It showed the insides of the human body and the difference between an athlete and an regular person. It also showed differences between a smoker and a non smoker. 

I regret missing the King Tut exhbit that was being shown earlier this year. 

I look forward to returning to see any new exhibits that come up.
Well timed admission early on a Thursday morning for the Marvel exhibit. It was super exciting for all ages. They space folks out by having groups watch a five minute movie before entering. One detractor from a family visit is hoards of children from daycares or summer camp screaming, running and generally not managed.
You need to see the brain exhibit. It is beyond cool-even for teens and adults. You can spend two hours or more in there.  

Some of the exhibits are old and need a bit of a fix/clean-up (Sports Zone and Sir Issacs Loft, cell phone tower on lower level come to mind), but overall, this place is a damn cool place to bring kids, teens....

And Adults. Adults love this place too.

By the way, this place is perfect for teachers from elementary school all the way through high school.  Plan in advance for science labs/dissections. Their staff is highly knowledgable and professional.  The labs and discussions are perfect for your MG students.  Also a perfect place to get your students to love STEM subjects.
What an awesome experience!  Wow!  I had more fun than my kids!  We spent our entire day at this place and we still didn't experience the entire museum!  

We came here in the morning, right when their doors opened.  I wanted to do as much as possible because we had never been here before.  We registered for 2 planetarium shows and 2 IMAX shows.  

We began with the IMAX and watched the National Parks Adventure.  First of all, the Tuttleman IMAX theater is HUGE!!!!  It features a humongous dome screen which truly kept us captivated throughout the film.  Thankfully, it wasn't crowded and we were able to choose the best seats in the house!  .....Actually all of the seats are perfect, by our favorite place to sit in any IMAX theater is smack dab in the middle near the top. ;)

After experiencing the Tuttleman IMAX theater, we checked out the Lost Egypt exhibit.  This exhibit was very informative.  My son found the human mummy "Annie" to be the most interesting part of the exhibit.  I enjoyed the video show and the tomb that described the hieroglyphics and wall paintings.  

We then visited the planetarium and was very pleased with our show. We felt immersed into the depths of the universe!  So cool!  

After visiting the planetarium, we had lunch at the museum.  All of us were able to choose something from the menu that we liked.  So grateful they had veggie burgers!  

We spent the rest of our day at the Franklin Institute touring the other exhibits and we checked out another IMAX and planetarium show.  Before leaving, we experienced the sky bike.  How cool was it to ride a bike across a 60 ft wire, 28 feet above the atrium?!  It was quite exhilarating!  

Oh, we also stopped by the gift shop.  They had sales!  How cool is that?!  With the sale deals, we were able to purchase t-shirts and extra souvenirs to bring home from our trip. They even had $15 Himalayan Salt Lamps!

When we left the museum, we realized we failed to check out the observatory.  My goodness, that was one of the major reasons we went there!  We had so much fun touring and were so captivated by all that we were experiencing, that we completely forgot.  Well, we will certainly be back.  Looking forward to more adventures at the Franklin Institute!
We arrived before the museum opened (930 am on weekdays). We parked in the parking lot under the museum and walked upstairs. We were waiting until they opened in the lobby and the man at the info desk came over and talked to us about the current exhibits, show times and general layout of the museum. I hadn't been to the Franklin since I was a kid. 

We decided to do the Terracotta Warriors exhibit, the audio tour and Discovering China IMAX. The price is a bit on the higher end for everything, but cheaper than a flight to the People's Republic of China. The IMAX was good, except that if you are going into the exhibit it is VERY repetitive. The audio tour was well done; though watching children try and figure out how to listen to the handset made me feel about as old as the Terracotta Warriors. The special exhibit was not as crowded as the rest of the museum.

There were a number of school groups at the museum while we were there, but the chaperones of said groups seemed disinterested. The children were running around and swinging from the exhibits with reckless abandon. I get that it is a very hands on museum, but really... why have chaperones if they aren't going to be with the kids and keep some level of safe learning and/or play.

We were there just over 4 hours (no kids in toe for us). We saw the whole museum (including weather station), the special exhibit and the IMAX, but didn't climb through the heart or the other exhibits (except the train). Parking was over $20 for that period of time.

Definitely a fun science museum.
I will admit it, I am a science nerd.  And so when we were looking for something to do on a rainy Saturday in Philadelphia I was all about the Franklin Institute.   However, i was kinda disappointed as it was nowhere nearly as awesome as it used to be.

I was suprised that it only cost $14 to get in (including a planetarium show), but then i realized that it didn't include either of the "special exhibits" or an IMAX show.  It didn't seem like i was getting a lot for my money.    

Naturally we started in the heart.   I was sad that about half of the exhibits weren't working and the heart seemed a lot smaller than it used to be.  Maybe i'm just bigger.   Plus now that i teach all about the heart, my knowledge exceeded the exhibits so it was kinda boring.  Then it was a planetarium show... i slept through most of it so i really can't comment.  it was boring.  

It picked up from there.  The machines exhibit was cool as was newton's playroom.  But the things WORKED there, which seems to be the driving force behind my liking of the place.   I think the Franklin Institute is a great place... just needs to get an update!
The museum itself is pretty lame, but the Jurassic Exhibit was pretty cool (albeit overpriced).
MOST of the dinosaurs were pretty life-like, but some were super lame (like the Velociraptor where you could see the persons feet walking around underneath).
Good to see once. Went early on a Saturday, but I didn't preorder tickets and didn't have to wait in line.
I've found myself at the franklin intstitute twice in the past 6 months, which is more than I've ever gone since I was a kid. 

Most recently, I went to check out the terracotta warriors exhibit. I thought the museum wouldn't be too crowded because it was the day after new years (and I assumed most kids were back to school), but it was still really crowded. There were different time stamps for the terracotta entrance to reduce the traffic.

These special and rotating exhibits are what makes the franklin institute unique. Although I don't always get the chance to check them out, it's great to see the variety of exhibits. A few years ago they had an awesome Vatican exhibit, which was really interesting, even though I studied abroad in Rome. 

I also finally went to my first science after dark party for halloween. This was awesome, because the whole museum was shut down and there were special things throughout the museum. There was a silent disco, live exhibits, drink testing, and other cool things you wouldn't find during the day. It was weird to see the museum without kids running around!

The science after dark parties are a great way to check out the museum and a fun/different night out for adults. The ticket prices are super affordable, so I will be back!
Don't get me wrong. A museum that brings in displays for Stars Wars, The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe, and Star Trek, and hooks up Dark Knight on IMAX is pretty freaking awesome. But since when did The Franklin Institute become the Science Fiction and Cinema Museum?

It still brings in intriguing science displays like Galileo and Body Works. And it also brings in some incredible displays that should have been in the Academy Of Natural Sciences like King Tut and Pirates. But otherwise The Institute is seriously losing focus on it's original intent. At least you can still run around in the awesome heart.
I love this place! Though I may be a little older than their target audience, I don't think you're ever too old to climb through the giant heart or use the time machine to see what you'll look like in 30 years. I also made a fantastic discovery last week; they have half price admission an hour before closing time, and free admission 30 minutes before closing time!!
This science museum just gets better and better. I came here a lot when my kids were little because they loved it. Pretty much everything is hands on so the kids love all the interactive stuff. 

Came here mid September and was surprised to find the place practically empty. I think this is probably a good time to come since the schools have just started back. 

Since I hadn't been here in a few years, I was pleased to see that they still had some of the old favorites like the walk through heart, the stationery bikes that play a video when you pedal them, and the train. New additions were the brain you can climb around in, very cool. The kid loved it and the whole museum in general. We easily spent 4 hours here. 

It's worthwhile to become a member if you live near enough. The kids love it so much and this adult enjoys it too. Not only is the museum huge but they also have special exhibits through most of the year for an additional fee and they are discounted for members. Past exhibits have included the Bodies exhibits, the Titanic, and most recently Pixar which we had just missed.  So bummed! 

The Franklin Institute admission is included in the City Pass.
Came here on a Saturday evening to check out the Titanic exhibit. I hadn't been to the actual museum in about 5 years and had time to kill before the exhibit so for $10 extra we decided to walk around the museum. I probably will not be back here anytime soon. Exhibits were alright - I'm not really into hand-on displays.. they just don't seem.. clean? And a few exhibits were out of order. I'm sure understandably if I were say.. 15 years younger I would be giving a much different review. 

Titanic Exhibit
SO I realize I should not have come here expecting an entire replica of the ship (but one can dream?) I was disappointed. For $30 a ticket I thought the exhibit was lacking (and I wasn't even paying for the ticket). It was very crowded.. or maybe I just lack the appreciation to wait in line to look at a ceramic dish that was at one time on the ocean floor. Do I regret the 45 minutes of my life that it took to walk around the exhibit? Of course not, but I'd really only recommend coming here if there is nothing else going on around the city (or you have a thing for corroded artifacts).
Always a pleasure whenever I visit the Franklin Institute. But this time was exceptionally amazing!!!!

First big thanks to the Yelp Elite for allowing me to attend free of charge!

The staff at the Franklin Institute were helpful and friendly; kudos.

This exhibit was so amazing and brought back so many great memories! I love how as soon as you walk in you're greeted by the retro games like Pac Man....

Then it's on to SEGA genesis games which I grew up on! Sonic & Streets of Rage 1,2 &3 were my absolute favorite games growing up!

Then the big display of the dance game was amazing, I even got to dance! 

The band game as well as the sing along games looked super fun!

I cannot forget Fable III, which I always thought was an amazing game, mostly because it was easy for me to follow.

The Sims 3 is always an enjoyable game as well....

Being able to play these games and really reminisce was the highlight of my weekend, I was so thrilled I was taking pics and videos and sending them to my brothers!!

I will have to come back to enjoy these games again before the exhibit ends!!
Ancient civilizations always fascinate me.  Be it Rome, Greece, Maya, or Egypt, I find it all very alluring.   I went to see the King Tut exhibit and just in time, as it turns out.  This was the last scheduled week for it.  I was disappointed.  Oh, yeah, it had the Egyptian artifacts alright.  But no Boy King to be found, just his trappings.  I expected to see his mummy, or at least the encasement that harbored his remains.  Instead...I saw things found within the tomb itself.  I did, however, like the way that visitors were led through a series of chambers that built up to this anti-climactical event. I learned a lot of Egyptian history.

Anyhow, the early Sunday morning walk to and from the museum and the last weekend of summer in Philadelphia made it all worthwhile.  I discovered the Reading Terminal Market and the Borst.  I rediscovered Eulogies on Chestnut Street.  Love that place.  But the Egyptian exhibit left me wanting for more.  Wasn't cheap either.  I saw a much better Egyptian exhibit at the Smithsonian 20 or so years ago and it didn't cost me anything.  

The museum was cool however.  Lots of interactive stuff that appeals to the 5 ft. and under crowd.   In the Living Heart, I started to have chest pains somewhere between the left ventrical and the vena cava.  Kidding.  Lose the heart (and some of the other outdated exhibits)
Pompeii Exhibit Review:

We are adults w/ no kids and our only option was to go at 10:30am on a week day.  Holy cow, I almost went deaf, from all the kids screaming and running around.  The only quiet sanctuary we could find was the Nat Geo World's 50 Greatest photograph section.  Other than that, it was like the McDonald's play pen.  I was afraid to touch anything thinking of how many germs were spread around everywhere.

I've seen much better science museums in other cities.  This by far was my least favorite.  It was just big architecture with kids crawling in and out of it.  I wanted to read the descriptions but there wasn't much of that available...

Pompeii exhibit was a joke.  Thank god I only spent $13 bucks getting in. (from a web deal). It is NOT worth $25 or whatever they're charging!  They show you 2 really lame CGI movies depicting the eruption time line that are 4 min each and there are about dozen bodies in a dim lit room and they're not even the originals (the originals are kept in Pompeii), they're just a cast that's been replicated.  Honestly, the ones you see in books are much better than these fake casts.  At least if they're fake, let us touch them!  And I heard you couldn't even take pictures.  It wouldn't come out anyway because it's so dark in that room...  It was so loud in there with kids running around, I could barely hold myself together.

They hold you behind ropes and let people in little by little to view the lame CGI movie before letting you out to the next exhibit, it was so frustrating waiting on line with no air and screaming kids.

They commercialize this exhibit like it's an epic, must-see, but it was WAY TOO SHORT and you can see the rest of the artifacts (minus the bodies) in other historical museums.  Save your money and go to an art museum, unless you've got screaming kids!

Parking inside museum is 1 hr: $9
2 hrs: $15
The Franklin is impressive!  Beautiful building and engaging exhibits.

I saw the Titanic exhibit & especially liked the grand staircase & displays of other rooms on the ship.  The exhibit included a lot of personal stories of passengers and was very poignant.  I was fascinated by the details of how the different classes of passengers fared on the Titanic.  At the beginning of the exhibit, each person gets a ticket, which represents an actual passenger; at the end, you discover the fate of your passenger.
A must visit in Philly! The admission prices are a lot steeper than other museums in the city but it is worth every penny for the experience. Went on a rainy day when everyone had the same idea to visit this  gem and was not disappointed. The sheer size of this museum and its numerous exhibits were enough to spend a whole day with entertainment and actually learn some interesting facts! 

Their new Game Master exhibit alone was worth the admission price as it provided for hours of interactive play!  

My personal favorite was the brain exhibit with all the optical illusion puzzles to solve and the different interactive senses test. It is also their largest exhibit and understandably so. 

It is worth noting that its a lot quicker and easier to buy tickets online and pick them up at the information desk rather than wait in the ticketing line, especially on crowded days.
I love the Franklin institute!  I'm a nerd by day and night and this place satisfies my thrill of science.  I've been to the facility about 3 times and I still don't think I've seen everything I wanted to see.  There is so much information in every area.

I've gone during the week and on weekends.  Saturday's are usually PACKED but I went last week Sunday and it was a low volume of people.  I've seen the gaming exhibition and worse case scenario exhibition.  They were both interesting, the gaming was interesting to see the history of games but the worst case scenario lacked interactivity.  Not sure what I expected since I've been looking forward to it but I left feeling some disappointment.

My absolute favorite area though is the aeronautical section.  I love planes, aerodynamics, and flying!  So this was where I spent the majority of my time.
It's nostalgic to enter the Franklin Institute as an adult. It reminds me of when I visited the institute for a field trip as a child. I don't remember all the bells and whistles but it's an interesting place for everyone!

This review is based on my last visit, which was for the "Worst-Case Scenario Survival Experience" exhibit. I was a bit excited to see what would happen in a "worst case scenario" and what you should do to get out. In a decent sized location, the exhibit had: information about what you should do "if"..., they had locks you could try to unlock with bobby pins, a section for children to play in balls, you can jump on a display that mimics a moving training, etc. My favorite part of the exhibit was when an actress was portraying that zombies were going to attack! I thought it was going to be people dressed as zombies around the exhibit. Wrong! It was a mini section sit-down on what to do in a zombie apocalypse.

As I mentioned, the Franklin Institute is a pretty cool and interactive place for all ages. Wasn't too crazy about the exhibit. Wish it had more of a hands-on experience. Overall, I had a nice time.
Review for the Titanic exhibit only. 

It was thought provoking and the few articles on display were presented in a respectful and educational context. However, I wish there were more articles on display, it appears that the company running the exhibit, RMS Titanic, Inc. currently has 8 exhibits across the US. I wish they focused on 2 or 3 quality exhibits. IMHO It was interesting but not worth the $30 pp. If you're a member of the Institute it's only $10.
I 'd only come here if you truly love museums which is definitely not my case. I had family in town and they were excited about checking it out since they have a little one and they'd heard there was stuff for children to do. The architecture is beautiful and it's kept very clean. Tickets will set you back $20pp. There's also a gift shop and a small snack area with soft drinks, popcorn, coffee, candy etc...

I've never been a museum person but I have been to a couple that held my interest for the time being. This was not one of them. Their displays and interactive areas did nothing to keep me engaged. The children's area called Sir Isaac's loft was not child geared in my opinion. There wasn't much children could do but look at the displays. In my opinion it wasn't engaging enough to keep a child's attention.

They had an area that showed you how the heart and brain worked. They also had an earth exhibit which ended up being my favorite exhibit I saw and made me perk up. They also had a live show in a small auditorium on combustion this was also entertainment and fun. There was this bike (sky bike) on the top floor that went across one side of the area where you but tickets (each ride costs $3). I gave it a shot thinking it'd be fun but I was wrong. Not only is the ride very short but you see/do nothing while on it. Now if they had this bike going all around the museum that'd be a totally different story.

Not something I'd do again or recommend.
The Franklin Institute is easily one of the best museums in Philadelphia and every child in the area should go at least once. It was certainly my favorite museum growing up (that train room... I love it). The museum is full of hands-on activities and knowledge-- one of the newer highlights is an ecology/environmental awareness room where kids can play with sand to build moats and dams and learn how water flow works. In addition to the traditional heart exhibit, there is now a larger-than-life "brain" that you can climb around in, lit by colorful strobes to represent brain activity. All ages can learn here. There are constantly cool exhibits cycling through (the Body Worlds exhibit was phenomenal) and there's also an IMAX theater in case you also want to catch a movie.

Museum parking is on the western side of the building (21st Street). Remember this (I didn't). Parking on the street is easy, too, but some of the streets don't have the credit card kiosks and make you pay with quarters, which is a total headache and I don't recommend it.

Unfortunately, by the time one is an adult (especially if you have advanced degrees), most of the knowledge imparted at the museum is old news. But it's still fun to walk through the heart (and now the brain!), even if they are built with child-like dimensions in mind.
We went here last night for Science After Hours - Seven Deadly Sins and it was fun!

Pros - no kids and there's booze. It's great because they kept the entire museum open so we could explore.

Cons - it was difficult to find all the events/tables for the Seven Deadly Sins. I wish there was better signage/directions. Or even a person at every section/floor so they could direct us on where to go if we had questions. And 3 hours isn't enough time to explore the museum and do the activities for Science After Hours.

Not sure if we'll attend more Science After Hours in the future, depends on the activities and themes.
Returned in 2013 for the Pompeii exhibit which was - ok - kinda small. Just OK for me.
Our 9 year old enjoyed the day.

Many Exhibits were broken.

I think they need a boost,
Eh... I wanted to like this institution with such an important history. It is a moderately cool place to bring kids and kill time. Note: I do not have kids at this time. However, it was heart-warming to see the kids of parents and students on field trips interact with the exhibits, recite new information, and be excited. 

I enjoyed the heart exhibit - especially the exercise area where, if you did the work, you got to hear brief operatic riffs on the importance of exercise. Great homage to a fantastic art, if I do say so myself! I also enjoyed some of the electricity models.

Now here is the explanation for my low rating: The science that is provided is too simplistic and dumbed down for my taste. This can be misleading and insulting. Some of the technology used to demonstrate points (such as mini-video games and walk-throughs) aren't clear enough on why it should matter to the individual/family. If you are going to teach about nutrition science (ie the vending machine), geology, and energy consumption, don't give shallow points. Expand on it. Show some consequences. Life is complicated, but learning about it doesn't have to be. I guess this is where the teacher, guide or parent CAN fill in and have a teaching moment, but having all of the information there and THEN explaining it can be more powerful. And authoritative. After all, science is rarely questioned by the public (another problem).

On the nutrition science - please note that the food court RIGHT across the way from the heart exhibit (with the vending machine) contradicts the important information that was just offered. Offering fried foods, cheesesteaks, pizzas, burgers, and other unhealthy items isn't a good example to set. There was a small, side area next to the cashier that offered salads, water, and fruit, but they are largely trumped by the frying stations. The information bullets hanging inside of the food court provide more shallow points and idle information (ie you should fill half of your plate with colorful fruits and vegetables) - hard to start on that if you aren't given the opportunity right there.

Pricing is fairish, but I feel like the IMAX theater is overly emphasized. Oh.. and I wish they'd do something about those bathrooms. . .
This place was really not worth it we felt. For what they charge the exhibits seemed a bit lame. We went to Philly specifically to see the "100 inventions that changed the world" exhibit - we were super disappointed. The exhibit was like a pop up some TV screens and a shelf with some stuff on it. We blew through in about 15 minutes. 

Yelp has a 15% off check in offer for the gift store. Be sure to take advantage of that.
Pricy but you can't say you don't get your money's worth!  We came specifically for the Marvel exhibition which was a lot of fun but spent hours wandering around all of the other exhibits, Planetarium, side table experiments.  There were many families and kids to be expected but never felt mobbed.  We also left before 3 when perhaps kids might get over tired or over heated.  
Get your tickets online beforehand, worth skipping the lines!  I might not come to the Franklin for every new exhibit, but they keep expanding and is everything you could want in an institute about learning and experimenting with your world.
Extra tip- we parked in the Edgewater Garage for $11, easy 3 block walk, no fighting traffic.
Um, wow. Admittedly my experience here was abnormal: I came for a wedding. As a wedding venue, this place is the tits. 

The ceremony took place in the planetarium, which, while dark, was an incredible setting. Then cocktail hour began and we had a full run of the place. Imagine being in full length gowns and tuxedos with adult beverages in a science museum. MOST FUN EVER. Climbing through giant hearts and aortas, pretending we were weather forecasters, shocking each other on the giant electric shocking ball thingers. So much more fun then when you're a kid. 

The reception was held in what I suppose is the atrium: there's a huge Ben Franklin statue in the center. It was an incredible space with inspirational Franklin quotes scrolled on the walls I just loved the scale of it all.

The wedding was one of the most beautiful I've ever attended, and the Franklin Institute was a huge reason for that. I can't wait until I'm back in Philadelphia and can check this place out for reals and on my own time and, you know, in jeans.
We made a day-trip to the Philadelphia ZOo from NYC and were looking for another stop to make after the zoo before heading back. I've known of the Franklin Institute for a while now but never had a chance to visit during our few trips to Philadelphia. To my surprise, I noticed that there was a Marvel Exhibit going on. Myself, wife and 8 year-old are all huge marvel fans so this was definitely added to the to-do list. Now there are  few price options. The standard museum admission is about $23 for adults and $19 for children, but this doesn't include the special exhibit at the time (currently, the Marvel exhibit). For $35 adult/$31 child you can have access to both. Additionally, there is an evening option which only includes the special exhibit and costs $20 adult/$15 child. This option was perfect for us since we were spending the entire early afternoon at the Zoo. We were able to get tickets at the museum counter, but keep in mind that you may need to buy them online on busier days. We went there on a Wednesday evening, so it wasn't too bad. Keep in mind that the museum itself offers parking for $20 but there are lots of parking meters around the area which cost about $2.50 per hour. You can use card, cash or coins. The card option was broken on the meter we used, luckily we had cash on us. We arrived around 4:30 PM and got tickets for the 5 PM show. Big gift shop with lots of marvel things in the main gift shop. The Marvel Exhibit itself is AWESOME and I would highly recommend it for any marvel fan. There is a short 5 minute video in the beginning which takes you through the brief history of the beginnings of marvel comics. After you proceed at your own pace through the exhibits. Lots of costumes and items from the various MCU movies. They also go into details about the main (Avengers) characters giving them each their own exhibit, while the others such as the Netflix Defenders characters had smaller exhibits. They had some cool statues there such as Spider-Man, Black Panther, the Thing and the most epic of all...the 10-foot Hulk statue. Be sure to take your time and read all the exhibits. There are some cool fact in there about the comics and movies. At the end of course there is separate gift shop with all marvel stuff...typical over-priced books, toys and collectibles. We spent about 1.5 hours going through the exhibit with reading everything. Overall we had an amazing time..I highly recommend this to any Marvel fan. If we had more time, I would have done the combo with the Museum included.
This is one of those places that could easily get a 5 star rating  because of the diversity of things to see and do but in reality it falls between a 3 and a 4.  As it was when I was a kid, many things don't work when you push the button or touch the screen. At the price they charge for entry they should ensure that a higher percentage of things actually work.  

The food court is overpriced and not very good. We usually go to a local restaurant to eat and then come back in. 

It's still worth a visit. Where else can a kid sit in a real jet plane or climb into the cab of a giant steam locomotive?
Founded in 1824, the Franklin Institute is one of the oldest centers of science education and development in the United States. I have been coming to the Franklin Institute my entire life. I've been to other Science Museums around the country and the Franklin Institute continues to be right there with the best in the country. They always give you something new worth coming back to see. A traveling exhibit is always there, which as of this writing in January of 2019 is "Vikings: Beyond the Legend". I enjoyed this exhibit, which contains over 600 artifacts and a few educational videos about the Vikings. There is even a recreated Viking ship. My all-time favorite traveling exhibit is the King Tut exhibit.

Continuous attractions at the Franklin Institute include the giant heart (you get to walk through the inside of a giant heart), 
 Maillardet's automaton, the Foucault pendulum,  the observatory, the planetarium, and the IMAX theater. The IMAX theater is one of the early domed IMAX theaters and it still shows IMAX movies on film, never digital. The theater also shows 70mm films. You can see both educational films and Hollywood films that they can actually get on film. Right inside the entrance to the museum is Philly's best Benjamin Franklin Statue.

I could go on and on about the Franklin Institute. Just go!
After a week-long roadtrip with my 4 year old son visiting lots of kid-friendly sites throughout PA, this museum was his favorite hands down (and mine, too).  I'm so impressed with the beautiful children's museums Philadelphia has to offer.  This place blew my mind. 

Walk through a giant heart.  Climb through the neurons of the brain.  Learn all about the night sky in the planetarium.  Dive deep into the ocean in the imax theater.  I'm not even doing it justice.  

Beautifully maintained.  Centrally located.  Helpful and professional staff.  Check in and get 15% off at the gift shop!
Havent been here in years. I remember bringing the kids when they were little, and they had a blast. Now, the "kids" are in their 20's, and we all had a blast. So much to explore. 

The past weekend, we went to see the Terracotta Warrior exhibit. (Which was awesome).  During museum hours, the price is $35 including the museum entry and the special exhibit. You need an entire day, if you are going to actually spend quality time at many of the exhibits. There are 3 floors to explore, in addition to the special exhibit area.  I forgot how interactive it is....so I strongly advise that you bring hand sanitizer, if you are a germophobe. 

The food court is also very good. You can bring in your own food and drinks, as there was no bag checks. (Which surprised me).

If you want to save a few dollars, instead of parking at the museum, you can park a few blocks away and we paid $12 for the entire day.
Came to see the Tut exhibit.  You see, I tried to see it back in the 70s when the Tut stuff toured the U.S.  We stood in line for hours but our children were too young and couldn't take it any longer.  When we saw that Tut was back we decided we must try to see him.  Who knows when he could come to the US again?  Must say I was disappointed.  Any "old crap" from Egypt is gonna be good.  But, while all of the artifacts were very interesting, I was sad that most of them weren't Tut's.  After all, that's what we came for.  The Institute did a fine job organizing entry.  We went on Sept. 23 and since it was getting close to the end of the exhibition, it was very crowded. We'd heard that you needed to get tickets ahead, so we ordered on-line.  We had no problem getting in--ticket taking and crowd control were excellent.  But I wanted to see Tut's sarcophagus at the very least.  It's what I call bait and switch.  We paid to see Tut and we saw Amenhotep and some lesser knowns.  Don't get me wrong, there were some Tut relics, but not what I had expected.
I couldn't take pictures so I had to surf the net to find pics I could use for my World History class.  Surprisingly, a lot of the artifacts were available and my 11th grade students really liked my Tut presentation.
As for the Institute itself, I agree with some earlier reviewers that the place could use a little bit of a make over.  The giant heart grossed me out.  However, my son-in-law remembered it from an earlier jaunt there and thought it was cool--though smaller than he remembered.  Bottom line--it's nice to live in a city (wish I lived closer) and have such cultural activities near by.
Top 5 Reasons to come:

1. Giant walk-thru of the heart model
2. Amazing old train model you can ride
3. One of kind rotating shows like the LEGO one!
4. Giant plane model that you can literally jump into mid air
5. Take selfies with the Pope!

In all seriousness, this is an awesome hands on museum that is both entertaining for kids and adults alike. The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because parking in the area is horrendous AND so is traffic inside! It gets super overcrowded depending on how many field trips there are at one time here. They should definitely do a better job of coordinating these things so that the families that do come have a better chance of enjoying everything. 

I also came for the After Hours adult only event of Prohibition and it was AMAZING! Whomever had the idea to do an after hours, dress up, adult event is a damn genius! Not only are there amazing themes each month, but you also have only a few people there so the museum feels so empty! Definitely will return and add to my many childhood trips here.
I've been here during the day and didn't think amazing things about it. Of course you'll experience children everywhere, crying, snot on everything, and lots of loud noises. Usually that experience in itself is enough for me to not really go back unless there is something really cool happening, like the Science After Hours! I never even knew this existed until recently (thanks Yelp)! They do these events once a month, with a different subject each time. 15 bucks to get in, adults 21+, and lots of fun stuff going on. Not only do you get to wander around most of the museum, there are also a ton of tables set up throughout, filled with demonstrations and experiments. I loved it and it's enough to make me want to attend each one. There's beer, wine, and food. It's a very relaxed crowd. The whole experience was very enjoyable and I think it's super awesome that they offer something like this to the adults out there! You get to explore your inner child without having a child next to you. I highly suggest it.
Who doesn't love the franklin institute? The brain, the giant heart ? Sir isaacs loft? It's a scientific wonderland filled with wonder and imagination. Ok, maybe I'm exaggerating just a bit. But it's awesome. I recall going here as a kid and now me and my kids go at least one a month. The kids science exhibit is great. Although I do believe every aspect of this place is child and adult friendly . 

If you're into science and are near the parkway check it out. Honestly, even if you're not nearby you should check it out. 

FYI - the third Wednesday of every month from 5-8 is target community night; which means free admission! If you're unsure if you like the place then check it out for free !
Great for kids and great for adults.  True, child hood memories of the museum make it a lot more nostalgic, but still a worthwhile trip for everyone at all ages.  No matter what you are in to, something at the Franklin Institute will intrigue you.
Our wedding at the Franklin Institute was perfect and STUNNING!

My husband and I knew we wanted our wedding to be in Philly because it represents us as a couple since we spend so much time out and about in the city. We have no regrets with choosing the Franklin Institute as our reception venue. It was an amazing night that our guests and we will never forget! 

My Mom and I booked tours at 9 different reception venues in Philly. The Franklin Institute was the first of our 9 visits. As a teacher that has had field trips at the FI, I just wasn't sure that I wanted to have my wedding at the same location that I've brought kindergarteners to for a field trip. Boy am I glad I gave it a chance. After seeing the Franklin Institute on the first day of our first visits, it was clear that every other venue paled in comparison. Sure, there were some beautiful venues but none of them came close to the unique and breathtaking elements that the FI had to offer.

You can have your cocktail hour in the brain which is so unique. We loved that our guests could have an interactive experience! It was really neat for out-of-towners as well as people that just haven't been to the FI in ages.

The light and sound package can't be beat! As your guests enter the main dining room, the lights change, a video plays and the whole reception experience transforms right before your eyes. You choose all of your light settings ahead of time and you are able to project any logos, photos or videos that you want! There are engineers on site the night of your wedding to ensure everything is running smoothly. We got lots of compliments on the slideshow we had running throughout the length of the reception.

Even more amazing than the light and sound package?! The GINORMOUS statue of Ben overlooking the most amazing night of your life. 

You can't get a better dance floor than a true marble floor. We were able to line the stairs with candlelight which looked gorgeous. The chiavari chairs unfortunately aren't included but they are absolutely worth it and will make your room look amazing!

We had a representative from the FI and one from the catering company that worked together to help us plan our event. On the night of our wedding, we had a bridal attendant that was amazing! She was there for everything we needed the entire night!

We loved that there can only be one wedding per night so everyone was focused on our event and not multitasking with other weddings. 

They validate parking for $7 per car which is amazing considering it's Philly. Trolleys will drop your guests off at the front steps which makes for an epic entrance!

The bathrooms are pretty ugly since they aren't a fancy venue but you can do things on your own to give them a personal touch.

There are soooooo many amazing photo opportunities throughout the FI and they give the bride/groom and photographer full access.

Lots of options as far as where you put your bars, your food stations, photo booth, etc. The food is all made from scratch from the Frog Commissary.

We had a few bumps in the road during our two year planning process but overall everything was great; our wedding day was everything we dreamed of and so much more! The Franklin Institute is an amazingly unique venue that you and your guests will rave about. 

Thank you to Gina, Beth and everyone else that helped make our wedding reception the most special, amazing night of our lives. We will never forget it!!!
I was a tad disappointed, honestly. First of all, all these damn kids EVERYWHERE. Maybe it's my mistake for not realizing this is a child's museum, but damn. Kids everywhere. They were mostly unsupervised or loosely supervised as part of some kind of camp or summer school program, where there's one "adult" (teenager) for every 20 kids. It's like the blind leading the blind. Kids running around screaming everywhere. The kids who were there with their parents were obviously not bad at all. So yeah I wouldn't recommend coming during the summer, when I believe is peak season for these menacing munchkins. 

More than half of the exhibits were broken or very run down. There are very few employees walking about to ask questions or to tell the kids to stop breaking stuff. The exhibits miss the mark on engaging the children. One of the more interesting exhibits in the electricity exhibit was to see how your individual energy choices impact society. You turn a knob on a platform to indicate your method of transportation, size of home, etc. and the display responds by indicating a color from shades of red to green to show the impact of your choices. Yeah, the kids didn't get that. They decided to play a game of changing the colors with the knobs. Maybe they were too young for this exhibit, or being neglected by their handlers/museum staff to appreciate this. Nevertheless, it was a sad sight to see.

Bathrooms were also not well maintained. Cafeteria was dirty as well, with awful overpriced food and surly employees. This whole place needs an overhaul. I'm sure Ben would be rolling in his grave if he saw his name associated with this piece.
I'm being generous with two stars.  

We went on a Sunday, mainly to check out the Titanic exhibit.  When I called about tickets, the person who answered told me that we had to be there at exactly 11:30 or we'd have to go with the next tour/wave of people.  Makes it seem organized, doesn't it?  Well, that's not the case.  Not even close.  There was no crowd control, people on cell phones, people with double strollers containing shopping bags and was way, way overpriced.  It took more than an hour to get through an exhibit that basically consisted of a few artifacts (which were interesting-just poorly displayed) and a bunch of writing on the walls-quotes and such.  

We were given a "boarding pass" to find out what happened to the passenger.  My favorite part about that was trying to find the name at the end of the exhibit on a wall that everyone was crowding around in small print.  The exhibit was completely choked with people.  At times it was so crowded that it was too frustrating and or difficult to see what was in the display case, so we moved on. Two people for $60.00.  And this somehow seemed not only acceptable to people, but enjoyable!  Baffling.  

This experience proves once again that it's hard to beat the Smithsonian.
I absolutely LOVE the Franklin Institute. I love it so much that I became a member. I have the dual membership so me and one guest get in for free any day we'd like. The membership also gives you discounts to their special exhibits, and to one of my favorite events offered in the city "Science After Hours." I have taken my niece here a handful of times. She absolutely loves it. 

Science After Hours is seriously AMAZING. They open the franklin institute after hours, 21+, have multiple bars located through out the museum, and each "Science After Hours" has a theme to it. They have an event once a month, typically it falls on a Tuesday night, 7-10 p.m. I have been to at least 8 of their "Science After Hours" events and every time I absolutely love it. There are different things to do at each event like, experiments, demonstrations and games. Some of them get so popular they sell out, so be sure to get tickets early!

All of the workers/scientists are super friendly and nice making the experience that much more enjoyable. They have a nice store too. The membership gets you 20% off in the gift shop (I think).

The Franklin Institute is a must see for anyone from Philadelphia or anyone visiting Philadelphia.
Yes, I too came here as a kid.  Excellent scientific exhibits for all, but yes it's mainly for children to love and learn.   Benjamin Franklin was not only a great statesman, but scientist, and ladies' man too.   His signature on the Declaration of Independence, and scholarly diplomacy helped shape our nation as a whole.
I had mixed feelings on the Franklin Institute.  The first area we went was the interactive heart exhibit and so many things were out of order, or confusing.  The walkthrough heart could've been so informative and educational but it was really just a labyrinth of cramped walkways for kids to run around in.  Then the heart dissection demonstration was so overrun with a throng of people that there was no possible way of seeing.  Why not have it take place on a stage, or have it displayed on a screen so people can see?

Then it was on to the highly disappointing planetarium which was basically just a dome shaped movie theater over a room of wire chairs.  Where was the star projector, or the reclined seats to see everything in the sky??  The entire presentation was just a movie shown on the dome screen and paled in comparison to the Chicago Planetarium, or even the one at the Science Center in Baltimore.

Fortunately this was all saved by the machines exhibit, as well as the sports competition room, and the interactive Sir Isaac's Loft area.  The machines exhibit demonstrated some basic principles of mechanics and featured many interactive exhibits with gears, pulleys, and levers.  The sports area was kind of outdated, but was still interesting with tests of reaction time, jumping ability, radar gun for baseball, and a small rock climbing wall.  This entire side of things really appealed to me a lot more and saved the day from the otherwise crappy heart exhibit and planetarium.

In addition to the basic museum attractions they also have imax and temporary exhibits.  When I was there they were featuring an extensive Star Trek exhibit.  If there were a traveling exhibit here that I'd like to see I'd likely return, but otherwise now that I've done it once I don't have a huge need to return.  Most of the museum is focused towards kids so they would definitely have a blast, but for me I'd like to see some updates and something geared more towards adults.
I have been to Franklin Institute countless times as a kid, and have only gone twice as an adult. Second time as an adult being 2 weeks ago.

Thanks to Yelp Elite Events for giving me complimentary tickets to the museum + their Game Masters exhibition which was a GREAT 1st date adventure! It was such a fun time. Of all the games that were available, Pacman & Dance Central were my 2 absolute favorites! I could've honestly just played them over and over and over again. I visited on a Friday afternoon around 2 pm which was a great time because other than a school field trip, there weren't that many people there which gave us space and the ability to actually explore the rest of the museum without waiting in line. 

Aside from the exhibition, the sports room is pretty awesome too. The batting cage and seeing the slomo version of your baseball pitch is SO cool. 

Suggestion for FI: Liberty Science Center in Jersey City offers after dark hours/sleepover events for 21+ people with cocktails/beer. This would be such a cool opportunity to bring more people to visit & spread the word! Currently, the FI museum's target market is little kids, but having options for adults would be nice too.
My coworkers and I love to explore the city, so our unofficial social committee planned a day for us at the Franklin Institute. I honestly did not know what to expect, and instead of researching this museum, I decided to let myself be surprised.

Now if you're unlike me, and are doing your research, here are my thoughts.

This is a super kid and family friendly museum. I would say it is best suited for kids ages 6-10. It's an interactive science museum with a variety of demonstrations, movie showings, and interesting information on things like physics, electricity, climate change, and the human body. Coming here as a group of adults, especially on a Saturday, was maybe not our best idea. The information throughout the museum is presented in a way that is easy to read and understand, but it fell kind of flat for us adults. It was very busy with kiddos from infant to high school, and there were a few sections of this museum that are clearly not made for adults, such as climbing areas and some of the more hands-on exhibits. 

General admission gets you into the above mentioned exhibits, also including the planetarium. However, there are activities such as the SkyBike, IMAX, and special limited time exhibits, like Jurassic World, that will cost you extra dough, anywhere from $3-$40. That's my biggest complaint with this museum. Admission is pretty outrageous. It would be very, very easy for a family of four to drop a $100+ here in a day.

I enjoyed my day here, but as a single, childless, young adult, I don't see me coming back. There are lots of great museums in the city, but I would not tout this as one of my favourite.
There is always something new and exciting to check out here which keeps me coming back for more. I was recently there for their Jurassic World exhibit, and it was amazing. I felt like a kid looking up at these huge robotic animals. They looked so real. Their skin and how it moved, the way their eyes seemed to follow you, everything about them made you want to forget that they weren't extinct and really standing there in front of you. 

We also caught the Star Wars movie, Rogue One, in their Imax theatre. I did think that was a waste of money. The dome just seemed pointless when watching a film that didn't or couldn't fill the size of the screen, so I found myself distracted by the all of the white background and constantly looking all the way to the left and right. We contemplated leaving before the end of the movie (disclosure: I'm not a Star Wars fan), but I kind of wanted to know how it ended. You wouldn't go to a regular theatre that only used a smaller portion of the screen. I was expecting something similar to if you have ever been to a planetarium dome where every inch of the screen was used.

The Robot Revolution was okay but also didn't think it was worth the ticket. It's not an exhibit or show, just small robots that you can play with to learn more about their uses. This one is definitely for the kids.

There is a coat check on the lower floor, but it's self check so clear your pockets of any personal/valuable items and check at your own risk. We used it, and our coats were fine. 

Check their website https://www.fi.edu/hours-showtimes for hours and show times before heading there. The hours vary and they often have extended and evening hours for certain exhibits. This museum is great for kids, but adults can appreciate it as well.
This museum ended up pretty pricy if you want to experience whole package. I was surprised that there is no student discount package for entrance, Imax and special exhibition. That was one of the most expensive museum visit I have  ever had. 
Whenever I visited new city I try to visit every museum and galleries. Those places usually offer student discount or any kind of deal for tourist. This place had non. 

When I got there with my parents, it was really windy mid of weekday. Think we picked the wrong day. There were tons of kids running around without any observation. No offense, it would be perfect study/ play venue for them. And they probably need to experience this venue more than I do. 
Apparently we did not get to see any of exhibits. Children were screaming everywhere and no one really supervise them. And a lot of things were broken and left it there. 
Well. We ended up leaving this place in a hour. This place could be so much better.
I must be one of those that still has fond memories from childhood.  No, I don't think it's as great as it used to be, but I still enjoy the heart, the trains, the planes, the pendulum, the Fels Planetarium, and the Imax.  The Body Worlds exhibit was incredible and I'm looking forward to the King Tut exhibit.
Overatted is an understatement.

I was SO excited to check out this museum after reading amazing reviews and hearing such excellent things.
I'm a science geek, so I entered enthusiastically, ready to interact with all of the exhibits. Much to my disappointment, about 60% of the interactives were not operational. The lack of activities available to distract me, made me then focus on the condition of the museum. It's completely tattered and torn. You feel like you've stepped into a museum from the 80's and that they haven't ever cleaned up since then.

The biggest disappointment was the Electricity exhibit which was supposedly new. I've been to many new interactive museums, and this exhibit was just weak sauce compared to other less expensive museums.

Put your $18 toward a bottle of wine and rent the Bill Nye the Science Guy series.

Franklin would be rolling in his grave to come in here.
The Franklin is a Philly staple. Every child that grew up in the area has their first memory of walking through the giant heart. Even as an adult I now find the same joy when walking through the heart with my younger family members. 

This museum is huge! You really need to be able to spend an entire day here to do it right. 

Many exhibits pass through the Franklin every year. My favorite exhibit so far was the Titanic because it was so interactive. I especially like the replica of the main staircase in the Titanic. I could envision Jack Dawson standing there waiting for Rose... 

I recently came to see the Pompeii exhibit with my family. The exhibit was short and had only a few artifacts from Pompeii. You really had to do a lot of reading and use your imagination to place yourself in that time period. Luckily I was there with my Italian grandmother from Southern Italy and she was able to give me more information than the tour. 

The cafe is huge and has a good selection of food to please everyone. Everyone except for me. I try to eat healthy and when I splurge I want to splurge on something GOOD. There were very few healthy options at the cafe. I bought what I thought was at first a fruit yogurt parfait and it ended up being ice cream. Bah! I later bought a salad with vegetables. Unfortunately the main vegetable was potato so it was a starchy mess. I recommend eating before or after you visit if you are watching your figure. 


The Franklin has a great IMAX screen that seems to curve slightly overhead. The only downside is that since the screen is so big, I had to turn my head throughout to the movie to see the different parts of the movie screen. I felt like I was missing out on some of the action scenes. 

If you are a tourist or a local I definitely recommend checking out the Franklin.
I loved coming here as a kid, and as an adult I still love it and can say this is truly one of the city's gems.  The science museum itself is fun for all ages, but the special visiting exhibits helps keep the museum fresh.  

They also have awesome special events - the insanely popular "Science After Hours", which lets you explore the museum and special one-night-only booths with a beer in hand, are a fun way to spend a night.
What a fantastic museum! This one has the breath and depth to satisfy both the intellectuals and the kids. It's very interactive, well maintained, and has a wide variety of exhibits - pirate ship Whydah found off the coast of Cape Cod, 'the beating heart', electricity and it's applications, and a whole physics room just to name some!

Other mentionables - easy parking even during contruction, clean exhibits, well maintained, and even had new exhibits being built.

Yep, u heard it here - twice as good as the Boston Children's Museum!
This place is for kids, that guy in the front should have said something.  I was in Philadelphia for a medical symposium and only had time for a few stops before it started.  I wish I had totally skipped this one. Lots of interactive displays but.... its only for KIDS.  If you're an adult, go somewhere else.
I enjoyed all the permanent exhibits there and they were both fun and informative - love the big heart and the plane simulation.

However, the Cleopatra exhibit was ok - it could have been better.
I'm debating between a 3 and 4 star...I'll give it 4 stars since i work in the museum field. 

I've been to Franklin Institute (FI) a few times in the past 2-3 years. Once for the Da Vinci exhibit, another for just the regular portion, and just recently for the Animals Body exhibit. 

First and foremost, the building is amazing!!!

I'm super surprised they don't offer discounts to other museum workers. They only offer discounts for Academy of Natural Science employees. So paying full price stung a bit considering i'm use to getting into museums for "free" with my ID....that's my personal sentiments. Everyone should support the arts and non-profits!!! 

All the times I went I enjoyed myself. Their exhibits are geared more on the educational side which forces you to engage with the exhibits. The Animal body exhibit was pretty neat. We had the place all by ourselves, but I walked around deep in thought about how amazing animals and the human bodies truly are. 

The regular portion of the FI does need some sprucing up. It just didn't seem fresh despite the lobby and other areas being fairly updated. Overall, a nice place for both locals and tourists!
