The Horticultural Center is an urban treasure, home to a marvelous Japanese Tea House with bridge and garden, exotic flora and rare plants, especially huge tropical succulents in the green house.  The reflecting pool in the rear is a transcendent scene at twilight, seeming always to split the spectrum with a kaleidoscope of unearhtly hues, some coming directly toward you, most dancing off the still water.  Really a sight!   For weddings it is special, the square space in the green house amidst the foliage easily seating up to 200 guests, and the photo ops outside non pareil.  We took most of our wedding shots around the Japanese House and the wedding party shot on the garden bridge, quite special!  Then we just drove up, jumped out, well the guys jumped out, walked through the unlocked gate and started shooting.  Now I understand you need to apply for a permit months in advance so they can unlock everything, and there's a fee. One other drawback; the interior from May to August ranges from uncomfortable to unbearably hot both for visitors and wedding parties.  But if the weather is right it is really extraordinary.
Nice venue. Was able to check It out during its current pop up beer garden. Well heated given its mid feb, quiet cute get away . Decent food and prices. Just nice to have a Covid friendly indoor place
I was here for a wedding over the weekend and this was hands-down the most stunning wedding venue ever.  The setup is like a magical botanical garden out of a fairytale and the grounds are simply breathtaking. The service here was spectacular and I am almost sure I can attribute that to the Starr Catering Group.  If money was no object, I would book my next event here, in a heartbeat.
Had our wedding ceremony and reception at the Horticultural center last weekend. Place is a gem. Food is to rave about (Stephen Starr) and our wedding contact, Ashley Gay was as accommodating as can be. Our pictures are gorgeous and the atmosphere was divine. Would recommend 100% if your looking to get married outside a typical ballroom or museum.
Located in Fairmont park is this small horticulture center  run by Pennsylvania State University.  Worth a visit if you are in the area.  They were having a big plant sale when I was there and they had a larg selection to choose from.  Free parking and free entry.  Visit their website:  www.fairmontpark.org/hortcenter.aspx
This is a cute place to have a wedding. I attended a wedding here recently and the location outside was good to take pictures with the bridal party. They have lots of trees and nice green scenery in the back. I believe if you do not have an event the horticultural is free of charge so good place to walk around and check out on a sunny day!
Came here for Parks on Tap beer garden and loved it. I am glad the Center has provided this beautiful space for people to enjoy. It is so clean, well designed, obviously full of beautiful well-cared plants, and did I say clean? Parks on Tap did a great job with menu item selection and organizational aspect overall. Hopefully I can come back to visit soon!
If you have preschoolers on a rainy day or need a wedding venue, it's probably a good thing. There is a big sandbox and play area for the kids, but that's about it. Nothing significant for adults.
Gorgeous wedding venue. I was blown away by this location and how they use the space. The food service that works with them was incredible. Food tasted great and the servers were incredibly professional. This is definitely a fantastic place for a wedding venue.
I went to a beautiful wedding her on a Saturday in May. It was such beautiful scenery, great for pictures. Plenty of parking that is close to the venue.
The Horticulture Center is a beautiful place. Theres no admission fee. The grounds are huge! There are lots of different trees, large grassy areas, and walking trails. There are also sculptures throughout the grounds. There is a Japanese tea house and pond. There's a fee to enter the tea house. There's also a tree house you can walk to. The horticulture center building has a many different plants inside as well as fountains. In front of the building is a large water fountain. The building has bathrooms and a water fountain. There's a children's garden and vegetable garden beside the building. In mid April the cherry blossoms are beautiful! The center hosts a Sakura Sunday event which has a fee to enter. 
It's a great place to take a walk or spend an afternoon.
This park is a great sanctuary. Unbelievably close to center city yet it feels like a world away. We love to picnic here with our pup. Cherry blossoms and magnolias are beautiful and draw a crowd. We tend to go post sakura to avoid the crowds. No admission! Parking is also free and plentiful.
We attended a gorgeous wedding here. The setting outside was beautiful and the interior where the reception was held was well organized and allowed for a variety of  settings from quiet to loud depending on where you stood in relation to the music. A variety of water features are in the green houses which only add to the atmosphere. 

The only downside to the place is that the lady's room has only 2 stalls, not enough for a crowd of 100+. 

Anyway, if you are looking for a place to hold a wedding in Philly, this is a nice place.
Beautiful for weddings. Truly exhilarating. I went to a wedding there and it was breath taking.
I went here for a wedding and it was absolutely gorgeous.  I have driven by here so many times I did not know it existed.  Since it was a little cold outside, it was perfect to have the wedding in the greenhouse.  The wedding was catered by Stephen Starr events, so everything was delicious!
We attended a wedding here. Nice center but we are from Atlanta and I think the one there has this one beat hands down.
[WEDDING VENUE REVIEW] The Horticulture Center was a dream come true! Our family and friends are still talking about how magical the venue was, especially for a nighttime winter wedding. It far exceeded our wildest imagination, and we're so happy we were able to share this amazing space with our out-of-town guests. The Constellation Culinary team was also equally amazing - so accommodating, communicative, lovely to work with. Thank you Leila and Gail for the absolute best night of our lives! It was absolutely unforgettable!!!
